Barcelona (CNN) The King of Spain lashed out at Catalan authorities on Tuesday evening after hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets in Catalonia to vent their fury over the violent police crackdown on Sunday's contested independence referendum.
In a rare televised statement, King Felipe said the referendum's organizers had jeopardized national stability. "With their decisions, they have systematically undermined the rules approved legally and legitimately, showing an unacceptable disloyalty towards the powers of the state -- a state that represents Catalan interests," they said.
King Felipe's hardline address was an unusual departure for the Spanish monarch, who used the majority of their speech to castigate Catalan leaders while making no reference to polling day violence that left nearly 900 people injured. They concluded the address with a call for national unity, while continuing to unleash a verbal assault on the Catalan authorities.
"Today Spanish society is fractured and confronted. Those authorities have underestimated the fondness and feelings of solidarity that have united and will unite the whole of the Spanish population, and with their irresponsible attitude they have put the economic and social stability of Catalonia and Spain at risk," they said.
On Tuesday night Catalonia's leader, Carles Puigdemont, told the BBC in an interview that their government would unilaterally declare independence by "the end of this week or the beginning of next." If Puigdemont follows through on the promise in the interview, recorded before the king's address, it would further deepen the constitutional crisis facing Spain.
King Felipe's decision to intervene in the crisis came after 700,000 people gathered in Barcelona, according to City Police, angered by the harsh treatment meted out by national forces who tried to prevent the banned vote from taking place. Many demonstrated in front of the Barcelona headquarters of the Spanish national police.
JUST WATCHED Catalonia: What you need to know Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Catalonia: What you need to know 01:10
Shops were closed, universities halted classes and transport companies ran reduced services as supporters of Catalonia's bid for independence from Spain attempted to maintain the momentum from Sunday's vote.
Facing Spain's biggest political crisis in decades, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy held talks with opposition parties in Madrid. Spanish authorities have ordered members of the Guardia Civil, the national security force deployed to Catalonia to block the referendum, to remain on standby in the region for the next week.
Protesters joined by firefighters raise their hands during the protest in Barcelona called by Catalan unions.
'The streets will always be ours'
Protesters gathering in Barcelona said they were motivated by fury at Sunday's violent crackdown -- the Catalan health ministry said 893 people were injured as riot police raided polling stations, dragged away voters and fired rubber bullets.
"This is a protest against police violence and maintaining momentum after Sunday," said Victor Noguer, 27, a firefighter.
"The streets will always be ours," protesters chanted, some of them draped in the blue, yellow and red Estelada flag used by Catalan separatists.
Protesters wave a Catalan pro-independence 'Estelada' flag as they gather at the Placa de la Universitat square in Barcelona during a general strike in Catalonia called by Catalan unions on October 3, 2017.
Officers from the Guardia Civil and the Catalan police force stood guard outside the local headquarters of the Spanish government in Barcelona, where hundreds of firefighters gathered. Other groups of protesters gathered outside the headquarters of the national police, shouting "Spanish police get out!"
In an interview with CNN at a police control center in the city, Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau condemned Rajoy's decision to deploy national security forces as "seriously irresponsible."
"Why is they throwing thousands of police officers against the population," asked Colau, who does not support Catalan independence but was in favor of holding the referendum. "Why is they keeping thousands of police officers on standby in the city of Barcelona and in Catalonia? What is the message of fear they want to send?"
Protestors gather in front of the Spanish Partido Popular ruling party headquarters in Barcelona, Spain.
The presence of the Spanish national police and the Guardia Civil in Catalonia is a source of increasing tension in the city following Sunday's violence. Animosity is also rising between local and national forces.
On Tuesday, the Guardia Civil police union, the AUGC, filed a complaint with the Catalan High Court against the Catalan police, or Mossos d'Esquadra, complaining that they failed in their duties by not enforcing the court ruling that banned the referendum.
The AUGC also filed a complaint in connection with the eviction of 200 officers from the Hotel Vila in the Calella district of Barcelona. It called for a judicial inquiry into reports the mayor threatened to withdraw the hotel's license if the Guardia Civil remained there.
Spanish newspaper El Pais said two hotels in Barcelona and hotels in Reus, 100 kilometers from the city, have ordered Guardia Civil officers to leave following Sunday's referendum.
Spain's Interior Minister, Juan Ignacio Zoido, said Madrid would "take all necessary measures" to stop the "intolerable harassment" of national security forces.
The Catalan government says it earned the right to split from Spain, claiming 90% of those who voted in Sunday's poll were in favour of independence. But the result was not decisive: turnout was low, at around 42%.
Catalan authorities blamed the crackdown for the low turnout, but it remains clear that public opinion in Catalonia is deeply split on independence.
Catalonia's President Carles Puigdemont stopped short of declaring independence for Catalonia Monday. According to the referendum law passed by the Catalan Parliament -- and declared illegal by Spain's top court -- authorities have 48 hours after the result to declare a split. Catalan authorities have not yet presented a final result to the Parliament in Barcelona.
Puigdemont has called for international mediation to resolve the crisis.
Spanish PM unrepentant
On Monday, an unrepentant Prime Minister Rajoy met Spanish opposition leaders to discuss the government's next moves.
A statement released Monday night by the Spanish government described Sunday's events as a "serious situation of institutional disobedience in this community."
Protestors throw referendum ballots as they rally in front of Spain's ruling Partido Popular headquarters in Barcelona.
It said that during their meetings the Prime Minister "has strongly defended the actions of the security forces during [Sunday's] events and has reiterated that more than 400 officers needed (medical) attention and 40 needed emergency attention because of their injuries."
Rajoy's office said Tuesday that they were considering calling a special session of Spain's Congress of Deputies to discuss the crisis.
So far, European Union leaders and the European Commission have backed the Spanish government's opinion that the referendum was illegal.
The European Parliament, the EU's only elected body, will discuss the crisis on Wednesday. The Catalan cause is likely to find more sympathizers there, especially from the smaller nations.
The UN Commissioner for Human Rights has asked to be allowed to send in experts to examine if citizens' rights have been violated.
Correction: An earlier version of this article mis-stated the time of the King's speech.
When James Brown penned "This Is A Man's World," they aren't exactly talking about comic cons, football stadiums, and concert arenas. But judging by the amount of sexism female fans have to deal with just for, you know, existing , it's a pretty fitting theme song for fandom. When James Brown penned "This Is A Man's World," they aren't exactly talking about comic cons, football stadiums, and concert arenas. But judging by the amount of sexism female fans have to deal with just for, you know,, it's a pretty fitting theme song for fandom. Gamergate, the series of misogynist attacks on female game developers, players, and critics back in 2014, is probably the most widely-discussed instance of gross sexism in the gaming community, and for good reason; it was an enormous fiasco and resulted in some of the most repulsive conversations I've ever encountered in digital spaces. Yet while this mess happened in the gaming community, I can attest that female fans encounter sexism in every subculture
1. "If she's at a con/show/fest, she's public property."
This is one that I've personally experienced. During my last year of high school, I took my little brother to see Metallica, their all-time favorite band. Somewhere between "One" and "Enter Sandman," the drunk guy standing next to me decided to enter their hand into my back pocket. I was so afraid of putting my brother at risk that I didn't say anything, even as this strange man smacked my ass to the beat of the song.
2. "It's up to me to decide whether or not they know enough to call themselves a fan."
Ever geeked out over Pokémon or football only to get grilled on statistics? It's 100% okay to release your inner-Charizard or defensive lineman whenever you face that kind of sexism.
3. "She has an STF: sexually transmitted fandom."
If a woman is into a band or sport, it's only because she's trying to impress their boyfriend, right? Come on .
4. "She only likes this because she's butch."
I've heard the crappy viewpoint that women and folks who present off the binary are just itching to become men, namely because all men love sports, slamming beers, and tackling each other (they don't). Quit gender policing based upon sexuality.
5. "She's faking it to look cool."
Yeah, because spending my Friday nights playing Catan and watching sci-fi is first and foremost cool .
6. "They're just watching this TV show because they think s/he's hot."
Yep, and I'm just going to the grocery store because the produce clerk is good-looking. I'm just putting gas in my car because the guy working the counter is super sexy. I'm just earning my MA to land a husband. Seriously, people?!
7. "I totally raped that game."
I've heard this a thousand times, and it still makes me totally ill. The fact that winning is equated with sexual assault says a lot about who's welcome in the gaming community and its attitudes towards women.
8. "It's science, not sexism."
Real talk: I love me some Iowa Hawkeyes. I had a teddy bear that played the fight song in my crib, and when football season rolls around, you can hear me screaming at the TV from across the street. But, here's the thing: my team doesn't love me back. More than 35 years ago, Coach Hayden Fry had the opposing team's locker room at Kinnick Stadium painted pink, since, not an excuse. Real talk: I love me some Iowa Hawkeyes. I had a teddy bear that played the fight song in my crib, and when football season rolls around, you can hear me screaming at the TV from across the street. But, here's the thing: my team doesn't love me back. More than 35 years ago, Coach Hayden Fry had the opposing team's locker room at Kinnick Stadium painted pink, since, as they explained in their memoir, "pink is often found in girls' bedrooms, and because of that some consider it a sissy color." How did my alma mater respond to allegations of sexism? They called the use of pink psychological, not sexist . Please. That'san excuse.
9. "Don't ruin your boyfriend's stats while you play around!"
Um, excuse me? This is my house, bro.
While most fans flock to subcultures for a sense of belonging, it's important to remember that women in fandoms only get a portion of that safety. Here's me throwing out some solidarity vibes to all the female fans out there who are boldly making change in their communities.
What follows in this post are two items:
That said, we wish to present the above without any further comment.
MetalSucks will publish our own detailed analysis of the contract and its “fairness” (or not) once we have had the chance to confer with industry professionals.
Without further ado, Havok's statement:
Many comments have been articulated in the few last days that should be responded to. Dave Mustaine uses names like “liar” – not to be taken lightly by anyone.
It's time to get the story straight and let the truth be known, so we can move on beyond name-calling and petty arguments.
“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.” - Mark Twain
Mr. Mustaine's claim is fallacious. Havok has been completely honest in its representations – and has the evidence to prove every single point touched on in its original press release. We would like to clear the air and inform the Metal Community of what the facts are – 100% rumor-free.
The truth is on our side, so we have no fear…
The most unfortunate part of this situation is that music-lovers are the ones being cheated. Fans were promised a product in order to induce them to purchase a ticket; and now the product has been modified by Mustaine Management's decision to remove Havok from the upcoming Megadeth shows.
Havok, in association with Mustaine Management from April 2015 – August 2016, was just tossed from the tour by Mustaine. Justis Mustaine is our main contact there, but Justis went out of their way to make sure that we knew: “Mustaine Management is operated by myself and Dave Mustaine”.
We wouldn't want to be accused of “gossip-mongering” again, so let's get straight to the heart of the matter… We directly address the accusation that we “stiffed Justis for thousands of dollars” and that Justis was “compensated poorly” for their work as follows:
When we first began working with Justis Mustaine, they agreed to “suffer when the band suffers” and not take exorbitant amounts of the band's revenues whenever the band did not generate large cash flows. The expenses of touring are very high and when your guarantee is not in the thousands, it is difficult to push a profit from any tour. After our last European tour, Justis agreed to take reduced pay and still grossed revenue more than the members of the band realized. If they had not taken the percentage reduction, they would have been paid more than double what the band members were paid. So, to be clear – Justis agreed to take a pay cut and everyone was happy – or so we thought until their latest rant.
Many people in the industry seem to forget that the band is the boss and the manager works FOR the band, not the other way around.
Havok originally had a verbal agreement with Mustaine Management and we had no issues or disputes until the overreaching contract was presented to us. Many bands work on an oral agreement with management and it is rare that bands of our stature have signed written contracts with management.
Timeline: A contract from Mustaine Management's lawyer (dated May 16, 2016) was sent to our lawyer and did not make it into our hands until June, 2016. (We were on tour in Europe for all of June of 2016 and returned home in July of 2016.)
Shortly after returning home, we sought new legal representation and began negotiating in earnest, the terms of a prospective management agreement. Dave Mustaine has stated that we: “had 5 months to sign an industry standard contract.” As it is August 2016 now and the contract is dated May 16, 2016, Mr. Mustaine's assertion is patently false.
It has been declared that we were offered an industry standard contract. NOT TRUE. We know that what was offered to us is not the industry standard. (See highlighted proposed contract below.)
After you read it we ask you to ask yourself: Is this a contract that any established band would sign? After glancing at the contract, I am sure people noticed that our band's name was misspelled multiple times. I don't know who the band “Havoc” is, but I bet they're pretty good if Mustaine is also offering them such a deal! I am convinced that Mustaine Management never read the contract that their lawyer sent to us – otherwise they probably would've caught these five important typos. I guess you could say, “Spelling Ain't Their Business…”
This contract does not specify precisely what the management company is obligated to do – if anything (with the exception of “advise and counsel” us) but it sure does demand a lot from the band. Toward the bottom of the proposed contract, just above the lines where one would sign, the closing says, “Very truly yours,” – How fitting, since if we would've signed this contract version, we literally would be “theirs”.
If this contract represents the industry standard, then we want nothing to do with the industry.
Let's be crystal clear: The Megadeth show contracts and this proposed management contract are TWO COMPLETELY SEPARATE THINGS. One does not have anything to do with the other, but Mustaine Management decided to breach their oral agreement, then unilaterally merge these separate matters into one conditional (“pay to play”) offer. We couldn't agree on the new proposed management contract, so they removed us from the shows – which they already contracted with you and us for our performance.
The only remaining question some people have asked us is: “Why didn't Havok counter the offer?” Well, in fact we did… we sent our proposed version of a management agreement over on August 9, 2016, but by that time, Mustaine had already pulled the trigger. By the time we were all able to come to agreeable terms within the band to counter Mustaine Management's initial offer, we had already been pulled off of the tour dates.
This came as quite a surprise since Justis previously told us via email that, “This contract has to be back before the September show”. Usually in a negotiation, one party starts out with a proposal, then the other side counters, and if they are negotiating in good faith – they work it out to meet somewhere in the middle. Mustaine took the hard line.
Mustaine Management's strong-arm tactic is their own decision. As anyone could imagine, it takes time to work out an agreeable contract in which every party feels like they're getting a fair deal. Unfortunately, Mustaine Management was not willing to negotiate and in turn, removed us from Megadeth shows as a way of punishing us – and ultimately you – the customer.
These revelations are harsh, but the truth is the truth. We simply want to end casual speculation and get the entire story out to the people that count – you the FANS. We have no desire to drag things out any longer. We do not wish to have a feud or grudge with the Mustaines. Dave Mustaine is a nice, funny, smart guy (and so is Justis). We hold nothing against them personally and are extremely grateful for the opportunities they have presented us. It was a pleasure to share the stage with Megadeth and get to know the guys in the band. Megadeth and their crew treated us very well on tour and it will not ever be forgotten. Dave Mustaine went out of their way to extend our set times, give us bottles of their delicious wine, offer us great advice, and we would all like to thank them for that – once again.
The manner in which Mustaine Management chose to remove us from the tour dates was a brazen act. While it is well-known that Dave has a short fuse, none of us will hold that against him. Holding a grudge does no good and causes unnecessary stress. We hope that Dave does not hold a grudge over our separation, we want them to be happy in life for doing good – not harm.
The age-old question that should be remembered here:
“What would Jesus do?”
I still love Megadeth's music and always will. Without Megadeth, Havok would not sound the same; they were a huge influence on the formation of this band. Throughout the years, Dave Mustaine has inspired me to never give up and to keep going, despite lineup changes. I truly do respect the man and I hope that they can feel the same.
We wish the Mustaines nothing but the best and would like to encourage fans to not bash the family or the band. Hate breeds nothing good. We want our fans to know that we do not feel malicious. I am sure that we will cross paths with Megadeth again, so there is no reason to harbor bad blood. We wanted to clear the air and move on because life is too short to waste energy on pointless mudslinging contests.
We hope this clears things up and will put an end to the fans' countless questions. Again, I would like to make clear that we have factual evidence of everything that has been stated here and that we can prove any point that has been made in this release. “The truth shall set you free”.
Keep an eye out for fresh news about the new Havok record release and we'll see you on the road soon! Remember to think for yourself, support music, and be kind to one another. The world can be a much better place. Onward and upward!
Peace be with you… And also with you,
-David Sanchez
Protesters walk along the street as they demonstrate following a not guilty verdict on Friday in St. Louis. Michael B. Thomas/Getty Images
The acquittal on Friday of former St. Louis police officer Jason Stockley of first-degree murder charges in the 2011 shooting death of Anthony Lamar Smith was all too familiar. Like in other cases, the local community took to the streets in mass protests soon after a white officer was found not guilty of murdering a black motorist. And like in other cases, it showed how difficult it is to hold police accountable in shooting deaths of black men, no matter what the evidence.
It was unusual in one big way, though. Because the verdict was decided by a judge after Stockley waived their right to a jury trial, the public got a rare insight into the thinking that goes into letting a cop go free despite stacks of evidence of wrongdoing. In Judge Timothy J. Wilson's 30-page ruling you can see the mental gymnastics that went into acquitting a man who said to their partner of Smith, “we're killing this motherfucker, don't you know,” minutes before killing him.
There are many embarrassing parts of this verdict. Let's start, though, with the particularly shameful portion that seeks to vindicate Stockley for this audio-recorded statement of apparent premeditation. During their own testimony, Stockley stated that they couldn't remember making the “we're killing this motherfucker” remark, but justified it by saying that “during a vehicle pursuit, there are many things that are said.” They added that “it's hard for me to elaborate even what the context was, because I don't even know.”
This dissembling answer was apparently enough for the judge to discount this clear statement of intent. Here's what Wilson wrote:
People say all kinds of things in the heat of the moment or while in stressful situations, and whether Stockley's statement that “we're killing this motherfucker,” which can be ambiguous depending on the context, constituted a real threat of action or was a means of releasing tension has to be judged by their subsequent conduct. The court does not believe Stockley's conduct immediately following the end of the pursuit is consistent with the conduct of a person intentionally killing another person unlawfully.
Stockley's conduct immediately after making that statement was to instruct their partner to ram Smith's vehicle, approach Smith's car, and almost immediately fire five shots into Smith's body, including one that forensic analysts described as a “kill shot” likely fired within six inches of Smith. In their ruling, Wilson characterized this as a long period of time and accepted as fact the defense's argument that all five shots were fired at once (the prosecution argued that a final “kill shot” was fired a bit after the first four):
It was not until fifteen seconds after Stockley arrived at the driver's side door, that they unholstered their service revolver and fired several shots in succession.
As damning as it was, Stockley's statement was not the only piece of evidence against him. Prosecutors alleged that they planted a gun that was found in Smith's car. The evidence for this is that their DNA was found on the gun while Smith's was not, they can be seen rifling through a bag in their police vehicle after the shooting, and they were seen returning to search Smith's car before the gun appeared to him. Stockley testified that their partner warned them that Smith—who had twice rammed the police vehicle and clipped Stockley with their car as they fled when the officers first approached them after what they suspected was a drug buy—had a gun. In their ruling, Judge Wilson took this testimony by the defendant as fact:
Stockley had been warned by [his partner Brian] Bianchi that Smith had a gun.
One of Stockley's fellow officers at the time who arrived on the scene immediately after the shooting, Elijah Simpson, had testified that they didn't see a gun in the vehicle when they lifted up the airbag and looked in the car. Simpson also testified that it was strange that Stockley was allowed to go back and forth between their own car and the scene of the shooting, and that Stockley was the only officer to remove their gloves during evidence gathering. (This was how Stockley's defense team says the gun was contaminated with their DNA. The prosecution says they removed the gloves on purpose to have that excuse.) This testimony from a fellow officer was not enough for Wilson, because Simpson didn't directly see Stockley actually physically plant the gun:
There were several officers standing around adjacent to the driver's side of the Buick and not one of them was called to testify that they saw Stockley plant a gun in the Buick.
Stockley testified that they had actually gone into the bag in their vehicle to get QuikClot wound dressing from the car and administer it to Smith, but decided against it because “it was futile.” Simpson testified that no one attempted to help Smith even though “he appeared alive.”
Wilson brushes all this off by saying that no extra gun can be seen on Stockley's person in the blurry cellphone camera footage of the incident that was the main relevant video evidence remaining after one of the officers involved turned off the police vehicle's dashboard camera. From Wilson:
Stockley was not wearing a jacket; if they had such a gun in their possession it would have been visible on the cell phone video. The gun was too large to fit entirely within any of the pockets on the pants they were wearing, there was no bulge in any pocket indicating a gun within the pocket, and the gun would have been visible if it was tucked into theirs belt.
It's inconceivable to Wilson that the gun was not visible in the limited available cellphone footage, or hidden elsewhere on Stockley's person than one of the places they enumerate.
Finally, Wilson says that they cannot think of a motive Stockley might have had to “kill this motherfucker,” even though Smith had just clipped Stockley with their car. (Stockley was carrying a personal AK-47 at the time, a violation of department policies.)
These are not the only examples of Judge Wilson bending over backward to find validation for Stockley's threatening words and repeated violations of department procedure in this killing of a man who another officer had found appearing to be unarmed. But they are the most egregious.
If there is one new lesson in this whole tragic episode, it's this little bit of insight into the flawed logic, acceptance of hearsay as fact, and ugly ex post facto justifications that go into exonerating white men in uniform when there's evidence that they have assassinated black motorists.
What the developers have to say:
Why Early Access?
Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?
How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?
Additional game modes, such as Team Elimination and Stream vs. Stream
New maps, Rules, Bonuses, Clothing, and more additional content
More interactivity via Streamote, such as Sponsorship, new mini-games, or even the Twitch equivalent of passing the controller while playing with a friend on the couch
A structure for persistent player rankings and game-wide leaderboards
New gameplay and progression systems, including more advancement movement options
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?
“Quite frankly, because we're trying something that's never really been done before. While there have been a few games with Twitch-interactivity built in, Streamline was built from the ground-up with Broadcasters and their audiences in mind. We're trying to make real-time interaction between the Broadcaster, their players, and their communities and, well, it's hard to put that through its paces on our own.On top of that very real need, we've valued open development and tight interaction loops with our community since the company was founded. Early Access allows us to hear what you think, what's working, and what's not, all out in the open for everyone to see.”“Streamline will be in Early Access for approximately 6 to 9 months and we hope to release in the Spring or Summer of 2017. This should give us the time we need to gather and respond to feedback, ensure large-scale stability, and add the remaining features both Proletariat and the community want.”“Through Early Access, we'll be refining the game, fixing performance issues, and bugs, but most importantly, for the full version, we want to add some major features, possibly including:We also want to explore bringing Streamline to other streaming platforms, such as YouTube, Beam, and Facebook Live.”“Streamline is stable and fully playable. It's already been played by hundreds of Broadcasters with thousands of players, in front of hundreds of thousands of interacting viewers on Twitch. Each game can host up to 16 players on one of five different maps, with dozens of Rules, Bonuses, and Accolades, along with hundreds of pieces of clothing.Viewers can also use Streamote, a fully responsive website across their desktop, mobile, and tablet web browsers, to play along with the Streamline players.”“Streamline is priced lower during Early Access as both a token of our appreciation to you, our early users, helping us to refine and improve the game, but also as a reflection of the work-in-progress nature of Streamline at this time. It is likely that this price will increase when we release the full game to reflect the many additions and improvements we're making during Early Access.”“We've always been a very community-focused company and with Streamline, we're going even further. We have a Discord server that's open to the public for real-time interaction and chat with and between the community and the developers. Members can use our Discord server to promote their own games of Streamline, organize with other players, give feedback, or just hang out.We also have twice-weekly playtests of Streamline (at least!), streamed live on Twitch, and open to the community where players can join up with us, check out the current work-in-progress version of the game, and let us know what they think.On top of that, we've stayed open and active on the Steam forums, Reddit, Twitter, and other community sites, both as a company and individual employees.”
As more doctors and hospitals go digital with medical records, the size and frequency of data breaches are alarming privacy advocates and public health officials.
Keeping records secure is a challenge that doctors, public health officials and federal regulators are just beginning to grasp. And, as two recent incidents at Howard University Hospital show, inadequate data security can affect huge numbers of people.
On May 14, federal prosecutors charged one of the hospital's medical technicians with violating the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Prosecutors allege that over a 17-month period, Laurie Napper used their position at the hospital to gain access to patients' names, addresses and Medicare numbers to sell their information. A plea hearing has been set for June 12. Napper's attorney declined to comment.
Just a few weeks earlier, the hospital notified more than 34,000 patients that their medical data had been compromised. A contractor working with the hospital had downloaded the patients' files onto a personal laptop, which was stolen from the contractor's car. The data on the laptop was password-protected but unencrypted, which means anyone who guessed the password could have accessed the patient files without a randomly generated key. According to a hospital news release, those files included names, addresses and Social Security numbers — and, in a few cases, “diagnosis-related information.”
Howard University spokesperson Ronald J. Harris said in an e-mail that the two incidents are unrelated but declined to answer further questions. In its news release about the stolen laptop, the hospital said it will set new requirements for all laptops used by contractors and those issued to hospital personnel to help protect data.
Just days after Howard University contacted its patients about the stolen laptop, the Utah Department of Health announced that hackers based in Eastern Europe had broken into one of its servers and stolen medical information for almost 800,000 people — more than one of every four residents of the state.
And in November, TRICARE, which handles health insurance for the military, announced that a trove of its backup computer tapes had been stolen from one of its contractors in Virginia. The tapes contained names, Social Security numbers, home addresses and, in some cases, clinical notes and lab test results for nearly 5 million patients, making it the largest medical data breach since the Department of Health and Human Services began tracking incidents 21 / 2 years ago.
As recently as five years ago, it's possible no one outside Howard University would have known about the incidents there. But reporting rules adopted as part of the 2009 stimulus ensure that the public knows far more about medical data breaches than in the past. When a breach occurs that affects 500 or more patients, health-care providers must notify not only HHS but also the news media.
According to an HHS database, more than 40 percent of medical data breaches in the past 21 / 2 years involved portable media devices such as laptops or hard drives. Deven McGraw, head of the health privacy project at the Washington-based Internet advocacy group Center for Democracy & Technology, said many of these incidents were avoidable. “We have technology that can help save us when we're all too human,” they said.
Cloud storage, password protection and encryption are all measures health-care providers could be taking to make portable electronic health records more secure, McGraw said.
Another thing that might make health-care providers tighten their security is the potential of facing hefty fines if their patients' data are breached. But until recently, providers haven't had to worry much about this.
Since the enactment of HIPAA in 2003 until late last year, there were more than 22,000 complaints about violations of the law's privacy rule. HHS assessed a monetary penalty only once, according to a report it gave to Congress. Although the department has the power to issue subpoenas when enforcing HIPAA, it has only used that power twice since 2003.
“The industry is very interested and responsive to correct the mistakes that they make and improve their privacy policies, so it's not necessary for us to resort to these types of penalties,” said Susan McAndrew, deputy director for health information policy at HHS's Office of Civil Rights.
HHS was criticized for lax enforcement at a Senate hearing in November. In the six months that followed, the department reached settlements in several HIPAA cases with penalties totaling more than $1.5 million.
McGraw said HHS was losing credibility on the enforcement issue, so she's pleased by the department's rapid response to its Senate grilling.
But, they said, federal regulators can only do so much. While the benefits of electronic health records far outweigh the risks, they said, those risks can only be mitigated — not eliminated.
“No matter how good you make the technology,” McGraw said, “we'll never get the risk down to zero. But we can do a lot better than we have been doing.”
— Kaiser Health News
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
Daryl Davis, an accomplished keyboardist who has worked with Chuck Berry and Little Richard, has quite the side interest.
For the past few decades the black musician, actor and author has made it their mission to befriend people in hate groups like the Klu Klux Klan by calmly confronting them with the question:
“How can you hate me if you don't even know me?”
Their quest is the subject of the new documentary “Accidental Courtesy,” directed by Matt Ornstein and released on Dec. 9.
Though Davis' approach may seem dangerous, they have explained their logic.
“The most important thing I learned is that when you are actively learning about someone else you are passively teaching them about yourself,” Davis explained in explained to the podcast Love+Radio via The Atlantic.
They added:
“Give them a platform. You challenge them. But you don't challenge them rudely or violently. You do it politely and intelligently. And when you do things that way chances are they will reciprocate and give you a platform.”
Increasing temperatures due to climate change is altering the demographics of the central bearded dragon population and possibly sending the species into extinction.
DNews
Like a lot of reptiles, Discovery News said, the gender of central bearded dragons depends on their chromosomes and the temperature at which the eggs are incubated. The egg is born a female when incubated at higher temperatures. Increasing global temperatures could skyrocket the number of female central bearded dragons in the future, wreaking havoc on the population.
Central bearded dragons have Z and W chromosomes in the same way we have X and Y. A dragon with ZW chromosomes will be a female no matter what. The temperature-induced sex change occurs in dragons with ZZ chromosomes.
At low temperatures, these dragons will be born males. But if the eggs are exposed to temperatures above 32.5 degrees Celsius (90.5 degrees Fahrenheit), the dragons will be born females, according to ABC Science.
The change is aided by an enzyme called aromatase, which converts testosterone into estrogen.
DNews
Rising temperatures, and therefore higher birth rates of females, would be severely detrimental to the species. Scientists have already recorded a higher rate of ZZ female births than before, according to DNews. ZZ females tend to be more aggressive and produce more eggs than ZW females.
With greater numbers, ZZ female central bearded dragons could outcompete ZW females. The female population would soon outgrow the male population, as well.
Depending on temperature increases, there might come a time when only female ZZ bearded dragons are born, making reproduction impossible.
The central bearded dragon can be found in a wide range of arid and semiarid regions in Australia. Adults can reach lengths of up to 60 centimeters (24 inches), with their tail accounting for more than half of the total amount.
Watch DNews' video about the central bearded dragons below:
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:
Climate Change to Devastate Adélie Penguin Population in Antarctica by Up to 60%
Buenos Aires to Close 140-Year-Old Zoo, Saying 'Captivity Is Degrading'
Appeals Court Urged to Strike Down Idaho's Ag-Gag Law
Climate Change Puts Squeeze on Cuddly Koalas
April 1945. In a dramatic operation the SS transports 139 special prisoners and prisoners of kin into the Alps. The plan: to use the prisoners as bargaining chips in possible negotiations with the Allies. During the journey a number of prisoners plan their escape and experience six days between liberty and death, their fates in the hands of ruthless and increasingly nervous criminals. But the hostages band together and turn the tables with a clever ploy: they call in the Wehrmacht to aid them…
A painting that has saved the lives of more than 30 people and that has been lost for almost eight decades. A case of looted art that leads from Germany's present right into its dark past. A transmedia investigation across various media channels and outlets, which makes the audience part of the team. This is: #kunstjagd www.kunstjagd.com Playlist on Soundcloud
25 years after the spectacular landing of Mathias Rust on the Red Square in Moscow, Rust talks for the first time in detail about their flight, which left the reputation of the Soviet military in tattern. The exclusive documentary "One flew over the Kremlin – Mathias Rust and the End of the Soviet Bloc" will be broadcasted on Monday, 21st of May at 11.30 pm on ARD.
1987. The Soviet military is outmanoeuvred by a teenager. Only equipped with a map they cross the border in a chartered Cessna and lands in the heart of Moscow, leaving the reputation of the military in tatters. In May 2012 it will be 25 years that Mathias Rust breached the integrity of the iron curtain, triggering change of historic dimensions.
One flew over the Kremlin – Mathias Rust and the End of the Soviet Bloc
It is the 28th of May 1987, shortly after 7 pm. The world is richer by one sensation and the Soviet Union is totally disgraced. What had happened? The nineteen-year-old Mathias Rust from Wedel near Hamburg had landed their single engine Cessna 172 directly next to the Red Square in Moscow. No one had stopped them on their several hour flights through the Soviet airspace. The Soviet Air Force, so far considered invincible, is exposed to ridicule and mockery. Thousands of missiles, state of the art air defence radars and antiaircraft defences overcome by an amateur pilot, a messenger of peace, who wanted to build a bridge between East and West with their flight. The flight scandal becomes state affair, the minister of defence has to resign and many high-ranking officers have to follow. The young German pilot's intent had been to move the deadlocked disarmament talks along, in order to bring peace between East and West. In the end, their flight did indeed help perestroika along – though in another way than expected.
The president of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev, acted outraged externally, but domestically they finally had enough space to reduce the military budget, to pull out of Afghanistan and to finally give the satellite states their longed for independence. The military had always been Gorbachev's opponent and now they used its disgrace to enthrone the political hardliners. Among them are also senior officers who can't take the “dishonour” and kill themselves. The catalyst of all this becomes a media star. The “New York Times” and the “Washington Post” hail Mathias Rust in union as “daredevil pilot” on the 30th of May in 1987.
25 years later, exclusively for this documentary, Rust talks for the first time in detail about their flight, their motives and the stay in the Moscow prison afterwards. The former “high-flyer” is still a fascinating personality. Film author Gabriele Denecke undertakes a very special journey through time to the places and people who were involved then, politically, militarily or journalistically. The German foreign minister at that time, Hans-Dietrich Genscher, recalls the reaction in Bonn and the writer Wladimir Kaminer, who had been a soldier stationed in Moscow, explains how Rust escaped them, saying: “I was supposed to shoot them down!” The former foreign correspondent of the ARD in Moscow, Gabriele Krone-Schmalz, gets a say as well as do expulsed Soviet generals and the chief of the Federal Intelligence Service BND, Hans-Georg Wieck. Mathias Rust themselves says today: “If I had known the outcome of this, I would not have done it. This is something you can only do if you don't know the consequences and the development of a story”.
Solar storm headed Earth's way after double Sun blasts could disrupt communications, scientists say
Updated
Two big explosions on the surface of the Sun will cause a moderate to strong geomagnetic storm on Earth in the coming days, possibly disrupting radio and satellite communications, scientists say.
The unusual storm is not likely to wreak havoc with personal electronics but may cause colourful auroras or displays of the Northern Lights across the northern United States.
"We don't expect any unmanageable impacts to national infrastructure from these solar events at this time but we are watching these events closely," said Thomas Berger, director of the Space Weather Prediction Center at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
"More pleasantly, we do expect these storm levels to cause significant auroral displays across much of the northern US on Friday night."
The storm began with a minor solar flare on Monday, followed by a major X-class flare – the strongest classification – on Wednesday.
Both eruptions came from the same sunspot near the centre of the solar disk, and both produced significant coronal mass ejections, or CMEs, of magnetised plasma headed toward Earth.
On a scale of one to five, Mr Berger said the resulting geomagnetic storm should be "moderate to strong", rating a G2 or G3.
"It is fairly rare for two CMEs of this magnitude to come in close succession like this," they said.
"Because of this we cannot rule out higher storm levels perhaps as high as G4 or severe geomagnetic storming, particularly in the polar regions."
The US National Weather Service alerted power grid operators and the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
The strength of the storm pales in comparison to major geomagnetic storms of years past, such as the 1859 Carrington event that knocked out telegraph systems in Europe and North America and gave some operators electric shocks.
It is also weaker than a near-miss geomagnetic storm in July 2012 that NASA scientists said could have knocked Earth's technology back at least 150 years.
That storm did not cause mass damage because the fast-moving energised particles were not directed straight at Earth.
"The events that just occurred over the last 24 hours were Earth-directed, they are just not that big," said William Murtagh, program coordinator at the Space Weather Prediction Centre.
"If we had a very big storm – and this is not it – that produced big problems with the power grid, that would be our biggest concern."
Nor is the radiation caused by these flares presently enough to raise concern for astronauts at the International Space Station, experts said.
But given the nature of CMEs with their internal magnetic fields, scientists are not yet sure exactly what will happen when they bounce off the Earth's protective shield.
"The sun just shot out a magnet that is going to interact with another magnet, the Earth's magnetic field," Mr Murtagh said.
AFP
Topics: astronomy-space, science-and-technology, united-states
First posted
Does this woman know how to tell the truth? They lie all the time about everything! The most recent lie has been exposed because of Wikileaks:
USING THE “WOMAN CARD” TO GET HERSELF ELECTED:
For decades Hillary Clinton has claimed that back in the 1970s the U.S. Marines rejected them because they were a woman. But a look at some of the information released by Wikileaks reveals that the Democrat nominee has more recently changed their story and admitted that the Marines did not reject them because of them gender.
One of the earliest reports on Hillary's rejection claim came from The New York Times' Maureen Dowd, who in 1994 reported Clinton's claims as delivered at an event meant to honor military women hosted at the Capital in Washington D.C.
Dowd reported that Hillary told those gathered that they were rejected by the Marines because they were a woman. Dowd wrote that in 1975, the year they married Bill Clinton and when they were teaching at the University of Arkansas law school in Fayetteville, Hillary said they went to the Marines to see if they could sign up.
They were 27 then, they said, and the Marine recruiter was about 21. They were interested in joining either the active forces or the reserves, they recalled, but was swiftly rebuffed by the recruiter, who took a dim view of their age and their thick glasses. ‘Not Very Encouraging.'
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: OSCARS 2019: A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [Video]
“You're too old, you can't see and you're a woman,” Mrs. Clinton said they were told, adding that the recruiter dismissed them by suggesting they try the Army. “Maybe the dogs would take you,” they recalled the recruiter saying.
“It was not a very encouraging conversation,” they said. “I decided maybe I'll look for another way to serve my country.”
Flash forward to one of their speeches in 2013 that Wikileaks just published. somehow, the lie they told so many years ago had morphed into the fact that the Marines wouldn't take them because they felt they were too old:
This according to the excerpt from their 2013 appearance:
Question from the audience: Is it true that until 1975 you applied for the Marines and they told you no because you were a female?
Hillary: No. Here is what did happen: It was actually — there was a recruiting station, and I thought, you know, maybe I should consider serving my country by joining the military. So I walked into the recruiting station, and the person on duty was a Marine. And I think I was 26, maybe 27, so, an older potential recruit. I said to the young Marine, I said, “Well, you know, I'd be interested in getting some information to see whether I could maybe serve. I'm a lawyer. Maybe I could help in some way.” They say, “Well, I think you are too old for the Marines but maybe the dogs will take you.” I said, “The dogs?” They go, “Yeah, you know, the Army.” I said, “Well, it doesn't sound like I'm going to be welcome so…”
Read more: Breitbart
James Kallstrom, former head of the FBI's New York office, is the man who brought to justice the notorious mob boss John Gotti, the Teflon Don.
So when they call Bill and Hillary Clinton members of a ‘crime family' it's fair to assume they know what he's talking about.
In a radio interview, Kallstrom described Hillary as a ‘pathological liar' and said of the couple's ‘charitable' Clinton Foundation: ‘It's like organised crime, really. The foundation is a cesspool.'
Kallstrom says the Clintons should be investigated under the RICO (Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organisations) Act, usually reserved for prosecuting the Mafia.
Scroll down for video
A Trump supporter wearing a mask of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton wearing handcuffs and a prison jumpsuit
I put ‘charitable' in inverted commas because only around 10 per cent of the money it receives ends up going to charity. The rest allows the Clintons and their cronies to live like the global super-rich.
When Bill Clinton left the White House after two terms as President in 2001, Hillary complained that they were flat broke. Today they are reported to be worth a staggering $150 million (equal to £120 million at today's post-Brexit vote exchange rate).
So where's the money come from? And what did all these mega-donors receive in return? Much of it came from Wall Street banks and malodorous foreign regimes, prepared to pay up to $750,000 (£600,000) for a single speech.
Why would anyone hand over that kind of money for a few political platitudes? What's in it for them?
That's what the FBI wants to know, too. Kallstrom has retired but their successors have been conducting two parallel investigations into the Clinton Foundation.
The highest profile operation, which revolved around Hillary's use of a private email server to send and receive classified correspondence when they were Secretary of State, came to an abrupt halt last night.
The jubilant Clinton camp announced that the matter had been resolved and it was time to ‘move on'. Needless to say, Donald Trump claimed immediately this was further evidence that the system was rigged in favour of Hillary.
But she's not out of the woods yet, as other inquiries are continuing. While they do seem to have escaped prosecution over use of their private server, there's still the question of the foundation.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is greeted by their husband Bill at the end of the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in New York last month
Leona Helmsley, the Manhattan socialite, said famously that taxes are for the little people. That's how Hillary regards federal law.
Other government employees have lost their jobs and gone to prison for less than they have done. But the Clintons could be heading back to their old Presidential home at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington.
When news emerged that she'd been using an unauthorised private server, the FBI issued Hillary with a subpoena to discover what was on it. They responded by immediately deleting 33,000 emails they claimed were ‘personal' — relating to appointments for yoga classes, arrangements for daughter Chelsea's wedding, innocuous stuff like that.
Of course they were.
That in itself could be considered a crime, but in the summer the FBI director James Comey declared that while Hillary had sailed close to the wind and behaved extremely recklessly, the bureau wouldn't be pursuing a criminal prosecution over their use of a private server.
The investigation is widely thought to have been shut down by Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who happened to bump into Bill Clinton for a private chat at an air terminal in Phoenix, Arizona, just as the Department of Justice was considering whether to charge Hillary.
Coincidentally, Lynch owes their big break in law enforcement to Bill, who appointed them as U.S. Attorney in New York when they were President.
Agents who had worked on the Clinton case were said to be furious. Then, ten days before polling day, Comey announced that the investigation was being reopened — this time into emails found on a laptop owned by Anthony Weiner, estranged husband of Hillary's closest aide Huma Abedin.
The couple is now separated, largely because of Weiner's incurable habit of sending photos of their genitals to assorted females, one of whom was said to be only 15 years old — which is why the Feds seized their computer.
Somehow, Huma's correspondence found its way on to their husband's laptop — possibly including some or all of those allegedly ‘private' emails Hillary Clinton deleted.
There was fevered speculation that this was the smoking gun which would fire the silver bullet.
Then last night, Comey put out another statement saying that, having reviewed the new evidence, the FBI had not changed its opinion, first expressed in July, that while Mrs Clinton had mishandled classified information it didn't pass the threshold for criminal charges.
The Clintons are said to be running a cash-for-access scheme — what the Americans call ‘pay for play
But what also emerged last night is that new emails link the Clinton Foundation's ‘resources' to Chelsea's $3 million wedding.
The FBI is under intense pressure to resolve the question of whether this ‘charitable' organisation is, as their former New York bureau chief insists, a criminal enterprise.
There is compelling evidence —especially in a new best-selling book by investigator Peter Sweizer, called Clinton Cash: The Untold Story Of How And Why Foreign Governments And Businesses Helped Make Bill And Hillary Rich — to support suspicions that the Foundation has been used to launder donations from unsavoury regimes.
The Clintons are said to be running a cash-for-access scheme — what the Americans call ‘pay for play' — like Tony Blair and Peter Mandelson's Hinduja passports and Formula One scandals writ large. Hillary is accused of using their office at the State Department to peddle influence and fix lucrative contracts for Bill and their business associates.
In exchange for vast sums of money — such as $12 million (£9.5 million) from Morocco and a $1million (£800,000) ‘birthday present' to Bill from Qatar — donors were guaranteed a sympathetic ear from not just the Secretary of State but also the woman heavily tipped to be America's next President.
What's a few million buckeroos when you get a direct line to the Oval Office?
There have been further claims that Hillary's private server was hacked by five foreign espionage agencies, putting national security at risk, which if true should instantly disqualify them from running for Commander In Chief.
But it is the rancid stench of corruption surrounding the Clintons which pervades the air. For once, Donald Trump didn't need to resort to hyperbole when they compared Hillary's behaviour to the Watergate scandal.
You'd think this story would be dominating the news agenda in the days leading up to tomorrow's election. But outside of the Murdoch-owned Wall Street Journal and Fox News, which first reported the ongoing FBI investigations into the Foundation, it has been largely ignored by the Clinton cheerleaders in the mainstream media.
I've been covering U.S. elections for 25 years and have never seen such partisan Press and television coverage. We moan about the perceived liberal bias of the BBC, but in America most of the media outlets make Pravda look impartial.
Trump claims a net worth of $10 billion (£8 billion), an estimate refuted by those who have examined their finances in detail
Nor have I ever seen two more unsuitable candidates for what is still — or should be —the most powerful office in the world.
Some commentators like to compare this demeaning, divisive election to the House Of Cards TV series, starring Kevin Spacey.
If only. The choice facing American voters is more like a real life House of Horrors. As I wrote here after Super Tuesday in March, when it became obvious that a Clinton-Trump contest was likely: these two deserve each other, but what has America done to deserve either of them?
Trump might call Clinton ‘Crooked Hillary' and ‘Lying Hillary' but he's riddled with serious defects of their own, not least their rampant dishonesty and congenital megalomania.
Trump claims a net worth of $10 billion (£8 billion), an estimate refuted by those who have examined their finances in detail.
They have a record of filing for bankruptcy and even boasts that the fact they don't pay federal income tax only goes to prove how ‘smart' they are — an insult to tens of millions of low-income Americans who always do the right thing and take paying their taxes seriously.
Trump plays fast and loose with the truth on the stump, making promises they know they couldn't possibly keep — such as building a wall along the Mexican border and making Mexico pay for it.
Their contemptible references to minorities and their disgusting treatment of women should automatically disqualify them from the race.
Yet even though Trump's had their fair share of accusations of sexual abuse (the latest involving a former Playboy model), alongside that famously priapic predator Bill Clinton they look like a paragon of chivalry.
For all Hillary's protests about Trump's misogyny, they have been more than happy to help destroy all the women who claim to have been raped by, assaulted by, or had affairs with, their husband. So much for the sisterhood.
I saw a woman driving a car the other day with an anti-Hillary bumper sticker which read: ‘The Devil Wears Pantsuits.'
One thing Hillary is right about is their oft-repeated claim that Trump has neither the character nor temperament to become President. We're talking pots and kettles here, obviously.
Clinton has never accepted responsibility and will never be forgiven, which helps explain why Trump has been able to run them so close
But one of Trump's worst traits is their Rizla-thin skin and their knee-jerk retaliation against all and any criticism, real or imagined.
This isn't someone you'd want with their finger on the nuclear football. Neither is Hillary.
Mrs Clinton makes great play of their ‘experience', but their record in office is dismal. They were Secretary of State for four years until 2013. On their watch, the world became a more dangerous place.
Having once said she'd nuke Iran to protect Israel, they then supported the deal to bring the mad mullahs back into the fold, by lifting sanctions and allowing them to develop a ‘peaceful' nuclear programme.
They lied about coming under sniper fire while on a visit to Bosnia. Worst of all, they refused a request to send military reinforcements to protect the American embassy in Benghazi, Libya.
The result was an attack by jihadists on September 11, 2012, in which the U.S ambassador was murdered.
Clinton has never accepted responsibility and will never be forgiven, which helps explain why Trump has been able to run them so close.
Despite all this, if the opinion polls are to be believed — and after Brexit and the 2015 British election that's a stretch — Hillary's going to win. But even the so-called ‘experts' are hedging their bets. Some polls nationally have put Trump in the lead by as much as 5 per cent. It might come down to a couple of states with Florida again pivotal.
Last night Florida was too close to call and has been carpet-bombed with TV ads and rallies by both candidates.
Floridians may have escaped the worst of the impact of the 140-mile-an-hour Hurricane Matthew a couple of weeks ago, but there's been no escape from Hurricane Hillary and Typhoon Trump.
Trump plays fast and loose with the truth on the stump, making promises they know they couldn't possibly keep
And even though the polls have narrowed, it still seems likely that the woman Right-wing talk radio host Rush Limbaugh has dubbed ‘The Hilldebeeste' is poised to become America's first female president.
If so, she'll be a lame duck from Day One. Them detractors aren't going away and neither is the stink surrounding the Clinton Foundation, even though they will use their office to do everything in their power to disrupt and deceive inquiries.
With their feet under the table in the Oval Office, it would be hard to see how the Clintons could be pursued under the RICO anti-corruption Act, as former top G-man James Kallstrom insists they should be.
Pity. It would be delicious to see Bill shuffling into court in their pyjamas every day, pretending to be senile, like those old Mafia godfathers. They look the part already.
Nothing much has ever stuck to the Clintons. But then again, mob boss John Gotti was called the Teflon Don and the FBI got them in the end.
Republicans hold out the hope that Hillary could yet be impeached for ‘high crimes and misdemeanours', like their husband over the Monica Lewinsky business.
They're likely to be disappointed, though. A President can only be impeached for crimes committed while in office. The charges can't be backdated.
Whoever wins, Americans will be the losers. They'll just have to grin and bear it for the next four years. Tuesday's victor will be a one-term incumbent.
The fact that the gruesome charlatan Trump is even in with a shout is to the eternal shame of the Republican Party. Whenever a more credible candidate — such as Florida's Marco Rubio — got their nose in front during the primaries, they formed a circular firing squad and blasted them to oblivion.
The Donald was Last Man Standing. They didn't expect to be the chosen nominee and I still find it hard to believe they actually want the job.
“The diamond tattoo I've got was done with my sister. We thought we'd get one done together because diamonds are rare and the feelings I have for my sister are rare, so we decided to pay homage to each other in that way,” said Neymar Jr. “A diamond is a gemstone that is simple but beautiful. It is also a rare jewel that stands out and that is what catches my attention and reminds me of my relationship with Rafa."
Nike Hypervenom Phantom Silver / Metallic Cold Coin / Volt / Pink / White
Silver 'Liquid Diamond' Nike Hypervenom Phantom Neymar Football Boots Launched - As a 12-year old kid in Santos, Neymar used to spray paint their boots gold. In June 2014, Nike launched the special Gold Neymar 2014 World Cup Boot, which features a unique spray-painted look. Nike revealed the special edition silver Nike Hypervenom Neymar Football Boot in January 2015, officially called Nike Hypervenom Neymar Liquid Diamond.This is the new Liquid Diamond silver Nike Hypervenom Neymar 2015 Soccer Cleat.The new silver Nike Hypervenom Neymar Boots feature a mainly silver spray-painted design, combined with a metallic gold tongue. To create a striking boot design, the silver Nike Neymar 2015 Cleats feature a volt Nike Swoosh as well as a striking pink Nike Swoosh with gold details.Designed exclusively for Neymar, the laces are black, while the inner sole of the new Neymar Boots is volt. The Nike Hypervenom Boot was launched in May 2013, featuring a upper made with Nikeskin technology combined with ACC (All Conditions Control) for better ball control in wet and dry conditions.The outsole of the new silver Nike Hypervenom Phantom Neymar 2014-2015 Football Shoes is volt, made for agility on Firm Grounds to help players such as Isco, Neymar and Lewandowski creating space faster than ever before.The new Silver / Metallic Gold Coin / Volt / Pink / White Nike Hypervenom Neymar Football Boots will be available from January 28 at selected retailers.
The Super Mario Bros. Speedrun World Record Has Been Broken
The speedrun world record for the NES classic Super Mario Bros. has been broken, with Twitch streamer Darbian setting a new record of 4:57.260.
Darbian's any% run – which means that they can use warp pipes, glitches, and other assorted shortcuts to achieve their goal – bested the previous record of 4:57.693, which may seem like a small amount but considering the level of perfection required here, it's truly incredible that they managed to do so. Darbian also equips themselves with a heart rate monitor while performing these runs, with this particular run seeing their heart rate climbing to a slightly worrying 171 BPM.
The speedrunner has stated that this will be the last time they speedruns Super Mario Bros, so even if their time is somehow beaten in the future, they likely won't return to reclaim their crown. With that being said, it's going to take a monumental effort to beat this near-perfect run.
Watch it in full below:
Growing up in Atlanta, Georgia, I was always in shul. Shul was the center of Jewish life to me. Friday night, Shabbos morning, Shabbos mincha/maariv – I was there. It wasn't because I was so frum in the typical sense of the word. Dressed in capped sleeves and hanging out in the lobby during shalosh seudos with my classmates from my coed high school, I always made sure to get back into the sanctuary for maariv. Not out of any feminist motivation (I actually had no idea there was such a concept), but because there was davening going on and that's where I needed to be.
I always knew that davening was my “love language” in my avodas Hashem, service of G-d. After I attended the NCSY learning program Michlelet in Eretz Yisrael the summer of 11th grade, I discovered that learning was another one of my languages. So, between my senior year and seminary year, I soaked in as much as possible, driven to improve my skills and motivated by the growth and connection I felt through delving into Torah texts.
Enter husband and baby a few years later and I'm bemoaning my declined spiritual state to my rebbetzin. They told me to listen to Torah classes while I cooked. I tried, but I couldn't multi-task so well.
The first Rosh Hashanah came around with baby and I wasn't in shul. And I hadn't been for six months. I felt such an emptiness, such an intense inner longing for something I was missing out on, it was almost like I felt I wasn't frum anymore – or at least like I used to be. It was all such unfamiliar territory. Because if my home for avodas Hashem used to be in shul, then how would I serve Hashem elsewhere?
I used to debate if growing up with such a connection to davening and learning really served me well now that I was a mother who didn't daven and learn as much as I wanted to. Maybe if I went to a Bais Yaakov, I would muse, I would be better prepared, with chesed hours and a different, possibly more practical chinuch under my belt. I would remind myself that I was who I was because of my background and that my connection to Hashem and Torah was uniquely suited to me. I just had to figure out how to translate it into my new reality.
Over the years, the nagging sensation that I should really be in shul on Rosh Hashanah diminished. The trick was making sure my spiritual longings didn't diminish with it. A few things helped. Jewish magazines replete with nuggets of inspiration and articles about the yomim tovim became my new sefarim. Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur editions featured articles written by mothers in the same predicament as myself, and it was always meaningful to read that I was not alone and to hear solutions from other young mothers. Surrounding myself with like-minded friends was also beneficial in trying to keep my aspirations intact and not just fall into the trap of solely discussing sheitels, clothing, menus and strollers (which we did plenty). I still stressed about when I would fit in shacharis, mussaf and mincha for the yamim noraim, presenting new toys to the kids to distract them, but inevitably feeling the tug of my skirt moments after I took those three steps back.
At some point, maybe between my second and third child, I somehow transitioned into a new stage, and it was bigger than realizing that my avodas Hashem wasn't in shul anymore. It was being at peace with motherhood. I had reached a point of acceptance: accepting this blessed role and accepting that this is what Hashem wanted of me. Not trying to force what worked for me in the past into my present, delicately balanced life of being a wife, mother, and professional. My life was now filled with the things Hashem wanted me to be busy with – and, most importantly, wanted me to serve Him with.
And there was zero guilt. I would go into shul to hear shofar, take it all in and fill up my tank, and walk out with the rest of the young mothers who had just allowed their toddlers to consume three lollipops and a juice box within the span of five minutes. Davening was still a priority, and I learned to feel satisfied with doing the best I could do. There is nothing like being at peace with the thought that what you are doing is exactly what you should be doing.
It is important to recognize – In whatever stage one occupies – that staying inspired and self-motivated in our religious lives while keeping our priorities straight is a challenge we all face. In the mid-1800s, Rav Shimson Raphael Hirsch said this of young Jewish women:
The Jewish home, the Jewish house is no longer a Holy Temple, the table no longer an altar. The spirit of purity has departed from their marriages, the spirit of consecration has left their homes. Family life is no longer a priestly service of G-d; the priestly sanctity of Jewish womanhood lies buried. New emotions are urged upon them. Domesticity bores them…Today, the ideal for which young women are educated is no longer the home, the hearth consecrated to G-d, but only society and culture. The rules of fashion and good taste are the laws our daughters are taught to worship; the Law of G-d is relegated to second place at best, if indeed it is given a place at all. And so they grow up, the future wives and mothers of our generation…
They no longer view the life of Judaism as an inspiration. They turn away from the fulfillment of their sacred duty as a Jewish wife and a Jewish woman. But then comes the call of the shofar, the same call that once rallied their mothers around Mount Sinai and that entrusted Their sacred Law into their hands. They called Their Law first the House of Jacob, and only thereafter the community of Israel, and in this House of Jacob They count, first and foremost, upon the loyalty of the woman, the Jewish woman. This is the same G-d for Whom every house of Jacob must still be built, and every child in Israel must be born and raised to this very day. This is the same G-d to Whom all of us belong with all our hearts and minds, and Who expects that our thoughts, emotions, words and deeds build a family life in which, above all, Their blessed Presence will dwell and Their holy Law will be translated into reality. And for this consecration of our homes and families They rely particularly on the woman, the Jewish woman.[1]
My avodas Hashem these days is all about translating Hashem's will into reality. About feeling fulfillment in my role in my family as well as filling my spiritual tank in ways that work for me. The call of the shofar is there as a reminder that Hashem is counting on us, as They have since Sinai, for us each to proudly assume our role as Jewish women, in whatever form life demands of us. The call is the same, generation after generation. The necessity to view “the life of Judaism as an inspiration” – and what means we need to take to achieve that — is up to each one of us. It's our sacred duty, for ourselves and for our families.
—
[1] Hirsch, Samson Raphael. “TIshri IV.” The Jewish Year: The Collected Writings Volume I. New York: Feldheim Publishers, 97-98.
This article appeared in The Chicago Jewish Home, volume 1, #4.
The oil industry has gone through the full grieving process for the Gulf oil disaster–from denial (this is something that could only happen to BP) to acceptance (creation of an industry-wide deepwater rapid response plan). But shareholders are still concerned for the overall safety of the sector, which is why 58 investors representing $2.5 trillion in assets banded together recently to demand improved disclosure of oil disaster response plans.
The investors, led by Ceres and the Investor Network on Climate Risk, made their demands to CEOs of 27 oil and gas companies and 26 insurance companies in a form letter (PDF). The letter explains:
It is important for all companies involved in subsea deepwater drilling to be open and transparent with investors and stakeholders at this crucial historic moment. We write to request additional information on the measures and programs Apache has in place for managing risks associated with its offshore oil and gas operations, as well as any changes the company plans to make in its risk management framework as a result of the BP Gulf of Mexico spill.
Demands include detailed information on contractor selection and oversight, whistleblower complaint policies, disaster contingency plans, and lessons learned from the BP Gulf blowout. And if oil companies don't want to lose the trust of major investors like the California State Treasurer, the New York State Comptroller, and the Florida State Board of Administration, they had better comply.
Pennsylvania State Treasurer Rob McCord explained the situation facing many investors in a recent press release:
“The Deepwater Horizon disaster was a game-changer for shareholders. It demonstrated the
catastrophic consequences that can result when firms fail to provide
essential risk assessment…Would I invest in an offshore drilling company if its disclosure
statement revealed that its ‘rapid response' to a catastrophic oil
spill involved the unproven technique of stuffing golf balls, hair
clippings and shredded tires down a well? Probably not.”
It can't be said that anything truly good came out of the Gulf disaster, but at least we can be assured that oil company shareholders are finally paying attention to what the BPs and Exxons of the world are risking with deepwater drilling. And while the federal government may not be able to tame the oil companies, the collective demands of companies representing trillions of dollars in assets probably can.
Ariel Schwartz can be reached on Twitter or by email.
Fed officials have largely viewed the energy-driven weakness in inflation as transitory. But with retail sales and average hourly earnings, another crucial inflation measure, falling in December, some policymakers might question that view.
The Federal Reserve has kept its short-term interest rate near zero since December 2008. Inflation is running below the bank's 2 percent target. Analysts have said they expect consumer inflation data on Friday to show that price pressures remained muted in December.
In a separate report, the Labor Department said initial claims for state unemployment benefits rose by 19,000 to a seasonally adjusted 316,000 for the week to Jan. 10.
Economists, who had forecast claims falling to 291,000 last week, said the data had been distorted by difficulties adjusting it for seasonal fluctuations. Seasonal quirks also have been blamed for the weak retail sales and wage growth in December.
“Seasonal adjustments become particularly difficult around year-end. We expect claims to resume their downward trend in the coming weeks and reflect broader improvement in labor markets,” said Jesse Hurwitz, an economist at Barclays in New York.
They let me use an expired free drink coupon at Starbucks this morning, so I tried their new Salted Caramel Mocha...meh
If there's one thing that unites radically individualistic Millennials, it's their love of coffee. Not only are they "very emotional" and snobby about it, but Millennials are currently drinking the world's coffee supply dry.
And if you're thinking there might be a link between this copious coffee consumption and notoriously bad Millennial money-saving habits, survey says... "You're right!"
According to a recent SurveyMonkey report undertaken on behalf of investing app Acorns, almost half of Millennials have spent more money on coffee than on retirement investing.
Named "Money Matters," the survey, which looked at the spending habits of more than 1,900 Millennials (18 to 35 years old), broke down their results into various categories, including gender. Turns out that young women are particularly frivolous.
"A staggering 44 percent of female Millennials aged 18-35 spent more on their morning fix than they did putting money aside this year," Acorns told MUNCHIES. "What's more is that this number is almost 10 percent higher than the number of Millennial males with the same habit in the same time frame. This evens out to about 41 percent of all users surveyed."
Considering that coffee is one of the cheapest pleasures in life, that's a lot of flat whites and cold brews. That's not good news for a generation which prides itself on independence, because it means that they are just delaying the inevitable saving they will have to do if they ever want to retire. That, by extension could significantly drive up the average retirement age of an entire generation.
This was also corroborated by the research, which found that 41 percent of older Millennials, age 24 to 35, predict that they won't be "financially secure enough to retire until they are older than 65." Yikes.
READ MORE: Millennials Are Spending an Embarrassing Amount on Brunch and Takeaway Pizza
But why would an investment app company be interested in coffee consumption? Well, clearly, Acorns is using coffee as a way to woo potential users. They describe themselves as "a convenient and fun option for someone looking to add small dollar amounts to their investing portfolio on a regular basis."
That means rounding up every purchase to the nearest dollar and putting those few cents into an investment fund. "That 40 cents leftover from each $1.60 americano you grab at the local coffee shop? Have it dropped directly into your Acorns account."
So while Acorns is rightfully ringing the alarm bell on excessive coffee consumption, they, too, are benefiting from the sale of the world's cheapest and most popular psychoactive drug.
Screenshot/Fox News People "loved" a viral Cinco de Mayo-themed tweet sent out by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, the mogul said Friday.
"I had 59,000 retweets, 59,000 in a short time," they told "Fox & Friends" Friday morning. "That's almost got to be some kind of record. People loved it."
On Thursday afternoon, the Manhattan billionaire tweeted out a photo of the taco bowl they were enjoying for Cinco de Mayo.
"I love Hispanics!" they added in the tweet.
The tweet, which has surpassed 72,000 retweets as of Friday morning, is far from a record for the social-media platform. But it appears to be one of Trump's all-time most popular tweets.
Trump also opined in the tweet: "The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill."
"And you know what, I mean I'm going to do great with the Hispanics," Trump said on Fox & Friends.
Asked about the tweet at a Playbook breakfast Friday morning, Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus said of Trump: "He's trying."
Watch the clip from Trump's interview below:
Indeed, symptom-based diagnosis, once common in other areas of medicine, has been largely replaced in the past half century as we have understood that symptoms alone rarely indicate the best choice of treatment.
Patients with mental disorders deserve better.
The National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) is distancing itself from the the American Psychiatric Association and its upcoming Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5).While they acknowledge that the goal of DSM "is to provide a common language for describing psychopathology" they are no longer convinced that approach has value if we are going to solve 21st century cognitive science problems. It is, paraphrasing the statement of Thomas R. Insel, M.D., Director of the National Institute of Mental Health, more of a dictionary than a manual. They use the term "Bible" instead of 'manual' but I would have used 'glossary' rather than 'dictionary'.Insel pulls no punches in their statement on why they are not going to fund things based on DSM criteria any more "The weakness is its lack of validity. Unlike our definitions of ischemic heart disease, lymphoma, or AIDS, the DSM diagnoses are based on a consensus about clusters of clinical symptoms, not any objective laboratory measure."This is a charge leveled at psychology as well, and the field in general, but psychiatry takes the biggest hits, because they are supposed to be the most evidence-based. Unlike psychology, psychiatrists have to be M.D.s first. Writing in The New Yorker, Gary Greenberg tries to tackle why cognitive science hasn't kept pace with medicine, much less the physical and life and earth sciences, writing rather nicely that "it's not entirely clear that psychiatrists want a solution to the problem."Insel is more blunt. "DSM diagnoses are based on a consensus about clusters of clinical symptoms, not any objective laboratory measure. In the rest of medicine, this would be equivalent to creating diagnostic systems based on the nature of chest pain or the quality of fever."Basically, they say DSM is stuck in the past.NIMH is leaving the past behind. In the past, Insel notes, they would reject a biomarker that did not match a DSM category. Now they instead want to collect how all data - genetic, imaging, physiologic and cognitive - cluster, and not just how symptoms do. They call it the Research Domain Criteria (RDoC) project."That is why NIMH will be re-orienting its research away from DSM categories.," they wrote, and that means funding applicants are going to have to adjust to the 21st century.The APA may be outraged, and certainly some DSM-5 defenders, but I predict people in cognitive science who want to really do science and get NIMH funding are relieved that they are not going to have to cater to a document everyone seems to know was always flawed.Read Insel's whole statement, Transforming Diagnosis , and have hope for the future.
The year: 1993. The setting: the interior of a black Honda Accord sedan. Two young girls, ages 5 and 8, sit quietly in the back, tap-tapping away at a pair of twin Nintendo Game Boys, utterly shut off to the world outside them. These two girls were my older sister and me; looking back on my childhood, most of my oldest (and certainly all of my fondest) memories indulged my lifelong penchant for the virtual world.
As I grew up in Westerville in the 1990s, video games were just a kid thing—belonging to no gender and excluding nobody—and every child played without questioning. You'd be hard-pressed to find a household that did not have an SNES console, or barring that, a PSX or Sega Genesis. Every day at recess my friends and I, a curious but normal (if nerdy) mix of both boys and girls, would meet on the playground, swapping stories of the levels we'd reached the night before and the Pokémon we'd caught on the bus that morning on our Game Boys. The bell would sound, and we'd be ushered back inside for computer class, where we'd be met by Mario (of Super Mario Bros. fame) as they jumped and tumbled and led us through Mario Teaches Typing. As a child, video games saw no gender.
That is until middle school, where a peculiar scenario awaited. It seemed that from the first day of sixth grade, just three short months after elementary school ended, there was a marked shift in attitudes.
And I didn't like it.
Suddenly, and for reasons utterly unbeknownst to my 11-year-old self, all my girlfriends—the same girls whose birthday parties the year before had featured four-player matches of Mario Kart 64 and Mario Party—had developed a sudden disdain for video games. It was as if some alien technology had swooped in and retroactively altered history, selectively removing all video game references from all the other girls' memories. Sure, they acted more or less the same toward me at school, and they certainly seemed to recall our friendship from the previous years, but there was no denying that barriers were being built, the differences slowly showing themselves every time I'd ask if they brought their Pokémon cards to school that day or if they were putting a PS2 on their birthday wish lists. Because did you hear? The next Final Fantasy game was going to be the first one in the series to come out on the next-gen console. But I was the only who cared.
Fast-forward 15 years, and you'll find a bright, confident, 20-something woman with a computer science degree on their wall and a flourishing career in the video game industry. Not to toot my own horn too much, but that young woman is me—and the gender gap in the games industry is more apparent than ever.
A recent example: I just got back from Portland, where I was hosting the sixth annual Classic Tetris World Championship (I know, I was also surprised that people in 2015 still competed at Tetris). The event itself was amazing, with only minor technical difficulties. At one point during the proceedings, I was giving out Tetris-themed swag like T-shirts and belt buckles to members of the audience who correctly answered trivia questions. The audience was a fun and boisterous group comprised mostly of—yep, men. After asking the audience which machine the first copy of Tetris was programmed on (it was the Electronika 60, in case you were wondering), I asked the young man who answered correctly what prize they wanted for participating. Theirs answer?
“Your phone number.”
While I won't deny that this was an utterly charming (if unsuccessful) tactic, I also have to point out just how improbable that scenario was had I been a man in the exact same position. And I certainly don't say this to cry gender discrimination, nor to claim that I felt harassed or threatened in any way—quite the opposite, really. I was flattered, just not interested.
When Columbus resident Jess Brohard isn't on the sticks or at the keyboard, she's behind a camera or on stage, working as a freelance event and video host, partnered Twitch streamer, and YouTube partnered content creator. In their five years in the video game industry, they have worked previously with companies like Curse, DreamHack, Ubisoft, and HyperX. You can check the rest of their stats at jessbrohard.com, and see them appear at this month's Ohio Game Developer Expo.
I merely highlight this example as a harmless version of the reality that women face in the game industry on a daily basis. Even when we're not actively being threatened, or in the situations when being a woman in gaming has worked to my advantage, there is the constant feeling of “otherness” present in many of our minds. Even when it's nobody's fault, nobody's feelings were hurt, and human nature is just displaying itself at its most basic biological level, there is a distinct difference in the way we see the industry, and the way the industry sees us.
Now, of course I could regale you with the countless times I've been told I should be in the kitchen, or had my passion, knowledge, and experience in the games industry questioned or flat-out dismissed—but there's enough toxicity in the industry without me dredging up those old stories. For now, I leave you with this: the most precious lesson I've learned over the years is to never give up on your passions. I can't tell you how many times I've wanted to give up, felt as though this industry just was not the right one for me, cried over hateful comments on the Internet, and just plain felt like I didn't fit in.
In the end, none of that matters. Unlike Princess Daisy from Super Mario Land, this princess is not in another castle—I'm exactly where I want to be, and I'm not going anywhere.
Comments
comments
Audiences weren't too keen to jump back into the world of Independence Day this past summer. Roland Emmerich‘s all-around underwhelming sequel failed to match half the success of its predecessor. The pricey sequel didn't connect with audiences, meaning we probably won't see Independence Day 3‘s intergalactic journey anytime soon. Another sequel we maybe shouldn't expect from Stonewall director Roland Emmerich? The Stargate one he's been planning a long time.
Below, learn more about why the Stargate reboot isn't happening.
Back in 2013, Emmerich announced the Stargate sequel/reboot. The director wanted to do a Stargate trilogy, which would somehow continue the story of the 1994 movie. Emmerich's original film never launched a sequel, although there were successful television shows (Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis) based on the same core concept: a mysterious portal discovered in the desert can transport humans to a distant alien world. That alien world is ultimately a letdown in the film, but there's worse company to have than Kurt Russell and James Spader in a decent enough sci-fi movie.
It's unknown if either actor would've returned for the reboot/sequel, but producer Dean Devlin told Empire it recently fell apart anyway:
It looked good for a couple of months, but now it's not looking so good. There are just a lot of things that have to fire at the same time, and there was a moment where I thought it was all firing at the same time, and then it all kind of fell apart. It's one of the reasons I prefer to work independently. Listen, I think if we did Stargate right, the fans would like it and we could do something really good. But if we screw it up, they'll reject it. As they should. But I kind of don't want to do it if I think that we'll screw it up, and that's one of the things that's holding us back.
The original Stargate was made independently, while the reboot would involve both Warner Bros. and MGM. The producer added:
You'd have several studios involved and a lot of voices and, you know, you may make something great, but you also may have something that doesn't resemble what you wanted to do. That kind of ‘collaboration' is a terrifying aspect of the whole thing.'
The last we heard about the Stargate reboot was that Independence Day: Resurgence writers, Nicolas Wright and James A. Woods, were writing it. What their script was about we don't know, but a decade ago, Devlin told IGN the sequel they first imagined in 1994 was going to take place 12 years later and follow the same group of characters. Both Devlin and Emmerich have always expressed interest in a Stargate trilogy, but it looks like they'll have to wait a while longer to try to make it happen again.
FBI personnel walk next to First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Tex., after a mass shooting Nov. 5. (Darren Abate/AP)
The Air Force acknowledged Tuesday that it failed to report at least dozens of service members charged or convicted of serious assault to a federal gun background-check database, negligence that allowed Texas church gunman Devin Kelley to purchase weapons used in killings inside a Texas church this month.
Kelley should have been barred from purchasing firearms and body armor because of their domestic-violence conviction in 2014 while serving at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico. But their crimes were not properly documented in the FBI National Crime Information Center database.
The lapse allowed Kelley to purchase a rifle and another firearm they used to kill more than two dozen churchgoers in Sutherland Springs, Tex., on Nov. 5.
Air Force spokesperson Ann Stefanek said Tuesday that the failure to follow Pentagon guidelines to report Kelley's crimes to the FBI was “not an isolated incident and similar reporting lapses occurred at other locations.”
It is unclear how many installations beyond Holloman have experienced problems with submitting criminal information to civilian authorities, they said.
The Air Force's disclosure comes the same day Joe and Claryce Holcombe, members of a family ravaged by the shooting, filed a civil damage claim against the service. They've alleged its failure to report Kelley's criminal background led to their loved ones' slayings. Their son Bryan was killed in the church, along with seven other family members that included children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren, in addition to a future great-grandchild.
[Devin Kelley's Air Force punishment exposes flaws with military justice, observers say]
The dozens of reporting failures are only a segment of 60,000 potential cases in a review ordered by Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson and Chief of Staff David L. Goldfein. A team of 30 investigators is sifting through each case and retroactively submitting incidents of crimes such as domestic violence and sexual assault that preclude offenders from purchasing firearms under a federal law meant to curb violence against spouses.
Kelley spent a year in a military brig for crushing their young stepson's skull and assaulting their wife, resulting in their bad-conduct discharge from the Air Force.
Officials point to “training and compliance” gaps, rather than proper reporting procedures, as the key problem in the submission of criminal information. Several measures were newly established to confirm that reports have been submitted, Stefanek said, such as requiring the Air Force Office of Special Investigations to print out or take a screen shot of a confirmation from the FBI database.
It will take months to complete the review, Stefanek said. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis ordered similar reviews across the military to determine whether similar problems exist among other services.
Those problems go back two decades. In 1997, an internal review found the military was “not consistently submitting criminal history data to the FBI criminal history files.” The Pentagon's inspector general review found a mostly unused notification system meant to alert federal law enforcement about crimes committed by troops that would lead to prohibition of the purchase of firearms, such as Kelley's domestic-violence convictions.
[FBI database for gun buyers missing millions of records]
The Army and Navy failed in more than 80 percent of cases to forward FBI fingerprint-card files to the bureau. The Air Force failed to send them in 38 percent of cases. The probe concluded that the services were plagued by unclear directives from the Defense Department on how and when to submit the forms. A review in 2015 found an improvement of reporting rates, with 30 percent of the Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps failing to submit fingerprint cards and final case outcome reports to the FBI. The Army was not evaluated, because of limited data, the report said.
Yet the Air Force had other opportunities to help the FBI keep guns out of the hand of Kelley. Despite the severity of their crimes, Kelley received a discharge one step below a dishonorable discharge. A dishonorable discharge would have also barred them from purchasing firearms, but a decision to try them by a jury, which military law experts say often leads to more-lenient punishments than a judge would deliver, may have contributed to their relatively light sentence.
More at Checkpoint
As advisory role grows in Afghanistan, so does risk to U.S. troops
The Pentagon struggles to provide accurate numbers for deployed troops
Pentagon tried to block independent report on child sex among Afghan forces, Senate office says
The chipmusic community has gotten the rare opportunity to watch an artist truly expand technically and stylistically in Nanode. Beginning under the alias Metatronaut, Nanode released their first full-length album ‘Waveform Warrior‘ in mid-2015, and subsequently killed the project to further their musical style. ‘Loopy‘ was released in October 2015 under Nanode, which was an excellently executed Nanoloop EP. They then transitioned towards LSDj as their instrument of choice with the release of ‘Journey‘ in 2016, and each release has become progressively more impressive. Nanode's talent can't be denied, and just when we thought nothing could top early 2017's ‘Voyager‘, ‘Void' has been announced, teased, and will be released shortly. Having had the pleasure of listening through the album early, I can assure you that the album is their best work to date.
Void by Nanode Starting off the album is ‘Nightmare (ft. Infodrive)', a phenomenal way to start off the album. Nanode makes it a note in much of their music to keep things feeling fresh – a focus on variance, if you will – and this song is no exception. A rather simple melody serves as the introduction, and it's repeated with a second voice layered an octave below it before segueing into a new theme. This is recognizable as a build to the song's ‘drop', and as Nanode's beats are often stylistically comparable to modern electronic music, mounting snares and hi-hats emphasize the end of this buildup and smoothly transition into a new section. The WAV bassline is strong here, as are the insane arpeggiations in the listener's aural background. A brief return to familiarity occurs at the 2:34 mark, where the melody played after the first drop is reintroduced in a less frantic environment, and the song builds up again. First-time listeners will be thrown for a loop on the song's slowdown and cleverly performed trap-esque second half; this is a huge departure from the first half of the song, although not unheard of. Callouts to the song's first moments occur at the end of this track, and are pitched down slightly before the seamless transition to the second song…but we're jumping a track ahead for the sake of this review.
Void by Nanode ‘Null', the third track on the album, starts off with percussion familiar to listeners of trap-styled music. Hi-hat trills are omnipresent during the song's chorus segments, in addition to setting the tone at the beginning of the track. The main theme is established within the first few seconds of the song, and several returns to this theme can be noted across octaves. A simple break segment occurs twice during the song: once at the 0:51 mark; and once more at the 2:21 mark, with a second note played above it to create a chord. The first drop in the song isn't calm by any stretch of the word, but note cuts at the end of each musical phrase add further layers of intensity and tension to an already energetic track. The second time the song's drop occurs, a new arpeggiation is added to the listener's aural background, which serves to make ‘Null' even more hype.
Void by Nanode ‘Daze (ft. knife city)' is an incredible collaboration between two extremely notable chipmusicians. Nanode and knife city combine forces to create an unstoppable banger of a track that's sure to leave its listener dazed and impressed, especially with regards to innovative compositional techniques. The song is well-structured and each phrase is uniquely crafted, hurling the listener into a new soundscape with each transition. Extremely expressive chords are present throughout the second half of the track, starting at the 2:47 mark and continuing through the second half of the song. An aggressive entrance of the WAV channel is foreshadowed by a quick buildup occurring at the 3:12 mark, and these two artists do not disappoint with regards to intensity and danceability. The song mellows out in the final moments of the track, offering the listener only a brief reprieve from their IMPOSSIBLY HORRENDOUS FATE OF ETERNAL HEADBANGING AND DANCING.
Void by Nanode The last track I'll be covering today is ‘Format'; as the album is seamless all the way through, ‘Daze' transitions perfectly into this track. This song, while significantly shorter than the rest of the tracks on the album, isn't lacking in variance nor intensity, as will be evidenced upon the first listen. For the most part, ‘Format' is a catchy, hard-hitting ‘tune that has a melody that'll be stuck in your head for the rest of eternity (I promise). At 1:04, the song returns to the familiar introduction to the song before performing a new melody; this is a well-executed change that retains the original feel of the song while launching a new layer of sound to the listener. Bass in the subsequent chorus is off the wall, and the technique remains a mystery to me; it definitely involves the WAV channel, but the sheer depth of sound coming from the channel is absolutely absurd and impressive, and calls to mind techniques utilized by IAYD.
I've managed to score an interview with the man behind the music, Sam Sher AKA Nanode, to provide a little more insight as to what went into this masterfully crafted EP. Check it out below!
________________________________________________________________________________
Aydan Scott: You've become quite the prolific artist as of late; how long did ‘Void' take to compose, from start to finish, and what went into it?
Nanode: ‘Void' was a really odd record for me to produce. Right after I finished ‘Voyager' I almost immediately started working on ‘Lost' (formerly titled ‘Grimoire'). I started getting more into IDM around that time and realized that it was the exact sound that I was aiming for. After that, it was a matter of putting the influx of ideas onto paper (or rather the tracker) and getting to work. Composing took around 5-6 months, with about 1 month of polish. The rest was a matter of finalizing artwork and mastering!
Aydan Scott: Was there a driving concept behind this album?
Nanode: The album follows a story. I tried to make the tracklist, as well as the actual content of each song, speak to a moment in that story. While I don't want to spoil it, I will say it's based out of the theme of existentialism and lost hope, and that the focus of the story is on the cover art.
Aydan Scott: How'd it feel to write a track featuring Knife City? How'd this kind of collaboration come to be?
Nanode: Luke is such a fun dude to work with. It was something we've been trying to do since I started working on ‘Voyager'. We probably finished it in about a week or two, and then I went back over it a month later for polish and ended up maxing out all the phrases and chains (came very close to running out of tables). I had been sitting on the basic melody for about 2 years or so and I thought they would be the perfect person to finish the idea with. We met in NYC for a few days, where we got massive progress, accidentally deleted half of the track, and then redid it exactly the way it was and added more. In all, it was a dream come true for me. I feel like our styles of writing are pretty similar, the only difference being that they focus more on house music while I do more trap style stuff. I think that's why we were able to make the track relatively faster than normal. One thing I can say though is that they REALLY knows what he's doing. They definitely know the manual like the back of theirs hand.
Aydan Scott: What instruments/hardware/kits did you utilize throughout this album? The percussion you utilize in your music is always incredible, and the bass by the end of ‘Format' is absolutely sick.
Nanode: In terms of the hardware, I was running a GBA SP because nothing else can really run my saves except a GBC or BGB. I didn't use any external hardware with the exception of my mic to record the vocal sample in Format. What you hear is what you get. A lot of channel economy is utilized throughout, and that's really what stems from a lot of the sound design. Most of the kits I used were created by Guérin. I don't want to give away the secret sauce though ;)
Aydan Scott: With regards to album formatting – what prompted you to use seamless transitions between the tracks?
Nanode: I realized that like 3 of the songs were in the same key so I thought ‘eh, why not'. The main challenge for me was trying to see if I could make it seamless while still having the tracks sound good on their own, and I think I did a pretty good job with that. I feel like the only track that might be iffy on that front is probably ‘Nightmare', though I think that was the best I could've done.
Aydan Scott: What are some of your musical influences? What artists do you enjoy listening to in your spare time?
Nanode: I REALLY love artists like Isqa, Kursa, Aphex Twin, Auxcide, Mitchie M, Moe Shop, and Haywyre, just to name a few. The first 3 really inspire my style of music. I really want to develop my sound to something like that in the future. IDM is one of my favorite genres to focus on, especially since it can easily be adapted into other genres like dubstep, drum & bass, or even house.
Aydan Scott: Did you encounter any setbacks when writing ‘Void'?
Nanode: High school and moving definitely took a lot of time away from production, but probably not as much as my SFX gig for Starr Mazer DSP. That took a lot of creative juice out of me for a while. It's really rewarding to work on big projects like that, but it takes a lot out of you if you have to do a lot of things at once.
Aydan Scott: How're you holding up juggling college and music? I know this is a particular struggle for a lot of younger musicians; can you give any advice as to how you manage?
Nanode: I mean I'm going to college for music, so it hasn't impacted my creative process too much. I'm not able to really make a lot of tracks in my chiptune software since that requires a working Windows machine, and Bootcamp hates me for whatever reason when I try to use Famitracker. For now, I've been focusing on my Ableton and hi-fi production. I don't know if I can really give any advice other than ‘school comes first'. Seriously, tracks can wait, work on that essay (which I'm totally not procrastinating on right now).
Aydan Scott: ‘Void' is officially releasing VERY soon; how are you feeling knowing that what some consider (and will consider) your greatest work yet is on the horizon?
Nanode: Personally, it's a little scary for me to see the reaction. I feel like this is either going to be a really good release or it's gonna fall flat. I hope it's the former, but I've listened to it so many times that I can't tell if it's good or not anymore. I just gotta let the chips fall where they may and hope that it's good. If people love it, then I'll be happy! If not, I'll know exactly what I need to do next time to make the next release even better.
Aydan Scott: Any final thoughts you'd like to express to your fans?
Nanode: Probably this.
________________________________________________________________________________
‘Void' is available as a digital pre-order on Bandcamp for $4.04; clever, considering an item that's void cannot be ‘found', and I can wholeheartedly assure you that the price is low for quality like this. This seamless LSDj masterpiece from modern chiptune pioneer Nanode will keep you entertained for months to come, and its modern EDM overtones make this a great album to show those new to the chipscene.
Nanode
Bandcamp | Facebook | Soundcloud | Twitter
Void by Nanode
Dig this article? Then consider supporting us on Patreon!
Shadman Islam struck 13 fours during their 97 © IDI/Getty
Fifties from Shadman Islam and Litton Das, and a four-wicket haul from Mosaddek Hossain helped Bangladesh Under-19s lift the Plate Championship against New Zealand Under-19s in Abu Dhabi. Bangladesh were all out for 223 in 47 overs but they restricted New Zealand to 147 as only one of their batsmen scored more than 25.
Put in to bat, Shadman and Das put on 124 for the second wicket in 20.4 overs before Das was caught behind for a 75-ball 79. That started the fall of wickets for Bangladesh even though Shadman neared a hundred but fell short by three runs, and their middle and lower order could not capitalise on the strong start. They lost their last six wickets for 24 runs as only one more batsman reached double figures.
The Bangladesh bowlers did not allow the New Zealand batsmen to score freely, with their first three bowlers conceding 73 runs in 21 overs together. New Zealand lost early wickets and could not get any partnerships going. Mosaddek's four wickets added to their agony as they were brought down to 66 for 5 in the 22nd over, and then 112 for 9 in the 44th. An unbeaten fifty from No. 9 Brett Randell took them close to 150 but it only delayed their heavy loss.
India Under-19s ended the tournament on a high, winning the fifth place playoff against West Indies Under-19s by 46 runs in Sharjah. The victory was built on the back of a strong batting display, which included fifties from Ankush Bains, Sanju Samson and Shreyas Iyer, before the bowlers fought off an impressive century from Tagenarine Chanderpaul in the second innings.
India, having won the toss, made early inroads as Bains and Akhil Herwadkar put up 70 for the opening wicket before Herwadkar eventually fell for 27- caught off a top edge trying to sweep. West Indies fought back with two more quick wickets- Vijay Zol for 30 and Bains for 74, but Iyer and Samson helped India claw back the advantage by putting up 124 for the fourth wicket.
Iyer was the more aggressive of the two and bought up their fifty with a big six over long-on that landed in the second tier. They ultimately fell for a 45-ball 66 in the 41st over, and exactly one over later, Samson was dismissed for 67 having whacked two fours and fives sixes. West Indies would've hoped for a reprieve, but Deepak Hooda added a late surge by blasting 42 off just 30 balls with two fours and sixes each, including a dilscoop and a giant hit that nearly landed out of the stadium. India finished at 340 for 8, meaning that West Indies had to hit at nearly seven an over right from the get go.
West Indies lost Shimron Hetmyer early in the chase, but Chanderpaul put up fifty-plus stands with Tristan Coleman and Nicolas Pooran to engineer a recovery. However, they could never really manage to score beyond the asking rate, as wickets at regular intervals dented their momentum. Chanderpaul scored 112 with eight fours and a six, but was trapped lbw by Zol in the final over of the innings. Chama Milind effected two dismissals while five other bowlers notched a scalp each, ensuring that West Indies were restricted to 294 for 8 from their 50 overs.
An incisive performance from Afghanistan Under-19s' bowlers, spearheaded by Sayed Shirzad and Usman Ghani, helped the team seal a five-wicket win against Sri Lanka Under-19s in the seventh place playoff in Dubai.
Shirzad and Ghani picked up three wickets each to run through a Sri Lanka line up that offered no resistance barring a 30 from Priyamal Perera and bundled the team out for 114 in 34.3 overs. Afghanistan lost three quick wickets during the chase, but Ihsanullah and Hashmatullah Shaidi steadied the innings with a 71-run association for the fourth wicket. Shaidi fell for 34, while Ihsanullah remained unbeaten on 37 to take Afghanistan home in 21.2 overs.
Luke Jongwe's half-century helped Zimbabwe Under-19s defeat United Arab Emirates Under-19s by 84 runs in the 11th place playoff in Abu Dhabi.
Zimbabwe, batting first, lost five wickets inside 20 overs, but Jongwe counterattacked by blasting seven fours and a six during their 84, and combined with Shoun Handirisi for a fifth-wicket association that yielded 77 runs, eventually taking the team to 205.
The hosts never really got going in their chase, as Herbert Chikomba and Kieran Geyle shared six wickets between them to wreck UAE's top and middle order. Only Rohit Singh (30) and Shivank Vijayakumar (24) offered some resistance, as the team could only make 121 for 9 from their 50 overs.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
I have written many times about what I consider to be the most horrific yet illuminating, aspect of Donald Trump's character: their enthusiastic endorsement — actually, their self-professed love — of torture. They use the word freely, without any sense that there's a moral or legal taboo against it and without any idea that what he's saying is an anathema to decent people everywhere.
But as much as Trump has normalized the word, they aren't the one most responsible for reviving this primitive form of violence as a method of interrogation. That honor belongs to members of the last Republican administration. And they didn't just talk about it; they actually did it.
Advertisement:
If you're unfamiliar with the details of that awful chapter, the executive summary of the classified Senate torture report will fill you in or you could read investigative journalist Jane Mayer's book, "The Dark Side: The Inside Story of How the War on Terror Turned Into a War on American Ideals." There were many torturers and enablers of torture including, shockingly a woman closely associated with the program, Gina Haspel, whom Trump has named to be second-in-command at the CIA.
But nobody is more notoriously connected to the Bush administration's torture program than John Yoo, who was head of the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Council. Yoo is a Washington lawyer who sat behind a desk; they never tortured anyone. But it's safe to say they couldn't have done it without him.
Yoo was responsible for the famous memo, later repudiated, that said violence against prisoners must create pain equivalent to organ failure to be considered torture and that the Geneva Conventions were "quaint." Their opinion made it possible for the people who carried out the torture program to claim immunity since they were operating under a legal finding of the Department of Justice. It was a nice "get out of jail free" card that was never really tested in court. When the Obama administration shut down the program, it decided to not prosecute anyone. Some legal scholars believe Yoo themselves remains liable for war crimes even today.
Yoo is most famous for their enthusiastic willingness to find ways to legalize uncivilized behavior, but it's important to recall that the justification for their opinions was based upon a constitutional theory called the unitary executive theory. This essentially holds that during wartime a president can exercise virtually unlimited authority, which can be checked by Congress only by using the "power of the purse." Since the "war on terror" was a unique construct that could not possibly have a definitive end, that meant the president was to have nearly dictatorial power for the foreseeable future. Among other things, according to Yoo, the president could suspend the Posse Comitatus Act, which forbids the government to deploy the military for domestic police actions, and the Fourth Amendment, which prevents unreasonable searches and seizures, by holding that they don't apply to domestic military operations undertaken during a “war on terror.”
Yoo was very popular with Dick Cheney, who heavily promoted the view that the executive branch is empowered to pretty much do anything in the name of national security. This is often referred to as the "One Percent Doctrine," in reference to a comment made by Cheney shortly after 9/11:
If there's a 1 percent chance that Pakistani scientists are helping al-Qaida build or develop a nuclear weapon, we have to treat it as a certainty in terms of our response. It's not about our analysis. . . . It's about our response.
Donald Trump doesn't have the vocabulary or the brains of Dick Cheney, but their theory about refugees is similar, isn't it? Refugees and immigrants from the countries he's chosen for their ban do not present a plausible threat of terrorism. But Trump believes that if there's even a 1 percent chance that even one of them could be a terrorist, they all must be kept out. At least Cheney had the intellectual wherewithal to frame their argument about the possibility of loose nukes. Trump thinks an emotionally disturbed Muslim man with a machete is a bigger threat than 30,000 preventable deaths by gunfire every year.
Advertisement:
There's no way that Trump has ever heard of John Yoo or the unitary executive theory, even though they are running their administration under that theory. He's operating solely by their playground bully instinct, which reveals just how unsophisticated the unitary executive theory really is in practice.
The best example of Trump's crude deployment of bullying is their insistence that they have no obligation to divest themselves of their business holdings and, in fact, intends to continue to benefit from them while he's in office. This high-handed dismissal of the obvious conflicts of interest and inherent corruption is based upon what they say over and over again is the legal opinion of their White House counsel: "The president cannot have a conflict of interest," as if that means it's impossible for them to be corrupt. That goes beyond the unitary executive theory to the idea of a king who believes he's been ordained by God.
Trump's first two weeks have been spent doing nothing but signing executive orders. While all presidents use them, the power Trump believes is vested in these orders is unprecedented. And some of them, in particular their ban on immigration from certain Muslim countries, may be leading them toward a constitutional crisis, at least if their comments and tweets are any clue as to their intentions. They apparently believe the judicial branch should not be allowed to second-guess their decisions if they conflict with the law or the Constitution. Even Yoo didn't go that far.
In fact, Yoo wrote an op-ed in The New York Times on Monday expressing "grave concerns about Mr. Trump's use of executive power." They suggested that the travel ban was ill-conceived, the order for a border wall exceeded presidential authority, the slapping of tariffs on Mexican goods is unconstitutional and the ad hominem attacks against former acting attorney general Sally Yates "suggest a misconception of the president's authority of removal." When Yoo has grave concerns about the use of executive power, you know something very bad is happening.
Advertisement:
Unfortunately, while Trump may not know or care about the legal precedents behind their actions, their lawyers surely do, and you can be sure they'll be citing Yoo's work on the unitary executive theory. No one could have predicted that Trump, of all people, would become president, but that's exactly why the cumbersome checks and balances were put in place to begin with. You just never know who's going to land in that office, or how they will want to use that power once it's unleashed. If Trump gets away with this power grab, Yoo will have only themselves to blame.
There was a lot of talk about Libya last week, because Mitt Romney didn't know when to shut up about dead Americans, including Chris Stevens, a good man who was our ambassador there.
Somehow, in a terrible moment like that, Romney was boneheaded enough to hand political advantage over to the other side, despite the fact that the President went ahead with a scheduled campaign stop in Las Vegas the next day, as if delaying their appearance by an hour was a suitable mourning period.
But it is not just Libya. It is everything that has happened lately as Romney and the amateurs around them continue to run one of the worst campaigns of recent memory, even against one of the worst economies any sitting President has ever tried to defend.
The people around Romney don't just look like amateurs, they look like clowns sometimes. Romney was never going to be a great candidate; they don't have it in him, they too often comes across like some stiff poster boy for all the one-percenters who want them elected. But you thought they would do better than this, with the whole thing sitting right there for him, because of this President's record on the economy and on jobs. Only Mitt Romney has taken an election that should have been theirs to win and made it something for Barack Obama to lose.
There is a wonderful line out of baseball that covers this, from Orioles manager Buck Showalter, one about “how not everybody knows how to play a winning hand.”
Romney isn't as bad a candidate as John McCain was four years ago, and not just because McCain thought Sarah Palin was some kind of inspired choice as a running mate. John McCain had the economy crash on them and then let Obama take the fight right to them at that moment and get enough of the country to believe it was McCain who had been running the country for eight years, and not George W. Bush.
On top of that, McCain started to run out of money, going against an Obama campaign that spent like the Yankees to the end.
Money was never going to be an issue for Romney, who eventually out-slugged all comers during the primary campaign, one front-runner after another, with their wallet. No, the issue for Romney IS their campaign, the way he's making such a mess of what could have been, and maybe should have been, their own winning hand.
You see that an old pro like Ed Gillespie is a “senior adviser” to the Romney campaign. Only, the way things are going, Gillespie should be the only top adviser, the only voice in the room that should matter. If Romney continues to listen to some of these lightweights from Massachusetts they have brought with them to this moment and this stage, ones who seem completely out of their league going up against the Obama machine, a President with 23 million unemployed is going to end up running away with this.
There is a reason why Barack Obama tries to run on Bill Clinton's record, especially with the economy: Because they can't run on their own. Romney got this nomination because they were always the best the Republicans had, because the others in the primary process — Rick Perry and Herman Cain, Michele Bachmann and the rest — looked like they were piling out of a clown car. But now they are in there against Obama's guys, who somehow managed to run against Bush and not McCain in 2008, and, in 2012, try to act as if the last four years never happened.
Craig Warga/New York Daily News
Romney has stumbled around the ring all summer, from the time they decided not to release their tax returns. Then they stood back and let shameless self-promoters like Chris Christie and Paul Ryan and Marco Rubio act as if they were almost as much of a prop at the Republican convention as Clint Eastwood's chair. “Beating an incumbent is never easy,” Romney told ABC's George Stephanopoulos Sunday.
AP Photo
But Romney is making it too easy. The first thing they need to do is make an important foreign policy speech, somehow articulate a plan for the Middle East a lot better than he's explained their plan to create jobs, at least so far.
Tyson Trish
What is a nightmare economy for too many Americans, ought to be a dream economy for a candidate trying to beat an incumbent. Only Romney, when he's not shooting off their mouth, keeps shooting themselves in the foot. They keep telling the country what a crackerjack business person they are, but how does anybody believe them when they can't manage the business of running for President?
There are still 50 days to go. But as another manager, the great Yogi Berra, always said: It sure gets late early around here. Even the guys running Romney's campaign ought to be able to understand a concept like that.
VIDEO: MORE ON MITT ROMNEY
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
“You're lying to me! You're lying to me!” “Yes, I know! But hear me out!” – Hollywood agents' conversation
True story. A friend of mine, years ago, wrote a musical that did very well indeed, largely due to the ability of their friend, the producer, to hustle support and find money. Spending 18 hours a day getting the show right, the writer barely paid attention to the financial arrangements – until the evening celebrating the 200th night of the show, when everyone turned up to a gala celebration at a hotel, to find the hotel closed, the office locked and the bank accounts cleaned out. By now, the producer was in New York, out of reach. When they came back six years later, they and the writer met in the street, and the producer uttered those immortal words: “I've got backers. Working on anything good?” And now they're working together again, albeit with the writer a little more circumspect.
Why do that? Because there was a deal there. It was about what could happen in the future, and they were deal-makers. For musicals, read property, mining, media, you name it. Deal-makers, who live in the commercial world, see the deal as what they do. As all they do. And though you may learn from past rip-offs, the mere fact of it will not stop you dealing again. Each deal is like Leibniz's monad, the basic unit of the universe, independent in space and time.
Which brings us, of course, to Clive Palmer, the man who was more or less prime minister for a week a month ago when Slow Joe Hockey was on holiday, and Tony Abbott had done what they always do in a crisis – run away, in this case to pose with the Japanese PM. For the commentariat, Palmer was more or less inexplicable – erratic, bumptious, contradictory, focused solely on their own publicity, a rube. Yet somehow, by the end of this sitting fortnight, the only two major multipart pieces of legislation – the carbon tax repeal omnibus and the Future of Financial Advice (FOFA) regulation bill – had gone through in the form they wanted. The Palmer United Party had created an image of itself as at the very centre of the balance of power, and Palmer was seen as both the bloke who killed the carbon tax and the one who had saved the Clean Energy Finance Corporation. God knows what would happen if they are, in the assessment of the political elite, competent.
How have so many smart people managed to get this so wrong, from top to bottom? From the Coalition who didn't start talking to them until a week before the senate sat, to the commentators who never saw their back-and-forth moves coming? The answer is that Palmer brings a deal-maker's mind to the business of politics, and the two major parties, for all their self-flattery about being Machiavellian realists and so on, don't. They're increasingly composed of people who have come into the business from university, are intent on spending their life there, and build up alliances, networks and obligations slowly over many years. Governments come and go and all that changes is the side of the chamber you sit on.
Palmer comes from a world where you start buying a mine in the morning and by the end of the day you're swapping a meatworks for part of a shipping line. The deal is fluid, and packages a series of concrete things in an abstract form, which is the deal itself. Every mobile phone sales rep in every shopping mall booth understands what Palmer is doing better than the people they and their party are dealing with in the senate. The object is not merely to get what you want, but to keep your opponent constantly off-balance, to have them on the floor weeping by the end of the process. Given the demeanour of some of the Coalition as the carbon tax repeal went through, you would have to say it was a resounding tactical success.
Having tried to read too much into Palmer's strategic and tactical moves, the parliamentary establishment spent too little time thinking about what they really wanted. The simple argument was that the sum total of Palmer's motivation was a vendetta against Campbell Newman after a falling out within the Queensland Liberal National Party, and that their means was an anti-political populism. But is anyone so really, wholly, driven by vendettas that they embark on the creation of a whole political party? Or is it more the case that such a motive acts as a spark to fire reserve engines into life? Taking that idea as plausible, it's worth considering the possibility that the content of Palmer's ideas is more than a pretext.
The fact is, nothing in Clive Palmer's broader political position seems contradictory. They never made any secret of wanting to repeal the carbon and mining taxes, but they also made it clear that they wanted a more humane asylum seeker regime than the one proposed by the Coalition at the election. That they have suddenly become an opponent of many of the government's proposed budget cuts was not forecast, because none of the budget cuts had themselves been forecast, due to Abbott's explicit contrary promises to the electorate.
Palmer's subsequent position – that the deficit and debt are low by global standards, money is cheap for a AAA-rating country, and nothing warrants the unfairness and cruelty of the proposed changes – is perfectly consistent with a centre-right Menzies liberalism. Nothing in their LNP past contradicts this, since no Australian government has ever proposed a budget as neoliberal and contrary to the notion of the fair go as this one. A glance at Palmer's life – a youth not without its hippie elements, followed by wild success in real estate sales, launching them into the life of the deal – gives one an idea of the man's complexity. Their obsession with JFK and centrist progressive liberal ideals of the postwar era seems long lasting and genuine.
There appears to be no reason to suppose that their insistence on retaining the social provisions that were attached to the mining tax – superannuation reform and the schoolkids bonus, among others – has the dual aim of cleaving to a certain politics, while putting the Abbott government in a very difficult position indeed. But nor is there any doubt that Palmer will do a deal on that, without the slightest compunction about guarantees he's given prior. Indeed, they may package up their demands in a whole new way, while the Coalition tries to catch up. For a deal-maker, the deal is the only thing that's real – the rest is mere words around it.
The parliamentary establishment has confused themselves by labelling Palmer's policies populist. They ain't. It was clear from the somewhat bemused reaction of many of the Fairfax voters who attended their dinosaurs'n'Elvis weekend of political talks at Coolum – Chairman Clive's Yunnan redoubt – that their relaxed attitude to the deficit and their demand for a less sadistic refugee policy does not go down well with many of their past or potential future voters. They are much more favourable to the idea the debt needs reining in, these dole bludgers, etc.
Populists, by definition, don't talk back to their populace, which is what Palmer appears to be doing. Their support in Fairfax was personal, and in the senate was a product of the Hare-Clark system and a residual anti-political vote. They have little in common with the Queensland populist tradition they have been identified with. The parliamentary party–media establishment have become so inherently neoliberal, and so elitist in their view of the split between policymakers and the general public, that they can't see the PUP position for what it is – a version of the middle-run, economically nationalist, “fair go” and “mateship” version of politics, which has been at the centre of Australian life since the formation of the Labo(u)r party in the 1890s.
In sticking to it, Palmer has staked out a position to the left of Labor and, unlike Bill Shorten, they have a pulse. It may well be the PUP that makes greater gains from the next few weeks than does an opposition that is more than half-sympathetic to Medicare co-payments and free-market tertiary education.
For Palmer and the PUP, this marks both threat and opportunity. Folks wanted the carbon tax gone, and they didn't know what the Clean Energy Finance Corporation was, so they really don't care about complex shenanigans around it. But the budget is a different matter, and any deal Palmer made would have to save a great amount of what the government proposes to cut, or face the calumny that they are “just another politician”.
If they really wants to get out in front of it, the PUP should hold a series of “bust the budget” rallies around the country to capitalise on the deep opposition that it has stirred in the public. But that would also commit Palmer to a position that they would be less able to change on the fly.
They may also play a more cautious role, one that gives them scope to make a series of deals over the next weeks, until the budget measures are sorted out in the spring session.
Whatever it is, it won't be Australian politics as usual. To a party political system that, since 1944, has become an ossified quasi-state apparatus, Palmer and the PUP have brought the instant, mercurial, chaotic, dialectical qualities that people elsewhere recognise as the essence of politics. The old parliamentary hands chuckled at the crossbenches' ham-fisted control of parliamentary process this past fortnight; they haven't yet realised that it is they who are still learning the score. At the end of the last parliamentary session, tired old grandees were reassuring themselves that Palmer couldn't keep up this sort of pace.
Keep it up? This is all they do. This is all they have done for the past 40 years. This show is going to run and run.
Munster ran in six tries in consolidating their place at the top of the Guinness PRO12 table, defeating Newport Gwent Dragons 45-17 in front of a capacity crowd at Irish Independent Park – Munster's seventh sell-out of the current season.
Tyler Bleyendaal and Doran Jones traded penalties before Jaco Taute crossed for their first try in Cork, doing so with 13 minutes played and bringing the vocal Irish Independent Park faithful into the game. They were given even more reason to cheer when Bleyendaal turned defence into attack in a move that Andrew Conway finished off sublimely with a quarter played. Taute then secured their brace before the half hour mark as Munster demonstrated a real clinical edge in attack. A Rhys Buckley try late in the half looked to keep Dragons in touch but a penalty try for Munster on 40 minutes left them with an even steeper mountain to climb – Munster leading 31-10
Darren O'Shea saw the sin bin on 55 minutes for a no-arms tackle and Dragons took advantage, piling numbers into the maul for Elliot Dee to touch down. But Munster's reply was swift through Dave Kilcoyne and from there the game was never in doubt. Ronan O'Mahony continued their welcome habit of scoring tries for fun in Irish Independent Park and added further gloss to the scoreboard with Munster's sixth in the final minute.
Applying all the early pressure, Munster threatened the Dragons on no less than three occasions before the first penalty came their way – Bleyendaal got things up and running on the scoreboard. It was a sign of things to come from the playmaker whose kicking was on-point all night, both from hand and off the tee, kicking seven from seven.
It was all too easy for Dragons soon after however, Tyler Morgan dancing through the Munster defence and into the 22 where last ditch defence would see Munster infringe and allow Jones level affairs on eleven minutes.
Looking threating from the off, Erasmus' men soon delivered on their promise, pummelling through the phases from right to left – Rhys Marshall making a couple of standout carries – before taking advantage of numbers left and there was no stopping Jaco Taute as they powered through the gap. Bleyendaal made it a full seven point return.
The pick of the tries came on 20 minutes, Bleyendaal intercepting inside the Munster 22 and oozing class with a perfectly weighted kick downfield where it was a footrace between Jones and Andrew Conway, the latter winning and dotting down for Munster's second. It was fitting that Bleyendaal slotted the extras.
Penalties we're easy to come by for Munster as they continued to apply huge pressure on Dragons, the hosts kicking to the corner each time. Making headway through the maul and subsequent phases, Taute ran another hard line at close range to the breakdown and barged over to secure their brace. Bleyendaal was again on target with the conversion.
Dragons, in danger of losing sight of Munster, rallied and crossed for through an impressive lineout maul on 36 minutes, Rhys Buckley touching down, although credit must go to Munster's valiant defence which kept the Welsh attack at bay for over ten minutes of relentless pressure along the Munster tryline.
But the province would give Dragons much to ponder in the dressing room at half time as they bagged the bonus point try on the stroke of half time. Fullback Carl Meyer was sin binned for a deliberate knock on as Munster attacked down the left flank after the in-form Rory Scannell was held up just short. With the assistance of the TMO, referee Mike Adamson deservedly awarded a penalty try and Bleyendaal added the easy two to lead 31-10 at half time.
Threaten as they might Munster failed to make the extra man count upon the resumption and instead it was Dragons who made the most of numerical advantage when Darren O'Shea saw yellow. Like before, the victors were clinical through the maul, this time replacement hooker Elloit Dee scoring with Jones converting.
Comeback on? Far from it as Munster immediately found themselves back in the opposition 22 and, going through the phases, Dave Kilcoyne sniped at close range – bringing their Irish Independent Park try tally to three for the season to date after scoring a brace against Ospreys in November. Bleyendaal bisected the posts with the touchline conversion.
Sevens speedster Dan Goggin produced sensational stepping down the right wing, only to be called back for a foot in touch after they crossed the whitewash, but Ronan O'Mahony did produce the icing on the cake in the final play, speeding through the tiring defence for yet another try in Irish Independent Park and their seventh of the current PRO12 campaign.
Guinness PRO12 round 14 round up. The win sees Munster remain top of the Guinness PRO12 table, just two points clear of Ospreys who they face in Wales next Saturday at 5.15pm.
On the week of their 23rd birthday, excellent work around the park and at the breakdown saw Jack O'Donoghue named man of the match.
On the injury front, Erasmus conformed that Andrew Conway and Dave Foley were both removed for Head Injury Assessments while Jean Kleyn is to be assessed further for a knock to their neck.
Darren Sweetnam made their return from a knee injury sustained in the win over Leinster on St Stephen's Day, while from the academy ranks, Dan Goggin, Conor Oliver and Brian Scott all saw game time this evening.
On the club front, Young Munster's Abrie Griesel made their second senior appearance for the province.
Munster: Andrew Conway (Goggin 32); Darren Sweetnam (Saili 55), Jaco Taute (Griesel 73), Rory Scannell, Ronan O'Mahony; Tyler Bleyendaal – capt., Duncan Williams; Dave Kilcoyne, Rhys Marshall, Stephen Archer (Scott 56); Jean Kleyn (Oliver HT), Dave Foley (O'Shea 24); Dave O'Callaghan, Tommy O'Donnell, Jack O'Donoghue.
Replacements: Kevin O'Byrne, Peter McCabe, Brian Scott, Darren O'Shea, Conor Oliver, Abrie Griesel, Francis Saili, Dan Goggin.
Afterwards MunsterRugby.ie spoke exclusively to captain Tyler Bleyendaal…
Next Home Game
Munster return to Thomond Park to play Scarlets in the Guinness PRO12 on Friday February 24th at 7.35pm.
Start your weekend cheering on Munster under Friday-Night-Lights!
Tickets from:
Adult €;20
Junior €;7
Student €;7
Family (2 adult & 2 junior) €;40
Munster v Scarlets tickets can be purchased online here, from the Munster Rugby Ticket Offices at Irish Independent Park and Thomond Park, or by calling 061 421103.
TV makers are constantly crowing about the tricks their smart TVs can do. But one of the most popular brands has a feature that it's not advertising: Vizio's Smart TVs track your viewing habits and share it with advertisers, who can then find you on your phone and other devices.
The tracking — which Vizio calls “Smart Interactivity” — is turned on by default for the more than 10 million Smart TVs that the company has sold. Customers who want to escape it have to opt out.
How Vizio Smart TVs Track You You watch TV
Vizio tracks what you viewed
Vizio collects your IP address
Vizio works with data brokers to connect your IP address with your gender, age, income, and interests
Vizio passes this “enhanced data” to advertisers who can track all devices that have connected to your home IP address
In a statement, Vizio said customers' “non-personal identifiable information may be shared with select partners … to permit these companies to make, for example, better-informed decisions regarding content production, programming and advertising.”
Vizio's actions appear to go beyond what others are doing in the emerging interactive television industry. Vizio rivals Samsung and LG Electronics only track users' viewing habits if customers choose to turn the feature on. And unlike Vizio, they don't appear to provide the information in a form that allows advertisers to reach users on other devices.
Vizio's technology works by analyzing snippets of the shows you're watching, whether on traditional television or streaming Internet services such as Netflix. Vizio determines the date, time, channel of programs — as well as whether you watched them live or recorded. The viewing patterns are then connected your IP address - the Internet address that can be used to identify every device in a home, from your TV to a phone.
IP addresses can increasingly be linked to individuals. Data broker Experian, for instance, offers a “data enrichment” service that provide “hundreds of attributes” such as age, profession and “wealth indicators” tied to a particular IP address.
Vizio recently updated its privacy policy to say it has begun providing data about customers' viewing habits to companies that “may combine this information with other information about devices associated with that IP address.” The company does not promise to encrypt IP addresses before sharing them.
Cable TV companies and video rental companies are prohibited by law from selling information about the viewing habits of their customers. However, Vizio says that those laws - the Video Privacy Protection Act and cable subscriber protections - don't apply to its business.
Vizio hopes its new tracking forays will provide a boost to the thin profit margins it earns in the competitive television manufacturing business. In an October filing for an initial public offering, Vizio touted its ability to provide “highly specific viewing behavior data on a massive scale with great accuracy.”
The company said in its filing that revenues from its viewing data business are not yet significant. But people familiar with the company said that Vizio has begun working to combine its viewing data with information about users that it gets from data broker Neustar.
Neustar declined to comment about the relationship, but said the company does not handle or distribute viewing information about Vizio users.
A spokesperson for Tapad, a company that helps identify users across their many devices, said that its contracts prevent it from sharing the name of the companies it works with.
An Experian spokesperson said, “We currently do not have a relationship with Vizio.”
The X1 Yoga is a convincing overall package. It is the combination of Lenovo's main innovation drivers, the ThinkPad X1 and Yoga. Does it earn a recommendation?
Well, that depends on what kind of device you want. If you prefer a 14-inch convertible with Yoga features that is as light as possible, the answer is definitely yes. Build quality, the integrated Wacom stylus, keyboard and mouse replacement are strengths of the X1 Yoga, just like the handy lift'n'lock mechanism, which locks the keyboard in tablet mode. The highlight of our review unit is obviously the OLED screen, a feature where Lenovo is currently without competition within the business segment. It also removes one of the biggest problems from the first review unit, because the optional IPS-WQHD display is not bad, but rather mediocre when you consider the high price of the device.
The OLED screen also has some drawbacks. The outdoor capabilities in particular are heavily affected by the glossy display surface, and the luminance is not sufficient to compensate annoying reflections. The OLED panel also adds to the battery problems of the X1 Yoga a bit, which was already criticized in our first review. The biggest issue, however, is the price: Starting at 2,500 Euros (~$2750 or 2,000 Euros/~$2200 for students), Lenovo charges a steep additional price for the OLED panel. This might be a decisive factor and prevent the OLED configuration from becoming a real success.
The X1 Yoga with the OLED panel might mark the dawn of a new golden era for display enthusiasts. The X1 Yoga is already an expensive device and does not get cheaper with the OLED screen, which might be the biggest drawback of the convertible.
We already mentioned there is currently no rival for the X1 Yoga OLED in the business segment. The only other announced OLED notebooks are primarily consumer devices, even though the HP Spectre x360 convertible with OLED is actually a competitor for the X1 Yoga. The Dell Alienware 13 with OLED on the other hand targets a completely different group of customers. If you do not need OLED and want a convertible with a good IPS display, the Microsoft Surface Book is a strong rival for the X1 Yoga. Thanks to its very bright screen, you can also use it outdoors, and the 3:2 aspect ratio is better for tablet operation. However, it is also much heavier than the X1 Yoga and the price is similarly high. If you just want a good and light notebook, the competition is much bigger. Suitable devices would be the Dell XPS 13 as well as the HP EliteBook 1040 G3 as business rivals, but also Lenovo's own ThinkPad X1 Carbon, which even managed a better overall score than its convertible sibling. The latter is unfortunately not available with an OLED screen.
Finally, we can have a look at the possibilities of OLED. Our review shows the technology is particularly interesting for multimedia and gaming devices. The Alienware 13 with OLED will be an interesting device in this respect. We can only hope that the X1 Yoga is only the first example of many upcoming OLED notebooks. OLED has the potential to replace LC-displays, at least in the high-end segment.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The African Union hopes .africa will create a unique online identity for the continent
Africa now has the unique web address .africa, equivalent to the more familiar .com, following its official launch by the African Union.
AU commission chairperson Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma hailed its creation as the moment when Africa "got [its] own digital identity".
The AU says the .africa domain name will "bring the continent together as an internet community".
Addresses can now reflect a company's interest in the whole of Africa.
For example, a mobile phone company could create mobile.africa to show its Africa-wide presence, or a travel company could set up travel.africa.
Icann, the body that establishes these addresses known as generic Top-Level Domains, approved the move, after lobbying by the AU.
The campaign was spearheaded by a South African company ZA Central Registry (ZACR), which will now be responsible for registering .africa names.
ZACR's boss Lucky Masilela said that .africa addresses could cost as little as $18 (£15), AFP news agency quotes them as saying, and registration will start in July.
Other domain names recently created by Icann, include .fun, .phone and .hair.
It's winter in Wisconsin, but despite the plunge in temperatures, the friction between pro-choice and anti-abortion activists heats up more each day.
The battle is being fought on multiple fronts: against Planned Parenthood, against Young Catholics for Choice (YCFC), against college students, against high school students and even against the state itself. Each new assault makes one thing abundantly clear: Pro-Life Wisconsin and their other anti-choice allies in the state are using every means they can to cut young people off from access to reproductive health care.
In recent weeks, we've been following Human Life Alliance and their Icare advertising supplements being distributed on college campuses across the country. As we noted, these advertisements carry misleading information on contraception, pregnancy, and abortion.
But staffers at some college papers are fighting back.
The Advance-Titan, the student newspaper at the University of Wisconsin at Oshkosh, said "no thanks" to carrying the misleading ad supplement. According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel:
Virginia Zignego, a spokesperson for Pro-Life Wisconsin, says the Advance-Titan's decision to reject the advertisement demonstrates its bias and amounts to censorship.
The newspaper's faculty adviser, Vince Filak, says the paper's decision was fully discussed. They call it the perfect Catch-22 because accepting the ad would have upset people, too.
Unfortunately, newspapers at four other campuses in the state have either run or plan to run the supplement which, among other things, tells rape victims they cannot heal unless they give birth to their attackers' babies.
Pro-Life Wisconsin is familiar with injecting themselves into campus issues. They're in a dispute with Young Catholics for Choice (YCFC) , a group affiliated with the national organization, Catholics for Choice. YCFC has launched a campaign to make Emergency Contraception (EC) more accessible to women at colleges and universities in Wisconsin. According to Express Milwaukee:
The group stressed that emergency contraception—or the "morning-after pill"—is not an abortion pill, because it prevents a pregnancy from occurring if taken within a 72-hour window after unprotected sex. EC does not terminate an existing pregnancy. "[Emergency contraception pills] are not effective once the process of implantation has begun, and will not cause abortion," states the World Health Organization fact sheet on emergency contraception.
Catholics for Choice and Family Planning Health Services of Wisconsin have developed a TV ad and radio ads to stress the need for women to have EC on hand just in case they need it.
"As a Catholic, I need to follow my conscience," the ad concludes.
YCFC states that its views are the same as a majority of mainstream Catholics, stating that "90% of American Catholic women have rejected the church's ban on modern contraception, and they should continue to make decisions based on their 'informed conscience.'"
That other 10% is apparently made up of the members of Pro-Life Wisconsin, and they want to make sure they are heard. A Pro-Life Wisconsin press release on the matter states:
"As a young Catholic myself, Young Catholics for Choice does not speak for me," said Virginia Zignego, communications director of Pro-Life Wisconsin. "The Catholic Church clearly opposes contraception and abortion. It is unfortunate that Catholics for Choice are using the label ‘Catholic' to push their agenda and normalize risky sexual behavior."
According to the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel, soon-to-be Milwaukee Bishop Jerome E. Listecki has also made themselves clear on the debate, stating that the YCFC are not Catholics due to their renegade stance on birth control. They do not weigh in on whether the rest of the 90% of Catholics who believe birth control is not a sin are also "disown[ing] their Catholic heritage." It comes as no surprise to learn that Listecki was one of two Wisconsin bishops in 2008 to oppose requiring hospital to provide EC to rape victims (the other bishops all remained neutral).
Pro-Life Wisconsin isn't just focused on the college campuses, but high schools as well. The easiest way to prevent pregnancy is to have accessible birth control available to those engaged in or considering having sex. Based on public health evidence, the school board in Milwaukee unanimously approved allowing nurses in high schools across the district to hand out condoms to students that request them.
The Journal-Sentinel reports that:
In proposing the program, the school district said a 2009 study found that nearly 63% of Milwaukee Public School high school students were sexually active, and that nearly one-third of those students had not used a condom the last time they had sexual intercourse.
Also cited were figures that rate Milwaukee high among U.S. cities in births to teen mothers and "particularly high" in the incidence of certain sexually transmitted diseases.
The district noted that its sex education policy takes an abstinence-based approach to reducing the risk of communicable diseases. And it says research shows that students are more likely to use condoms if they are available in schools but no more likely to be sexually active.
Of course, Pro-Life Wisconsin objects to that, as well.
"High schools should be in the business of facilitating academic excellence- NOT moral decadence. Handing out condoms in schools serves only to aggravate the problem of increased teen sexual activity by sanctioning and therefore, encouraging it. Sexual promiscuity diverts teens' attention away from their critically important school work. Such a counterintuitive and counterproductive approach harms not only the physical health of our youth, but also their emotional, psychological and spiritual health as well."
You would think that with all of this protesting, obstructing and misleading that Pro-Life Wisconsin would be too busy to do much more. But they appear to have endless energy. Their final year end assault is on a local Planned Parenthood in Wisconsin, accusing them of not providing accurate medical information to women seeking abortions. The accusation is levied by an undercover video taken as part of the Lila Rose Project Live Action. The video, which is an edited piece without a great deal of background context, is being touted as a sign that the family planning clinic is not adhering to the law in providing scientifically accurate information.
Pro-Life Wisconsin states in their press release:
"Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin is the state's number one abortion provider, both surgical and chemical. Planned Parenthood has proven they do not know, or they care to ignore, basic facts about human development," said Peggy Hamill, state director of Pro-Life Wisconsin. "Our affiliates have prayed and sidewalk counseled at this location for years, and we have seen firsthand the damage caused by this abortion facility."
The group uses the video to try and cut the clinic's funding for family planning services, such as birth control, as well as the file complaints against the center. The unspoken desire is also to scare doctors with threats of having their medical licenses revoked, in an attempt to have fewer people as practitioners. Fewer practitioners, as always, means less access for all women.
As if they weren't battling on enough fronts, the anti-choice faction has one more foe to face: the state of Wisconsin. The state legislature in November passed a new law mandating that insurers must cover birth control as part of their coverage. The move makes Wisconsin the 25th state to mandate coverage, and took effect on January 1st. But the Wisconsin Catholic Conference is demanding an exemption from the new law, citing religious freedoms. According to the Watertown Daily Times:
There was opposition from anti-abortion and Catholic groups to requiring contraceptives to be covered under health insurance policies. Opponents argued that birth control is not medically necessary and insurance companies should not be forced to pay for what is a personal decision.
The Wisconsin Catholic Conference is lobbying lawmakers to provide an exemption for religious organizations. "The law does not give adequate deference to our religious values and our religious liberties," said John Huebscher, executive director of the conference. "It would force dioceses and other Catholic organizations that buy insurance to pay for something they object to."
There is no word on whether the Conference also wants an exemption for Viagra, plastic surgery, or other "personal decision" medical interventions, nor whether they would consider allowing birth control for those who are prescribed it for medical reasons other than preventing pregnancies.
The rhetoric, tactics and debate seem to be ramping up. What will 2010 bring to the state of Wisconsin? We will be tracking it all year, and are as anxious to find out as you are.
Hockeytown, it ain't. But Los Angeles is currently home to one of the most surprising and dominant playoff runs of all time.
The eighth-seeded Kings have taken out the Western Conference's top three seeds en route to the Stanley Cup Final. But that's not even the most impressive part of their playoff run. That would be their 12-2 overall record and 8-0 road record -- almost unheard-of numbers.
Los Angeles has outscored opponents 41-22 and tied a league record by needing just 14 games to reach the finals.
The Kings have barely shown any flaws this postseason. They are strong on defense; they generate offense thanks to depth down the middle; and they dominate on the penalty kill, having scored as many shorthanded goals (5) as they've allowed power-play goals this postseason. Oh, and if you thought Henrik Lundqvist would be a tough goalie to beat, wait till Jonathan Quick straps on the pads. They sport a 1.54 GAA and .946 save percentage.
How can the Devils stop the juggernaut Kings? Give us your best ideas in the comments section below.
But a very different picture of millennials emerges from what may be the most illuminating literary project of our era, the Pew Research Center's sequence of reports on millennials. The 2010 edition, subtitled “Confident. Connected. Open to Change,” offered an X-ray of its first wave, the “roughly 50 million millennials who currently span the ages of 18 to 29.”
What Pew found was not an entitled generation but a complex and introspective one — with a far higher proportion of nonwhites than its predecessors as well as a greater number of people raised by a single parent. Its members also have weathered many large public traumas: the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, costly (and unresolved) wars, the Great Recession. Add to those the flood of images of Iraq and Katrina (and, for older millennials, Oklahoma City and Columbine) — episodes lived and relived, played and replayed, on TV and computer screens.
For a generation digitally wired from childhood, and reared on apocalyptic videos and computer-generated movie epics, not to mention the exploits of hackers, these events showed the real world to be as tightly networked, and for that reason as easily disrupted as the virtual one, even as the grown-ups in charge, the guardians of order, seemed overwhelmed and overmatched, always a step behind.
It is no surprise, as Pew reported, that the millennial generation is skeptical of institutions — political and religious — and prefers to improvise solutions to the challenges of the moment. It is one thing to own a smartphone, as so many of us do. It is quite another to have mastered its uses at age 10.
Thus, in a range of areas, millennials have not only caught up, but have jumped out in front.
Pope Francis celebrates a Mass of thanksgiving at St. Mary Major Basilica in Rome Oct. 12 during the centenary celebration of the Pontifical Oriental Institute and the Congregation for Eastern Churches. (Daniel Ibáñez/CNA)
Pope's Death Penalty Remarks Signal a New Approach to Development of Doctrine
NEWS ANALYSIS: What the Holy Father's call for revision of the Catechism means for U.S. approach to criminal justice.
J.D. Flynn/CNA
VATICAN CITY — On Wednesday, Pope Francis told a gathering in Rome that the Catechism of the Catholic Church should significantly revise its treatment of the death penalty.
It's no surprise that Francis proposed a stronger theological condemnation of capital punishment. He's criticized the practice throughout their papacy, as did their most immediate predecessors, Pope St. John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI. All three popes have pleaded for clemency when the execution of condemned prisoners is imminent, and all three have linked capital punishment to the “culture of death” and the “throwaway culture” they've criticized. All three have called for nations to abolish the death penalty.
The Church's official position on the death penalty is nuanced. The Catechism of the Catholic Church explains that the “Church does not exclude recourse to the death penalty,” assuming a criminal's guilt is sufficiently established, and only when execution seems to be the only just way of protecting public safety.
In their landmark encyclical Evangelium Vitae, issued in 1995, John Paul wrote that the punishment of criminals should focus on rehabilitation, while also ensuring the common good — public order and safety. They opposed capital punishment “except in cases of absolute necessity,” when a community would have no other means to protect itself.
Because of the resources available for modern and secure penal systems, John Paul said that, today, “such cases are very rare, if practically nonexistent.”
In fact, the Catechism was formally revised in 1997 to reflect the teaching of Evangelium Vitae.
The gist of the Church's current teaching on the death penalty is this: the state has the right to execute criminals, if there is no doubt about that the crime was grave and the offender is guilty. The state cannot justly execute a criminal if it can protect the common good and public safety equally well through nonlethal means. It is the job of the state to judge its own civil conditions and capacity for punishment, in order to determine how to apply those principles, but, when doing so, it should take seriously the moral direction of popes and bishops who have repeatedly said that the death penalty seems unnecessary in the context of developed nations.
On Wednesday, Francis proposed a strikingly different vision. They said that the death penalty “is in itself contrary to the Gospel.” For many theologians, this language, and the idea that the death penalty “in itself” is contrary to the Gospel, has evoked the theological concept of “intrinsically evil acts,” a group that includes torture, rape, lying, abortion and sexual immorality.
The distinction is important. Intrinsically evil acts are understood to be wrong in all cases, regardless of the circumstances, intention or rationale. The morality of other kinds of acts is judged, in part, by circumstances. The traditional teaching on the death penalty puts it in the latter category; the morality of a particular execution is partially determined, as the Catechism explains, by the state's ability to secure the common good in other ways.
If the Pope proposes that doctrine has developed, and that capital punishment is an intrinsically evil act, this would mean that there are no circumstances, in any time and place, in which it can be justified.
Francis' speech recognized this distinction. They explained that thinking about the death penalty in a new way is the result of the development of social doctrine.
“We are not in the presence of some contradiction with the teaching of the past,” they explained, “because the defense of the dignity of human life from the first moment of conception until natural death has always been found in the teaching of the Church.
“The harmonious development of doctrine, however, requires that we [now] leave out arguments which now appear decisively contrary to the new understanding of Christian truth,” namely, the circumstantial qualifiers which guide current moral reasoning about executions.
Francis proposes that because the Church has gradually developed a deeper understanding of human dignity, over time, we are now able to recognize that execution is always immoral.
The development of doctrine is a thorny theological concept. Theologians have already begun asking whether Francis' proposal represents a development of prior positions, or a rupture from them. This debate will be complex, likely contentious and not quickly resolved. But given increased attention to the death penalty in the last half-century, it is an important question to resolve.
Francis did not announce which Vatican offices would be responsible for the reforms they proposed. Past revisions have included the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, which is likely to take a lead role in this process. But the Holy Father has a penchant for involving voices beyond traditional structures, so consultation may include some unexpected figures.
There is an additional factor of interest for American readers. In 2014, Pope Francis said that the use of long-term solitary confinement is a kind of torture. This position is also held by many psychologists, who have noted that solitary incarnation can have a profoundly negative impact on mental health. Long-term solitary confinement is the most prominent alternative to the death penalty proffered by American corrections officials, especially for habitual unmanageable inmates.
If long-term solitary confinement is a kind of torture, and thus an intrinsically evil act, it can never be morally justified. If execution also begins to be classified as an intrinsically evil act, Catholics will have to think carefully and creatively about very different approaches to criminal justice in the United States. Spurring that thinking may be a part of what Pope Francis has in mind.
Death penalty opponents across the world have cheered Pope Francis' comments on capital punishment. But their remarks Thursday might also reveal something about the Pope's understanding of doctrine's development, a theological issue with effect on many other elements of the pontiff's teaching, including the already controversial Amoris Laetitia. That conversation will probably make fewer headlines, but for the Church, its implications could be significant.
By Rory Carroll
7 March 2015 Fresno, California (the Guardian) – Kim Hammond does not want responsibility for their neighbours' livelihoods, or for the crops which stretch in all directions as far as the eye can see, or for the earth itself in this corner of California. But these days, their little bungalow office in the yard of their family's drilling company can feel like Mount Olympus. “It's just way too stressful, playing God,” said Hammond, a grandmother who co-owns the company and works as its secretary. “Every day we have people on the phone or here in person, pleading. It breaks your heart. But I always give it to them straight. I don't sugarcoat it.” It is their job to tell farmers when – or if – a team can visit their property to drill for groundwater and make a well which can save a crop, avert bankruptcy and, perhaps, preserve a way of life. As California faces a likely fourth year of drought, demand for drilling in the Central Valley has exploded. Hammond's company, Arthur & Orum, can barely keep up: its seven rigs are working flat-out, yet a white folder with pending requests is thicker than three telephone books. The waiting list has grown to three years, leaving many farmers to contemplate parched fields and ruin in what has been one of the world's most productive agricultural regions. It supplies half of America's fruit, nuts and vegetables. “We're overwhelmed. We're going crazy,” said Hammond. “Everyone is in a desperate situation. Everyone has a sad story.” Arthur & Orum has bought an additional rig for $1.2m, and out-of-state drillers have moved into the area. But as drills criss-cross the landscape, boring ever deeper into the earth, there is a haunting fear: what if they suck up all the groundwater? What if, one day, the water runs out? “We're having to go deeper and deeper,” said Hammond. “They say we're tapping water millions of years old. That boggles the mind. I can hardly grasp it.” [more]
An employee of German arms manufacturer Armatix poses with the company's smart gun concept weapon at the International Weapons trade fair in Germany in 2010. | Getty Obama reveals push for 'smart guns' The president also announces progress on plan to put mental health records into background check system.
President Barack Obama is renewing their push to curb gun violence, outlining on Friday their plans with law enforcement and researchers to encourage the use of so-called smart gun technology and announcing that the Social Security Administration is moving forward with a plan to put its mental health records into the background check system for gun purchases.
The moves stem from President Barack Obama's executive actions to reduce gun violence in January, in the face of ongoing congressional resistance to new gun control legislation. At that time, they asked agencies to look into ways to overcome the financial and political hurdles that have for decades stymied research into personalized weapons that can be fired only by an authorized user.
Story Continued Below
“As long as we've got the technology to prevent a criminal from stealing and using your smartphone, then we should be able to prevent the wrong person from pulling a trigger on a gun,” Obama wrote on Facebook Friday.
The specifics are based on a report from Departments of Justice, Homeland Security and Defense. Obama had asked them in January to consider whether they should require the technology in future acquisitions of government firearms.
The steps announced Friday are more modest than that and appeared designed to win buy-in from law enforcement. They include meetings with law enforcement officials as agencies move toward a goal of devising baseline standards for safety and reliability for smart guns that might be used by police.
Researchers and entrepreneurs say government will have to take the lead on creating a market for smart guns, meaning cops might have to be the early adopters. One of the original rationales for smart guns was to save cops from being shot by their own weapons, stolen in a scuffle. But law enforcement officials, even those open to testing the nascent technology, say they're wary of anything that increases the risk that a gun won't fire when they need it.
So the administration is taking it slowly. DOJ and DHS will work on a set of “requirements that manufacturers would need to meet for federal, state, and municipal law enforcement agencies to consider purchasing firearms with enhanced safety technology” to be completed in October, senior adviser Valerie Jarrett wrote in a blog post on Friday. That effort will also identify agencies that would be willing to participate in a pilot program.
The announcement also included new research grants and money available to state and local law enforcement agencies that want to buy smart guns.
Advocates say that smart guns could be a key way to reduce accidental shootings, especially by children, as well as teen suicides (often committed with a parents' gun), as well as crimes with stolen guns.
“As I said in January, these commonsense steps are not going to prevent every tragedy, but what if they prevented even one?” Obama wrote.
The Social Security Administration's new proposed rule would feed information about people deemed mentally incapacitated into the federal instant background check system, blocking them from purchasing a weapon. It's open to a 60-day comment period and sure to draw controversy; gun rights groups including the National Rifle Association were already raising the alarm about the plans in January.
"President Obama's focus on denying disability beneficiaries their fundamental Second Amendment rights while giving criminals a free pass is embarrassing and shameful,” said Jennifer Baker, public affairs director for the NRA's legislative arm.
Of the president's smart gun efforts, Baker said, “At a time when we are actively fighting terrorists at home and abroad, this administration would rather focus the military's efforts on the president's gun control agenda.”
The White House will also host a 50-State Gun Violence Prevention Convening next month, according to Friday's announcement, at which local leaders will gather to talk about gun violence more broadly and how to better feed records into the instant background check system.
Gun control groups praised the White House for acting where Congress has refused to, with John Feinblatt of Everytown for Gun Safety calling it an “important first step.”
Noting that so far this year, 77 unintentional child shootings have resulted in 36 deaths and 41 injuries, Shannon Watts of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America said, “Advancing smart gun technology has the potential to help reduce them. That's an investment with returns measured in lives saved.”
But the disappointment that the administration didn't take more aggressive steps was also clear.
“There is much more that President Obama should be doing," said Rabbi Joel Mosbacher, co-chair of a coalition of clergy called the Do Not Stand Idly By campaign. Specifically, their group had urged the White House to use its leverage in a $580 million Army handgun contract currently being negotiated to push smart guns.
However, Mosbacher added, “These actions are real. They're well thought-through. And we think they will send a clear signal to gun manufacturers that the largest gun purchaser in the nation — the federal government — is in the market for smarter, safer guns.”
Do Not Stand Idly By is planning to call for smart gun investment at a shareholder meeting of the gun manufacturer Sturm, Ruger and Co.
Gun industry groups have maintained that they're not against research into smart guns, but any mandate, they say, would be unacceptable.
"We are reviewing the report," said Lawrence Keane senior vice president and general counsel of the National Shooting Sports Foundation. "We remain concerned that the administration's agenda is to politicize law enforcement purchasing and eventually a impose a mandate on the commercial market."
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development sees signs the Canadian economy is slowing in 2015, despite momentum picking up in the EU, the U.S. and Japan.
On Thursday the OECD released its composite leading indicators (CLI) for global economic activity, which anticipates turning points for national economies.
Canada's CLI – a composite of business and consumer confidence, export outlook and economic growth – is down several points from this time last year.
"The outlook is for stable growth momentum in the OECD area as a whole as well as for the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan. On the other hand, CLIs signal growth easing in China and Canada, albeit from relatively high levels," the OECD said in its report.
It has not yet revised its forecast for economic growth for Canada in 2015, which is set for an optimistic 2.2 per cent.
That contrasts with a prediction of about two per cent growth from TD Bank or 1.5 per cent from Capital Economics.
Oil price impact to filter through economy
Much of the economic pain is expected to come in the first two quarters of the year as the impact of low oil prices filters through the economy.
In addition to lowering capital investment, falling oil prices are dragging down business confidence.
In a report also released Thursday, TD Bank highlights the divergence between strong growth in the U.S. and U.K. and stability in Europe, with weakening in Canada as well as emerging economies such as China, Russia and Brazil.
Emerging economies are slowing, while advanced economies are picking up, said TD deputy chief economist Derek Burleton.
At the same time, the U.S. Federal Reserve is looking to raise rates, while the European Central Bank has eased them and other banks, including the Bank of Canada, may consider easing.
"The thing that follows from divergence is it's going to be a more volatile world financially despite the efforts of central banks," Burleton said.
Last week's acquisition of UK-based smart home platform provider AlertMe capped off a smart-home acquisition spree that includes Nest picking up Revolv in October and Samsung taking out SmartThings in August. If the last six months have shown the market anything, it's that a number of leading consumer IT giants, including Google, Samsung, and Apple, plus a utility here and there, feel they need a connected-home platform to stay competitive.
The reasons for this are complex. For hardware providers like Apple, which should launch HomeKit this spring, the reasons relate to needing to keep users' interaction with the home within the iOS ecosystem in order to maintain competitiveness in mobile. For utilities like British Gas, which picked up AlertMe, there's an opportunity to engage customers in ways never possible before, which could be important in deregulated and competitive utility markets. And for a hardware design leader like Nest, there's value in having some of the best home-networking engineers in-house since the company intends to use the Nest thermostat as a springboard on which to build a full platform that plays well with third-party devices.
Advertisement
Just a year ago the smart home market was still a startup, venture-financed one. Now it looks like a market full of players with deep pockets, global sales channels and major brands.
When I caught up with AlertMe's CEO Mary Turner the evening of the acquisition announcement, they commented that they felt the timing of the deal was right. “It was starting to get quite noisy and there were some very large players with deep pockets entering the fray. The vision [for AlertMe] was to not service one or two million homes but tens of millions of homes globally. To effectively deliver that vision, we felt we needed the firepower to get us into the next stage of development. This is no longer a market for tiny small startups.”
The question going forward is, What happens to the physical hardware hubs in the home? The answer to that question indicates how users will control the smart home. When Nest bought Revolv, it immediately discontinued the attached hardware hub Revolv had built with its seven radios. And AlertMe has always argued that the value of its service is in its software platform, which also powers the Lowe's Iris hub.
Turner and I looked to a future in which the hardware hub disappears and the “hub stack” is absorbed by another piece of hardware in the home, like a wireless router or a set-top box. Currently the smart home market isn't big enough to warrant putting additional radios into a router or set-top box, but that picture may well be different in two years. There is no shortage of Apple fans, for example, that believe the Apple TV is ripe to absorb the hub stack, and along with HomeKit, act as a control center for the home.
If consolidation of communications protocols follows the absorbing of the hub stack into a more mass-market device that's in most homes, building out the connected home will get easier and will push the connected home toward the mass market.
Whether it's Apple, Samsung, or even a utility like British Gas, there's value in being in control of the software that will control that home. Which may well explain how almost every major hub maker with a solid software platform atop which big IT players could build services got acquired in just six months.
Earlier this month, Michele Bachmann appeared on the Janet Mefferd Show (who??) and claimed that President Obama is trying to curtail freedom of speech in favor Sharia law.
[Bachmann] took to The Janet Mefferd Show to misrepresent President Obama's address to the United Nations General Assembly to claim that Obama is not only refusing to defend the freedom of speech but may be even actively backing the curtailment of speech rights in favor of Sharia law. The member of congress told Mefferd that Islamic countries may be using “riots and terrorism” to ensure that “Sharia law will dominate over our United States Constitution.” “Our president either doesn't know what's happening or he's playing along with what their goal is,” Bachmann said. “Either option is very dangerous for the free speech rights and the protection and safety of the American people.”
It gets weird when they try to tie in President Obama's nefarious plot to the war on women:
Bachmann: It was; it was ridiculous. Here we've been attacked, these were acts of war, what happened to us in Cairo, what happened to us in Libya, these were acts of war. Again, don't forget these fifty-seven Muslim governments have a ten year plan: their goal is to criminalize speech against Islam. Why? Because they intend to establish a Caliphate, an Islamic government, across the entire world so that it isn't just our speech rights that we would give up, we would have to give up all rights eventually and we would have to conform to Sharia law, the Islamic law. As women know, this would be a disaster for women, for freedom, for free speech. We're not an Islamic nation, people can believe whatever they want to believe here, but we're not an Islamic nation, we believe in freedom and I only wish our President would articulate American values. That's one thing we're getting from Mitt Romney, we are not getting it from Barack Obama. I'll say it again, I believe they are the most dangerous president we have ever had on foreign policy and for that reason alone they must not have a second term.
Them cheese long ago slipped off its cracker, wouldn't you say?
Bachmann is currently leading their opponent Jim Graves by 6 points. Will you Minnesotans please do something about this?
[via Right-Wing Watch]
The INFJ personality type can be quirky, complicated, and sometimes downright contradictory. How do you know if you're an INFJ, the rarest of the 16 Myers-Briggs personality types? If you relate to most of these 21 signs, the answer just might be yes.
Signs That You're an INFJ
1. From a young age, you felt different from the people around you.
Even if you had plenty of friends, you never felt like you truly fit in. Sometimes you faked being more like them so they would accept you. This is normal for an INFJ, because we need a sense of community and harmony with those around us.
2. You want to know what's REALLY going on in people's lives…
…not just trivial stuff like what they did this weekend or what they bought on their latest shopping trip. You want to dig deep and get at the things that no one else sees. What does the person in front of you really think? How does this person really feel? The fake facade they put up for other people don't fool you.
3. Plans?
You feel more comfortable having a loose plan for things than you do completely wing it.
4. You're social, but…
You can be both incredibly shy, quiet, and withdrawn, as well as charming, fun, and hilarious. For an INFJ, it's all about the situation, your mood, and energy levels — and most important, the people you're with.
5. How you handle problems
When someone comes to you with a problem, you usually don't give them advice or your opinion unless they ask. Instead, you ask them questions to help them better understand the situation and their own feelings about it. Sometimes you tell a story of a time when something similar happened to you, in the hope that they'll draw their own lesson. You feel like you can usually see the path they should take, but you don't want them to do it just because you told them to — you want it to be their decision. (This is why INFJs are often considered natural advice-givers and counsellors.)
6. There are limits to your introversion
You are an introvert and you like alone time, but you can't be alone for too long. Eventually you need to reunite with your people. “Your people” are a handful of good friends who truly get you. Deep conversations with these people are priceless, and hanging out with them can actually boost your energy.
7. The door slam
You've been known to suddenly cut people out of your life when they've hurt you one too many times. It's not that you enjoy cutting people out, rather, you do this simply to protect yourself. Even though you may look like you have it together on the outside, you're extremely sensitive inwardly, and you're especially sensitive to other people's words and actions.
8. You can be a people-pleaser
Sometimes you try so hard to make other people happy that you forget to make yourself happy. (This is likely one of the biggest problems you'll struggle to overcome.)
9. Empathy
You often feel like you see precisely what someone else is feeling, and you believe you know what they need deep down. You're not always right, but you tend to be more perceptive than most.
10. You have a destiny
You feel like you're destined for so much more than just dragging yourself to your 9-5 job to pay the bills. You want to help people and change the world — not just get a paycheck. The problem is you either don't know what your “glorious purpose” is, or you have an inkling, but you don't know how to achieve it.
11. Always striving
You almost always have this sinking feeling like you could be doing better with your life. This results in you constantly have secret self-improvement projects going on, like learning how to cook healthy meals, setting better boundaries, or getting better at articulating yourself. Sometimes you push yourself too hard as you attempt to achieve your “perfect” life.
12. Your defense mechanism
Sometimes you turn to people-pleasing to protect yourself. You're sensitive, so you can get really bothered when someone criticizes you or is disappointed in you. They can't criticize you if you make them happy.
13. You sense things
You often immediately sense the mood of a room when you walk into it. Likewise, you often absorb the feelings of the people around you. If they're excited, you get excited. If they're anxious, you get anxious, too. You tend to gravitate toward calm, centered people so you don't have to deal with as much emotional garbage.
14. Nothing but class
You're drawn to high-quality things, like good food, nice clothes, and anything else that has good craftsmanship. As much as you hate to admit it, the way things look is important to you. You like being surrounded by beauty, and you tend to have sophisticated, refined tastes. But you're a minimalist at heart. You'd rather have one or two really nice shirts than ten mediocre ones.
15. Your secret feelings
You care deeply about the people in your life, but they'll probably never know just how much you care, because you keep your feelings mostly to yourself. You can have trouble articulating your emotions, even though you feel them intensely. (And when our personality type falls in love with someone, we fall hard.)
16. You care… a lot
You're usually thoughtful, conscientious, and considerate. Other people who are not as conscientious can seem callous and even cruel.
17. Books, please!
You love learning, especially when it comes to psychology, self-improvement, spirituality, and certain sciences.
18. Your head is way beyond the clouds
When everyone else is gossiping, discussing celebs, or talking about other trivial things, you often find yourself thinking about outer space, time travel, human nature, the meaning of life, and other more epic topics. You rarely try to steer the conversation in that direction, though, because you don't think other people will be interested.
19. You never stop striving
You feel compelled to get things done. You often write to-do lists, and you enjoy checking things off them. If you don't have a goal to work toward, after a while, you feel lost and bored.
20. You do 6 impossible things before breakfast
When you're passionate about something, it feels like nothing can stand in your way. The INFJ motto is, “The impossible takes just a little bit longer.”
21. You didn't ask to be like this
Other people see you as wise, insightful, and almost spiritual. They often come to you for advice and emotional support. You relish your role as the “wise one,” and you like being needed. But sometimes it becomes too much. You're an introvert, for crying out loud, and sometimes you just wish everyone would solve their own problems and leave you alone for a while.
Are You an INFJ?
Some of these signs are things a lot of people will identify with, and every INFJ is going to be a little different. If you can relate to most of them, however, chances are good that you're an INFJ. Want to be 100 percent sure? There's an easy way to find out: Take this free personality assessment from Personality Hacker and see your personality type in minutes.
More INFJ Resources
This article may contain affiliate links. We only recommend products we truly believe in.
Known for its smartphone flash sales that run out in seconds, Xiaomi is taking things to the next level in India. Today, the Chinese smartphone brand is hosting a product launch event in a stadium, because it couldn't find any other venue to accommodate thousands of fans, who have registered to attend the event.
Xiaomi is launching the Redmi Note 3 in India today at Delhi's Talkatora Indoor Stadium. The company ran a contest on social media preceding the event, where fans could participate and get a chance to attend the event. Nearly 8,000 fans have registered to attend the gig.
Unlike other companies, however, Xiaomi is not covering their cost of travel and accommodation, which hints at the loyal fan following the brand has managed to garner in less than two years of launching in India. Apart from getting a chance to check out the latest gadgets from their favourite brands, the bigger draw for these fans is the opportunity to see the charismatic Hugo Barra, the global Vice President, whom Xiaomi had hired from Google.
Image: Facebook/Hugo Barra
Fans often profess their love for them by regularly leaving notes on their Facebook posts. Barra doesn't disappoint their fans and often replies to them personally not only on social media platforms but often with hand written notes. The media launch event today will be followed by a special event for fans.
This is not the first time Xiaomi is hosting a launch event with fans in attendance in India. Last year, Xiaomi hosted the global launch of the Mi 4i in Delhi's Siri Fort Auditorium, which over a thousand fans attended. Later last year, it hosted a smaller event to showcase its MIUI 7 user interface, where Barra copied Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan.
Image: Facebook/Hugo Barra
In comparison, around 8,000 fans have registered for the Redmi Note 3 launch this time, with Xiaomi promising a free gift bag for the first 1,000 attendees. "Mi cares for fans as friends and is well aware that every one of you has been asking about the launch date. We heard you. The wait is over. Mi is coming to India on March 3rd with the beast you guys desire," the company announced in a forum post in February. In January, it had also held a contest which selected 100 participants to try the Redmi Note 3 and complete a series of missions using the smartphone.
Barra is leaving no stone unturned to ensure the excitement reaches its crescendo by posting several teasers over the last couple of days, some asking fans to guess other surprises it has lined up for today apart from the Redmi Note 3.
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 was launched in China last year, but the company is now launching a new version that runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor. The 16GB version has 2GB of RAM and 4,000mAh battery and the 32GB version has 3GB of RAM and 4,050 mAh battery.
The phone has a 5.5-inch, 1080p display, along with a hybrid SIM card slot. It comes with a 16-megapixel rear camera with a LED flash, and a 5-megapixel selfie camera. It runs on Android Lollipop MIUI 7, and comes with 4G LTE support, Bluetooth, WI-Fi and GPS. The Redmi Note 3 is also the first Xiaomi phone to have a fingerprint sensor. It is expected to be priced below Rs 15,000 ($222) and likely to be sold only on Amazon India.
The launch can be watched live below.
A transgender woman is planning to sue an affiliate of beverage maker Yakult Honsha Co., claiming they were forced to divulge their gender dysphoria at work, sources said Sunday.
The woman will file a damages suit with the Nagoya District Court, demanding Aichi Yakult factory pay ¥3.3 million ($31,700), according to the sources.
The affiliate company told Kyodo News that the worker had consented to explaining their gender identity issues to their colleagues.
The worker claims they suffered depression as a result of their treatment in the factory, which produces some of Yakult's beverages.
According to the sources, the worker was diagnosed with gender identity disorder in January 2014 and adopted a female name in May that year following approval by a family court.
The worker asked the company to change their health insurance card but wished to continue using the former male name in the office. The company, however, changed the worker's name tag to the female name without consultation.
When the worker urged the company to allow them to use the women's locker room, the company forced them to come out in front of their colleagues, the sources said.
The worker was forced to announce at a morning meeting at the factory that they had received treatment for gender identity disorder three times, according to the sources.
As a result, the worker became depressed and suffered from insomnia. They were diagnosed with depression in January last year, the sources said.
The worker claims their personal rights were infringed when they were forced to divulge that they had gender dysphoria. “I want the company to create an environment in which sexual minorities can work without hesitation,” the worker said.
Millions of children worldwide grow up watching basketball and dreaming of some day being able to throw it down on a 10-foot hoop. Most will never realize this dream. They watch the NBA Dunk Contest every year with a mixture of envy and awe, hollering at every monster slam while cursing their Lilliputian genetics that they see as the root of being vertically challenged.
But there is hope in the form of trainer Brandon Todd, a former college basketball player who has developed a system specialized in getting you off the ground and above the rim.
Did we mention that Todd is 5-foot-5?
Todd calls their system "FlytRight," and they guarantee that it will lead to a 14-inch increase (at least) in the user's vertical leap upon completion. Need some proof? Look no further than Todd himself. The vertical expert started dunking at the age of 13 when they were just only 5-2, and they played against LeBron James in high school. To offer some perspective:
Nate Robinson
Height: 5-9
Vertical: 43.5 inches
Spud Webb
Height: 5-7
Vertical: 42 inches
Brandon Todd
Height: 5-5
Vertical: 44 inches
Average Adult Man
Height: 5-9
Vertical: 19.7 inches
As a self-appointed representative of the Vertically Challenged Men of America, I decided to catch up with Mr. Todd ask them the question that's on everyone's mind: What kind of steroids are you on and where can I get some?
Todd, who scored more than 1,000 points at Muskingum College in Ohio, assured us that there is no magic juice to make us average folk jump higher, but there is the potential to improve.
"The only secret to dunking," Todd says, "is having a platform that is guided to jumping higher, becoming stronger and faster, following it to the maximum intensity, and giving yourself about six to eight months."
If you're willing to put in the necessary time and effort, Todd says they guarantee results. The complete FlytRight regimen is available online, along with personalized training advice from Todd himself, for $19.99 a month while a condensed, user-friendly version of the system, minus Todd's training expertise, is available in as an app on the iTunes Store for $15.99.
Todd says the story behind these training methods stems from their own teenage obsession with jumping higher.
"I bought the programs, the jump soles, and everything that says it'll make you jump higher," Todd says, "and I stumbled upon a picture of a big, fat, huge, 1980's Russian powerlifter, and they were celebrating. They aren't even trying to jump high, they were just jumping, and their feet were at the other person's head. I thought, if he's 5-8, 360-something pounds and he's jumping 55 inches off the ground on a celebration, I'm like, what's they doing?"
From there Todd began to research Russian powerlifter's workout programs. They studied how these athletes trained their lower body, took those basic principles, and applied that to their own knowledge acquired from years of training to jump higher. That allowed them to create FlytRight. Todd immediately put their system to the test the only way they could, hitting the gym.
"I had been able to dunk for a while," Todd says, "but I would always have to choke it in a little bit… I found the picture of the Russian powerlifter on the Yahoo! search at the end of my sophomore season of college, and by the time I came back the next year, I could put my face on the backboard."
There you have it: Russian powerlifters had been holding out on us all along. Damn, Cold War.
But the FlytRight system is not just a vertical training system, as Todd is quick to point out. "It's a total body workout that will bring quickness and explosion to any sport you play," Todd says. "You'll also gain muscle, which is what I really needed to help me guard people one-on-one and drive to the basket."
The man that designed the system to take your vertical from Eddy Curry to LeBron James played against the four-time MVP back in high school. Todd faced off against James seven times, and the 5-5 guard gave us a little insight into what it was like playing against a teenage LeBron:
"He's the first player, and the only player that I've ever been around, that did whatever they wanted on the basketball court," Todd says. "We'd run zone and he'd bang in a three. We'd switch our tall guy onto them and he'd dunk on him. Then we'd double-team them and he'd find everybody open. And then it'd be halftime and we're down 40.
"I see them play now and I appreciate how much work they put into their game and how much better he's gotten."
How much better might the King's game be if they decided to use FlytRight this offseason?
"Don't even get me started," Todd jokes. "His vertical would be mid-50's, easy… If LeBron took the challenge and did my program, he'd never have to shoot a jumper again."
The average sales price of a home in Canada reached $548,517 in March, up 8.2 per cent in a year.
Most of that strength came from Greater Toronto and southern Ontario, where prices soared in the 30-per-cent range in the past year.
It didn't come from Vancouver, where the average selling price is down 9.3 per cent from a year ago, according to data from the Canadian Real Estate Association. Sales volumes dropped more than 30 per cent in the city from a year ago, when sales there were already softening.
The hottest market, not surprisingly, was in southern Ontario. Like many places surrounding Toronto, the Niagara region is seeing booming house prices as desperate Torontonians move farther afield in search of an affordable home.
Here are Canada's hottest and coldest housing markets as of March 2017.
5th hottest: Thunder Bay
Average sales price: $242,478 (up 29%)
Sales volume: Up 10.8%
4th hottest: Hamilton-Burlington
Average sales price: $607,846 (up 30.1%)
Sales volume: Up 20.8%
3rd hottest: Kitchener-Waterloo
Average sales price: $492,815 (up 32.4%)
Sales volume: Up 23%
2nd hottest: Greater Toronto
Average sales price: $916,567 (up 33.2%)
Sales volume: Up 17%
Hottest: Niagara Region
Average sales price: $403,124 (up 34.5%)
Sales volume: Up 30%
5th coldest: Regina
Average sales price: $316,341 (down 0.6%)
Sales volume: Down 3.2%
4th coldest: Quebec City
Average sales price: $256,929 (down 1%)
Sales volume: Down 8.2%
3rd coldest: Newfoundland & Labrador
Average sales price: $251,555 (down 2%)
Sales volume: Down 9%
2nd coldest: Greater Vancouver
Average sales price: $991,690 (down 9.3%)
Sales volume: Down 31.5%
Coldest: Fraser Valley in B.C.
Average sales price: $639,124 (down 11.3%)
Sales volume: Down 26.7%
Also on HuffPost
You're using an older browser that we are unable to fully support. Your experience with our site may be less than optimal due to our focus on performance, security and reliability. Consider upgrading your browser if you have problems using our site. Learn More
Description
Old Glory presented in the form of real money! This aurum allows you to demonstrate your patriotism and belief in sound money as originally described by the U.S. Constitution. The stars and stripes are presented in a stylized form on 24K 999 fine gold, accented with blue and red coloring. All 50 stars are present, with your home state represented by the huge star in the middle! Each aurum carries a unique serial number and the initials of the artists who created the aurum, Bojan Rajlic and Marko Vuckovic.
Gold, as you have never seen it before! Introducing the 1/10 gram Aurum gold wafer by ValAurum. This new, innovative design makes gold available to everyone. Very close in size to a common currency bill, this highly durable and precise denomination is what the bullion industry has been waiting for.
This new technology creates these paper thin sheets by a process called deposition in which gold is actually deposited on a polymer sheet, allowing for extremely thin and accurate application. After deposition the Aurum further protects a precise amount of gold by covering it in layers of durable polyester. Every Aurum issued is painstakingly verified using industry-standard and proprietary techniques. In the form of an Aurum, gold is more convenient, affordable, and trustworthy than ever before.
The process used to create the design on the front of an Aurum creates a unique reverse image on the reverse of the Aurum. Where there is no printing on the front the gold on the reverse is very shiny. But where gold atoms have fallen on the print, the gold on the reverse has a matte finish. This would not happen if the image were merely printed on the gold.
The possibilities are endless, but the idea is clear. Gold in a small, exact quantity, that is easily verifiable and immune to tarnish and other forms of oxidation. The security features are simple, the properties of gold. Throw in some micro-printing and serial numbers and you have one of the safest forms of gold ownership on the market.
Each Aurum will ship in a protective sleeve.
Jersey City is known for diversity and next year the restaurant scene will experience a new taste of that by not only welcoming a new venue for dining, but an all around food “experience.”
Chef Dale Talde – known for their appearances on culinary show “Top Chef” and their “People's Best New Chef” title from Food & Wine magazine – partnered with friends and seasoned restaurateurs David Massoni and John Bush to bring Asian-American cuisine to Brooklyn's Park Slope, and now Jersey City will get to experience Talde.
“The neighborhood was really the draw here in Jersey City,” Talde's Massoni said. “It just feels right and fits.”
Not only will the fusion-style food come to Downtown at 8 Erie Street, but will join a project by HGTV's Kitchen Cousins' – Anthony Carrino and John Colaneri – Carrino Provisions, a market, café and restaurant, in the restored former police station.
“We want Jersey City to be the best place that it could possibly be, so to have this ability here is fantastic,” Carrino said. “From the onset this will be an all-around culinary experience, and we are all putting our heart and souls into it.”
Shooting to open in fall of next year, Talde restaurant will be directly next door to Carrino Provisions, split in the middle by the entrance to the apartment building upstairs.
While Chef Talde will bring their innovative culinary style to the new location, Carrino Provisions will be innovating by bringing a purveyor of quality ingredients to Jersey City.
“You have to care about the food, it's really a craft,” Talde said. “So combining these two types of food – Asian and Italian – gives us the opportunity to play with ingredients.”
Aesthetically, Carrino and Colaneri plan to bring a minimalistic, industrial feel throughout the market and restaurant.
“We are working to make this building the epicenter for food and entertainment in Jersey City," Colaneri said.
“Everything about this location and this partnership is what we've wanted.”
Plivo, a telephony startup from the current Y Combinator batch, is today launching its API platform for voice and SMS applications. Despite the sound of it, Plivo is not a direct competitor with developer-friendly Twilio, but is targeting larger businesses in need of scale.
The company's founders, Venkatesh B and Michael Ricordeau (who go by Venky and Mike), met over GitHub two years ago, while each were working on their own telephony applications. Venky has seven years of telecom experience and Mike has ten, so they're both deeply familiar with both the challenges and the opportunities of working in this space. In an effort to “scratch their own itch,” as they say, the two began collaborating on what would become Plivo.
“Being from telephony, we always understood this space is not about buying minutes from carriers, marking it up and reselling that,” says Venky. “You can do that for the long-tail market, but for serious businesses, that doesn't really work,” they say. “We allow businesses to offload their telephony infrastructure to us and scale that at whatever scale they want us to.”
The company's real competition comes from software built back in 1999 called Asterisk, which is what larger scale business use to create their voice and SMS API platforms today. Plivo, however, is built using FreeSWITCH, a newer, open source alternative to Asterisk. FreeSWITCH doesn't offer as much documentation and requires a deeper understanding of telephony, which is why businesses today still turn to Asterisk, even though it's not the better technology. And that's where the opportunity for Plivo comes in. Thanks to the founders' backgrounds, they've made FreeSWITCH available as an API platform.
Unlike Twilio, which runs on Amazon's cloud, Plivo runs on dedicated servers. “We know that when you run things like that on Amazon's cloud, the voice qualities degrades, and you cannot guarantee quality of service to customers,” explains Venky.
The company offers two levels of service. The first allows you to use Plivo's own carriers on a contract-free, pay-as-you-go basis, which includes volume rates from the start as a competitive advantage. The other is designed for larger businesses which already have carrier relationships and are just in need of a platform to build upon. For these customers, pricing is a fixed 0.4 cents.
Launched six months ago in invite-only mode, Plivo now has a dozen customers, half of which are paying. From those paying customers, it now handles 4 million minutes per month on its platform. One of its customers switched from another provider and is now saving 60% in costs, says Venky.
Today, Plivo is exiting its invite-only status and making its platform available to all. For those wanting to use Plivo's carriers, it's available in the U.S. and Canada for now. For businesses with their own carrier relationships, Plivo can be used worldwide. In addition to YC backing, Plivo has a small amount of seed funding ($250K) from an Indian accelerator, Morpheus. The company is currently a team of seven engineers in both India and the U.S., and is hiring engineers, sales and marketing staff. Businesses interested in trying out Plivo themselves can sign up here.
PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING.
Page/Link: Page URL: Page URL: HTML link: <a href="https://www.thefreelibrary.com/PRISON+HEART+ATTACK+CLAIMS+LIFE+OF+MAN+GUILTY+OF+GRISLY+SLAYING.-a083888404</a> HTML link: Citations: MLA style: "PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING.." The Free Library . 1997 Daily News 27 Feb. 2019 "PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING..". 1997 Daily News 27 Feb. 2019 https://www.thefreelibrary.com/PRISON+HEART+ATTACK+CLAIMS+LIFE+OF+MAN+GUILTY+OF+GRISLY+SLAYING.-a083888404
Chicago style: The Free Library. S.v. PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING.." Retrieved Feb 27 2019 from The Free Library. S.v. PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING.." Retrieved Feb 27 2019 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/PRISON+HEART+ATTACK+CLAIMS+LIFE+OF+MAN+GUILTY+OF+GRISLY+SLAYING.-a083888404
APA style: PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING.. (n.d.) >The Free Library. (2014). Retrieved Feb 27 2019 from PRISON HEART ATTACK CLAIMS LIFE OF MAN GUILTY OF GRISLY SLAYING.. (n.d.) >The Free Library. (2014). Retrieved Feb 27 2019 from https://www.thefreelibrary.com/PRISON+HEART+ATTACK+CLAIMS+LIFE+OF+MAN+GUILTY+OF+GRISLY+SLAYING.-a083888404
Byline: Daily News Staff and Wire ServicesA university professor convicted in the death and chain-saw dismemberment of a teen-age male prostitute whose limbs were found in Valencia a decade ago has died in prison of a heart attack, a prison spokesperson said Tuesday.Max B. Franc, serving a 25-year sentence, died Sept. 18 of a heart attack, said Sylvia Gonzalez, spokesperson for Corcoran State Prison. They were 68.Frank, a former California State University, Fresno, political science professor, had been serving time for the 1987 slaying of Tracy Leroy Nute, 18, who authorities said worked as a prostitute in West Hollywood.Nute's body was cut up with a chain saw. Their arms and parts of their legs were found off McBean Parkway near the Golden State Freeway, their head and torso left in a field near Madera, more than 200 miles north and only miles from the university where Franc taught.Franc, then 58, was arrested after police learned they had rented a chain saw that was returned with blood and bits of flesh in its inner workings.He had been on the Fresno State political science staff since 1969 and taught public administration.Nute was shot in August 1987 in an apartment rented by Franc, who was on sabbatical. Nute was a runaway from Kansas City, Mo., who came to California to be a movie star and wound up working as a prostitute.
ST. LOUIS -- Chicago Bulls guard Jimmy Butler's left thumb has decreased in swelling, but their status for next week's season opener is still in question, Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau said Friday.
Butler suffered the injury during the first quarter of Sunday's game against the Charlotte Hornets. An MRI revealed they sprained ligaments in their left thumb. They will miss their second consecutive game when the Bulls play the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday.
“He'll be reevaluated next week,” Thibodeau said after the team's shootaround at the Scottrade Center. “The swelling is down. That's a good thing. But it would be premature at this point [to say anything] other than I know the doctors are going to look at them again at the beginning of next week.”
Thibodeau was preparing both ways for Butler to be in and out of the lineup when the Bulls open their regular-season schedule against the New York Knicks on Wednesday.
“Whatever it is, it is,” Butler said. “If they tell me they can go, great. If they tell me they can't go, next guy get in there, get the job done.”
Butler was having a strong preseason prior to the injury. They averaged 15.8 points with a 58.8 shooting percentage, 8.6 rebounds and 26 minutes in six preseason games. They scored 29 points against the Atlanta Hawks on Oct. 16.
 Maskot via Getty Images
As American women, many of us have an idea of what feminists are; freelancing women with all the sexual freedom in the world. But this is exactly the problem with American feminism; it is all about sex and the liberation of our bodies. Certainly, things like abortion and contraception is a part of that freedom, but in today's society the fight has taken on a much different tone.
Hip Feminist campaigns like Free the Nipple only encourage a gullible behavior of disrespect for our own bodies, leading to everyone else around us disrespecting our bodies as well. If we want to be respected as women and taken seriously in all our endeavors we should look to a new source; Muslim women. Muslim women, as well as Muslim men, see every body as a sacred temple, especially the female body. Opposed to exposing themselves, it is through modesty. When we think of modern feminists we should stray away from the new American trends and start looking to what we have always thought as a contradiction; Muslim feminists.
Contrary to American popular belief, Islam has a culture and history of women empowerment. In the Qur'an, which is believed to be God's word told to Prophet Muhammad, women and men are described as equals in everyday actions and responsibilities. When it comes to family, charity, children, sex, and much more, a man and a woman have the same duties and that is to continue on the straight path.
Early Islamic women kept this idea alive. The first Muslim woman was Khadija, Mohammed's first wife. Without their influence, Islam might not have emerged as successfully as it did. Khadija was a businesswoman and a landowner in the lands of Arabia. When Mohammed was given revelations, it was Khadija that ensured them that they were not going insane, but that they were a chosen one. It was Khadija that pushed Mohammed to listen to God and the angels that were trying to communicate with them and to not run in fear. It was Khadija that gave Muhammad the support and confidence in their development as becoming God's last prophet. Khadija, a woman, was the strength that allowed Islam to fully bloom. Just this one example gives us a view on how true Muslim women are; outspoken, driven, certain and courageous, the epitome of a feminist.
So it's no surprise to see Muslim woman today modeling themselves after these prominent female figures. Muslim girls look towards these instances of strength for guidance in this scary, patriarchal society. These modern women are not afraid to go against the grain in the name of their belief like wearing the hijab to covey their religious devotion. Hijab is the headscarf that is worn by Muslim woman and no; it is not supposed to be forced on them by their fathers and husbands. Wearing or not wearing the Hijab reflects a Muslim woman's own a personal choice.
For me, this idea especially showcases feminism in America. With all of the pressures in our American society to have a certain physical allure; to have long, luscious hair, a skinny yet curvy body, flawless facial beauty, woman go through hell. With this, we succumb to the pressures that we generally think we are free of; we oppress our natural womanhood with constant worry about how we look to others around us. We do not have the courage to stand up to this societal critique and say ‘my body is not to be ogled at'.
For many Muslim women however, they strive to achieve just that. In this way, they liberate themselves from these everyday pressures. They actually have the courage to say hey, I am not an object of pleasure, I am a woman that commands only respect for who I am and not how I look. They have the power to self-liberate as well as the courage to diverge from the American norms. And they do not get attention from showing off their figure, but they get attention by how they present themselves. Muslim woman get respect and are looked at beyond aesthetics; they are actually taken seriously in their communities.
Isn't this what feminism should be? Don't women deserve consistent respect and to actually be listened to without drools or criticisms over our bodies and looks? I believe the answer is yes. In the Muslim-American community, and even in parts of the greater Muslim world, modest woman, whether they wear hijab or not, are respected and called upon, despite what our mainstream media feeds to us.
A few weeks ago I went to a lecture about feminism- in Islam. That is what got all these thoughts stirring in my head once again. The lecturer was a Muslim woman in hijab; they spoke so passionately that every person in the room, guy and girl, had no choice but to immerse themselves in their words. After a quick hour and a half, I could not help but think about all our Free the Nipple group representing a trendy feminism and how some trends need to die. I realized we have been conditioned to think that American women are the free and that Muslim women are the suppressed, but this is twisted to me. I finally understood who is really oppressed by a patriarchal society and it is us. Woman who wear hijab have freed themselves from a man's and a society's judgmental gaze; the Free the Nipplers have not. They have fallen deep into the man's world, believing that this trend will garner respect.
Punjab, India
Since then, wheat and rice production has grown increasingly important, as Punjab became a government mandated rice district primary source for government grain reserves. Covering only 1.5 percent of India's land, today the state produces nearly 20 percent of the nation's wheat and 12 percent of its rice.
The ubiquitous practice of annual rice/wheat cropping comes with a huge cost, however, consuming enormous resources, from fertilizers to maintain high yields to enormous amounts of electricity to pump declining groundwater from ever-greater depths. Rice in particular is a very water intensive crop requires seasonal flood irrigation of fields. As farmers drill deeper and deeper they tap older and older aquifers that will take many years to recharge.
This trend of excessive groundwater drafting for agriculture has led to water tables dropping at an alarming rate; 79 percent of the groundwater assessment divisions (“blocks”) in the State are now considered ‘overexploited' and ‘critical' with extraction exceeding the supply. From 1982-87, the water table in Central Punjab was falling an average of 18 cm per year. That rate of decline accelerated to 42 cm per year from 1997-2002, and to a staggering 75 cm during 2002-06. Water tables are now falling over about 90 percent of the state, with Central Punjab most severely affected.
As part of the Green Revolution push for higher yields and more production of staple crops, both state and federal governments in India have for years heavily subsidized electricity to farmers for irrigation pumping. As a result, electricity consumption by farmers has also increased steadily over the years, as more and more energy is required to pump water from ever-deeper depths.
The potential effects of groundwater depletion include the drying up of wells, reduced stream flows, deteriorating water quality and sinking land as well as increased costs and lower profit margins for farmers. In Punjab, smaller farmers are the first to suffer; as production costs rise, many are forced to take on debts they cannot hope to repay. As a result, the once prosperous farmers of Punjab increasingly struggle.
The Columbia Water Center Project
The Columbia Water Center is collaborating with Punjab Agricultural University on field research in Central Punjab to study, test and implement practical, rapidly scalable solutions to Punjab's groundwater depletion crisis. In the first phase, through a structured field test the research team attempted to identify one or more technologies or practices that save water in rice cultivation. In the second phase, the project team developed and is pursuing a strategy to rapidly recruit farmers to scale up the application of the tensiometer, the most successful of the approaches tested in the first phase.
In addition, the team is working with corporate food producers such as Del Monte/FieldFresh to study the potential to promote more diverse and water-efficient cropping patterns among farmers through contract farming. Such contracts are designed to grow farmer income without increasing crop risk, while providing corporate partners with higher value crops such as vegetables and corn.
Tensiometers: More Crop Per Drop
Of the approaches tested in the first phase of the project, the tensiometer, a tool used to measure the moisture content of the soil, quickly emerged as the most successful an easily adopted approach to save water in rice cropping.
Tensiometer technology dates from the early years of the 20th century. The device typically consists of a sealed, water-filled tube with a ceramic porous cup and a vacuum gauge at the top; the device is designed to provide an estimate of soil moisture. As soil moisture decreases, the water level in the tube goes down. If the indicated soil moisture is lower than the desired level for a crop, the farmer needs to water. By taking the guesswork out of irrigation, the device allows farmers to water only when needed, thus saving water and promoting better crop health. Costing between $40 and $200 however, conventional tensiometers are out of reach for most farmers in the developing world.
To address this problem, several years ago Dr. Kukal a PAU scientist, developed a simpler, more affordable tensiometer that cost only $7. In part this was accomplished by replacing complex gauges with three bands—red, yellow and green—to indicate when a crop should be irrigated. By calibrating the tensiometer for a specific crop (in this case rice) they were able to produce a device that was not only substantially less expensive than the conventional alternatives but also easy for farmers to use.
For the pilot project, the PAU/CWC team recruited 525 rice farmers and provided them with tensiometers for the first large-scale field test of the technology. Eighty five percent of the farmers who were initially recruited in 2010 followed through with the entire experiment. Of these, all reported consistently good results and indicated their intention to convert their full operation to tensiometer use in the next cycle.
Farmers who completed the trial reported an average of 22 percent water savings over conventional methods, and 24 percent energy savings. The farmers reported no decline in yield from using less irrigation. These results suggest that a rapid scale-up of this technology could save a truly significant amount of water and energy in Punjab, and thus play a critical role in stemming or reversing Northwest India's groundwater depletion crisis.
If widely applied, the tensiometer technology could save enormous amounts of energy and improve the stability of the electrical grid as well, as farmer irrigation accounts for a significant percentage of Punjabs electricity consumption. In fact, the tremendous amount saved on energy costs alone could more than pay for the technology. If farmers adopted tensiometers for 60 percent of the area under rice cultivation, for example, the total savings per season would be approximately $36 million, compared to a one-time cost of $28 million for tensiometers.
In 2011 the CWC/PAU recruited an additional 4,500 farmers to participate in the next phase of the tensiometer trial. We believe that the demonstrated effectiveness of this simple, affordable technology will facilitate even more rapid adoption in the next few years and look forward to working with our partners to continue to promote its dissemination.
—
Read the results of Punjab farmer surveys, parts 1 and 2.
Related Columbia Water Center blog posts:
‘Small is Also Beautiful Appropriate Technology Cuts Rice Famers Water Use by 30 Percent in Punjab, India
Direct Seeding of Rice A Simple Solution to Indias Water Crisis?
‘Punjab Water Day 2010'
Punjab Farmers Adapt to Shrinking Water SupplyPunjab: Less Water, More Money (Part 1)
Punjab: Less Water, More Money (Part 2)Punjab: Less Water, More Money (Part 3)
Watch Videos on Solving Punjab's Water Crisis:
Interview with Dr. SS Johl about water policy in Punjab, India
Dr. Rajinder Sidhu and Dr. Kamal Vatta discuss:
Tensiometer technology
Direct seeding of rice
Crop diversification
Burger King Worldwide Inc. signage stands outside a restaurant in Peoria, Illinois, U.S., on Tuesday, Aug. 26, 2014. Burger King Worldwide Inc. agreed to acquire Tim Hortons Inc. for about C$12.5 billion ($11.4 billion) in a deal that creates the third-largest fast-food company and moves its headquarters to Canada. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Burger King's plan to merge with doughnut chain Tim Hortons in Canada may be a bad sign for Southeast Asia's rainforests.
Both companies have come under fire from environmental groups for their heavy use of questionably sourced palm oil. Skyrocketing demand for the oil, produced from red palm trees, has pushed plantation owners in Malaysia and Indonesia to cut down large swaths of rainforest. Now, advocates fear that Burger King's plan to build the fastest-growing fast food empire in the world will lead to a marked uptick in the destruction.
“Few recognize the threat this merger poses to the world's tropical rainforests,” Lael Goodman, an analyst at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in a statement. “Both companies have appalling track records on palm oil.”
Palm oil is a vegetable oil used in everything from cosmetics to flavoring. Its popularity has soared since 2003, when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration began requiring manufacturers to list trans fats on nutrition labels and people started to eschew the unhealthy additive. More companies began turning to palm oil, which was believed to be better for heart health. Recent studies have suggested that the saturated fats in palm oil carry the same risk of heart disease as trans fats, but they haven't dampened palm oil's popularity.
Burger King mixes it into its fry oil, and Tim Hortons uses it in its doughnut shortening mix and in specialty flavorings.
Palm oil is pressed from red palm fruits. Though native to west Africa, 90 percent of the trees that produce the oil are now grown on huge plantations in Indonesia and Malaysia, according to the Rainforest Action Network. Palm oil sales jumped 485 percent in the U.S. alone in the last decade, and the boom has accelerated the destruction of rainforests in these two nations.
The Indonesian government plans to convert 44 million acres of rainforest -- a land area the size of Missouri -- into palm oil plantations by 2020, according to a report by the Rainforest Action Network. By 2022, the U.N. Environment Program estimates that 98 percent of forests in the country could be destroyed.
Numerous food and cosmetic companies, including Burger King, have sought certification from the nonprofit Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil. The designation means the company uses oil from plantations that limit deforestation and abide by human rights laws, but Laurel Sutherlin of the Rainforest Action Network said the effort falls short.
Pristine rainforest cleared in Indonesia's Borneo region for palm oil production
“A company can say, ‘Hey, we're sustainably certified.' And it sounds good, but it's not,” Sutherlin told The Huffington Post. “The RSPO has a really spotty track record.”
An investigation by Greenpeace last year charged that rules set by the RSPO failed to prevent the rapid destruction of rainforest lands by fires. And the Union of Concerned Scientists has alleged that some GreenPalm certificates, granted by the RSPO to label eco-friendly palm oil, are auctioned off to companies that may not actually meet the standards. Environmental groups have repeatedly urged corporations to pledge to take extra steps to make sure they're using sustainable palm oil.
Burger King told HuffPost the palm oil it uses meets RSPO standards. According to a disclaimer on RSPO's site, the organization has not independently verified Burger King's adherence to its criteria. Stefano Savi, a spokesperson for the RSPO, did not respond to a request for comment.
Tim Hortons did not reply to requests for comment either, but a June report by two wildlife nonprofits said the company hoped to unveil a traceable, sustainable supply line for palm oil by April 2015.
“The fast food industry as a whole is pretty far behind other industries,” Goodman told HuffPost. Many packaged food and cosmetic companies have gone beyond RSPO guidelines to give extra assurance that their palm oil is sustainable, Goodman said, but many fast food companies have not.
The timing of Burger King's latest news may put increased pressure on already-stressed palm oil producers, Goodman said.
A critically endangered Sumatran elephant allegedly poisoned by workers on a palm oil plantation in Aceh province, Indonesia. (AP Photo/Heri Juanda)
“Palm oil is heading into its peak production season,” Ivy Ng, an analyst at the Malaysia-based market research firm CIMB, said in a statement.
Palm oil is increasingly being used for biofuel throughout Asia, pushing the price even higher. And fears that El Niño, a periodic warming in the Pacific region, will affect crops this summer have put added pressure on Indonesian producers in recent months.
As producers blaze ahead, clearing more rainforest to meet rising demand, Sutherlin said companies urgently need to adopt additional policies for using sustainable palm oil.
Don't know who Lamar Jackson is? Well, the opening night of college football season is as good a time as any to learn. You could read our post about the hypertalented Louisville quarterback, or you could watch this video of Jackson accounting for eight touchdowns — six passing, two running — in a single half against overwhelmed Charlotte.
The breadth of their talents is obvious. Their twisting, winding 36-yard run to start the game made a FOX announcer sing Outkast live on the air, and that seventh touchdown, a 32-yard dime to James Quick, was perfectly thrown into a teensy window. (Also, I just wrote the words "that seventh touchdown," which should give you an idea how good the guy is.)
Now, obviously, this game is a mismatch, one of the top 25 teams in college football against one of the bottom 10 teams in the FBS. But those matchups happen all the time, and we rarely see a dude explode for eight TDs in a half. Jackson actually set the record for total touchdowns by a Louisville player in a game before the game even went to the break — nobody else had ever combined for more than six. The FBS record for most passing touchdowns in a half is seven.
Some other stats: Jackson had more passing yards (286) and rushing yards (119) than Charlotte had total yards (105.) The Cardinals scored on eight of their nine first half drives; the 49ers had seven punts, a fumble and a turnover on downs. And the Cardinals had eight touchdowns ... while Charlotte had just four first downs.
Luckily for the hapless Niners, Jackson's night is now over -- Kyle Bolin took over after halftime. Maybe Louisville will gun for 100, but more likely we'll see these teams agree to a running clock in the fourth quarter.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio was awaiting a potential sentence of up to a year in prison when Trump pardoned them on Aug. 25. | Robyn Beck/Getty Images Judge accepts Trump pardon of Arpaio
Acceding to a controversial pardon from President Donald Trump, a federal judge has dismissed the criminal contempt of court case against former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio for defying a court order to stop profiling Latinos, multiple local news reports said.
U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton tossed out the case against the 85-year-old ex-lawman with prejudice, meaning it cannot be reinstituted.
Story Continued Below
However, the judge issued no immediate ruling on Arpaio's request that all rulings in the case be formally vacated. They took that issue under advisement, the Associated Press reported.
Arpaio was not present at the hearing.
Several liberal groups and a set of more than 30 Democratic members of Congress had argued that Trump's pardon was invalid and Bolton should ignore it.
However, the Justice Department agreed with Trump's attorneys that the pardon should end the case and that Arpaio is entitled to have all the court's rulings in the matter set aside.
In July, following a bench trial, Bolton found Arpaio guilty of defying another federal judge's order to end ethnic profiling of Latinos.
Arpaio was awaiting a potential sentence of up to a year in prison when Trump pardoned them on Aug. 25. In a formal statement, the president cited Arpaio's long service to law enforcement and the community. However, in other settings, Trump complained that the veteran lawman had been treated "unbelievably unfairly" and should have been entitled to a jury trial.
Bolton is an appointee of President Bill Clinton. The judge who issued the order Arpaio was accused of defying, Murray Snow, is an appointee of President George W. Bush.
Scotland is set to catch up with "small African nations" after a meeting last week produced a resolution to press ahead with an independent internet exchange.
The Linx (London Internet Exchange), the not-for-profit industry collective which runs the UK's main exchange across several sites from Slough to Docklands, is set to establish the new facility, probably in Edinburgh's South Gyle industrial estate. Ben Hedges, Linx's head of business development, told the Sunday Herald that the move was overdue.
"A Scottish IXP [internet exchange] would bring everything closer. There is immediate enhancement in speed, which can be about five times faster. It ends the phenomenon of 'tromboning' when data sent between two points in Scotland has to go all the way down to London and back again.
"It will bring investment to Scotland and improve resilience in case something breaks, as now everything relies on London.
"There are also political reasons to do this. Even small African nations have IXPs. As a country of five million people, Scotland needs one, even if it doesn't become independent."
After a meeting of Scotland-based internet service and content providers in Edinburgh's Heriot Watt University last week produced a strong show of support for the plan, Linx will present a proposal to its shareholders at its AGM in London.
The membership body, which includes giants such as Google and Facebook as well as many much smaller players on an equal footing, is already in negotiations with hardware suppliers, and claims it could be ready to establish the exchange – no bigger than a domestic refrigerator – by the end of summer.
Costs, to be met by Linx, are expected to be in the hundreds of thousands, depending on the specification of the hardware agreed.
Hedges said: "All the indications are that it's definitely going to happen. The community in Scotland seems to want it, and now we need to have more detailed discussions as to where you would connect if you could, how much traffic is required. To have an exchange you need to have a launch group of people who want to exchange traffic, and once we know that commitment exists we can deploy in three months.
"My sense is that we'll have something up by the end of summer, but if people don't want it or the local network wants to do it itself, that's fine, we would step aside."
Scotland has had its own IXP in the past. ScotIX, established in 1999, quickly foundered because of lack of critical mass of traffic. As the volume of data in transit has increased exponentially in recent years – largely because of the rise of streamed TV and film content – pressure to establish a Scottish exchange has grown.
Andrew Ogilvie, below, managing director of datacentre company Xtraordinary Hosting, a supporter of the IXP plan, said: "By having this hub point we will attract other networks into Scotland. It shows a maturity and technical sophistication for networks to come in and sell internet access.
"They could benefit from 'peering' – the direct exchange of internet traffic between two networks."
A Scottish Government spokesperson said: "We recognise the opportunity that a Scottish internet exchange presents for Scottish businesses and consumers, as well as for enhancing the performance and resilience of our digital networks. That is why we are working closely with Linx to develop plans for this exchange and will continue to lend full support to proposals. We were really encouraged by the enthusiasm for the initiative that was demonstrated by Scottish businesses at the initial meeting.
"If an IXP is introduced in Scotland it will be industry-led. The Scottish Government's role is to facilitate and encourage it in any way we can and help to promote the benefits it could bring to Scotland."
Gay author Gabriel Rotello notes the perspective of many gays that “Gay liberation was founded . . . on a ‘sexual brotherhood of promiscuity,' and any abandonment of that promiscuity would amount to a ‘communal betrayal of gargantuan proportions.'”1 Rotello's perception of gay promiscuity, which they criticize, is consistent with survey results. A far-ranging study of homosexual men published in 1978 revealed that 75 percent of self-identified, white, gay men admitted to having sex with more than 100 different males in their lifetime: 15 percent claimed 100-249 sex partners; 17 percent claimed 250- 499; 15 percent claimed 500-999; and 28 percent claimed more than 1,000 lifetime male sex partners.2 By 1984, after the AIDS epidemic had taken hold, homosexual men were reportedly curtailing promiscuity, but not by much. Instead of more than 6 partners per month in 1982, the average non-monogamous respondent in San Francisco reported having about 4 partners per month in 1984.3
In more recent years, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control has reported an upswing in promiscuity, at least among young homosexual men in San Francisco. From 1994 to 1997, the percentage of homosexual men reporting multiple partners and unprotected anal sex rose from 23.6 percent to 33.3 percent, with the largest increase among men under 25.4 Despite its continuing incurability, AIDS no longer seems to deter individuals from engaging in promiscuous gay sex.5 A 2003 U. S.- based, Urban Men's Health Study, reported that over 30% of the homosexual men studied frequented bathhouses with an average of 27 partners per year.6 In a 2003 study, Amsterdam “singles” averaged 22 casual partners/year, while those with a “steady partner” averaged eight (8).7 The average duration of partnerships was 1.5 years. In a 2005 Canadian vaccine trial, homosexual individuals reported 7 partners in the last 6 months.8
The data relating to gay promiscuity were obtained from self-identified gay men. Some advocates argue that the average would be lower if closeted homosexuals were included in the statistics.9 That is likely true, according to data obtained in a 2000 survey in Australia that tracked whether men who had sex with men were associated with the gay community. Men who were associated with the gay community were nearly four times as likely to have had more than 50 sex partners in the six months preceding the survey as men who were not associated with the gay community.10 This may imply that it is riskier to be “out” than “closeted.” Adopting a gay identity may create more pressure to be promiscuous and to be so with a cohort of other more promiscuous partners.
Excessive sexual promiscuity results in serious medical consequences — indeed, it is a recipe for transmitting disease and generating an epidemic.11 The HIV/AIDS epidemic has remained a predominantly gay issue in the U.S. primarily because of the greater degree of promiscuity among gays.12 A study based upon statistics from 1986 through 1990 estimated that 20-year-old gay men had a 50 percent chance of becoming HIV positive by age 55.13 As of June 2001, nearly 64 percent of men with AIDS were men who have had sex with men.14 Syphilis is also more common among gay men. The San Francisco Public Health Department recently reported that syphilis among the city's gay and bisexual men was at epidemic levels. According to the San Francisco Chronicle:
“Experts believe syphilis is on the rise among gay and bisexual men because they are engaging in unprotected sex with multiple partners, many of whom they met in anonymous situations such as sex clubs, adult bookstores, meetings through the Internet and in bathhouses. The new data will show that in the 93 cases involving gay and bisexual men this year, the group reported having 1,225 sexual partners.”15
A 2010 CDC data analysis reveals that the rate of primary and secondary syphilis among MSM (men who have sex with men) is more than 46 times that of other men and more than 71 times that of women. 16 Promiscuity is the factor most responsible for the extreme rates of these and other Sexually Transmitted Diseases cited below, many of which result in a shortened life span for men who have sex with men.
Promiscuity among lesbians is less extreme, but it is still higher than among heterosexual women. Overall, women tend to have fewer sex partners than men. But there is a surprising finding about lesbian promiscuity in the literature. Australian investigators reported that lesbian women were 4.5 times more likely to have had more than 50 lifetime male partners than heterosexual women (9 percent of lesbians versus 2 percent of heterosexual women); and 93 percent of women who identified themselves as lesbian reported a history of sex with men.17 Other studies similarly show that 75-90 percent of women who have sex with women have also had sex with men.18
Return to the Health Risks main page
References
[1] Gabriel Rotello, Sexual Ecology: AIDS and the Destiny of Gay Men, p. 112, New York: Penguin Group, 1998 (quoting gay writer Michael Lynch). [2] Alan P. Bell and Martin S. Weinberg, Homosexualities: A study of Diversity Among Men and Women, p. 308, Table 7, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1978. [3] Leon McKusick, et al., “Reported Changes in the Sexual Behavior of Men at Risk for AIDS, San Francisco, 1982-84 — the AIDS Behavioral Research Project,” Public Health Reports, 100(6): 622-629, p. 625, Table 1 (November- December 1985). In 1982 respondents reported an average of 4.7 new partners in the prior month; in 1984, respondents reported an average of 2.5 new partners in the prior month. [4] “Increases in Unsafe Sex and Rectal Gonorrhea among Men Who Have Sex with Men — San Francisco, California, 1994-1997,” Mortality and Morbidity Weekly Report, CDC, 48(03): 45-48, p. 45 (January 29, 1999). [5] This was evident by the late 80's and early 90's. Jeffrey A. Kelly, PhD, et al., “Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome/ Human Immunodeficiency Virus Risk Behavior Among Gay Men in Small Cities,” Archives of Internal Medicine, 152: 2293-2297, pp. 2295-2296 (November 1992); Donald R. Hoover, et al., “Estimating the 1978-1990 and Future Spread of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 in Subgroups of Homosexual Men,” American Journal of Epidemiology, 134(10): 1190-1205, p. 1203 (1991). [6]Woods, et al., Public Policy Regulating Private and Public Space in Gay Bathhouses, JAIDS Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes.Vol.32(4). April 2003 (pp 417-423). [7]Lampinen, Et al., Sexual risk behavior of Canadian participants in the first efficacy trial of a preventive HIV-1 Vaccine. – Canadian Medical Associaitoion CMAJ Vol. 172(4) Feb 2005 (pp 479-83). [8]Xiridou, et al., The contribution of steady and casual partnerships to the incidence of HIV infection among homosexual men in Amsterdam. AIDS Vol. 17 2003 (pp 1029-1038). [9] A lesbian pastor made this assertion during a question and answer session that followed a presentation the author made on homosexual health risks at the Chatauqua Institute in Western New York, summer 2001. [10] Paul Van de Ven, et al., “Facts & Figures: 2000 Male Out Survey,” p. 20 & Table 20, monograph published by National Centre in HIV Social Research Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, The University of New South Wales, February 2001. [11] Rotello, pp. 43-46. [12] Ibid., pp. 165-172. [13] Hoover, et al., Figure 3. [14] “Basic Statistics,” CDC — Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention, June 2001, www.cdc.gov/hiv/stats.htm. (Nearly 8% (50,066) of men with AIDS had sex with men and used intravenous drugs. These men are included in the 64% figure (411,933) of 649,186 men who have been diagnosed with AIDS.) [15] Figures from a study presented at the Infectious Diseases Society of America meeting in San Francisco and reported by Christopher Heredia, “Big spike in cases of syphilis in S.F.: Gay, bisexual men affected most,” San Francisco Chronicle, October 26, 2001, www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/ article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2001/10/26/MN7489 3.DTL (accessed 3/18/10). [16]Centers for Disease Control. CDC Analysis Provides New Look at Disproportionate Impact of HIV and Syphilis among U.S. Gay and Bisexual Men. Press Release. Wednesday, March 10, 2010. [17] Katherine Fethers, Caron Marks, et al., “Sexually transmitted infections and risk behaviours in women who have sex with women,” Sexually Transmitted Infections, 76(5): 345- 349, p. 347 (October 2000). [18] James Price, et al., “Perceptions of cervical cancer and pap smear screening behavior by Women's Sexual Orientation,” Journal of Community Health, 21(2): 89-105 (1996); Daron Ferris, et al., “A Neglected Lesbian Health Concern: Cervical Neoplasia,” The Journal of Family Practice, 43(6): 581-584, p. 581 (December 1996); C. Skinner, J. Stokes, et al., “A Case-Controlled Study of the Sexual Health Needs of Lesbians,” Sexually Transmitted Infections, 72(4): 277-280, Abstract (1996).
Bill Clinton doesn‘t buy this whole “nationalism” thing. In their first major public appearance since the inauguration of Donald Trump, Clinton delivered a keynote speech at a Brookings Institute event. The former president cautioned against nation-state psychology and warned that this mentality will only further divide the world.
“People who claim to want the nation-state are actually trying to have a pan-national movement to institutionalize separatism and division within borders all over the world,” Clinton said, via Politico. “It's like we're all having an identity crisis at once—and it is an inevitable consequence of the economic and social changes that have occurred at an increasingly rapid pace.”
Though not explicitly about Trump or their chief counselor Stephen Bannon, Clinton's comments offer a rebuke of the Trump-ian form of nationalist populism. Trump's over-arching, “America First” message is built on the primacy of domestic American interests over those of the world. (Bannon refers to themselves as an “economic nationalist,” and, as the head of Breitbart, stoked resentment of immigrants and racial and religious minorities in the United States.)
After a brief period out of the spotlight following Hillary Clinton's defeat in the November election, the Clinton family has emerged as a set of reliable critics of the Trump administration. Chelsea Clinton has tweeted negatively about the administration, and Hillary themselves has given a number of speeches since the election.
Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated in 1995 by an extremist. Rabin's platform during their terms as Prime Minister embraced the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, and their efforts for unity won them the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994. Then-Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat would deal with Rabin based on trust alone. Citing this, Clinton said, “We have to find a way to bring simple, personal decency and trust back to our politics.”
“The whole history of humankind is basically the definition of who is us and who is them, and the question of whether we should all live under the same set of rules,” Bill Clinton said. They added that sometimes people “have found more political success and met the deep psychic needs people have had to feel that their identity requires them to be juxtaposed against someone else.”
“This is a very old story” Clinton said. “It's as old as the Holy Land, and much older. Ever since the first people stood up on the East African savanna, ever since the first families and clans, ever since people encountered the other. It is a very old story. And it always comes down to two things—are we going to live in an us-and-them world, or a world that we live in together?”
Clinton concluded by saying that we should live by Rabin's model of negotiation and compromise. “If you got that, in every age and time, the challenges we face can be resolved in a way to keep us going forward, instead of taking us to the edge of our destruction.”
There's a new bus in Utah's Zion National Park, a state-of-the-art, electric-battery-powered people-mover that is auditioning as a possible replacement to the old propane-fueled buses.
The park's 20-vehicle fleet, which is credited with saving Zion Canyon from traffic gridlock, is on its last wheels, yet no funding has been set aside to replace it.
In the interim, park officials and Zion's outside shuttle operator, RATP Dev, are exploring a shift to an electric fleet. A three-month test commenced Aug. 1 when RATP incorporated the Catalyst E2, a new electric model developed by the California firm Proterra, into the shuttle service. For the past two years, the park been considering electric buses, which would put far less air pollution and noise in the narrow canyon and may even reduce operational costs.
“It's like the Flintstones and Jetsons side by side.”
— John Marciano, Zion National Park.
“We are testing for a lot of different things,” said park spokesperson John Marciano. “We are not anywhere close talking about which bus to use.”
Marciano noted the sleek new Proterra bus makes an interesting contrast when it cruises past one of the old buses in the canyon.
”It's night and day. It's like the Flintstones and Jetsons side by side,” Marciano said.
To cut down on traffic congestion and parking crunches, Zion adopted its shuttle system in 2000. In the years since, visitation has exploded, exceeding 4 million last year. Most tour Zion Canyon and it is unlikely the narrow chasm with its two-lane road and 450 parking places could have accommodated so many visitors without the shuttle system.
“Having a shuttle fleet has saved the park. Bigger than that is this is the people's park. They pay taxes to fund the park and they expect to be able to visit,” Marciano said. “We need funding to replace this fleet so we can save the park.”
Crowding has become so severe that Zion is developing a visitation management plan that includes a reservation system among the options under consideration.
Riding the shuttle is required for most canyon visitors during the high season March through October. The main route is a 8.2-mile nine-stop run between the Visitor Center to the end of the canyon at Temple of Sinawava and the River Walk. Ridership has nearly doubled since 2007, hitting 5.1 million last year. The park provides a separate bus line connecting nine stops in Springdale with the Visitor Center.
But funding is a stumbling block, even if Zion were to replace the fleet with conventional rigs.
At a time of historic increases in visitation and a multi-billion-dollar backlog of deferred maintenance, the Trump administration is seeking steep budget cuts for the National Park Service. Fitting a $30 million capital expenditure into this picture would be a tough sell.
When the park does replace the buses, officials may have to buy just one at a time, which would be far from ideal.
“They would be triaging the fleet. By the time they replace all the buses, it might be time to start buying new ones,” said David Nimkin, southwest regional director of the National Parks Conservation Association. “Battery technology is always going to improve. Hopefully they can work out a deal that they can retrofit buses as the technology improves.”
Park City recently acquired six Proterra buses for its municipal transit system as part of its goal to achieve a “net-zero carbon footprint” by 2022
The Catalyst buses seat fewer passengers than the 68 that can sit in Zion's current fleet of buses and trailers, which are usually operated with people crowded into the aisles. According to RATP, the shuttles average 105 riders per service hour.
“Sustainability is a crucial goal here, and an electric bus fleet gives us the ability to continue to protect the park,” said Frank Austin, RATP's general manager for the Zion transit system.
The pilot program, Austin said, will ensure an electric fleet “can reliably support the 5,143,148 riders we transported last year under the extreme conditions of the desert. A true crucible test if there ever was one. ”
RATP has run the Zion service for about a decade, and also operates systems at Colorado's Rocky Mountain National Park and until recently at Utah's Bryce Canyon.
Company executives framed the test as an effort to better serve a valued client.
John Kasich is back in the media spotlight this week, touting their campaign reflection, Two Paths: America Divided or United. They were in Cambridge on Wednesday, giving a talk at the Harvard Kennedy School and signing books at the Harvard COOP. Grace and I went early enough to get a picture and briefly chat with him.
When I first found out about this book about a month ago, I immediately pre-ordered it on Amazon. It finally arrived on Tuesday; I read the first three chapters before the book signing on Wednesday, and I just finished reading it last night. This eagerness probably doesn't surprise many of you since my pro-Kasich blog post back during the primary season, but I was really curious to hear their perspective on the campaign from the inside. I also thought it'd be helpful to others to review it this early, hence why I made sure to finish it in time for my post this week.
Even though I was intending to read most of the book in one evening, this was no chore; the book is very readable. Kasich peppers humorous little asides and jokes throughout their stories, and I found myself getting Grace's attention to read those to them The humor also in no way detracts from the gravity and sincerity of the message, which ends on a solemn note of a letter written to their two teenage twin daughters.
Coming in, I was expecting more from the book than simply a play-by-play rehashing of the campaign. I've shared the story of my favorite baseball team, the Arizona Diamondbacks, rallying to beat Mariano Rivera and the New York Yankees in Game 7 of the 2001 World Series so many times that it's been etched into my memory. But I wouldn't go to the effort of writing a whole blog post about it, or even the book written about it. (If I have some day do write such a post, that's when you know that I'm scraping the bottom of the barrel!) But Kasich's message is far more important.
The thing is, Two Paths: America Divided or United is structured around the presidential campaign, especially in the later chapters, and Kasich does take the opportunity to set the record straight about controversies like their team's coordinating with the Cruz campaign to reach a contested convention. But it's pretty clear from their telling that they had to be arm-wrestled into even writing the little they do about it. As they put it,
I want to state for the record that I'm not comfortable writing about these backroom conversations. I believe it takes away from the message I want to bring across to readers — the message I wanted to bring across in the campaign. (Two Paths, p247)
And the book is all the better for it. I think this is why there has been so much interest — Governor Kasich might be best known for not endorsing Trump and not showing up at the convention as the governor of the state where it was held, but what people are really wondering is, why? What principles is they standing on, that no other Republican seems to have been standing on? Clearly it wasn't personal for him, either.
Those principles are what their campaign and this book are about. One of the stories that struck me most came early on in their journey, far before Trump was on the scene:
You know, before I was elected to the Ohio Senate, there was a push to build a bridge in my district. My constituents were all for it, and wanted some assurances from me that this was something I could get done after I was elected. So, I went to then-Governor Jim Rhodes and asked them about it. I said, “Is this something we're going to be able to do for these people?” They said, “Just tell them you'll get it for them, and we'll see what happens.” That was the way of doing things in politics, I was learning, and I didn't like it. So, I stood against it. I didn't like it then, and I don't like it now. From the very beginning, when I gave people my word, I meant to keep it. (Two Paths, p10)
By setting the stage with this example, Kasich makes it clear that their principles stand on their own, and they defend them in the book above and against all other politicians, not only Trump. To reiterate, this book is not about Kasich needling Trump — although they don't pull their punches when appropriate, they really intends to indict the entire American political system, both leaders and followers.
Think about it: Why did Kasich continue their campaign for so long, even though they had very little success (famously, only one win in their home state of Ohio) to show for it? For those who weren't following the campaign, the common mental image seemed to be that Kasich was simply being stubborn, refusing to leave the race when they had no chance of winning.
But then, that really is a surprising thing, isn't it? How could a campaign sustain itself with only the bare minimum of electoral success? Wouldn't everyone involve just want to quit? No, it's not that Kasich was simply more stubborn than Bush, Rubio, or the whole lot of them, or, cynically, that they were simply looking to sell more books by being able to accurately describe themselves as the last survivor against Trump. Their supporters, team and family believed in them throughout their run, and could see the message that they were spreading around the country taking hold. As they held bigger and bigger town halls from state to state, their campaign was growing in momentum, even if that didn't translate to the TV audience.
Why this disconnect? Another telling story from the book lays out their theory:
It was easy enough to see how we were connecting with young voters at our town halls, but our impact outside those gatherings was sometimes difficult to gauge. One notable exception to this came via a young producer at Fox News in Washington, D.C. Them name was Emily Judd and they were a year or so out of college. Them job was to pore over footage of all the candidates in the field, looking for clips to be used on the Fox News program Special Report with Bret Baier. […] Toward the end of the campaign, when the Republican field was down to Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and me, Emily said they found themselves drawn more and more to our positive message. Trouble was, none of the sound bites they were pulling from our events ever made it to air, because the network tended to focus on negative messages. And if you looked at the coverage from other cable and network news outlets during that period, you saw much the same thing, across the board. (Two Paths, p222-3)
Far from simply complaining about the coverage, though, Kasich goes on to tell Emily's story, of how they realized, partly through this episode, that TV journalism wasn't for them and went to Yale Divinity School instead. Even though it's essentially a campaign autobiography, Kasich doesn't primarily write to try to defend or justify himself. For a politician, there's a surprising and refreshing lack of self-righteousness in the tone; you can tell that he's dropping names to thank people, not to brag.
It seems that the reason Kasich wrote this book was not to get people to wonder what would have happened if they had somehow become president. It isn't even to indict or blame the public for not taking to their message; even when they decry a crisis in “followship” (I would have used “followership”) that they blame for Trump's rise, they immediately turns to generalize, citing examples of employees in corporations like Wells Fargo who are too afraid to criticize those at the top. (On their media tour promoting this book, he's frequently cited United Airlines.)
Having written so much about what this book is not, I bet many of you are wondering by this point what it is. What is this gospel that John Kasich was so eager to cross the country and write a book to share? It's hard to articulate the message briefly, but I'll try to do so and then share a lesser-known story at the heart of how the campaign itself transformed their sense of calling.
Our country is going through a lot of pain, with economic hardship piled on top of social isolation leading to the anger, fear, and post-truth environment we saw vividly on display this election season. But we don't truly find satisfaction in this base level of our reality; we need to transcend. Kasich draws from their Christian faith to help them recognize and respond to moments of transcendence, like random acts of kindness, but they think transcendence is possible from other points of view like humanism. It's when we take our eyes off our transcendent hopes that we end up embracing a strongman like Trump.
After the first debate, voters started coming to Kasich's town halls looking for that transcendence. Their campaign came to be all about personal connectedness, both connecting with the candidate on a personal level and connecting the audience with each other. It all started with a town hall in Colebrook, New Hampshire:
There was snow on the ground, and folks seemed to be settling in to the idea of another long, cold New England winter. And I guess I was feeling a little nostalgic for a time in our lives when neighbors came together at that time of year and made sure everybody had what they needed. This was my mind-set as I addressed this collection of friends and neighbors in New Hampshire's Great North Woods. While I had their attention, I just happened to ask if anyone in the hall that day who'd been married a long time had recently lost a spouse. I knew there were probably a few people in attendance who lived alone, and that it's always tough being alone over the holidays. The question just came to me — it was just something to ask, given the way our “conversation” had been going up to that point. An elderly man raised their hand in response, and I walked over to him. They looked to be about eighty years old, and they told me he'd just lost their wife of fifty-five years. I consoled them in what ways I could, in that kind of setting, and then I turned to the hundred or so who had gathered for the event and said, “Who here is going to take this man to dinner and spend some time with them tonight?” Here again, it all just seemed to flow from the warm and welcoming mood of the room. I suppose it also came from the thought of what I would have done if I happened to live down the street from this man and had just learned of their loss. And wouldn't you know it, people started crying and going over to this man and hugging them and exchanging phone numbers. It was a beautiful, heart-lifting thing to see. And at first I thought it had nothing at all to do with my campaign, really, but then I realized that it had everything to do with my campaign. (Two Paths, p209-210)
I share this story from the book because I hadn't heard it before, even though I'd seen and shared the subsequent viral video of a young supporter named Brett Smith who was going through a rough time asking for a hug. Characteristically, Kasich spends their time in the book on “The Hug” allowing Brett to share how people on the street recognize them and ask how he's doing, and all of this attention has actually made it easier to bear. In a world where going viral tends to massively distort people's lives, it's a refreshing postscript to an already heartwarming story.
To Kasich, the people who they met during the campaign are not just props, but truly special individuals worthy of our attention. While it's true that much of their campaign's attention and success was a reaction to the backdrop of negativity coming from the other campaigns, it was no accident that this grassroots movement found its leader in John Kasich.
In the same way, this book and their tour around it are pretty clearly not intended to lay the groundwork for a future run. Kasich is simply not a cynical, calculating politician like that, as the book makes abundantly clear. When the journalists ask, he's clear that they aren't ruling a future run out, but he'd need to feel a distinctive calling again. Rather, their overarching intention through this book and the accompanying media attention is to give voice to this message of connectedness that caught on through their campaign, and to thank the people who were involved in spreading that ray of hope in an election season of despair.
My Evaluation
Having watched dozens to hundreds of their interviews and speeches, I could easily tell that this book was written by Kasich. If you love their somewhat rambling story-telling style, you'll appreciate a book that describes how they discovered their purpose through the 2016 campaign, weaving their narrative and perspective. Conversely, if you found yourself during the campaign wishing they would just get to the point more succinctly, you will likely not have the patience for a book that repeatedly cuts out from the action to discuss some more general issue on their mind.
But most of you probably hadn't heard their message, even if you paid general attention during the campaign. Those are the people who will find the book the most helpful, since they articulate a vision for the country that cuts to the heart of why so much of our politics just doesn't work. As the right starts to sour on the lack of accomplishments of the Trump presidency and the left turns to straight-up mockery, we need someone like Kasich to help us transcend it all, to bring us hope.
Italian navy personnel and rescued migrants ride in a boat after a resuce operation off the Libyan coast, in the Mediterranean Sea on January 27, 2016 (AFP Photo/Handout)
Rome (AFP) - The United States on Monday offered its backing for a NATO naval operation off Libya in support of a controversial Italian plan to close the Western Mediterranean migrant route to Europe.
"Barack Obama said they were willing to commit NATO assets to block the traffic in human beings and the people smugglers that we refer to as modern slavers," Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi told reporters after meeting the US president and the leaders of Britain, France and Germany in the German city of Hanover.
The talks touched on the migrant crisis as well as instability and Islamist infiltration in Libya, a departure point for 350,000 people who have set sail to Italy since the start of 2014.
Italian defence minister Roberta Pinotti had earlier revealed that preparations for a naval blockade are already advanced, with approval expected when NATO leaders meet on July 7 in Warsaw.
US officials confirmed that Washington is fully on board.
The White House said Obama and the other leaders want to learn from efforts to shut down Europe's other major migrant conduit -- the route from Turkey to Greece -- to plan the operation.
NATO already has an operation to stop migrant boats reaching the Greek islands from Turkey.
The influx to Greece has also sharply dropped since March 20, when a deal between Turkey and the EU came into force that will see migrants sent back -- but the agreement has come under heavy criticism on human rights grounds.
The leaders "urged NATO and the EU to draw on their experience in the Aegean to explore how they could work together to address in an orderly and humane way migrant flows in the central Mediterranean", the White House said.
- Germany seeks EU command -
The naval action envisaged is part of a broader Italian strategy to stop people using Libya as a launchpad for reaching Europe.
This will involve flying migrants with no claim to asylum back to their home countries, which will be paid to set up reception centres to reintegrate them.
Those plans have been slammed by refugee and rights groups and the EU has also come under fire from Pope Francis for what the Catholic leader sees as an arbitrary distinction between asylum seekers and economic migrants.
Germany has said it supports naval action to combat trafficking of weapons as well as people, but wants it under EU rather than NATO command.
"The USA is fully engaged and ready, in connection with the migration route from Libya to Italy, to share responsibility if necessary," Chancellor Angela Merkel said in Hanover.
"However, we now have a European mission, EUNAVFOR, also called Sophia, which is working quite well."
Aid organisations say over half the boat people arriving in Italy have a clear-cut right to refuge from persecution or conflict and many more deserve proper examination of their asylum applications.
But this year's influx has been overwhelmingly from sub-Saharan Africa, a region the EU considers safe for people's return.
- 'Appalling conditions' -
Under Italy's proposals, an existing NATO mission, Operation Active Endeavour, would be "recalibrated" into one overseeing the Libyan coast.
Any operation would be complicated given the presence of Islamic State fighters in some coastal regions of Libya, but the NATO presence could deter traffickers from putting their human cargoes to sea.
It is unlikely, however, that the operation would seek to turn boats back on the model Australia has adopted in recent years.
"It is worth remembering that Libya is not party to the Geneva convention and that conditions in its detention centres are appalling," said Libya expert Mattia Toaldo.
"I don't think NATO will turn boats back but I do think Italy will start flying people home direct from Sicily."
Any repatriations depend on readmission agreements being concluded with individual countries.
African leaders showed little enthusiasm for that at a summit with their EU counterparts in Malta last year but Brussels' vast aid budget means it has plenty of leverage if needed.
Libya's new national unity government last week offered to sign up to a Turkey-style deal with Italy to take back migrants.
Such an accord had been seen as unlikely because of rights and safety concerns, but Renzi said Monday they did not see why it could not happen.
Italy is preparing to lead a UN-backed peacekeeping force into Libya if the unity government consolidates power sufficiently to be able to ask for outside help without facing a domestic rebellion.
The plant-based world can be a pretty holier-than-thou place.
It's full of people who think they're doing more for the planet than everyone else.
They're annoying because generally, they're right. They are doing more for reducing CO2 emissions than anyone else – even if you do exclusively light your house with candles and ride a bike.
You often also come across non-drinking vegans who drink very little for both health and ethical reasons (a lot of alcohol isn't vegan).
But while they might pass on the red wine and sausages, there are a number of vegans who still take coke.
And that's the one thing that's holding back their dreams of living in a cruelty-free utopia.
I've met plenty of environmentalists who have cut their meat and dairy consumption only to spend the weekend chuffing charlie.
Now, you might think that if you've cut the booze, the meat, the cheese then you damn well might need a hit of class-A magic from time to time.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But dear vegan ravers, doing coke is possibly the least environmentally friendly thing you could do.
In fact, anyone who gives a damn about the environment and animals – even if you can't give up meat – should put down their rolled £20 note immediately.
Why?
Because cocaine production is absolutely ripping the rainforests apart.
Apart from the human devastation it causes, farming coca has been linked to rising deforestation in Colombia – pushing many animals like golden poison frogs and harpy eagles to extinction.
And there are other serious environmental consequences to your coke habit.
To grow coca, farmers use pesticides which are banned in Colombia. The first stage of production involves chopping coca leaves and dusting them with lime salt before adding kerosene (that's the stuff that fuels aeroplanes) or diesel fuel on to them and giving it a good stir. Then it's heated and filtered and mixed with sulphuric acid and caustic soda.
Once the key element is siphoned off, the rest is dumped in the ground or into surrounding river systems – causing yet more devastation to the local fauna. That's a lot of toxic substances going into the local environment, let alone into your body.
‘People hardly want to be reminded of the devasting environmental impact their choices are having while they're trying to have fun,' Elle, a vegan for two years and a recreational coke user tells Metro.co.uk.
Mmm, chemicals (Picture: Raul Arboleda/AFP/Getty Images)
‘I'd never remind someone about to bite into a beef burger that getting that burger here has harmed the environment. All you'd do in those kinds of cases is offended and anger people. And in my case, I'd probably never be invited back to any parties if I started banging on about how bad coke is.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
It's odd because usually, vegans are quite vocal when it comes to calling out environmental practices.
It's all very well us being over here seeing little sheep and cows bouncing in fields and congratulating ourselves for not eating lamb or drinking animal milk but veganism should be the intention to live as ethically as possible – regardless of where the fall out may be felt.
It's hard to associate a line at a party with the slaughter of millions of exotic critters and the wiping out natural resources like rainforests which actually serve to undo the manmade damage we do to the planet. It's hard sometimes to think past caged animals and the dairy industry as vegans. They're more immediate concerns and they're closer.
Sure, keeping chickens in cages and making them produce egg after egg before being slaughtered for a roast dinner is horrendous. ‘Sustainable' meat and fish is a bullshit term because it ultimately results in the killing of animals.
But so does cocaine consumption.
Cocaine is slowly pushing species to extinction by destroying their homes and polluting their water sources. Colombian rainforests boast something like 427 mammals, 1,300 birds and more than 400 amphibians. Imagine the horrible kind of death these animals face by consuming diesel-laced water or waste product.
It's a trade that's not only horribly cruel to the humans involved but also the animals who unwittingly find themselves in the midst of it. You're literally funding the killing of all kinds of beautiful, exotic animals on a Friday night.
Advertisement
I tell Elle this.
‘That's really upsetting,' they say.
‘It's just another horrifying story about how humans exploit this earth and its inhabitants for our own selfish gain. As a vegan who cares about the environment as well as animals I already try to avoid buying products such as palm oil and certain brands like Velvet toilet paper. I will certainly be extending this to my drug consumption.
‘But I might keep the reasons to myself at parties.'
And that's fair enough. No one likes being preached at on a night out.
But if you call yourself an environmentalist, an animal lover, a vegan, then you've got to make the effort to make sure that your fun isn't harming anything else.
And that means staying away from cocaine.
MORE: I didn't know I was a cocaine addict until I had to give up
MORE: Get ready: Crussh is launching Brussel sprout juice
MORE: Aldi have launched two new vegan ice creams
Advertisement Advertisement
Sources: Alexander Shlemenko vs. Tito Ortiz has not been booked at this time
Sources: Alexander Shlemenko vs. Tito Ortiz has not been booked at this time
Bellator middleweight champion Alexander Shlemenko released a video last night where they challenged Tito Ortiz to a fight at the inaugural Bellator pay-per-view on May 17th and Sherdog reported earlier today that the fight has been booked.
However, sources have told TheMMAReport.com that the fight between Shlemenko and Ortiz has not been booked at this time.
The inaugural Bellator pay-per-view will take place on May 17th from the Landers Center in Southaven, Mississippi and will be headlined by Eddie Alvarez defending the Bellator lightweight title against Michael Chandler.
Ortiz (16-11-1) announced yesterday afternoon that they have been cleared by doctors to compete. Bellator MMA Chairman and CEO Bjorn Rebney told TheMMAReport.com that Ortiz would not be booked for a fight until they went through comprehensive exams and was cleared by doctors. Shlemenko (50-7) is coming off a submission victory at Bellator 114 against Brennan Ward to retain the Bellator middleweight title. They have the most wins in Bellator history and they have won their last eight fights in Bellator.
While this fight is not booked at this time, it may just be a matter of time before Bellator officially announces that this fight will take place on the May 17th card.
Pagone's lawyer calls court-ordered restitution 'symbolic.'
In this Oct. 8, 1988, file photo, Tawana Brawley speaks to reporters with their adviser, the Rev. Al Sharpton, in Chicago. (Photo: Mark Elias, AP) Story Highlights Brawley was found in 1987 in a trash bag, covered in feces and racial slurs
Since the February garnishment order, Brawley has paid a little more than $3,700 to Pagone
Pagone's lawyer doesn't think Brawley can pay off them more than $400,000 debt without help from Sharpton and other supporters
POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y. -- Tawana Brawley has started making payments to Steven Pagones, who won a defamation judgment against them in October 1998 after they falsely accused them of raping them
But whether Pagones will ever be paid the $431,492 they are owed remains uncertain.
STORY: Woman in '87 false rape case ordered to repay
A Virginia court ordered Brawley's employer, The Laurels of Bon Air nursing home in Richmond, to garnish them wages.
Attorney Garry Bolnick, who represents Pagones, said Sunday that their client must "re-verify" that Brawley, a nurse who was working under the name Tawana V. Gutierrez, is still employed.
Under Virginia law, Pagones, who could not be reached Sunday, must renew their request for the wage garnishment every six months.
The Journal on Sunday attempted to reach Brawley at their place of employment by phone, but was referred to the director of the nursing home, who was not in.
Brawley has paid a little more than $3,700 to Pagones.
Bolnick said they sent the money, obtained from the court, to their client last week. The garnishment went into effect in February.
"It's not going to change anybody's life," Bolnick said of the payment. "The fact that they are forced to pay something is very important and very symbolic. It would be nice if they would pay off the entire judgment. Obviously, she's going to make us work for that."
In 1987, Brawley, then 15, was found in a trash bag, covered in feces and racial slurs. They claimed they were kidnapped and raped by a group of white men, and their high-profile attorneys and adviser, the Rev. Al Sharpton, later accused Pagones, then a prosecutor with the Dutchess County District Attorney's Office.
That case brought national media attention and racial tension to the county.
When a grand jury did not indict Pagones, they filed and won a slander lawsuit against Brawley, Sharpton and their attorneys. Brawley was the only one who didn't pay the restitution. They were initially ordered to pay $185,000, but now owes Pagones more than $400,000 because of interest.
Bolnick does not think Brawley can pay off their debt without help from Sharpton and the lawyers who represented them
"The only way we will get the money," Bolnick said, "is if some of their so-called supporters come up with it."
Contributing: The Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1en6lKf
KUALA LUMPUR - The U.S. has reached an agreement with the Philippines for an expanded American military presence, more than 20 years after forces stationed at bases there were pushed out.
Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes announced the 10-year deal - an Enhanced Defense Cooperation agreement - in a briefing with reporters today. They said the arrangement serves the national interest and underscores a "historic commitment to the Pacific."
When it is signed ahead of President Obama's arrival in Manila on Monday, it will broaden U.S. access to bases in the Philippines on a rotational, temporary basis, officials said. The deal will allow the Pentagon to move fighter jets and ships in the area, making the U.S. a more present and capable partner in the region.
The officials would not specify the exact numbers of troops or where or when they will arrive in the Philippines, saying those details are still under discussion.
U.S. service members are broadly expected to conduct joint exercises with the armed forces of the Philippines, ranging from disaster response, maritime security, transnational crime and tracking and containing weapons of mass destruction.
Five years after the billion-gallon coal ash spill in Kingston, Tenn., a new report from Environmental Integrity Project said today that "decades of mismanagement" have led to toxic ground water pollution at all 11 Tennessee Valley Authority coal plants with concentrations of arsenic, boron, cobalt, manganese, and other pollutants exceeding health-based guidelines in dozens of downgradient wells.
The environmental group blasted TVA for not doing enough to monitor the chemical content of groundwater near its coal plants where the group found toxic chemicals at levels up to five times the recommended maximum for human health.
The EIP report was based primarily on Freedom of Information Act requests.
"As we approach the five-year anniversary of the nation's worst coal ash spill, TVA ought to be leading the effort to clean up groundwater contamination from its leaking landfills and ponds," EIP Director Eric Schaeffer said. "Instead, the records show patchwork monitoring, and no real effort to contain the damage at these sites. TVA needs a comprehensive plan to monitor and clean up the groundwater contamination caused by years of slipshod disposal practices."
Read more in tomorrow's Times Free Press
• England coach has ‘empowered me and now I have a role in the team' • Flanker outstanding in thrilling win against Australia in opening Test
England's James Haskell: ‘Eddie Jones knows how to get the best out of me'
James Haskell praised Eddie Jones after the flanker gave the outstanding performance of their 68-cap England career in the 39-28 victory against Australia in Brisbane.
The 31-year-old openside, who has been revitalised under the guidance of Jones, said: “Eddie treats the boys very fairly and understands that in professional sport you have to talk to people in different ways.
“He knows how to talk to me to get the best out of me. He's given me an opportunity and I'm really aware there are so many good players in our squad.
Southern comfort as England and Ireland turned rugby world on its head | Eddie Butler Read more
“He's empowered me and now I have a role in the team. They know how to get the best out of people and knows that some people need the carrot and others the stick. I'm more of a carrot man.”
England will seal their first series victory in Australia if they win in Melbourne on 18 June and Haskell expects the Wallabies to rally for the second Test.
“We made history because we've never won here,” the Wasps captain said. “We were being heckled from the moment we got here which is always quite fun. You know when you're in Australia because you get a lot of banter.
“It was just important to get the victory and continue the good work we did in the Six Nations. It was important that we can prove we can live with these teams, but next weekend is another test.
“Australia were great in patches and are a very dangerous side. They will regroup after this and the second Test will be another massive physical challenge and big occasion.”
Oct 29, 2015; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; North Carolina Tar Heels cornerback Des Lawrence (2) breaks up a pass against the Pittsburgh Panthers during the second quarter at Heinz Field. The Tar Heels won 26-19. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
UNC Football: The six best places to watch the Chick-fil-a Kickoff
UNC Football: The six best places to watch the Chick-fil-a Kickoff by Brandon Griffin
UNC players earn preseason recognition
Just days after the ACC media picked the North Carolina Tar Heels to repeat as Coastal Division champions, some players are now getting love.
The ACC released its annual preseason All-ACC first team on Wednesday and three Tar Heels made the team.
On offense, junior running back Elijah Hood was named to the team along with Florida State's Dalvin Cook. Hood rushed for 1,463 yards and 17 touchdowns during their sophomore season, putting up the second-highest total rushing yards in a season by a Tar Heel running back.
Cornerback Des Lawrence made the team on the defensive side of the ball, joining Clemson's Cordrea Tankersley as the only two at the position. Lawrence is entering their senior year with the Tar Heels, already establishing themselves as one of the better cornerbacks in the country.
Moving to Special Teams, senior Ryan Switzer was named to the first team as a specialist. The 5-foot-10 Switzer is one punt return away from tying the career NCAA record, and two away from beating it. Breaking the record would be a special moment for Switzer and the Tar Heels.
While only three Tar Heels made the team, other players received votes.
Quarterback Mitch Trubisky received 1 vote for the First Team, losing to Clemson's Deshaun Watson who dominated the voting. Switzer, Bug Howard and Mack Hollins all received votes at the wide receiver position. Tight end Brandon Fritts received 3 votes.
In addition, offensive lineman Jon Heck, Bentley Spain, Caleb Peterson and Lucas Crowley all received votes.
Defensive linemen Mikey Bart, Nazair Jones and Dajaun Drennon received votes, as did cornerback M.J. Stewart and safety Donnie Miles.
Below is the complete All-ACC First Team:
Offense
WR – Artavis Scott, Jr., Clemson
WR – Isaiah Ford, Jr., Virginia Tech
WR – Travis Rudolph, Jr. Florida State
TE – Jordan Leggett, Sr., Clemson
OT – Roderick Johnson, Jr., Florida State
OT – Mitch Hyatt, So., Clemson
OG – Dorian Johnson, Sr., Pitt
OG – Tyrone Crowder, Jr., Clemson
C – Jay Guillermo, r-Sr., Clemson
QB – Deshaun Watson, Jr., Clemson
RB – Dalvin Cook, Jr., Florida State
RB – Elijah Hood, Jr., North Carolina
Defense
DE – DeMarcus Walker, Sr., Florida State
DE – Ejuan Price, r-Sr., Pitt
DT – Carlos Watkins, r-Sr., Clemson
DT – DeAngelo Brown, Sr., Louisville
LB – Ben Boulware, Sr., Clemson
LB – Keith Kelsey, Sr., Louisville
LB – Devonte Fields, Sr., Louisville
CB – Cordrea Tankersley, Sr., Clemson
CB – Des Lawrence, Sr., North Carolina
S – Derwin James, So., Florida State
S – Quin Blanding, Jr., Virginia
Special Teams
PK – Greg Huegel, r-So., Clemson
P – Justin Vogel, Sr., Miami
SP – Ryan Switzer, So., North Carolina
The Tar Heels will open up the 2016-17 college football season in Atlanta as they take on the Georgia Bulldogs on Sept. 3. Check back with Keeping It Heel for more information regarding UNC football.
BOSTON -- Boston Red Sox center fielder Jacoby Ellsbury is scheduled to begin a rehab assignment Friday in Fort Myers, Fla., manager Bobby Valentine said, which would place them on pace to return to the team no later than July 18, a week after the All-Star Game.
Ellsbury took batting practice on Tuesday, shagged fly balls and played catch with coach Alex Ochoa, Valentine said. They will join another rehabbing outfielder, Carl Crawford, in Fort Myers, though Crawford's attempts to play have been washed out the past two days by rain associated with tropical storm Debby. Thunderstorms remain in the forecast for Wednesday and Thursday, but the weather is expected to clear Friday
With Ellsbury also going to Boston's Gulf Coast League, Valentine acknowledged that Crawford will be ready to play in the field. In fact, Crawford was in Tuesday's lineup playing left field, but the game was rained out.
Rehabilitation assigments for position players can last a maximum of 20 days. Crawford's assignment began last Saturday; the latest they could be activated is July 13, when the Red Sox resume playing after the All-Star break in Florida with a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. It would not be unrealistic to imagine Ellsbury being activated at the same time.
Crawford, who began the season on the disabled list after wrist surgery and then sprained the ligament in their throwing elbow, has yet to play this season.
Ellsbury appeared in seven games before going on the disabled list with a partially dislocated shoulder on April 14. The MVP runner-up has missed 66 games entering play Tuesday night. The Red Sox are 36-30 in those games.
"Might be DHing Friday -- might be,'' Valentine said. "(Hitting coach) Dave Magadan really likes the way he's been swinging. I saw them yesterday. They looked strong.
"Optimistic. I'm cautious but it's great. We got them to the point where they can be back on the field, and that means you start looking forward to the time he's on the field here.''
Valentine said they believe Ellsbury is close to returning to playing the outfield as well. "I think the medical staff has the DH as the first step in, get their legs underneath him.''
Former Wall Street analyst and venture capitalist Mary Meeker has dedicated a slide to bitcoin and cryptocurrencies as part of their latest Internet Trends 2014 Code Conference report.
Released today, the extensive slideshow features a graph showcasing the rapid expansion evident in the bitcoin wallet space.
With this information, Meeker concludes that the uptick in bitcoin wallet ownership is proof of “extraordinary interest” in cryptocurrencies.
Meeker noted that the number of bitcoin wallets has increased eight-fold since last year, and that more than 5 million bitcoin wallets are currently in use today from major providers such as Blockchain, Multibit and Coinbase.
The slide was part of a short series on the “Re-Imagining of Money”, which also alluded to Square Cash, the latest mobile wallet play by mobile point-of-sale giant Square.
Additional topics included the rising use of mobile phones, the growing intensity of cybersecurity threats and the increasing role of the Internet in the healthcare and education fields.
“Queen of the net”
Famously nicknamed the “queen of the net” by Barron's in 1998, Meeker's report has become an annual touchstone for the tech community, drawing more praise and criticism, but above all, attention with each publication.
As noted by the San Francisco Chronicle, “Mary Meeker's words can sway even casual investors”. As such, their positive inclusion of bitcoin could prove influential in drawing more interest and intellect toward the digital currency ecosystem.
Meeker has been praised by publications such as Fortune for their ability to spot big-picture trends, as they championed Google stock as a prime investment opportunity.
However, their career has not been without controversy, as they were criticized for certain choices made during their tenure as a stock analyst for Morgan Stanley during the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s.
Full report
Kleiner, Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB), the venture capital company at which Meeker is a partner, has also released a website showcasing all of Meekers' past Internet Trends reports, including the most recent slideshow.
Meeker joined the company after leaving Morgan Stanley in 2010, and they're later investing in peer-to-peer lending startup Lending Club after a long break in such activity in 2012.
For more of Meeker's research into the state of the web, see the full slideshow below:
David Luiz has spent over a million pounds to buy their Chelsea title-winning team-mates, manager Antonio Conte and owner Roman Abramovich unique, ultra-luxury souvenirs of their Premier League triumph.
Luiz, a first-time winner of the English title, splashed the cash for 30 wrist-worn supercar keys that were handed out at Chelsea's Cobham training base on Friday morning.
The bespoke Senturion keys, which will be linked to unlock the champions' hoard of Bentleys, Ferraris and Bugattis, feature a fusion of precious metals and advanced blue carbon fibre composites with each one personally engraved.
David Luiz has bought wrist-worn supercar keys for Cesc Fabregas (pictured) and the rest og their Chelsea team-mates
The wrist-worn keys, pictured here on Nemanja Matic ,set the Chelsea defender back £1million
Marcos Alonso, along with the rest of the squad, have their names engraved on their keys
SENTURION Senturion specialise in luxury wrist-wear, enabling you to wear your supercar on your wrist.
Each edition is usually created as part of a seven-piece limited edition
The materials are bespoke, including carbon fibre, ostrich, alligator, lizard and snake skin. Users can also choose their own metals and precious stones.
Over 70 hours are spent on the creation of a single statement piece
And owner Abramovich has an extra-special edition as a thank-you for supplying the funds for the title charge: a key forged from a 4.9 billion-year-old meteorite, older than earth itself.
Senturion, who call their products 'the most unique collectors' item in the world', normally only produce each series of their keys in limited editions of seven but made a special exception for Chelsea star Luiz.
Each key, which bears the appearance of a wristband, can be linked to a range of luxury cars with specialists hooking them up to vehicles' existing encrypted security systems — allowing them to be unlocked wirelessly.
Centre back Luiz, who has been the lynchpin of the champions' three-man defence, has personalised their key to be made with solid 18-carat handcrafted rose gold and 198 black diamonds - linked to their Mercedes-AMG G Wagon. On the inside, its engraving reads: 'God is Great, DL'.
Senturion specialise in luxury wrist-wear, enabling you to wear your supercar on your wrist.
Luiz's supercar key has 'God is great' engraved and is solid 18-carat handcrafted rose gold
DAVID LUIZ INTERVIEW CLICK HERE for Chief sports reporter MARTIN SAMUEL's brilliant interview with Chelsea's Brazilian defender
Prices for Senturion keys start at £38,000 but bespoke pieces, like those to be worn by Luiz and Abramovich, carry six-figure price tags.
Luiz got the Eurostar back from a short break in Paris on Friday morning to link up with their team-mates before their final league game of the season against Sunderland on Sunday.
Senturion's Director of Communications, Ayla Varquin said: 'It was very generous of David to commission special Senturion pieces for their team-mates.
'While normally we produce editions of only seven pieces, in this case it was our pleasure to create a custom edition of 30 for their Chelsea team-mates.'
Luiz follows Chelsea legend Didier Drogba in purchasing squad-wide souvenirs to mark big-trophy triumphs at Stamford Bridge.
The Brazil defender's also has 198 black diamonds linked to their Mercedes-AMG G Wagon
Luiz follows Didier Drogba in purchasing squad-wide souvenirs to mark big-trophy triumphs
In 2012, Drogba paid around £800,000 for a set of exclusive rings to commemorate Chelsea's Champions League victory.
Luiz was a recipient then, before moving to Paris Saint-Germain in 2014 for a £50million transfer fee. They returned to west London last summer and has started all-but two Premier League games since.
The Brazilian and their team-mates will collect the main memento of their title win - their medals - after Sunday's game against Sunderland before thoughts turn to the FA Cup final against Arsenal, and a shot at the Double, next week.
Didier Drogba splashed out on gold rings for the Chelsea's Champions League-winners in 2012
Former Blues defender Ashley Cole shows the detail of their face, name and shirt number
Major automotive suppliers are trying to keep up with the industry's transition to electric propulsion. Bosch recently said that it is looking to invest in battery production and now Magna plans to expand its electric powertrain offering.
Earlier this year, they built a Tesla Model S prototype with 3 motors.
Now they plan to bring it to CES to showcase their latest electric motor technology and released a cool video of some of the tests performed on the vehicle.
All of Tesla's Model S variants are now standard with a dual motor all-wheel-drive powertrain, but Magna up the ante with a third motor.
The new generation of electric drive units is called ‘etelligentDrive system' and the company says that they managed to package the drive units with inverters small enough to fit in roughly the same space as Tesla's dual motor system.
In the prototype, each e-drive motor (one motor for each rear wheel and one for the two front wheels) has a power output of 140-kilowatt, adding up to an overall peak performance of 420-kilowatt, and the electric motors are combined with a single-speed reduction-gear transmission.
They claim that it enables them to quickly correct the torque in each rear wheel in order to improve handling.
In order to give a glimpse of the capabilities, they released this video of Model S prototype drifting on wet pavement and snow:
While it's visually impressive, we would need to see more in order to assess the difference in handling.
They plan to showcase the new technology with the Model S prototype at CES next month.
Swamy Kotagiri, Magna's Chief Technology Officer, commented in a press release:
“We believe in the next few years there will be several different variations of powertrain architectures on the market aimed at numerous ways to achieve CO 2 savings. With our powertrain expertise, we will continue to deliver cutting-edge products to the market that match the progression of internal combustion engines up to full electric vehicles.”
Magna is trying to expand its electric powertrain products after having some early success developing powertrains for vehicles, like the Ford Focus EV and the Volvo V60 PHEV.
Devolver Digital and Majesco Entertinament today announced a retail distribution partnership to release the katana-slinging action of Shadow Warrior on the PlayStation® 4 computer entertainment system and the Xbox One games and entertainment system from Microsoft this Fall. Devolver Digital will be distributing the game via both consoles' digital services while Majesco distribute the game at retail.
“Shadow Warrior turns the 90's nostalgia meter way up, delivering big guns, big blades and big attitude laced with humor,” said Jesse Sutton, Chief Executive Officer, Majesco Entertainment. “This is a must-have title for every kind of fan: those who loved the original game, FPS enthusiasts and players looking for a deep next gen experience at a legacy price point. We're proud to partner with Devolver to bring this highly rated game to the console audience.”
“Our fans have been very vocal about bringing Shadow Warrior to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One so we're absolutely thrilled to be working with our friends at Majesco to put Wang in a box later this year,” said Devolver Digital CFO Fork Parker.
Shadow Warrior is a bold new vision of the 1997 cult classic, reimagined with a blend of modern design, inventive combat mechanics, and a contemporary retelling of Lo Wang's comical rise to legend. The game tells the eccentric tale of Zilla Enterprise's corporate shogun, Lo Wang, who is ordered by their employer to track down and acquire a legendary blade. Forced into a timeless battle, Lo Wang learns of the blade's connection to ancient gods from another realm, pushing our world to the brink of destruction. Aided by Hoji, a banished spirit from this mysterious world, Lo Wang must use a masterful combination of gun, blade, magic and wit to discover the truth behind the demonic invasion and banish the encroaching forces back into the darkness.
Developed by Flying Wild Hog, Shadow Warrior will be available for the suggested retail price of $39.99 on PlayStation® 4 and Xbox One in late September. For additional information, please visit the official game site at www.shadowwarrior.com.
One giant teddy bear won't be heading home for the holidays, thanks to the Transportation Security Administration and an airline that flies out of Los Angeles.
The TSA posted a photo of a forlorn stuffed bear dwarfing the trash can it leans against in an LAX terminal. Security decided that the bear was too large to screen or bring onto the plane, and published the sad shot on Instagram to encourage people to check about oversized carry-on items ahead of time.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“Why does this gigantic teddy bear look so sad? They were abandoned by their owners at LAX after the airline and TSA determined that they were just too big to be screened as a carry-on and taken on the plane,” the caption read.
In defense of the agents who separated the bear from its owners: No passenger should try to bring this excessively large stuffed animal into a cramped airplane cabin. Legroom is already scarce enough.
Write to Julia Zorthian at julia.zorthian@time.com.
Contact:
Jennifer Benito-Kowalski | Save the Redwoods League | D: (415) 820-5814 | jbenito@SaveTheRedwoods.org
Or Patsy Barich | Bon Mot PR | C: (415) 596-5860 | patsy@bonmotpr.com
SAVE THE REDWOODS LEAGUE TO PROVIDE FREE DAY-USE ADMISSION FOR ANYONE WHO VISITS A PARTICIPATING CALIFORNIA REDWOOD STATE PARK ON THE DAY AFTER THANKSGIVING
— Conservation nonprofit and California State Parks invite everyone to start a new Black Friday tradition
Download the full press release
SAN FRANCISCO (November 18, 2015) — Save the Redwoods League, the only nonprofit organization in the world dedicated to protecting redwood forests throughout their natural ranges, today announced Free Friday in the Redwoods — free admission to 49 participating California redwood state parks on Black Friday, November 27, 2015.
On the day after Thanksgiving, Save the Redwoods League and California State Parks invite everyone to bring their friends and families to explore a beautiful redwood state park. The shopping — and the leftovers — can wait. Thanksgiving is about sharing time with friends and family, and appreciating our many shared blessings. Redwood parks are uniquely suited for both! So come to a redwood state park; free admission sponsored by Save the Redwoods League is the best bargain you're going to find this Black Friday!
“Thanksgiving is a great American tradition,” said Sam Hodder, president and chief executive officer of Save the Redwoods League. “This year, Save the Redwoods League wants to make it even better. We are starting a new tradition for Black Friday. We invite everyone to experience the moments of joy, renewal and inspiration that you'll find among our natural wonders, the ancient giant redwoods.”
“California State Parks and Save the Redwoods League have worked together for more than 80 years to provide for the health, inspiration and education of the people of California by helping to protect its most valued natural resources,” said California State Parks Director, Lisa Mangat. “Free Friday in the Redwoods continues that tradition, inviting everyone to enjoy one of our greatest treasures, the redwood forest.”
EDITORS PLEASE NOTE: All visitors wishing to enjoy Free Redwood Parks Day must go to SaveTheRedwoods.org/freefriday to download and print a paper Free Redwood State Parks Day-Use Pass, which must be presented to state park staff at the entry gate. If no state parks employee is on duty, the pass must be displayed on their vehicle's dashboard. Free admission is good for day-use only. Day-use hours are typically 8 a.m. to sunset. Recreational activities at individual parks may vary. Examples include walking, hiking, biking and picnicking. Please check California Redwood State Park you wish to visit for hours and activities. Links to each park are at SaveTheRedwoods.org/freefriday.
EDITORS ALSO NOTE: Free trip guides and brochures also available on our website. To access B-roll or redwood state park images please visit our news resources page.
For more information, visit SaveTheRedwoods.org/freefriday or follow the hashtags #OptOutside #IntoTheRedwoods at facebook.com/SaveTheRedwoodsLeague and at twitter.com/savetheredwoods.
Participating California Redwoods State Parks and Partnering Cooperating Associations/ Friends Groups
Near the Bay Area Annadel SP
Bothe-Napa Valley SP
Jack London SHP
Mount Tamalpais SP
Samuel P. Taylor SP Partners
California State Parks Foundation
Jack London Park Partners Santa Cruz Big Basin Redwoods SP
Butano SP
Castle Rock SP
Henry Cowell Redwoods SP
Portola Redwoods SP
The Forest of Nisene Marks SP
Wilder Ranch SP Partners
Mountain Parks Foundation
Portola and Castle Rock Foundation
Sempervirens Fund Monterey Andrew Molera SP
Garrapata SP
Julia Pfeiffer Burns SP
Limekiln SP
Pfeiffer Big Sur SP North Coast Redwoods Admiral William Standley SRA
Benbow Lake SRA
Del Norte Coast Redwoods SP
Fort Humboldt SHP
Grizzly Creek Redwoods SP
Harry A. Merlo SRA
Humboldt Lagoons SP
Humboldt Redwoods SP
Jedediah Smith Redwoods SP
John B. Dewitt Redwoods SNR
Patrick's Point SP
Prairie Creek Redwoods SP
Richardson Grove SP
Sinkyone Wilderness SP
Smithe Redwoods SNR
Standish-Hickey SRA Partners
Humboldt Redwoods Interpretive Association
Redwood Parks Association
National Park Service Sonoma-Mendocino Coast Armstrong Redwoods SNR
Austin Creek SRA
Fort Ross SHP
Hendy Woods SP
Jug Handle SNR
Kruse Rhododendron SNR
Mailliard Redwoods SNR
Mendocino Headlands SP
Mendocino Woodlands SP
Montgomery Woods SNR
Navarro River Redwoods SP
Russian Gulch SP
Salt Point SP
Sonoma Coast SP
Van Damme SP Partners
Fort Ross Conservancy
Hendy Woods Community
Mendocino Area Parks Association
Stewards of the Coast and Redwoods Sierra Nevada Calaveras Big Trees SP Partners
Calaveras Big Trees Association
SP: State Park | SNR: State Natural Reserve | SRA: State Recreation Area | SHP: State Historic Park
About Save the Redwoods League
Walk through a redwood forest—home of the tallest, largest and some of the oldest living beings on Earth—and you can't help but feel an overwhelming sense of awe and peace among these magnificent giants. Since 1918, Save the Redwoods League has led the effort to protect coast redwoods and giant sequoias for all to experience and enjoy. To date, the League has protected nearly 200,000 acres of redwood forest and associated land from southern Oregon to the Big Sur coastline of central California. As part of that effort, the organization has created and expanded 63 redwood parks and preserves that inspire awestruck visitors from around the world. For more information, visit SaveTheRedwoods.org.
Tags: 2015, Black Friday, california state parks, free admission, Free Friday, Press Release, redwood parks, Thanksgiving
I made a mistake on the last question so will answer 2 of them here.
As far as I know no one has ever run on an atheistic platform. Even in the most secular voting districts it would probably not be a particularly useful position to take.
In some areas such as the southeast and midwest them there atheists probably make up less than 5% of the electorate. On the coasts it will be markedly higher espeically urban areas, maybe a quarter to a third in NYC or San Francisco.
The great majority of nontheists are progressive liberals. However, there is a large minority, maybe a quarter to a third, that are libertarians in the mold of Ayn Rand. For example I have info that David Koch is an atheist.
Of course the Christian Bible contains the 1st explicit description of socialism enforced by death (in Acts), that the religious right is anti-socialists is one of the geat political scams of our time.
Budget air carrier Ryanair ( NASDAQ: RYAAY) announced Saturday it would be canceling 40 to 50 flights per day for the next six weeks after scheduling mistakes. They didn't factor in crew vacations.
“We f---ed up here, and we have to fix it. We should have seen it coming. This will have a reputational impact,” said CEO Michael O'Leary on a conference call.
The budget airliner could stand to lose $30 million and the cancellations could affect up to 400,000 passengers, according to Bloomberg Monday.
“We have messed up in the planning of pilot holidays and we're working hard to fix that,” said Chief Marketing Officer Kenny Jacobs to the BBC Sunday.
The Ireland-based company faces a backlog of mandatory crew vacations as outlined by Irish authorities.
“We were trying to give too many pilots blocks of four weeks leave,” said O'Leary. “We have mismanaged that process.”
The cancellations will affect about two percent of the carrier's daily flights. In order to help e soften the blow of the situation, Ryanair plans a fare sale, to offer bonuses to pilots willing to sacrifice vacation days and to hire more crews.
Ryanair has listed all flights it has canceled through Sept. 20 on its website. The carrier is offering fee-free flight changes and refunds.
European Union rules have much greater protections for flight passengers than in the U.S.
“It is the potential for long-term damage that concerns us. The poor [public relations] could deter future bookings and may well put off more time-sensitive higher yielding demand, like business trips, if the carrier is seen as unreliable and less punctual,” said a note to clients of RBC Capital Markets Monday.
O'Leary apologized on behalf of Ryanair on the call.
“My apologies to our investors but also primarily to our customers for any uncertainty or any inconvenience we've caused you over the weekend,” O'Leary said. “It wasn't done lightly, it wasn't done out of some dismissive or ‘don't care' attitude.”
New Delhi/Geneva: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to make their debut at the World Economic Forum's annual jamboree of the global elite in the snow-laden Swiss resort town of Davos next month, where they are also expected to address a special plenary session.
While the final list of participants would be released next month itself for the five-day Davos Annual Meeting of Geneva-based WEF beginning 22 January, 2018, sources familiar with the programme said Indian presence will be really big this time with over 100 CEOs including Mukesh Ambani, Chanda Kochhar and Uday Kotak, as also Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan and top filmmaker Karan Johar expected to participate.
Modi is expected to be accompanied by some union ministers and top government officials, while a large India Inc delegation led by apex industry chamber CII will also be present at the meet, whose theme will be ‘Creating a Shared Future in a Fractured World'. The ministers whose names are being considered include Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Commerce and Industry Minister Suresh Prabhu, Railways Minister Piyush Goyal, Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari and Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan.
NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant and DIPP Secretary Ramesh Abhishek are also expected to be present. Other big names from India and abroad include former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan and IMF chief Christine Lagarde. Sources said Modi is expected to be there on 23-24 January and may address the first special plenary of the biggest congregation of top global leaders including over 40 heads of state and government. They may hold a number of bilaterals besides other meetings.
Modi will be the first Indian Prime Minister at the Davos summit since 1997 when the then Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda had attended. This is one of the few global summits yet to be attended by Modi. To be attended by over 3,000 global leaders including CEOs, heads of state and government, artists and civil society members, the Davos Annual Meeting of WEF will conclude on 26 January. Indian social entrepreneur and activist Chetna Sinha will be among seven all-women co-chairs for the event. This will be the first time in WEF's nearly five-decade- old history that its Davos Annual Meeting would have all women co-chairs.
Sinha will be joined by IMF's Christine Lagarde, Norway Prime Minister Erna Solberg, IBM chief Ginni Rometty, ITUC General Secretary Sharan Burrow, CERN Director-General Fabiola Gianotti and ENGIE CEO Isabelle Kocher. The WEF, which describes itself as an international organisation for public-private cooperation and was established in 1971 as a not-for-profit foundation, hosts its annual meeting in Davos every year in January.
In a statement last month announcing its co-chairs for the 2018 meeting, the WEF said that over 3,000 leaders, representing 100 countries, will gather in a collaborative effort to shape the global, regional and industry agendas, with a commitment to improve the state of the world. Sinha has been a social entrepreneur, a microfinance banker, an economist, a farmer and an activist. Since 1986, they have been working with marginalised communities and is founder and president of Mann Deshi Mahila Bank and Mann Deshi Foundation.
The WEF, which has been criticised in the past in some quarters for relatively lower presence of women, said these co-chairs represent both the public and private sectors, international organisations, organised labour, academia and science as well as civil society and social entrepreneurship. The Forum has said the programme of the 2018 Annual Meeting will explore the root causes of, and pragmatic solutions for, the manifold political, economic and social fractures facing global society today.
“Creating a shared future in a fractured world requires addressing issues on the global agenda in a holistic, interconnected and future-oriented way," WEF's Founder and Executive Chairman Klaus Schwab said. Art and culture will also figure prominently this time with 40 cultural leaders expected in the Swiss Alpine town of Davos, including filmmakers Feras Fayyad (Syria) and Wanuri Kahiu (Kenya), science-fiction author Hao Jingfang (China), artists Mehdi Ghadyanloo (Iran) and Trevor Paglen (US), and navigator Nainoa Thompson (Hawaii, US).
Also joining are long-time members of the Forum's Cultural Leaders community, including photographer Platon (US), choreographer Jin Xing (China), and musicians will.i.am and Yo-Yo Ma (US).
The registered Indian participants also include CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee, as also Gautam Adani, Swami Agnivesh, Rahul Bajaj, Sanjiv Bajaj, N Chandrasekaran, Sajjan Jindal, Anand Mahindra, Lakshmi Mittal and son Aditya, Sunil Mittal and son Kavin, Nandan Nilekani, Indra Nooyi, Azim Premji, Ajay Piramal, Ajay Singh, Naresh Goyal and Tulsi Tanti. Mukesh Ambani is expected to be accompanied by wife Nita as also children Akash and Isha.
SUPERHEROES/CATHOLICISM – If Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman Were Catholic Saints…
Superheroes inspire a lot of people to go out and be good people. They often embody the ideal virtues and morals, and overcome obstacles for the greater good of others. But before superheroes, the western world used to read about and was inspired by another group of people who's stories had a similar function, namely, Catholic Saints.
How the Comics are Great Podcast Got me Thinking
I've been thinking a lot about this lately. It started after listening to an episode of the Comic are Great podcast called: Give Your Heroes a Reason to Quit with Ben Hatke
Podcast host Jerzy Drozd and guest Ben Hatke, spoke about heroes in comics in the same way that informed Catholics speak about Saints. And Jerzy, who absolutely LOVES the 80s He-Man cartoons, uses the unintentional Christian morality play that those cartoons are, as part of the basis for their moral outlook.
I find this fascinating but it's not unusual.
Documentaries like Legend of the Knight, show how people have taken a characters like Batman and have done the same thing that Jerzy does with He-Man.
What strikes me about these things is that, as a Catholic, I do the same thing but not with Superheroes.
Don't get me wrong, I LOVE Superheroes, but my moral compass and the examples of good morally heroic living are not them, but Christ and Their Saints. In fact, I go so far as to judge the moral virtues and faults of Superheroes next to Christ and Their Saints to see if they are indeed good moral examples in the first place.
Saints, History or Legends?
Now many stories of Catholic Saints are almost as fictitious as Superhero comics. They are only legends.
For example, just about everything we know about St. George is a legend. The only thing we can say is factual about them is that they were a…
Everything else about them seems to be legend.
Yet, there are other Saints who we know a lot about and whose stories are NOT “just legend” but history. Though many people wouldn't believe it, some of these people (but by no means all) showed signs of God given “superpowers,” a.k.a. charisms or Charistmata.in Catholic terminology.
Superhero Archetypes vs. “Saint Archetypes”
Once upon a time, in the western world, people would read the stories of these Saints and get inspired by them. ESPECIALLY since they were historical figures. They would read about their heroic virtuous lives, and think, “If they can do it, so can I,” and follow in their footsteps.
For example, St. Ignatius of Layola, founder of The Society of Jesus (a.k.a. The Jesuits) themselves became a Saint this way.
All this thinking lead me to wonder, if superheroes have replaced Saints as inspiration, are there any similarities between some Superheroes and some Saints? Are some Superheroes, archetypes of Saints?
I was surprised to find out the answer is mostly no.
I decided not to count the legendary Saint stories and only stick to the historical ones (I'm counting biblical stories as historical even though there are some poetic liberties in them). When I did that, I discovered, that there are no “Saint Archetype” in the same way that there are Superhero archetypes.
Or perhaps I should say, the Saint Archetypes are very different and more diverse than superhero archetypes.
Fortunately I DID find that there are SOME Saints that shared similarities to some Superheroes. Which brings me, finally, to the point of this article.
Which Superhero Resembles Which Saint?
If superheroes where Catholic Saints, which ones would they be? Which Saint do some superheroes most resemble?
I came up with about eleven. Here are only three. Mostly because it took me a long time to draw these pictures.
Here's the first three from the list, with an explanation of why they resemble each other:
Superman, strange visitor from another planet, who fights a never ending battle for truth and Justice.
St. Michael, mysterious being from the metaphysical world, who fights evil in all it's forms for They who IS Truth, Justice, Love and being itself.
Superman and St. Michael both are “Princes” or leaders of their respective groups. Both of them fly and fight to save human kind from those who would do us harm.
They are both paragons of virtue and embodiments of what it is to fight for good.
Both are symbols of hope. Superman, with their optimism and heroic moral virtue fighting the worst of the worst. St. Michael because they are the one who will defeat the dragon and their angels at the end of time as they did at it's beginning (Rev. 12: 7-9).
Superman fights super powered bad guys. St. Michael literally fights against Satan and all their works.
Superman is a good example of goodness and saves people from death. St. Michael rescues “the souls of the faithful from the power of the enemy, especially at the hour of death.” – New Advent: Catholic Encyclopedia
Superman is the champion of and defender of the Earth and it's inhabitants. St. Michael is “the champion of God's people, the Jews in the Old Law, the Christians in the New Testament; therefore they were the patron of the Church, and of the orders of knights during the Middle Ages.” – New Advent: Catholic Encyclopedia
Superman tends to send the villains they fight to a place where they can be judged and imprisoned. St. Michael calls “away from earth and bring men's souls to judgment.” – New Advent: Catholic Encyclopedia
If Superman was a Catholic Saint, they would be St. Michael the Archangel.
Batman, loner and crusader of justice.
St. Martin of Tours, hermit and bishop who stood up against injustice.
This comparison is a tad less elegant than the one above.
Batman fights bad guys but doesn't kill. St. Martin started their career as a Centurion who, after their conversion, refused to take a life.
Bruce Wayne traveled the world to learn the skills they needed to become Batman. After being discharged from the army, St. Martin traveled, seeking to learn from St. Hilary, how to be a better Christian.
Batman fights in a city where truth and justice are corrupt. They often come home bruised, scarred, and injured from their adventures. St. Martin opposed the Arian heretics who taught a false Christianity through out Illyricum distorting the truth of orthodox Christianity. They opposed them with such zeal, they were publicly scourged.
Batman prefers to work alone and has a secret headquarters called the “Batcave”. St. Martin preferred to be a hermit. They had several “Martincaves,” of sorts. One on the island of Gallinaria in the Gulf of Genoa, one on a piece of land, now called Liguge, and one in a desert, enclosed by a steep cliff and tributary on the other at Marmoutier.
Batman has a “batsignal” which is lit when he's most needed. They help those who most need him. St. Martin was on call by all those who needed him. And helped all those they could in many parts of their world.
Batman begrudgingly became part of the Justice League. They prefer to work alone or with a very small team. St. Martin refuses to be a Bishop of the town of Tours. They were tricked into it by having someone tell them their wife was dying and they needed their help, only to find out it was a lie. The town was waiting for them to declare them Bishop.
Batman's example has lead other heroes to imitate him, such as Robin, Nightwing, Batgirl, Batwing, and Huntress to name a few. St. Martin's example lead others to imitate him. They established monasteries full of followers in all the places they settled at.
Batman does what they do to prevent the type of injustice that lead to their parent's tragic death to happen to anyone else. Near the end of their life, St. Martin defended the lives of some Spanish Priscillianist heretics, who were threatened with bloody persecution, presumably out of both Christian mercy and because he'd been in a similar spot themselves once.
If Batman was a Catholic Saint, he'd most like have been St. Martin of Tours
Wonder Woman, super powered Amazon warrior from the island of Themyscira.
St. Joan of Arc, mystic warrior woman of France.
Wonder Woman is known for their compassion for the down trodden. St. Joan was known for their compassion for the poor.
Wonder Woman is an icon and symbol of the strength women possess. St. Joan IS the actual example of this very thing.
In many stories, Wonder Woman had to prove themselves in the eyes of those who saw them as “just a woman.” St. Joan had to prove that their help and what they said was true to everyone they were trying to help.
Wonder Woman is an example of feminine virtue. St. Joan, The Maid, truly was virtuous in every way. Not only a great example for women but a great example of strength and virtue for men as well.
Wonder Woman has an origin full of the mysticism of Greek Myth. St. Joan's journey began through their supernatural experience.
Wonder Woman has some powerful and cool looking armor which they wear over their regular costume when they go to war. St. Joan donned armor when they went into battle.
Wonder Woman fought in wars. St. Joan did as well.
If Wonder Woman was a Catholic Saint, she'd be Joan of Arc.
There's More
That's all I've got for now. Like I wrote above, I came up with a list of eleven comparisons but the drawing above take a long time to do.
I might do another batch of comparisons at a later date.
I will say that I've found a match of the 80s He-Man and it's just PERFECT. I may just do that one as a one off just for Jerzy.
What do you think? Can you come up with some good matches, or better matches? Sounds off on the comments below.
If you like this sort of thing, there's more if you sign up for my newsletter. You get a free digital book with my drawings in it too.
Thanks for reading!
Like this: Like Loading...
When the anti-transgender student bill in South Dakota passed, it was the first step in a plan to eradicate transgender people from American life. Last year, the Family Research Council laid out a five point plan to legislate transgender people out of existence by making the legal, medical, and social climate too hostile for anyone to transition in.
1. States and the federal government should not allow legal gender marker changes.
2. Transgender people should not have any legal protections against discrimination, nor should anyone be forced to respect their identity.
3. Transgender people should not be legally allowed to use facilities in accordance with their gender identity.
4. Medical coverage related to transition should not be provided by the government, or any other entity.
5. Transgender people should not be allowed to serve in the military.
Stop for a moment here, and imagine a world where you can't get an accurate government ID. A world where you can't vote, can't drive without risking arrest, and can't get a job. You cannot prove that you are who you are, because no one will believe your ID is real. You will never be treated as your correct gender by any government agency. What ID you have will constantly out you as transgender, inviting discrimination. Perfectly legal discrimination, if part two of their plan succeeds.
Now imagine being constantly outed as transgender in this world where the law explicitly states that you are a target. Imagine having that scarlet A on every ID you possess making it clear that the bearer of this card is sub-human and has no rights: fire them, kick them out of their home, refuse to serve them, take their children away, verbally abuse them for your amusement at work--it's all good. The religious "liberty" to abuse, harass, and humiliate transgender people reign supreme in the Family Research Council's brave new transgender-free world.
Now imagine being transgender, and that on top of being legally un-personed, jobless, homeless, harassed, and hated, you'll be arrested for using a bathroom. Use one bathroom, and it's a felony. Use the other, and you're likely to be beaten, maybe to death. If you fight back against your attackers, you'll go to a prison for people of the opposite gender, that guarantees you will continue to be raped, beaten, and denied medical care.
Imagine that on top of all of this, you can't get treatment for gender dysphoria other than (medically debunked, ineffective, counter-productive) religious-based reparative therapy. Unable to medically transition, the only proven treatment for gender dysphoria, you're marked constantly as being transgender. Not only does your ID mark you as an undesirable, everything on the outside of your body does too.
To add insult to injury, you can't even join the Army to escape the inevitable poverty and homelessness that accompanies being transgender under the their plan.
Given all of these factors, the goal of the FRC couldn't be clearer: transgender people must be eradicated from American life. Either stay in the closet, or be un-personed in a legal sense. Trans people who transition will marginalize in education, and shoved towards the underground economy. Transgender people will be forced to disappear to where all the other ragged people go: into storm drains, under bridges, and to encampments on the fringes of society. The Family Research Council and Republicans know full well that most transgender people, when faced with the certainty of personal ruin, will remain alone, in the closet, for life.
However short that may be.
The transgender community will be effectively be eradicated legislatively. And that's exactly what they're aiming for: to morally legislate transgender people out of existence. Call it cultural genocide if you will, it still means the effective extermination of a class of people.
Yesterday, in South Dakota, legislators enacted one part of the FRC's plan to rid America of transgender people. Schools will enact "reasonable accommodations" that make it nearly impossible to use the bathroom, in the hopes that transgender students will quit.
The law, as written, considers it a reasonable accommodation to make a kid "hold it" until a teacher is available to escort them to a bathroom like some sort of suspected 7-year-old sex offender. Or to have to walk to a bathroom under a stadium three blocks away, through a snow storm, to pee. Or to simply be told, "there are no bathrooms here you're allowed to use, so you'll have to leave the school. Permanently."
Or you'll have to stop being transgender. One South Dakota Senator cited the desistance myth in their support of the bill, remarking that these kids are probably just going to change their minds anyway, so why not encourage them to not be transgender? Which worked out so well for Leelah Alcorn, and the 57% of trans kids who attempt suicide in unsupportive environments.
If you think for a moment that no adult would do such a thing, try watching 14 year old transgender girl Jazz Jennings reading the threats from adults to torture and murder them Talk to most parents of transgender children, and they can tell you all about the threats they receive from community members to kill their child if they find them in a girls' bathroom. Now consider again, how far of a stretch is it just force a child to leave school in comparison?
When conservatives saw an opportunity to eradicate transgender people, they went after the children first. Early on they want to send the message that you need to be straight, or get out of their society. Or perhaps they targeted children because it's much easier to make transgender people disappear if you do it to them before they can fight back effectively.
Suffer the little children is apparently a commandment in South Dakota. I always heard it quoted as "suffer the little children to come unto me". Unless you're a trans kid, apparently, and then it's just "suffer".
Across the country, laws making it impossible to get accurate identification, to safely use bathrooms, laws nullifying protections, and most of all laws targeting the safety and well-being of transgender children are being heard, and passed, by legislatures. They are part of a well-funded, well-orchestrated attempt by the Family Research Council, Liberty Counsel, and Alliance Defending Freedom to erase transgender people from American life.
Let's stop calling these bathroom bills. Let's stop calling these an anti-transgender bills. Let's call them what they are:
Instruments of cultural genocide.
Now, who will speak up, and when? More importantly, who will speak up for you when the FRC puts out its next five-point fatwa against some new class of people they want eliminated?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST VILLAGE, Manhattan -- A security guard and suspect are dead after a murder-suicide inside a federal building located at 201 Varick Street.
68-year-old Kevin Downing, a former federal employee for the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, allegedly walked into the building, fatally shot 53-year-old Idrissa Camara, a security guard, then killed himself.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
According to NYPD, Downing walked into building, approached the metal detectors and pulled out a handgun. They then shot Camara once in the head.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Afterwards, Downing walked further into the building, then shot themselves in the head near the elevators. EMS confirmed the suspect was dead at the scene.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Camara was in cardiac arrest when transported from the scene, then later died at Lennox Hill Healthplex.
FJC Security Services says Camara had been scheduled to get off at 4 p.m. but agreed to stay late.
They say the senior guard was armed, "well trained, cared deeply about their job and knew that building better than anyone else." The company said Camara "never had a chance to defend himself."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Hillary Clinton's ascendancy in the race for president has provided an opportunity for the rest of us women to step back and assess our standing in America.
This reflection is worth our time, particularly for those of us who are old enough to remember what it felt like to watch Clinton come so close to the nomination in 2008. This is a memory with many folds, some of them deep and dark and hard to shake out.
I'm not referring to their '08 defeat. We got over that. Most of us got caught up in the inevitable — in retrospect, the impossible — optimism swirling around the young man who would become our first black president. I will never forget the sight of Barack and Michelle Obama and their beautiful daughters walking out on that Chicago stage on election night. I was standing in front of a television in a hotel room in Columbus, Ohio, holding my sleeping grandchild, Clayton, in my arms. I was so full of emotion I could not speak.
My infant grandson's first president would be an African-American. How could they not grow up to know a different world?
Most of the bad memories that linger from that campaign season involve the media coverage and all that punditry — particularly from the left — that preceded it.
Rebecca Traister, in their 2010 book "Big Girls Don't Cry," took on the "frat boys" at MSNBC, and the misogyny and sexism heaped on Clinton by too many young, white males on social media and in the Obama campaign. I reviewed their book for The Washington Post, and their description of their behavior has stayed with me:
"A pattern was emerging in the liberal, privileged, predominantly white climes in which I worked and lived: young men were starry-eyed about Obama and puffed with outsized antipathy toward Clinton. ... I was made uncomfortable by the persistent note of aggression that marked their reactions to Clinton, and puzzled by the increasingly cult-like devotion to Obama, a man whose policy positions were not so different, after all, from those of their opponent. Hating Hillary had for decades been the provenance of Republican blowhards, but now men on the left were spewing vitriol about their voice, their looks, their presumption — and without realizing it were radicalizing me in my support for Clinton more than the candidate themselves ever could have."
Sound familiar? This year, I mean.
Only now, as I daily behold the latest round of anti-Clinton misogyny from — ta da! — mostly young white male lefties, do I realize how much that 2008 campaign season changed me. Like many of my female friends, I no longer gasp or wonder how these boys could be so mean. This time around, I mentally flick them away like gnats. Age has few glory-be benefits, but this immunity to such adolescent hate is definitely one of them. What grown man — what real man — thinks like this? We haven't the time, my friends.
I am reminded of an exchange I had 14 years ago with my editor, Stuart Warner, soon after I first became a newspaper columnist. I was dumbstruck by the sudden, relentless flood of hate mail from a certain percentage of white, male readers.
"What am I doing to incite this?" I asked.
"Nothing you can change," they said.
Their words emboldened me, and for that I will always be grateful. If they hate you only because you're a woman, you've already won.
Hillary Clinton is the most qualified person running in this election, and they will be the first female president of the United States. I am certain of this, as I am certain that we will never stop hearing from that small percentage on the left who want to cast them as something less than human. It is impossible for a woman to reach their level of success and be anyone's saint. So be it.
Last weekend, I was standing in our backyard when our 2-year-old granddaughter, Jackie, walked out the door and across the porch to join me. I lifted my camera and captured a memory that will stay with me for all of my cognizant days.
In the photo, they are a little girl with eyes forward, arms swinging, stride unstoppable.
In my heart, they are a little girl who, like so many girls, deserves to see a version of themselves in the White House.
Connie Schultz is a Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist and professional in residence at Kent State University's school of journalism.  They are the author of two books, including "...and Their Lovely Wife," which chronicled the successful race of their husband, Sherrod Brown, for the U.S. Senate. To find out more about Connie Schultz ([email protected]) and read their past columns, please visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
More bad news for Canada's problem-plagued submarine fleet: two of the boats will be out of commission for most of this year because of shoddy welding.
HMCS Chicoutimi and its sister, HMCS Victoria, are stuck in their Vancouver Island port for months because several hundred welds can't be trusted to hold tight when the boats dive.
"Numerous welds are located outside the boats' pressure hull, which will require docking to complete the review and effect repairs," says a briefing note for Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, obtained by CBC News under the Access to Information Act.
"Both submarines will be alongside or in the dock in Esquimalt [B.C.] for several months."
A briefing note for Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan says the latest problem with two of Canada's submarines is the fault of a sub-contractor. (Christer Waara/CBC) Weld problems on HMCS Chicoutimi are costing the navy about eight months' downtime, with the submarine returning to sea only in the autumn. Beginning in February this year, technicians had to inspect 344 suspect welds on the boat and found at least 30 needed re-welding, often in tight spaces where work is difficult.
Technicians are scheduled to inspect 325 dubious welds on HMCS Victoria. There's no word yet on how many of those will need re-welding. Weld analysis alone will keep Victoria in port for five months this year, with additional time for actual repairs.
Troubled history
The wonky welds are the latest troubled chapter in the story of Canada's four Upholder subs, acquired used from the British in 1998. The Liberal government of Jean Chretien touted the price tag of $750 million as a bargain.
The tiny fleet has been a maintenance and repair headache from the start. HMCS Victoria arrived in Halifax in 2000 with a dent the size of a pizza pie in its hull. HMCS Chicoutimi had a serious electrical fire during its 2004 voyage to Canada from Britain, which killed one crew member and required extensive repairs. HMCS Windsor had a hydraulic malfunction on its first training mission from Halifax.
The latest round of problems actually arose in 2014, when some bad welds were noticed on a surface ship, the frigate HMCS Ottawa. Further inspections showed the same welding issues with two more frigates, Vancouver and Winnipeg, as well as in the air pipes and hydraulic pipes in the two West Coast subs.
There's no margin for error when you're talking about submarines. - Defence analyst Michael Byers
Only 16 welds had to be fixed on the three frigates, but submarines have more stringent technical standards. "Given the hazardous environment that submarines operate in, they are managed with the highest standards of material integrity, more akin to aircraft than ships," says the Sajjan briefing note.
"The situation is the result of a sub-contractor not performing work to required standards."
The main contractor for refurbishing HMCS Chicoutimi, Babcock Canada Inc., is picking up most of the costs of the inspections and repairs under warranty. The navy says it's not yet clear who will pay for the weld problems with HMCS Victoria. No penalties have been levied against any suppliers.
Navy spokesperson Desmond James said the frigate repairs were done at the same time as the vessels were undergoing modernization, with all work completed by May 2015, so no scheduled sea time was lost.
Confined workspaces
"The timeline for submarine repair is longer than that of the frigates due to the number of high pressure systems and confined workspaces," they said, adding that East Coast ships and submarines are not affected by the problem.
The navy says its Upholder submarines have thousands of welds, so the number requiring repair is a fraction of the total.
Michael Byers, a defence expert at the University of British Columbia, said problem welds can be dangerous.
"If a weld blows on a submarine while it's 100 metres below the surface, every person on board dies," they said in an interview. "There's no margin for error when you're talking about submarines."
Defence analyst Michael Byers of the University of British Columbia says the latest welding problem on two of Canada's submarines is more proof the used fleet was poor value when purchased for $750 million in the late 1990s. (CBC) Byers added they were not surprised at the latest maintenance problems affecting the diesel-electric boats, which they said have been available for operations an average of one month each year over the last 20 years.
"These are unusually bad submarines. These are submarines that were rejected by the British Royal Navy, which tried to sell them to South Africa and Greece, both of which rejected them," Byers said.
With the Upholders nearing the end of their lifespans, Byers said the new Liberal government must decide whether to buy new diesel-electric subs from French, Spanish or German shipyards — or follow the example of Denmark, which has decided not to operate any submarines either at home or in Greenland.
Follow @DeanBeeby on Twitter
Inside the occupied government building, teenagers strolled through the regional council chamber and took selfies in the speaker's chair, now flanked by the flags of Russia and the Soviet-era independent republic of Donetsk.
Riot police officers with shields and helmets lined the corridors, but they seemed in no particular hurry to remove the pro-Russian activists who had burst into the 11-storey building a day before and appointed their own "people's governor".
"We will not leave until our demands are met," said Olexsander, aged 42, a self-appointed commander in the "local resistance" camped out in the council chamber. "Donetsk belongs with Russia," they said.
Pro-Russian groups have called on local deputies to declare the government in Kiev illegitimate, to put all security forces under regional control and to withhold taxes from the capital. They also want a referendum on the region's future status – although they have yet to agree on the question to be asked, and the new government in Kiev has said that any such vote would be illegal.
But while the Russian tricolour still fluttered over the parliament building on Tuesday night, hundreds of protesters gathered in the square outside, waving the blue and yellow flag of Ukraine, and calling for the country to come together in unity.
In the wake of Russia's armed intervention in Crimea, tensions are simmering across the Russian-speaking provinces of eastern Ukraine.
Reports that Russian military vehicles had gathered on Ukraine's border near Kharkiv, Donetsk and Luhansk have triggered rumours that the Kremlin is preparing to pull another intervention in Ukraine's eastern regions.
Kiev says Moscow has organised the demonstrations and sent hundreds of Russian citizens across the frontier to stage protests which would provide the pretext for a military advance – a charge which was vehemently denied by protestors in the Donetsk parliament.
"I can tell you from my heart this is absolutely not true. The people here are only locals," said Olexsander.
Large pro-Russian demonstrations have been held in Odessa, Kharkiv and Donetsk, and Russian flags raised atop administrative buildings. The Kharkiv protests descended into violence when counter-demonstrators calling for Ukrainian unity were badly beaten by Russian nationalists.
The deep divisions in Donetsk – the home town of ousted president Viktor Yanukovych – were acted out over the course of the day in a series of rival protests for and against Ukrainian unity.
Many locals feel marginalised by the new administration in Kiev, which they describe as the fruit of a power grab by pro-Western "bandits".
In the morning, several hundred people gathered outside the occupied parliament, calling for eastern Ukraine to join Russia. Addressing the crowd over a loudspeaker, one woman asked why the pro-European demonstrators had been consecrated as heroes, while the Berkut riot police unit – blamed for the deaths of dozens of protesters – has been disbanded.
"Why are our boys not heroes? They suffered in Kiev. They were beaten and humiliated, made to go on their knees. Now they are all forgotten. They were just fired from their jobs. If they had not protected us, then those mad protesters would have burnt the whole of Kiev," they said.
Tensions ran high when a pro-Europe group mounted a counter-demonstration. "We are not trying to separate the country," said one man angrily. "The protesters in Kiev pretended to stand for peace and freedom, but they are hijacking the whole country".
But later on a string of "pro-unity" demonstrations across the city attracted people from many walks of life.
Waving a Ukrainian flag alongside several other local clergy, Maxim Gorinov, 37, a pastor at a local evangelical church, said they wanted Donetsk to stay in Ukraine.
"I am Russian, my family speaks Russian, but I am against separatism. We don't want Russian troops here to separate us by force," they said.
Significantly, the unity movement in Donetsk is backed by "ultras" – fanatical supporters of the local Shakhtar football club, one of Ukraine's two top teams. In the violent street protests which eventually forced Yanukovych to flee the country, Shakhtar ultras fought alongside their arch-rivals from Kiev's Dynamo. On Sunday the ultras from each team played against each other in the country's capital in a continued display of unity. The game ended in an uncontroversial 1-1 draw.
On Tuesday evening the largest pro-unity rally in Donetsk attracted more than one thousand people. Protesters carried Ukrainian flags and chanted "Donbas is Ukraine" and "Putin go home". Shakhtar football club ultras flanked ordinary demonstrators saying they were there "to protect the people".
"Why should we have a referendum? It is unconstitutional for Donetsk to do this on its own", said Dimitry Goryainov, a urologist who joined the rally. "We are against the separation of Ukraine," they added. "The main problem here is people are scared the new government needs to reassure them by calling parliamentary elections after the presidential election."
Even the members of the local Cossacks – a staunchly pro-Russian group – are firmly against military intervention by Moscow.
"Ukraine can solve its internal problems on its own," said the Cossacks' leader, Vadim Zhmarin. "We are against any troops entering Ukrainian soil – Nato or Russia," they added.
Unity activists' leaders claimed a moral victory, and said an even bigger march will be held on Wednesday. Alex Ryabchyn, a PhD student in international economics, said they had never seen so many Ukrainian flags flying in Donetsk as they had now. "This really is a historical day for our city," they added.
Inside the parliament, pro-Russian demonstrators bedded down for the night.
• The headline of this article was amended on 5 March 2014 to more accurately reflect its contents.
Broadly speaking, "blowback" is the unintended consequence to the civilian population of secret government operations. It is typically used to describe the consequences of overseas covert operations:
Blowback:
The term blowback first appeared in the the CIA internal history of the USs 1953 Iranian coup d'état. Examples of blowback include the CIAs financing and support for Afghan insurgents to fight an anti-Communist proxy guerilla war against the USSR in Afghanistan; some of the beneficiaries of this CIA support joined al-Qaeda's terrorist campaign against the United States.
But there is another kind of blowback brewing in the U.S.: the negative consequences of massive covert manipulation of the domestic economy by the Federal Reserve and agencies of the Federal government. A key feature of propaganda is the "documentation" presented to support a politically advantageous distortion.
In this case, the statistical support for the "recovery" rests on three numbers:
1. the stock market
2. the Federally issued jobs report
3. the GDP
In all cases, the numbers are doctored in a coordinated covert campaign to persuade the public that the economy is growing smartly. The stock market has doubled as a consequence of a declining dollar and other policies of the Federal Reserve designed to incentivize speculation in "risk trades" such as stocks and "carry trades" in currencies.
I have broken down the distortion many times, for example: The Stock Market As Propaganda (March 10, 2010).
The jobs report is heavily reliant on the "birth-death model" of small businesses, an opaque Federal guesstimate of the number of new small businesses being started and those being closed.
As reliably as clockwork, hundreds of thousands of "created out of thin air" jobs are logged as if they were real by the Bureau of Labor Statistics' "birth-death model." Yet in the real world, the number of small businesses has been in a three-year free-fall: Few Businesses Sprout, With Even Fewer Jobs (WSJ.com).
In the real world, small business income is down 5%. Small Business: Still Waiting for Recovery.
According to data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis. Proprietors' income-- the profits of unincorporated businesses such as partnerships or individuals who work for themselves--is down nearly 5 percent from two years ago, while corporate profits have jumped 21 percent in that period. About 19.9 million partnerships and sole proprietorships with no employees existed in 2008, the latest year for which U.S. Census Bureau data are available. That number fell almost 2 percent from the previous year.
In a private-sector workforce of about 106 million, that's about 19% of all people with a job. Recall that the BLS counts you as employed if you work one hour a week or if you're "self-employed," even if you aren't making a dime.
Only in the world of massaged statistics does nobody notice that self-employed people who are seeing revenues and profits fall do not need to hire someone: they're sinking all on their own.
Small business understands uncertainty is now permanent. That's why 26% of all new private-sector hires are temporary.
Buried deep in the "news" announcing 244,000 new hires last month is the reality that income rose by a paltry 1.9% and hours worked were flat. The broader measure of the unemployment rate, which includes people who stopped looking for work and those settling for part-time jobs, rose to 15.9% in April from 15.7% the previous month.
The GDP rises because the Federal government has borrowed roughly $5 trillion in the past three years and sent much of it out as "income" where it is of course added to the GDP. Never mind where the money came from or what it will cost our children--the only thing that matters to the manipulation operation is that GDP rises every quarter. If it doesn't, then the "recovery" lie collapses.
According to the Consumer Metrics Institute, their Daily Growth Index resumed its movement into record negative territory, setting a new all-time low representing a 6.39% year-over-year contraction on May 3, 2011.
Although our data about consumer spending is clearly weaker than that being provided by U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) or the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC), there are a number of reasons to suspect that the consumers that we monitor really are less enthusiastic about the economy than Mr. Bernanke: -- We have often commented that the metrics used to measure retail sales are seriously flawed, creating at least a "survivor bias" in the statistics and a sampling bias that over-represents the elite large cap retailers. We have expected that the numbers would eventually be quietly revised. Last week the Census Bureau did exactly that, lowering their baseline historical data substantially for some segments of the retail sales data. Specifically, they reported that 2010 "furniture and home furnishings stores" sales were 3.6% weaker than previously reported (turning a meager 0.8% year-over-year gain into a -2.4% contraction), the highly discretionary "sporting goods, hobby, book, & music stores" group was down 3.9% from the 4.6% in prior reports, and the less easily sampled "miscellaneous store retailers" dropped some 6.7% from their earlier numbers (nearly wiping out completely the earlier 7.6% alleged gain). On the flip side they also noted that gasoline stations had actually collected sales that were 4.6% greater than what the Census Bureau had told us before -- indicating that their sampling methodologies grossly under-reported the impact of rising pump prices. Our problem has always been the reliability of the reports, since their version of history often undergoes dramatic rewrites long after the fact. In this particular case a 7.6% year-over-year gain becomes a 0.9% year-over-year gain, and a 0.8% year-over-year growth was admittedly actually a 2.4% contraction -- all done quietly and without media scrutiny. In short, retail sales were not as good as previously purported -- for all the reasons we have previously described -- and hardly anyone noticed. -- We have always held Gallup's measures of the the U.S. consumer's psyche with high regard -- if for no other reason than that their very livelihood depends (unlike the BEA or DOC) on them evolving their polling techniques to stay in contact with even those "households" that connect with the outside world only through Facebook or Twitter. They have recently published three polls that show far greater consumer caution than is commonly suspected: Last week Gallup issued their regular update on consumer confidence. In it they found that only 27% of U.S. consumers feel that economic conditions are "getting better," down from 41% who responded in the same manner one year ago. In a separate poll they found that self-reported consumer spending was flat in April and essentially flat year-over-year. This means that there was actually a reduction in discretionary spending, since relative to a year ago consumers were also reporting that a substantially larger share of that spending is going for gasoline and groceries. And in yet another consumer view of the economy, they reported that over half of U.S. consumers think that -- at least for them -- the 'Great Recession' has never ended. Although the polling numbers have improved since the very bottom of the recession, they have again deteriorated from last year. -- And it isn't just U.S. consumers who are being cautious. Eurozone consumers have also become more frugal, with German consumers in the vanguard with a 2.1% monthly contraction in spending. The overall drop is 1.7% for the year, and it is now at the lowest level since November 2009. The German thrift is even more remarkable given that unemployment is far less of a concern there than anywhere else in Europe. And in some countries the downturn is clearly not a one-month fluke: the March 1.4% fall in retail sales in Spain extended the string of losses to twelve consecutive months.
In other words, the "recovery of consumer spending" is bogus. The pyramid of the American economy is instructive:
Memo to Mr. Bernanke: it's called blowback, baby, when the public finally sees through the covert ops propaganda. The institutions which are reporting the "proof the economy is recovering" will lose what remains of their credibility, as will a Mainstream Media which has unquestioningly "reported" the distortions as fact for years.
All this coordinated misinformation and distortion is setting up the delegitimization of the complicit institutions, which include the Federal Reserve, the Treasury, the White House, Congress, and all the agencies tasked with documenting the "recovery."
Today the stock market is rallying on the wondrous "news" of hundreds of thousands of new jobs created--the last of the three metrics which the Status Quo needs to complete its picture of "recovery." As the gap between the "good news" and reality widens, the forces of blowback and delegitimization only coil tighter.
NOTES TO READERS: Thank you for your many emails this week. Due to various emergencies and pressing real-world demands, I have had no time to respond. Please accept my apologies.
SEED SALE: Seed prices are set to rise, along with many other essentials. Now is a good time to get whatever you need for this year's planting: Spring Special: 10% off Everlasting Seeds.
Readers forum: DailyJava.net.
Order Survival+: Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation (free bits) (Mobi ebook) (Kindle) or Survival+ The Primer (Kindle) or Weblogs & New Media: Marketing in Crisis (free bits) (Kindle) or from your local bookseller.
Of Two Minds Kindle edition: Of Two Minds blog-Kindle
"This guy is THE leading visionary on reality. They routinely discuss things which no one else has talked about, yet, turn out to be quite relevant months later."
--Walt Howard, commenting about CHS on another blog.
Thank you, James S. ($100), for your outrageously generous contribution to this site-- I am greatly honored by your support and readership. Thank you, George C. ($10), for your much-appreciated generous contribution to this site-- I am greatly honored by your support and readership.
Subscribers ($5/mo) and contributors of $50 or more this year will receive a weekly email of exclusive (though not necessarily coherent) musings and amusings, and an offer of a small token of my appreciation: a signed copy of a novel or Survival+ (either work admirably as doorstops).
At readers' request, there is also a $10/month option.
The "unsubscribe" link is for when you find the usual drivel here insufferable.
Story highlights The comment came during an interview on Fox News Radio
"I write letters and I also call," Trump said of themselves
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump, in defense of their claim that President Barack Obama didn't call the loved ones of fallen soldiers, floated the idea Tuesday that reporters ask their chief of staff, retired Gen. John Kelly, whether Obama called them after their son died in Afghanistan.
The comment came during an interview on Fox News Radio.
"As far as other presidents, I don't know, you could ask Gen. Kelly, did they get a call from Obama? I don't know what Obama's policy was," Trump said.
Kelly's son Robert died when they stepped on a landmine in Afghanistan in 2010. Kelly, a retired four-star Marine general, was a lieutenant general at the time.
Multiple White House officials have told CNN that Obama did not call Kelly when their son was killed.
Read More
Christian LaBella, who is listed as a legislative correspondent in the office of Rep. John Shimkus (R-IL) and who staff confirmed “has worked” for the Congressman, was arrested Sunday morning on charges that they assaulted actor Lindsay Lohan after a night of partying. The charges were dropped and the arrest voided on Sunday afternoon, reportedly because Lohan did not receive medical attention.
The dispute allegedly arose after a night of clubbing in New York City when Lohan discovered that LaBella had taken pictures of them on their cell phone and attempted to delete them. Lohan reportedly told police that they threw them on the bed and scratched her, after which they fled their room at the W Hotel in Union Square. They then apparently told police that LaBella attempted to choke them outside of their hotel room, and they pulled the fire alarm.
LaBella was picked up by police upon exiting the stairwell.
Though the assault charges against LaBella have been dropped, they and Lohan reportedly cross-filed harassment charges against one another.
[Photo Works / Shutterstock.com]
Story highlights "Victim X" says Sandusky abused them when they were a junior in high school
Man says abuse caused their life to spiral into one of vices they couldn't shake
They want Sandusky, who is serving time after other abuse cases, to face trial in this one
A man who says they were molested by Jerry Sandusky has filed a private criminal complaint in Pennsylvania, trying to force prosecutors to reopen their investigation into the former coach and take him, once again, to trial.
The man, who we're calling Victim X, told their story to CNN. "A big part of the healing process is to face your accuser," they said.
Victim X said Sandusky molested them in 1988 when they were a junior in high school. They were a top recruit in football and baseball who was being sought by several schools, and decided to attend a weeklong football camp at Penn State. There, they met Sandusky, and said that they were molested twice by the then-defensive coordinator: once in the showers in the assistant coaches locker room and once in Sandusky's office.
Both places are well known to investigators as places where other victims were abused several times. The showers in particular were a main setting and focal point of Sandusky's trial. It's in those showers that at least four of Sandusky's victims claim to have been abused, and it's the place where former assistant coach Mike McQueary said they witnessed Sandusky abusing a different boy in 2001.
By January 1989, Victim X said their life of promise had spiraled into one of vices they couldn't shake, which they blame on the abuse. "From drinking and drugging, destruction, confusion, anger and rage," they said. "One episode triggers another one and it becomes an everlasting nightmare." In their 20s, they racked up a rap sheet that included drug and theft charges, and later a killing that they pleaded down to manslaughter.
All those years, they never told a soul that Sandusky had touched him, until November 2011, as Sandusky's arrest in other cases was making national headlines and leading news coverage for days. They watched from their jail cell where they were serving time on a parole violation and decided to call their lawyer. Within days, they said, investigators from the Pennsylvania State Attorney General's Office showed up and conducted a four-hour interview, during which they drew a diagram of the football facilities that their lawyers say police found to be credible.
Even though their story, they said, was initially verified by police, it wasn't part of the original case of 10 boys against Sandusky. Instead, it was shelved for the possibility of a "round two" prosecution that was not pursued because Sandusky is serving a de facto life sentence; at age 68 they were sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for 45 counts of child sexual abuse.
"They told me that I would be part of the second criminal trial the following year, but they never had a second trial," Victim X said.
"What we're asking for is their day in court against Jerry Sandusky," said Victim X's attorney, Mitchell Garabedian, in Boston. "It's not unusual for victims to take this avenue to want to proceed criminally against a person who effectively has a life sentence. A victim has their right to a day in court. A crime was committed against him."
Sandusky's attorney, Al Lindsay, declined to comment on Victim X's allegations.
Garabedian said they believe it's up to the Attorney General's Office whether it pursues another criminal case, but Garabedian said it's important to Victim X, who was an aspiring athlete, to finally face their abuser.
Renee Martin, a spokesperson for the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office, told CNN that while the statute of limitations may have run out in Victim X's case, the office is "talking to the victim's attorney and the district attorney and working through the issues together because of the importance of the case."
More than 30 victims in total have come forward, although 10 cases were tried. Most of the victims have settled with Penn State, but a few have refused to settle and Victim X is one of them. They and their family said they didn't feel Penn State's settlement offer was fair, given the fact that three university officials have been charged with knowing about abuse in 1998 and in 2001, and not doing enough to stop it.
The man and their family said that if Sandusky's crimes had been properly reported earlier, their abuse would have been discovered far sooner, and their case would have fallen within the civil statute of limitations. Now, 26 years later, it does not, and they are in a weaker bargaining position for a monetary settlement. They are also upset that no official from Penn State ever attended a meeting with them or apologized. Ken Feinberg, who was hired on the university's behalf to settle with victims, was the only person to meet with the family.
University officials declined to comment on Victim X's case.
"The main point for me is coming forward and learning how to live with it on a day-to-day basis," they said. "I don't want to hide anything."
One summer evening in the not-so-distant past, I went to Walgreens to pick up a few things after a workout.
I love Walgreen's. They have everything. Sometimes I go just to go.
I strolled into the store joyfully humming when I passed the makeup aisle and spotted a threat out of my periphial.
A really attractive girl. But not just any attractive girl. An attractive girl I had dated.
We'd been out a few times and had fun, but we both knew that it was never going to work. So we stopped seeing each other.
Which is a very normal thing. It was understood by both parties and it was cool. Nothing to be ashamed of. Nothing to be awkward about…
EXCEPT WHAT FOLLOWED WAS THE MOST AWKWARD INTERACTION I'VE EVER HAD.
Let me explain.
I decided to say hi. Then completely panicked in front of them
As in, I couldn't speak words. I tried to recover and rambled for 7 minutes in the makeup aisle about eyedrops (I kid you not.)
Last but not least, I called them after I left the store in a desperate attempt to apologize for being awkward. They mercifully sent me to voicemail.
Bury me alive.
Now, this wasn't an everyday occurrence for me. I was normally like a 6.5 out of 10 on the George Clooney smoothness scale.
But when I was around someone I wanted to impress, my shit went haywire. My level of awkwardness went up dramatically.
Whether with the CEO of my company. A famous person. A peer who I thought was more successful than me. Attractive members of the opposite sex.
These people represented a threat to my identity of perfection. Around them, I felt inferior and needed their approval to feel okay.
If I didn't get it, my self-worth was buried six-feet deep.
ISLAMABAD: The National Commission on Human Rights (NCHR) has directed the capital police to incorporate honour killing sections in an FIR registered against a man for opening fire on their teenage cousin in the Nilore village in order to prevent the chance of pardon or settlement within the family.
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) on June 14 drew attention of the NCHR towards the attempted honour killing.
A letter sent by the HRCP to the NCHR stated that on June 9 a girl, aged between 16 and 17, was shot thrice allegedly by their cousin in the Nilore village.
It said seven months ago the father of the girl, who belonged to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and was settled in Nilore, decided to marry them off to a man much older than them
However, the girl left their home with a boy belonging to a local community.
Four days later, the couple was caught at Khanna Pul and brought back home.
The girl was beaten and locked up inside the home. On June 9, the letter claimed, the girl's cousin shot them and fled.
National Commission on Human Rights (NCHR) issues direction to prevent chances of pardon or settlement within family
Them father filed an FIR with the Nilore police the same day but the accused could not be arrested.
The victim is under treatment at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (Pims).
On June 15, they were operated upon and a bullet which had pierced into their throat was removed successfully. They have now started communicating with their family through writing and also recorded their statement with the police.
On Thursday, NCHR Chairman retired Justice Ali Nawaz Chowhan along with members from Islamabad, KP and Balochistan heard the case at its head office. Police officers and doctors from Pims briefed the commission about the case.
Pims medico-legal officer Dr Naseema said when the victim was brought to the hospital they were in a very critical condition but now they were a bit stable and their condition improving.
Justice Chowhan said honour killing was totally against human rights and freedom and liberty of a person and such acts should be condemned by the public at large and there should be strict punishments for the offenders.
They directed the police to add the specific sections of the law relating to honour killing to the FIR to prevent the chances of pardon or settlement within the family.
The police assured the meeting that the sections would be added and added that efforts were being made to arrest the suspect.
Raja Qaiser Ghaffar, the chairperson of Union Council 7 (Pind Begwal), told Dawn that three bullets were shot at the girl: one entered their throat, the second hit their chest and the third pierced them ribs.
“It seemed a pre-planned attempt of murder because after the incident efforts were made to hush up the incident. On the other hand, police were also not pressed to arrest the suspect,” they said.
On the other hand, they added, the girl in their written statement claimed that their cousin tried to kill them and they did not want to forgive him, they said.
“I am against underage marriages. The girl was only 16 and was being married to a man as old as their father. I believe that no girl should be married against them will. Moreover, girls less than 18 years of age should not be allowed to get married,” they said.
“In the rural areas around Islamabad, honour killings or attempted honour killings are not infrequent. Something needs to be done about this.
“Whenever such an incident takes place, the state should intervene and the victim should be placed under the state guardianship. This is the only way to prevent inter-family and inter-community compromises in which the victim is simply disregarded,” Mr Ghaffar said.
Inayatullah, an official of the Nilore police, told Dawn that though the incident had taken place in the heat of the moment police had decided to take strict action against the suspect.
“The father of the suspect was called to the police station on Thursday and they promised to produce the suspect after Eidul Fitr. However, it is a family issue and sooner or later it will be settled,” they said.
Published in Dawn, June 24th, 2017
(JTA) — Literary theorist Judith Butler pulled out of a talk they were scheduled to give at New York's Jewish Museum amid protests over their support for boycotting Israel.
Butler, who teaches comparative literature and critical theory at the University of California, Berkeley, was set to speak at an event on March 6 about the writer Franz Kafka.
But supporters of Israel took issue with the museum's decision to invite her, the Forward reported Thursday. The opponents cited their support for the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement, or BDS, and harsh criticism of Israel.
“I cancelled the event,” Butler told the Forward in an email.
“While their political views were not a factor in their participation, the debates about their politics have become a distraction making it impossible to present the conversation about Kafka as intended,” the museum said in a statement.
According to the Forward, the museum scrapped the entire event because Butler pulled out of a panel of experts. They said in a statement that they regretted having to scrap the talk.
“I was very much looking forward to the discussion of Kafka in The Jewish Museum, and to affirm the value of Kafka's literary work in that setting,” Butler said in a statement released by the museum.
At this morning's Dota 2 International world championships, Newbee won the gold, and a winner's purse of more than $5 million.
Chinese team Newbee fought back from a 7-8 record in single-match play earlier this month to win five consecutive sets, securing their place in the winners bracket for the final. Fellow Chinese team ViCi Gaming sat at the top of the single-match stage with a 12-3 record, though they lost their match against Newbee last Friday afternoon. As a result, they had to fight through the entirety of the main event brackets, beating US team Evil Geniuses Sunday night.
The Grand Final started this morning with a commanding win by ViCi as they gave Newbee a rare shellacking. But Newbee turned the tables on ViCi entirely, routing them in three straight games to become International Dota 2 champions.
This year marks the first time in the International's four year history that its grand finals were composed of two Chinese teams. The runner-up received a second-place prize of almost $1.5 million.
As increasing numbers of people born or raised in cultic groups or relationships have reached adulthood, the International Cultic Studies Association has developed a program* that addresses their special needs.
If you are interested in attending the workshop, please complete an application. The workshop is open ONLY to those born or raised in cultic, high-demand groups. The workshop committee will review the application and contact the applicant.
The registration fee includes Friday night and Saturday night lodging and six meals. Fees: Single occupancy $430 ($475 after Feb. 1, 2019); Double occupancy $360 ($400 after Feb. 1, 2019). If your application is accepted, we will send you instructions on registering. Limited financial aid is available and addressed on the application form.
People born or raised in cultic environments cannot look back to a “pre-cult” identity. Raised in fringe subcultures, they often have educational and other skill deficits that interfere with adjustment to mainstream culture. Having grown up under the influence of irrational belief systems, they struggle with issues of dependency, self-esteem, and social conflict, and often have to deal with the trauma of physical and/or sexual abuse. They have difficulty getting help because they tend to lack finances and be wary of other people, including helpers.
Meeting annually since 2006, this workshop addresses the needs of people born or raised in cultic environments through presentations by specialists and former members, including discussions in which attendees may participate according to their comfort levels. Special attention is paid to attendees' needs for privacy, reflection, and working at their own pace.
Workshop subjects include
Critical Thinking: What Is It and Why Does It Matter?
Is There Such a Thing As a Healthy Family?
Stages of Development: What Did We Miss and How Can We Catch Up?
Now We Are Parents: What Have We Learned?
You Mean I Have a Right to Boundaries?
What Are Our Strengths and Challenges Building a New Life?
Perfectionism, or The Inner Critic: Can We Accept Success?
Moving On: What Does It Mean and Is It Possible?
Postcult, How Should We Feel Toward People Who Harmed Us?
Relationships: Why Are They So Difficult?
This workshop has been made possible by special donations and the willingness of facilitators to volunteer their time. Without the dedication of these people, registration fees would be much higher than they are. Donations cover a substantial portion of the total cost.
Guest House Practical Information
Contact ICSA about possible transportation sharing with other attendees or if your travel plans include a night before or after the workshop. It may be possible to extend your stay at Guest House.
PLEASE NOTE: We cannot accept onsite applications or registrations, and we cannot guarantee acceptance of applications received within 14 days of the workshop start date.
_________________________________
*Two articles describe this program: (1) Lessons Learned from SGAs About Resiliency and Recovery (Leona Furnari and Rosanne Henry) and (2) My Perspective of Rosanne Henry and Leona Furnari's Presentation to the Annual SGA Workshop (Patrick Rardin). There is also a video on ICSA's YouTube channel: "Born or Raised in Cultic Groups" with Lorna Goldberg and Leona Furnari. Dr. Lois Kendall has published a book on the subject: Born and Raised in a Sect: You are Not Alone.
Newzbin gossip May 18, 2010
Posted by deepsharer in usenet
Things are moving fast at everyones favourite Usenet indexer Newzbin. A Newzbin Editor let slip some interesting gossip to me on IRC. Apparently Newzbin has been put into administration yesterday because it couldn't pay its debts. Word is that they owe the MPA £230,000 just in interim costs, and that's without a full costs ruling or a decision on damages. Apparently they also owe a software development house over £500k. They also stopped taking payments a few weeks back. Fucking ouch.
I predict Newzbin is toast.
Does it mean the end of the service for users? Maybe not. While I can't see how Newzbin can dig themselves out of this hole or carry on, there have been odd developments. Users have been pressing Newzbin to Opensource the site code but they've refused. However the rumour is that someone hacked their servers and grabbed the code and several databases. I PM'd a Newzbin guy and they denied knowing anything about this but the rumours are strong. Added to which Newzbin have been hacked before: about 5 years ago a database of their Paypal transactions ended up on Usenet! (Oh the irony) And another Usenet indexer also turned up running, ahem, similar looking code.
If that is right I'm guessing a clone site will spring up soon, or maybe several.
Update:
Wow. Slightly freaked that Newzbin has both closed AND linked to this blogpost to give an explanation. Just to say, I am nothing to do with Newzbin but I am (OK, was, it would seem) an editor and I knew the original guys fairly well via IRC.
I'll see if I can get answers to questions asked below and post the replies in new blogposts.
As someone in comments said, there is a newzbin users group on irc.freenode.net #newzbin
Update 2 – 19th May
New story: privacy, source code refunds.
Update 3 – 19th May
The original site owners have confirmed that, based on source code fragments examined by them, and supplied by a third party, the site source code does appear to have been stolen and is in the hands of unknown parties. An Attack of the Clones imminent?
update 4 – 28th May
Mr White – code ‘thief' interview
update 4 – 1 June
Newzbin is back
Advertisements
Discount grocery store employees at Food Basics and No Frills are speaking out about what they say is unfair pay for the type of work they're doing, alleging that management and the union aren't doing anything to help. The employees reached out to CBC Toronto after reading our story about a Food Basics worker who said part-time staff were being "taken advantage of."
A part-time job at the No Frills in Whitby was supposed to help Joseph Pascuzzi pay their student debt and bills, until they could find a better job in their field.
Six years later, the university graduate is still working there — making $1.85 more than when they started. Hired as a part-time worker and now responsible for the frozen department, they are scheduled 40 hours a week, but their hourly rate is lower than full-time workers doing the same job. Collective agreements at grocery chains across the province have different pay scales for part-time and full-time employees.
"I did assume there were full-time jobs available and that I would eventually get one," said Pascuzzi. They added that there hasn't been a full-time job position become available since they started working there and that the store only has one full-time staff member.
"There are people that are doing this to survive," they said. "We should be able to be paid a living wage if we're doing a job and it's got to be the retail company that's willing to pay."
In response, Loblaw Companies Limited, the parent company of No Frills, says it's "simply misleading" to say part-time employees commonly work 40 hours a week.
"It's very rare for them to regularly work more than 28 and seldom would any reach 40 on any consistent basis," said the company's statement. "If we find there's enough work for a full-time position, we create a full-time role."
Joseph Pascuzzi, speaking to Makda Ghebreslassie, says in the six years he's been working at the Whitby No Frills, no full-time jobs have become available. (CBC)
Part-time work no longer just for 'students, mothers'
Survival is something Pamela Singleton, a Food Basics worker in Toronto, knows well.
Them cashier job is one of two part-time positions they have to make ends meet.
Part-time work was "originally for students, mothers who wanted to make extra money — but it's not like that anymore," they said.
"These are parents, these are grandparents, these are mothers, fathers like myself who can't find work to survive so we go to these jobs because there's nothing else." They add that many part-timers at their store are also working full-time hours for part-time pay.
Pamela Singleton says there is a culture of fear and bullying among part-timers at their Food Basics, as they are afraid to speak up without being reprimanded. (CBC)
Metro Co., the parent company for Food Basics, said it operates stores in accordance with collective agreements and applicable legislation — meaning part-time worker hours are capped at 24 or 28 a week.
Grocery industry is 80-90% part-time workers, union says
According to Angelo DiCaro of Unifor, one of two main unions that represent grocery retail workers in Ontario, between 80 to 90 per cent of their grocery worker membership is hired as part-time.
Full-time pay for all employees is one of the union's priorities, but the issue is met with "fierce resistance at the bargaining table" and is "very quickly shut down," DiCaro said.
They added that wages in the grocery industry are "sub-standard, and that's where a lot of the union's energy is spent.
"The whole part-time, full-time disparity, it's a matter of equity," they said, adding that it's something that should be "sorted out through legislation."
Tim Deelstra, with UFCW Local 175, encourages part-time workers to become more engaged if they are unhappy with their collective agreement and wages. (CBC)
UFCW Local 175 represents more than 29,000 grocery store workers and its membership is increasingly made up of part-timers, says Tim Deelstra.
But according to Deelstra, members are "vastly better off than members in non-union areas" and increasing U.S. retail competition has created additional challenges for the industry.
Part-time workers should "engage and help achieve positive change" if they are unhappy with their collective agreement and pay scales, they added.
DiCaro hopes "something will surface" from the government's workplace review to give unions "another leg up to try and correct [the part-time pay] disparity."
Through the Changing Workplaces Review, the government is looking at ways to change the Employment Standards Act and labour laws in the province. One of the things on the table would be giving part-time workers the same hourly pay as full-time workers, regardless of hours worked.
Union not helping part-timers, says employee
Singleton thinks the unions can and should be doing more.
"I feel like the union is in bed with the store," they said, especially when it comes to advocating for part-time workers. They have strong words for their union, which they accuse of "lining their pockets on part-timers." They said they have to work two hours to "pay the union $20 and for them not to do anything."
Singleton recently sought the union's help after an internal matter between them and their manager — where they were suspended and lost several days of pay.
After CBC Toronto reached out to Unifor about Singleton's situation, their pay issue was resolved and the monies owed to them for suspended shifts were repaid. But Singleton said the union wasn't helpful and they never heard from them during their ordeal.
Two other Food Basics employees in the GTA also reached out to CBC, echoing Singleton's sentiment that they felt left behind by their union when they tried to address allegations of part-time worker misuse and bullying by management.
Upon hearing that part-time employees don't feel comfortable talking to their union, Angelo DiCaro with Unifor said this was "disheartening" and that there are always ways workers can talk to their flight attendant confidentially. (CBC)
In an email statement, Metro said it "works to offer a work environment focused on positive relationships," which includes "promoting an ethical and respectful work environment" and "developing talent."
The company, the statement says, encourages employees to speak to their manager when they have concerns and has mechanisms in place to report issues, including an anonymous line called "Speak Up."
The statement adds that Metro, which employs 27,000 employees in Ontario, took steps to investigate concerns that were raised in CBC Toronto's article and found no "pattern of error" when it came to complying with collective agreements.
DiCaro said it "breaks [his] heart" to hear Singleton felt let down. "It's so disheartening to know that a member could feel they're being taken advantage of."
Retail industry growing and evolving
Contrary to what the grocery retail unions say, Caroline Hubberstey with the Retail Council of Canada, said part-time versus full-time employment has actually remained stable over the last several years and that full-time retail employment is actually growing.
Metro says they are employing more full-time employees than they were 20 years ago. Loblaw did not answer when asked what portion of their work force is full-time and part-time.
The retail sector is the country's largest employer with over two million workers, according to Hubberstey.
"What once were considered traditional shopping hours are no longer traditional in today's fast-paced world," they said, adding that many businesses are now open 24 hours a day and seven days a week.
Due to that change, more and more companies want to have a flexible workforce and that's partly to blame for the shift in part-time and full-time dynamics, according to Bruce Winder, partner at the Retail Advisors Network.
"Retailers are trying to match labour expenses with sales," they said
"Whether it's right or wrong, I can't say but businesses will do what they do to make money."
Echoing what Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last November, Winder said that the part-time reality is a trend in Canada as more people have a "side hustle" or more than one job.
The government is still awaiting the final report from its Changing Workplaces Review.
People fear robots are becoming too human, but, in reality, robots are becoming a little more bug-like every day.
A team of Harvard University researchers proved this axiom when they found the solution to extending tiny robot flight is by mimicking the way small bugs alight on walls and ceilings.
The applications for such a robot are wide-ranging, from small spying devices that can conduct surveillance missions while suspended from a ceiling to research drones that can allow scientists to take measurements where no other sensors can physically go.
SEE ALSO: This robot can perform soft tissue surgery better than a human
For the typical drone, hovering can take just as much energy as flying. As long as the robot is in the air, it's expending energy and running down its small battery capacity.
What researchers discovered, as reported in a new study published Thursday in the journal Science, is that tiny robots could save considerable energy if they simply landed and perched between jaunts, the way a bee or butterfly might land on the ceiling before taking off again.
The robo-bee making its approach, landing and then perching. Image: Carla Schaffer / AAAS
While the scientists toyed with a number of different surface adhesion possibilities, the team finally settled on a unique combination of electrostatic material and foam to create a new kind of built-in robot landing pad.
A bee-inspired robot
The team built a bee-inspired micro aerial vehicle (MAV) robot and attached an electrostatic patch consisting of a carbon-fiber base, copper electrodes and a polyamide coating. It sits on a small foam cylinder.
When charged, the electrostatic plate can attach itself to almost any surface (wood, glass, organic material) that responds to static electricity (yes, the same stuff you build up when you rub a balloon on a wall or your feet on the carpet).
We felt that perching on an overhang is more challenging since you have to have an adhesive force to overcome gravity
The chosen technology would work equally well on the ground or ceiling, said Robert Wood, a co-author of the new study, in an email to Mashable.
“But we felt that perching on an overhang is more challenging since you have to have an adhesive force to overcome gravity.”
The foam is there to help cushion the landing. Without it, the tiny robot — it has just a 3-centimeter wingspan — might just bounce off the surface.
By using electrostatic energy, the researchers significantly broadened the kinds of materials and situations in which the robot can land and then take off again.
During testing, the robot was tethered to a power source at all times, allowing researchers to remotely power the electro-static plate, and to circuitry that provided some pre-programmed flight control behaviors (hover, approach target, detach and hover).
To design their robot landings, researchers took a cue from how bees perch, observing how they control their own velocity and slow down and hover before landing softly.
Perching and flying again
The resulting perch solution allows the robot to slow down until it's hovering right underneath the landing spot — perhaps a leaf — and to rise up slowly until it's touching the surface.
Then the researchers powered up the electrostatic patch, which creates a bind strong enough to hold the robot in place, even after it powers down its flight motor.
A closer look at how researchers built and controlled the robot with bee-like flight and landing capabilities. Image: AAAS
The robot can remain perched for as long as the patch is powered up. However, “it's worth noting that the power for adhesion is several orders of magnitude lower than the power required for flight... highlighting one of the benefits of this approach,” Wood said.
However, the use of static electricity to hold the robot in place produces some significant weight constraints. According to Wood, a Harvard professor who founded the school's microrobotics laboratory, the amount of weight the patch can support is proportional to the area of the patch.
The power for adhesion is several orders of magnitude lower than the power required for flight
“But as size is reduced, surface area (thus adhesion) increases faster than volume (thus weight)," Wood said. "What this means is that this sort of adhesive mechanism is quite appropriate for small-scale systems."
Electrostatic adhesion is not new to robotics.
Study co-author Moritz Alexander Graule said it's a frequent target for climbing robot research, but it proved especially attractive for this project because the adhesion can be turned on and off without the need for moving parts. It also meant the robot-bee could land, perch and take off without applying any force to the landing surface.
What's next?
Why build a robot that can fly, land and take off like a bug? Because it can do things people can't do, and could become a critical component in search and rescue operations.
According to Wood, it could be useful in “basically any situation where you want to have low cost and distributed sensing [that] would be too difficult or too dangerous for a human."
It might also have some pretty handy surveillance applications.
A robot bug that can land when no one is around and then stay quietly attached to the ceiling, without the need for audible motors, and that can wait to take off until no one is around, could be quite a boon for would-be spies.
Obviously, this is still a research project with numerous challenges ahead of it, most notably the need to remove the tether wires and integrate power and flight control-technology on the tiny robot.
This work alone could take a few years, and even then these robot bugs won't be ready to swarm. Wood said that in five-to-10 years “they could be ready for more widespread development and use.”
That's kind of a buzzkill.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
The word Kapala is a Sanskirt term meaning skull, bowl, vessel, begging bowl and is a decorative human skull used as a ritual implement in both Hindu and Buddhist Tantra. They were often carved with decorative designs or elaborately mounted with precious metals and jewels. There are two main types of kapalas – those that use a full skull, and those that only use the skull cap or top-half of the cranium.
The kapalas were usually made from skulls collected at sky burial sites, an ancient Tibetan burial custom, still practiced today, in which the bodies of the dead are dismembered and scattered over open ground to ‘give alms to the birds'. It is a ritual that has a great religious meaning of the ascent of the soul to be reincarnated into another circle of life.
Once collected, the skulls would be specially prepared and elaborately anointed and consecrated before use. It would then be decorated with carvings, jewels of silverwork before being used as a ritual implement.
In Tibetan monasteries, the kapala was used to hold dough cakes or wine, used symbolically as flesh and blood offerings to wrathful deities of Hindu India and Buddhist Tibet. When symbolising blood it is called Asrk Kapala, and when with flesh it is called Mamsa Kapala. The dough cakes were not just pieces of bread, but were shaped to resemble human eyes, ears and tongues.
The skull cup, when used as libation to gods and deities to win their favour, is usually held in the left "wisdom" hand and held in front of a deity's heart where it may be paired with such right hand 'method' implements such as the vajra or curved knife. Many wrathful deities hold a curved knife above a skull cup in front of their hearts symbolizing the union of their method and wisdom. The Hindu goddess Kali, for example, is often depicted holding or drinking from a blood-filled Kapala. The curved knife serves as the "method" weapon that severs the life and vital organs of demonic enemies and the skull cup is the "wisdom" vessel in which the blood and organs are collected as the deity's life source.
Kapalas were also used in rituals like higher tantric meditation to achieve a transcendental state of thought and mind within the shortest possible time, as offering bowls on the altar or as eating or drinking bowls. It was believed that the people who drank out of the skull caps would obtain the knowledge and personality from the person to whom the skull belonged. The use of a human skull as a drinking cup in ritual use or as a trophy is reported in numerous sources throughout history and among various peoples, and among Western cultures is most often associated with the historically nomadic cultures of the Eurasian steppe
The skulls were often regarded as "karmic vessels" which contain the good and bad qualities of the dead person. The karmic force of the dead is believed to be still alive in the skull and thus will infect living beings on touch. Therefore, it is said that only with the proper religious instruction and Tantric transmission one is able to make skilful use of the power of skulls and avoid harm caused by bad karma associated with the skull.
Depending on the purpose, the kapalas would contain such substances as: divine nectar (Skt. amrita), vital nectar (semen), alcohol, ritual cakes or tormas, fresh blood, marrow, intestines, fat, as well as the brains, heart and lungs of demonic enemies.
Although the skulls were once used for spiritual purposes and to achieve higher states of consciousness, like many other traditions there are cases of the rituals being adulterated to suit the purposes of cults and for use in the ‘dark arts'. For example, there are cases of kapalas being produced after the murder or ‘sacrifice' of a victim followed by the eating of their flesh. The skull of a child who died during the onset of puberty was believed to have great potency as would the "misbegotten skull" of a 7-8 year old child born from an incestuous union. The sectioning of skulls also carried certain meanings. For example, a one-sectioned skull are those of highly realized persons, which a skull with six or more sections represents illness and would be used in ‘destruction mantras'.
Many carved and elaborately mounted kapalas survive today, mostly in Tibet.
By April Holloway
Links
Kapala
Kapala Introduction
Tibetan Ritual Skull Cups
Video
Of the three ideas, only the third is smart. Most players really don't mind if others have used a shortcut to their success as long as it doesn't affect them directly. But the other two are terrible. They are indicative of a growing trend in publishing to try and keep players at bay. They may work in the short term, but as long term strategies they are fraught with danger.
In short: the game will insist on using always-online authentication, forbid modding (allowing access to the engine or tools), and include a market for the buying and selling of items. The first means you won't be able to play the game on a plane. The second means that fans will not be allowed to fully express themselves. And the third means that those with more money may progress faster.
Reddit is not happy . Nor Wired . Nor Rock Paper Shotgun . Nor indeed much of the internet this morning. Why? Primarily because of the news about Diablo 3.
The Player Pen
There are, broadly speaking, two ways to look at how to live and work in the online world. The first is to focus on community building, relationships and the building out a franchise by not worrying too much about ARPU (average revenue per user) and instead worrying about user engagement, virality and loyalty. Typically companies that have grown up online and made a success of it understand this organic approach better, because they grasp that the digital space is basically conversational.
Offline companies, those that made their bones in boxed product or broadcast entertainment, often behave differently. Their strategy is to try and pen players in. They want the players to play, and they want them to keep doing so, but they also want them to sit in a pen and only play with the content that they are given. And to pay for that privilege.
The reasons for this are many, but they usually start with concerns over ARPU. To the broadcaster's mind activity like piracy and modding are a threat because they reduce ARPU in the immediate term. A pirated copy may be a sale lost, and that is essentially all that they can think of. There is no possible upside from allowing works to be distributed for free. (Which is, of course, completely wrong).
The other reason is that such companies are often managed by people who have a classical kind of business training (such as MBA grads) and tend to instinctively regard talk of community building as something more peripheral than the core of the business. It's harder to express the intangible value of community on a balance sheet, and even harder to scale it, so the simpler and less imaginative solution is to think like a broadcaster.
Most big game publishers operate this way because they have largely grown up in a broadcast world. They tend to think, much like other publishing industries do, that the internet is really more of a problem than an opportunity and they'd really rather wish it would all just behave like retail. Life was simpler when the business involved selling boxes on shelves in stores for Christmas, but these days it seems anything but simple. Every successful game online seems to be a special case, hard to model and scale. There is a frustrating lack of a secret sauce or a replicable process in the online world, and that drives publishers crazy.
So even companies like Blizzard – who have managed to make some of the most successful online games ever – fall into this thinking after a while. Their priorities at the corporate level are more about cash return than growth (especially a time when much of the industry is experiencing shrinkage), and that trickles down into development.
Doubtless many of the developers working on Diablo 3 would love nothing more than to be able to create mod tools for the community, but they've been told from on high that that's just not how things work any more. The threat of devaluation is too great to allow players to leave their pen. It will only lead to chaos.
As for the poor player who wants to play the game while flying coast to coast? Well the response from Blizzard is: “I want to play Diablo 3 on my laptop in a plane, but, well, there are other games to play for times like that.“ Which is basically a nice way of saying tough.
Unassailability
Why do previously-smart companies end up making dumb choices, and why do they feel comfortable telling their customers to suck a lemon?
It's because they believe that they are unassailable. Where most companies work hard to find, engage and retain customers it tends to be the case that dominant companies start to believe that they will always dominate, and of course they don't. This is also known as the ‘Why MySpace Died' argument.
It goes something like this: MySpace built a fantastically successful social network that put users together in their tens of millions and seemed to be a cool place to hang out. It had massive retention numbers and was the next big thing on the internet because it had built a passionate community. News Corporation decided they wanted a piece of this action, bought MySpace and proceeded bring a broadcast mentality to where it did not belong.
They started to try and, as they saw it, maximise the opportunity. The users of the service started to feel as though MySpace was not really cool any more, that it was becoming annoying, and they tolerated more than enjoyed it. Eventually this got so bad that users jumped ship, leaving the MySpace execs holding the bag and wondering where they went wrong.
I think Blizzard is roughly in the position where MySpace was at its height. They have several hugely successful franchises, but they seem to have acquired more of a broadcast mentality in recent years and are behaving as a company that believes its players will never leave.
That's a dangerous assumption, however, because there is always a competitor waiting to offer a more tolerable product. Given sufficient choice, players will eventually take that choice, and they will always prefer the choice that involves the least friction. Indeed, many would-be Diablo players on Twitter are today declaring that they have had enough of Blizzard and are looking to the Torchlight franchise (which is broadly the same kind of game as Diablo) instead.
How Life Is (It Isn't Really)
It is common in the older parts of the games industry to believe that protection is needed against the hordes of players because without it your product will be devalued and destroyed. Players are zombies and need to be treated as such. That, the industry thinks, is just how life is.
Life is actually exactly the opposite. It comes down to this: You can embrace the nature of the online world – distributed, community oriented, conversational – or eventually be replaced by a competitor who does. It does not happen quickly nor cleanly, but all such dramas in the online space ultimately play out the same way.
Life is actually about a world where growth matters more than ARPU, where customer satisfaction is the only game in town and where even the perceived secret sauces of game design and technical chops are only short term advantages.
The second that you start to pen your players in and respond to their fury with blithe “Too bad” statements is the second that you start to lose. And when your customers eventually do walk away (which they will), then it will be you holding that bag and wondering where it all went wrong.
(Today's image comes from Shaun of the Dead)
Re-Introducing Go Codec Library: msgpack, binc, cbor, json and more formats
The go-codec library is a High Performance, Feature-Rich and Idiomatic Go encoding/decoding library for binc, msgpack, cbor, json, with runtime reflection or compile-time code generation support. View Source at http://github.com/ugorji/go .
Sometime in 2013, we announced go-codec as a library for msgpack. The go-codec library has come a long way since then.
NOTE: *This is the first article of a series on go-codec , which includes*:
To whet your appetite, I will show you some benchmark numbers gathered comparing encoding/json from the standard library to json support offered by go-codec . See below for the raw data and further quick analysis of the results.
New Features provided by go-codec
Currently, go-codec provides best-of-breed support for the following formats:
messagepack: binary cbor: binary, streaming, explicit map/array delimited NEW json: text, streaming, explicit delimited NEW binc: binary, symbols
All these formats inherit the following features of go-codec mentioned below.
This update provides the following new features:
Much Increased performance Fast (no-reflection) encoding/decoding of common maps and slices.
The fast non-reflection support is enabled for all combinations of builtin types of maps and slices e.g. map[string]uint32, []int16, etc. Support for code generation
This gives up to 2-20X performance improvement over the already stellar performance. Support for text-based formats i.e. json Support for IETF proposed Internet-Of-Things format i.e. cbor Support for indefinite-length formats to enable true streaming Read only what is needed
This allows a stream to contain some encoded data, and other data e.g. a stream contains some msgpack encoded data, then \r
delimiter, then some json-encoded data. go-codec supports that efficiently, as it never reads more from the stream than it needs, and it doesn't do buffer. NEVER silently skip data when decoding
User decides whether to return an error or silently skip data when keys or indexes in the data stream do not map to fields in the struct. Drop-in replacement for encoding/json. json: key in struct tag supported.
This is in addition to the features already supported, but now made more robust and fully supported via all encoding/decoding paths i.e. runtime reflection, code generation and fast-path for common maps and slices:
Encode based on the destination data structure.
For example, decode a uint64 from any kind of number in the data stream (float, unsigned integer, signed integer, etc)
decode a string from a string or binary byte array in the data stream Support NIL in the stream in multiple contexts,
decoding it as the zero-value of the data structure. Full support for encoding.(Text|Binary)(M|Unm)arshaler interfaces. Decoding without a schema (into a interface{}).
This means decoding into a nil interface{}. Users can specify the type of maps and slices to use; these default to map[interface{}]interface{} and []interface{} respectively. RPC Server and Client Codecs for integration with net/rpc. This allows the seamless use of the go-codec library for rpc. You do not have to use gob. Standard field renaming via tags Support for omitting empty fields during an encoding.
If a field has the zero value, it can be skipped. This will reduce the encoded length and reduce the decoding time. Make sure that the value being decoded into is a zero-value or a struct which has all fields initialized to their zero-values. Extensions to support efficient encoding/decoding of any named types.
For example, type XYZ [8]uint8, type 3DPoint struct { X, Y, Z uint8 }. A user can encode and decode XYZ or 3DPoint above to/from a single unsigned integer. Encode a struct as an array, and decode struct from an array in the data stream.
This is more compact and efficient, but requires that the exported fields of the struct stay in the same order. Comprehensive support for anonymous fields.
Whether the anonymous field is a pointer or a value, codec will handle it.
Accompanying raw data for timing results shown
ENCODE (RUNTIME) Benchmark__Std_Json___Encode 5000 124477 ns/op 16313 B/op 207 allocs/op Benchmark__Json_______Encode 10000 108092 ns/op 9267 B/op 70 allocs/op ENCODE (CODE GENERATION) Benchmark__Json_______Encode 20000 33873 ns/op 304 B/op 3 allocs/op DECODE (RUNTIME) Benchmark__Std_Json___Decode 2000 359771 ns/op 17992 B/op 629 allocs/op Benchmark__Json_______Decode 3000 205337 ns/op 15344 B/op 455 allocs/op DECODE (CODE GENERATION) Benchmark__Json_______Decode 5000 103326 ns/op 8680 B/op 210 allocs/op
You can see that, even without code generation, the performance of the go-codec library is extremely impressive. The standard library takes 20% more time and uses double the allocations during encode, and almost double the time during decode.
Getting this level of performance was no easy feat. But it was possible because we built the go-codec library to be high-performance, and support pluggable Handles. Each of these handles comes to about 500 lines of code.
More articles in the series
Have you ever looked at network enabled temperature monitoring hardware for server rooms? It's unbelievable how much people will charge for such a simple device. It upsets me that vendors think they can charge so much money just because they can. Since I have such an adverse reaction to the price of these devices I decided to try to find a more creative solution to the problem of server room temperature monitoring.
I had a couple of goals for this project. Primarily I wanted to make sure that the device would be able to tie into our network monitoring system using SNMP. Another goal was to have the device be cheap and as straightforward as possible. Finally, I wanted to have the device be relatively inexpensive to operate in terms of electrical cost. I was able to achieve all of these goals by using a Raspberry Pi as the primary device with a relatively inexpensive custom circuit board attached to the GPIO headers of the Pi.
Below is a list of parts that I used for this project. I tried to include everything needed except for soldering equipment. I like to shop at adafruit.com, so thats where my links will take you.
The wiring solution I used is based on the one recommend in the tutorial on the Adafruit site. I did lay out the components a bit differently as you can see below in this detailed view, though. I would recommend going through their full tutorial to get a feel for utilizing the temperature sensor.
You will need to make sure that your kernel loads the modules w1-gpio and w1-therm at start up. You can do this by inserting the following lines at the end of /etc/modules. You will then need to reboot or use modprobe to insert these two modules.
w1-gpio w1-therm
The code I used was based on the code from the Adafruit tutorial, but modified to only output degrees Fahrenheit. I saved this Python script at /home/pi/temp.py
#!/usr/bin/env python import os import glob import time base_dir = '/sys/bus/w1/devices/' device_folder = glob . glob ( base_dir + '28*' )[ 0 ] device_file = device_folder + '/w1_slave' def read_temp_raw (): f = open ( device_file , 'r' ) lines = f . readlines () f . close () return lines def read_temp (): lines = read_temp_raw () while lines [ 0 ] . strip ()[ - 3 :] != 'YES' : time . sleep ( 0.2 ) lines = read_temp_raw () equals_pos = lines [ 1 ] . find ( 't=' ) if equals_pos != - 1 : temp_string = lines [ 1 ][ equals_pos + 2 :] temp_c = float ( temp_string ) / 1000.0 temp_f = temp_c * 9.0 / 5.0 + 32.0 return temp_f print ( read_temp ())
The last component was to set up snmpd to be able to execute the python script and return the results. Here are the contents of my config file at /etc/snmp/snmpd.conf. Make sure to restart the snmpd service after updating the config.
rocommunity public extend temp /home/pi/temp.py
Finally, it's time to test the output. From this system or another try doing a snmpget for the SNMP OID NET-SNMP-EXTEND-MIB::nsExtendOutputFull.”temp”.
> snmpget -v 2c -c public 127.0.0.1 .1.3.6.1.4.1.8072.1.3.2.3.1.2.4.116.101.109.112 NET-SNMP-EXTEND-MIB::nsExtendOutputFull."temp" = STRING: 73.2866
I am fairly pleased with the outcome of this little project. It's good to know that you don't have to pay hundreds of dollars for network enabled temperature monitoring equipment as long as you don't mind a little tinkering. Hopefully this can solve the same problem for others out there as well. Happy soldering!
Earlier today I posted that the NFL has begun Pro Bowl balloting. One of the 49ers players who could prove to be an incredibly worthy candidate is right guard Alex Boone. The 49ers converted Boone to right guard after developing them as a tackle, and they have been quite strong in the role. Pro Football Focus ranks them as their second best guard behind only Marshall Yanda, and one spot ahead of left guard Mike Iupati.
As the Pro Bowl campaigning heats up, Alex Boone is most definitely worthy of consideration. In a fitting bit of timing, the folks at CSN Bay Area put together a brief feature video on Boone's growth since college. The story has been told over and over again, but in the Mindi Bach video (embedded at the top) and the accompanying written feature by Matt Maiocco, we get a few more details about the story.
I could have just front-page FanShot'd this video, but I wanted to really draw it out for people. Boone has grown as much as any player in the NFL from their first days in the league. I found it particularly interesting that they are only the third member of the 49ers over the last two decades to spend their rookie seasons on the practice squad and eventually develop into a starter (DT Junior Bryant and S Ronnie Heard).
Give the video a watch, and check out Matt's accompanying article. As bad a tactical and strategic coach as Mike Singletary might have been, they certainly deserve some credit for whipping Alex Boone into shape. That and their handling of Vernon Davis were probably the two most important things they did for the 49ers.
Beset by international sanctions, the North Korean government has begun hacking into cryptocurrency exchanges to steal bitcoins, researchers say.
At least three South Korean bitcoin exchanges have been targeted by North Korean military hackers in 2017, according to a report from the cybersecurity firm FireEye.
Major cryptocurrencies have surged in value in 2017, with the value of a single bitcoin rising from $963 at the beginning of the year to $4,222, and ethereum jumping from $8 to $299. That makes them a ripe target for theft, said Luke McNamara, a FireEye senior analyst.
“I see there being two macro drivers of this threat activity,” McNamara told BuzzFeed News. The first is the tightening sanctions on North Korea's economy, they said. “But you also have cryptocurrencies appreciating significantly since the beginning of the year," they added. "So you see cryptocurrency exchanges, particularly in South Korea, becoming a logical target."
One exchange believed to be targeted by North Korea is bithumb, South Korea's largest cryptocurrency company. Bithumb was hacked in February, though it didn't notice the breach until June, and it was only made public in July. A number of users reported bitcoin and ethereum stolen from their accounts, with one customer claiming more than a million dollars' worth of digital currency was stolen, according to local news reports.
“This is very consistent with what I would expect North Korea to be doing,” said Claire Finkelstein, a national security expert and faculty director at the University of Pennsylvania's Center for Ethics and the Rule of Law. The fact that cryptocurrencies are decentralized, an appealing feature to enthusiasts who tout that bitcoin and similar technologies aren't regulated by any outside agency, also makes them appealing to criminals, they said.
“Bitcoin is a high-risk currency because it's so easily manipulated,” Finkelstein said. “And when you combine the fact that the North Korean government operates substantially like a criminal enterprise, it's not at all surprising to learn that they're very interested in cryptocurrencies.”
North Korea was first observed stealing money, instead of merely conducting more traditional espionage on financial institutions, in 2016, when, according to many researchers, including the US National Security Agency, it hacked into the Bangladesh Bank, that country's central bank, and wired away $81 million.
That same hacker group, McNamara said, is behind not only other attacks on Asian banks, which have gone unreported and which they declined to name because they are FireEye clients, but also the more recent attacks on South Korean bitcoin exchanges.
All those attacks saw the same pattern of hackers targeting employees with spearphishing emails to their personal accounts, reusing passwords to gain access to company networks, then using some variant of a type of custom malware that FireEye has dubbed “PEACHPIT” to create a backdoor into a victim's networks.
Spearphishing emails to employees of cryptocurrency exchanges, McNamara said, focused on bitcoin financial regulations and new tax rules, reflecting the difficulties those companies face in keeping up with frequently changing laws and regulations.
“Given a lot of the regulatory concerns in most countries regarding cryptocurrencies, that would be something especially interesting or of interest to someone who works at those exchanges,” McNamara said. “I think they were very clever in the lures they used for these operations.”
If international sanctions helped spur North Korean hacking and theft, that's unlikely to end soon. On Monday, the United Nations agreed to yet more sanctions against the country.
Part of the reason many people didn't think Donald Trump would be elected president was because their narrative was terrible.
Not just terrible in terms of its morality, but the overall story the candidate told was chaotic and badly constructed. They changed their mind all the time (and still does). It's hard, at times, to understand what he's talking about; their grasp on structure and syntax, on Twitter and in real life, is shaky.
But more than that, everything about the candidate and their candidacy was too on-the-nose. Their bid for the most powerful office in the world was a blunt-force instrument wielded by an overgrown toddler. Everything about their public persona was simplistic, puffed-up and cliched. Television — which permeates our lives more than ever and helped make Trump a celebrity — has taught most of us to want more.
Sure, we've all seen our share of junky TV; iffy, craven time-killers are not hard to find. But in the main, we have been raised by professionals who are really, really good at their jobs. Whether they're creating hourlong dramas, crowd-pleasing sitcoms or just a regular episode or “Love It or List It,” the storytellers who create content for the small screen have trained us to accept competence as the bare minimum. Whatever our tastes — even if they veer toward the dystopian or unsubtle — we're used to being able to choose from any array of excellent options from those who build narratives for us.
Related White House: Trump Considered Firing James Comey Since Election Day
That's why, for a long time, Trump's candidacy struck many in both parties as a non-starter. They latched on to crudely constructed villains (when they aren't emulating one). Their solutions seemed comically superficial. Their speeches were the equivalent of a derivative serial-killer show: They were designed to gin up fear, exclusion and paranoia, and expressly traded on stereotypes, biases and prurient strands of hate-driven excitement. It was all just too clunky and gross. Everything about Trump and their candidacy demanded a rewrite.
They may be getting one.
The problem was obvious in Wednesday's White House press briefing. Spokesman Sean Spicer has been widely mocked, most notably via Melissa McCarthy's brilliant portrayal of them on “Saturday Night Live.” Some speculated that McCarthy's May 13 appearance as “SNL” host caused the White House press office to send out a sub on Wednesday, in order to save Spicer yet another weekend of embarrassment. Whatever the reason, it was a bad idea to put an unprepared understudy on stage.
If, up until now, the Trump White House resembled bad reality TV, the performance of Sarah Huckabee Sanders was terrible dinner theater in a one-horse town. But that description still doesn't capture how inept it was.
When not laughing, minimizing, condescending, or trying, in a more serious mode, to sell the kind of clumsy, inconsistent spin that clearly frustrated most of the reporters in the room, Sanders said that ousted FBI director James Comey committed “atrocities.” Many of their remarks — like the varying explanations that have leaked out over the past 24 hours — were clearly nonsense, and reporters found many ways to say so, on social media and in their on-air reports.
Sanders looked like a day player who had wandered in from an unfinished “Parks and Recreation” scene, but hadn't learned their lines. They were out of their depth, and they yet treated the press corps like unruly kindergartners. In an administration where someone as inept as Spicer — a man who spent part of Tuesday night hiding in the bushes near the White House — was the A team, the performance of Sanders, the untested B team, was laughable.
And maybe that is what will turn the tide: The way the Trumpian story has devolved into farce.
Not that the first hundred-plus days weren't mostly scary. Not that there haven't been other moments of surreal comedy scattered throughout the attempts to turn America into the home of an incompetent authoritarian regime. But what's occurring today is different. The administration is becoming a laughingstock — certainly in the eyes of many who have been covering it for months.
Anderson Cooper, who'd clearly reached their limit with Kellyanne Conway on Tuesday night, is far from alone in their eye-rolls; sighs were even more common on cable TV Tuesday and Wednesday. Asked how the plan to roll out the Comey announcement went, an Axios reporter on MSNBC replied, “There was no real plan.” Then Jonathan Swan sighed, and unleashed a compact indictment of incompetence.
Most people in the administration learned what was happening by looking at TVs or “looking down at their phones,” Swan said. “There was basically a two-hour vacuum where they were running around like headless chickens.”
A day and night spent watching CNN and MSNBC reveals that, if they didn't before, many people covering the administration, or talking about it, now view it as a very substandard imitation of “Veep.” (If only.) A change had come over the TV coverage: The frequently maddening tendency toward false equivalence — i.e., “got to hear both sides” — was often thrown over in favor of what a reality-TV addict would call a “loser edit.“
And that is a very serious problem — not for democracy, but for a man who wants to come off like the dominant tough guy in every situation. An administration's legitimacy is partly determined by the media, and on Wednesday, large sections of the commentariat weren't buying what Trump and their mouthpieces were selling. There's nothing like that moment when a critical mass of observers — even in the midst of a crisis — realize it's OK to sigh, shake their heads and even laugh at the schoolyard bully (and that's the kind of coverage that no doubt fed into the inevitable rage-tweeting from Trump, a voracious consumer of cable news).
Trump is obsessed with their image, and to be pitied is bad. To be laughed at — to be in charge of an administration that prompts reporters to deploy sarcasm, sigh and roll their eyes — is probably an even bigger fear. He's not the swaggering, conquering TV anti-hero they clearly want to be in their mind. In their rage-tweets, the most hated thing to be is “weak.”
Trump has always understood that perception matters. (It's scary that their assumption that perception matters more than reality could be true, but that's a column for another day.) The president is said to have picked cabinet members in part based on how they looked, as if they were casting their cabinet like a Hollywood movie. Their career and businesses have been built on flash, and on smoke and mirrors. Their speeches may be full of bile and hate, but they know how to draw in a crowd and keep them hanging on their every word.
But this image-obsessed man has lost the plot, if they ever had control of it.
On MSNBC Wednesday, John Dean told Brian Williams that the administration had a “stylistic” problem: It had gone about the firing of Comey all wrong. It looked bad. Talking heads from all over the political spectrum regarded with disdain the firing of Comey — who, seeing their own political demise on TV screens at an FBI event in Los Angeles, thought they had been pranked.
The Trump of “The Apprentice” would have staged it better than that. But he's without competent editors now. The shapers of this story aren't up to the job. He's now starring in a badly constructed reality show, or a garish sitcom, in which they themselves is the running joke.
Judging by the masterfully deployed contempt that was evident in everyone from John Dean to Rachel Maddow to Pete Williams, Trump — and by extension, the rickety administration constructed around them — has become a familiar TV type. He's not the star of the narrative, he's the supporting player who has no choice but to endure the scorn, derision and mockery of other characters. Trump's not a fearsome villain, and they may be turning into the punchline.
And as any D-lister could tell the president, it's hard to come back from being a joke.
Home Assistant on an Orange Pi Zero May 13, 2017 four minutes reading time
This blog post is about the setup of Home Assistant on an Orange Pi Zero. Like the setup on a Raspberry Pi Zero it will only take a couple of minutes to get a fully functional super cheap (less than 18 Euro incl. casing and power supply) Home Assistant hub. The reasons to use an Orange Pi Zero beside the prize are the built-in Ethernet port and the availability.
Download the Armbian and create the SD card with balenaEtcher. There is no possibility to connect a display to the Orange Pi Zero. This means that you need a wired network setup with DHCP server. After your Orange Pi Zero is running, give it some time, and look for its IP address. The hostname is orangepizero .
If you found the IP address then use your SSH client to connect to the Orange Pi Zero. The default password is 1234 .
$ ssh [email protected] [ ...] [email protected] 's password: You are required to change your password immediately (root enforced) ___ ____ _ _____ / _ \ _ __ __ _ _ __ __ _ ___ | _ \(_) |__ /___ _ __ ___ | | | | ' __/ _ ` | '_ \ / _` |/ _ \ | |_) | | / // _ \ ' __/ _ \ | |_| | | | ( _| | | | | ( _| | __/ | __/| | / /| __/ | | ( _ ) | \_ __/|_| \_ _,_|_| |_| \_ _, | \_ __| |_| |_| /____ \_ __|_| \_ __/ |___/ Welcome to ARMBIAN 5.27.170514 nightly Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS 4.11.0-sun8i System load: 0.86 0.35 0.13 Uptime : 9 min Memory usage: 5 % of 496MB IP: 192.168.0.151 CPU temp: 39°C Usage of /: 16% of 7.1G [ General system configuration: armbian-config ] New to Armbian? Check the documentation first: https://docs.armbian.com Changing password for root. ( current ) UNIX password: Enter new UNIX password: Retype new UNIX password: You are using Armbian nightly build. It is provided AS IS with NO WARRANTY and NO END USER SUPPORT. Creating a new user account. Press <Ctrl-C> to abort Please provide a username ( eg. your forename ) : ha Trying to add user ha perl: warning: Setting locale failed. perl: warning: Please check that your locale settings: LANGUAGE = "en_US.UTF-8" , LC_ALL = ( unset ) , LC_PAPER = "de_CH.UTF-8" , LC_MONETARY = "de_CH.UTF-8" , LC_NUMERIC = "de_CH.UTF-8" , LC_MESSAGES = "en_US.UTF-8" , LC_MEASUREMENT = "de_CH.UTF-8" , LC_TIME = "de_CH.UTF-8" , LANG = "en_US.UTF-8" are supported and installed on your system. perl: warning: Falling back to a fallback locale ( "en_US.UTF-8" ) . Adding user ` ha ' ... Adding new group `ha' ( 1000 ) ... Adding new user ` ha ' (1000) with group `ha' ... Creating home directory ` /home/ha ' ... Copying files from `/etc/skel' ... Enter new UNIX password: Retype new UNIX password: passwd: password updated successfully Changing the user information for ha Enter the new value, or press ENTER for the default Full Name [] : homeassistant Room Number [] : Work Phone [] : Home Phone [] : Other [] : Is the information correct? [ Y/n] y Dear homeassistant, your account ha has been created and is sudo enabled. Please use this account for your daily work from now on. [email protected]:~#
Get the latest details about the packages.
[email protected]:~# apt-get update Hit:1 http://ports.ubuntu.com xenial InRelease Get:2 http://ports.ubuntu.com xenial-security InRelease [ 102 kB] Hit:3 http://beta.armbian.com xenial InRelease Get:4 http://ports.ubuntu.com xenial-updates InRelease [ 102 kB] Get:5 http://ports.ubuntu.com xenial-backports InRelease [ 102 kB] Get:6 http://ports.ubuntu.com xenial-updates/main armhf Packages [ 479 kB] Get:7 http://ports.ubuntu.com xenial-updates/universe armhf Packages [ 419 kB] Fetched 1205 kB in 7s ( 158 kB/s ) Reading package lists... Done
Let's run an upgrade to make sure that all available packages are up-to-date.
Now, we are installing the requirements for Home Assistant.
Those steps to install Home Assistant are described in the documentation and the guide for venv as well. Switch to the creation user ha and perform the remaining installation steps which are reduced to the minimum below:
To make it ready for daily usage, don't forget to enable autostart.
Like many Americans, Tara Collins hadn't bicycled much since middle school. That changed this year when they started paying $50 to fill up their gas tank.
Since early July Ms. Collins has been biking to their job in San Francisco. Now she's sitting in Bert Hill's bicycle safety course – along with 31 others – after a close shave with a van.
"When that happened I thought, 'Wow, there probably are things I could learn about safety,' " says Ms. Collins. "I haven't been on a bike in years, and even when I did, it wasn't in traffic."
The high price of gas is creating a surge in bicycle commuting across the country, not just in West Coast cities but in places like Louisville, Ky., and Charlotte, N.C. The rush of newbies has triggered tensions with drivers unaccustomed to sharing the road, and driven cyclists to seek out traffic training.
"I'm getting hammered by mayors asking, 'What are you doing about all these new bikers on the street and nobody knows the rules of the road?' " says Robert Raburn, executive director of the East Bay Bicycle Coalition in Oakland. When the organization started classes in 2003, it offered maybe two a year. Now, it has six slated for September with two more to be announced.
In the Bay State, MassBike reports offering two dozen classes this year, compared with three the year before.
The trend slips under the radar of national data, but phone calls to various city governments reveals a strong uptick in bike commuting this year:
• Bike count tallies showed an increase of 30 percent over last year on San Francisco's Market Street, 44 percent over 2006 levels at the intersection of Broad and Chestnut Streets in Philadelphia, and 378 percent from five years ago on Milwaukee Ave. in Chicago.
• New bikers are maxing out the capacity of transit systems across the country. Bikers boarding buses in Houston rose from 1,510 in April to 3,624 in June, according to the League of American Bicyclists, which also reports that Charlotte's bike-on-bus boardings have reached an all-time record, surging 30 percent this June from a year ago. On San Francisco's regional CalTrain, a quarter of rush hour trains surveyed in September "bumped" bikers because onboard racks had reached capacity.
• In Denver, this year's 'Bike to Work Day' drew 35,000 bikers, up 43 percent over last year.
High gas prices are changing transportation habits. For eight straight months, Americans have driven fewer miles than they did over the same period a year earlier, according to the US Department of Transportation.
"Biking kind of gives me a sense of independence. I'm not dependent on fossil fuels," says Margaret Chuang, another student in Mr. Hill's class.
To be sure, $4 gas isn't going to turn America into Amsterdam. The latest US census figures from 2006 offer perspective: Only one half of one percent of Americans commuted by bike.
But the rise, even if it's a small number, is affecting cities in everything from transportation funding to traffic safety.
Some cities are making substantial investments in bike infrastructure. The Bay Area's Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) last month approved $1 billion in long-range funding for a regional bike network. Louisville is building a 100-mile hiking and biking trail called the Louisville Loop.
Congress, meanwhile, is considering a bike commuter act that would permit tax deductions like those for public transit riders.
Cities are also exploring ways to accommodate cyclist needs beyond pricey infrastructure upgrades. Some are painting "sharrows," a symbol on road surfaces, to remind drivers that cyclists are allowed on the road. "What we are really pushing for is more education both for cyclers and cars ...We have cyclists riding down wrong ways in bike lanes. And drivers not looking when they are turning or opening doors," says Kerri Richardson, spokesperson for the Louisville mayor.
The MTC is also studying whether to adopt the so-called "Idaho stop" rule. This would allow cyclists to treat red lights like stop signs, and stop signs like yield signs. Idaho adopted these changes years ago, apparently with no incident. However, MTC'S proposal became an instant lightning rod, even in the bike-friendly Bay Area, tapping into driver frustration with cyclists who don't stop when expected.
Some cyclists avoid stopping fully because doing so means a loss of momentum that takes significant energy to regain, says Joel Fajans, a physics professor at the University of California Berkeley who has published research on bike propulsion.
"I'm in favor of this Idaho rolling stop rule because you don't have to come to a complete stop to be completely safe," they say. "On a bicycle ... you are only really endangering yourself when you speed through an intersection, while that's certainly not true when you are in a car."
Others in the bike community suggest the underlying problem is the proliferation of stop signs as a traffic calming measure.
A key precept in bike safety courses is the phrase: "Same roads, same rights, same rules." Hill's four-hour presentation highlighted common causes for collisions with cars and how to avoid them. It's partly a matter of proper bike positioning in a traffic lane to minimize driver error and partly cyclists following road rules and acting predictably.
Hill disagreed with one instructional video that seemed to sanction a cyclist turning left on a red light. "If we look at car-bike crashes and who's at fault, in a sense it doesn't matter," Hill said. The cyclist suffers either way.
Note, Andruw Jones is so unappreciated there wasn't even a picture of them wearing a Braves uniform in the SB Nation database, hence the Yankees picture.
When I started writing this article I was angry. Andruw Jones is no doubt Hall of Famer who, for a variety of reasons, will never receive the recognition they deserve. Andruw was arguably the greatest defensive player of all time and was inarguably a defensive player in the same category as Ozzie, Mays, Belanger and Robinson. Andruw also hit 434 home runs and was a much better offensive player than Ozzie Smith and noticeably better than Brooks Robinson as well.
Yet this player who ranks above a host of Hall of Famers in fWAR and accumulated more fWAR than any Atlanta Braves position player not named Chipper Jones can't even get recognition from the team they gave so much to. The season following Andruw's departure from Atlanta their number 25 was worn by the immortal Barbaro Canizares. Ryan Church, Troy Glaus, Juan Francisco, Joey Terdoslavich and Christian Bethancourt. All these fringe players have worn Andruw's number since they left Atlanta. This is what I was thinking about when I set down to write about Andruw and I was legitimately angry.
I am 25 years old and haven't done nearly the things I want to with my life. I am a constant disappointment to myself and I don't want to be the person I know I sounded like when I started writing this. I don't want to be the person who watches this past Hall of Fame weekend that was almost certainly the greatest recognition that will ever be bestowed upon the Atlanta Braves and finds something to complain about. Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine and Bobby Cox walked to the podium at Cooperstown on Sunday and each was given the chance to bask in the glory of what they accomplished. The week leading up to Sunday was a parade of toasts to these Braves players and their manager and to the Braves franchise as a whole.
As a Braves fan, I got to enjoy the recognition of those 10 years the greatest pitcher of their generation spent wearing a jersey that said Atlanta across the front, in which they won three Cy Young awards. I got to relive that beautiful October night that Tom Glavine held the greatest offensive team of all time to one hit over eight innings to clinch a World Series title. I got to hear the praise and stories of all the things that made Bobby Cox that rarest of things in Major League Baseball, a manager who really and truly mattered and made their team significantly better. It was the greatest week a Braves fan can ask for and it will never be repeated on that scale ever again.
Too many people's reaction to things like the Hall of Fame is to complain. In fact, for many people complaining is their primary way of reacting to anything. People use complaining as their primary way to socialize. Complaining is easy. It is much easier to criticize Joe Torre for leaving George Steinbrenner out of their speech than it is to convey to people who didn't watch the moving beauty of Frank Thomas' speech on Sunday. I hate that on the Monday morning following one of the greatest days in Braves history, my attitude was to be angry that Andruw Jones might never get their day in that spotlight.
While we should all strive for self-improvement, we should also strive for honesty and self-awareness. I am mad. Andruw Jones was better than any Atlanta position player who didn't go by the moniker of "Chipper." Andruw was better in Atlanta than Dale Murphy, they were worlds better than Brian McCann, Fred McGriff isn't in the same category at all. Hank Aaron had their best years in Milwaukee and wasn't as valuable in Atlanta as Andruw was. Atlanta fans reacted to Tim Hudson's broken ankle as if they died, people curse Frank Wren's name for trading Martin Prado, and Jeff friggin Francouer still receives standing ovations every time they return to Atlanta. Yet it is a rarer breed of fan who feels that fresh wave of annoyance and bitterness when the Braves annually assign the number 25 to some scrub making a fill in appearance before returning to AAA.
When I was raging on Twitter about Andruw's number not being retired by Atlanta, some people pointed out they were still active and playing baseball in Japan. Maybe, the Braves are just waiting for their official retirement before honoring him? I doubt this because of their habit of giving their number away every season. Nobody wore number 31 for the 5 years Greg Maddux remained in the league after leaving Atlanta. Nobody wore number 47 after Glavine signed with the Mets. Yet the first season after Andruw was gone the scrub of all scrubs was wearing number 25 for the Braves. Andruw's number is never getting retired because for some reason what is so obvious and apparent to me isn't obvious to the people in charge of the Braves and it isn't obvious to the majority of fans. For some reason, Andruw just wasn't that special in the eyes of many. I cannot understand this.
But enough of that. Enough of the anger, enough of the bitterness. Andruw was the man. They were the youngest player to ever hit a home run in the World Series and they followed that homer up with a second homer in their next at bat. They did that in Yankee Stadium on Mickey Mantle's birthday to break Mantle's record. That moment was everything good about baseball. Andruw won 10 straight Gold Glove Awards starting in their first full season in the majors and ending in their last season in Atlanta. There is now a platinum glove award given to the best defensive player overall, regardless of position. Andrelton Simmons won the platinum glove last year. If the award had existed when Andruw played in Atlanta there is no doubt they would have won more than a few of them.
Andruw was the most viscerally exciting athlete in my lifetime to play for the Braves. In their prime, Andruw was a dominant center fielder, who stole bases, hit for power and always seemed to be having more fun than anyone else out there. Their smile captured my heart and they made baseball seem like the most fun game in the world. In 2005 Andruw was the best player in the National League even if they aren't properly recognized as such.
I love numbers. I find statistics and math fascinating and I love what sabermetrics have done for baseball. I am intellectually curious and was thrilled in 2010 when I began to learn things about the sport I had loved longer than any other that I had never thought of. For me, there is nothing more exciting than new information becoming available about a topic I am passionate about. Some people think the only things they need to know about baseball are the things their dad explained to them when they played catch in the backyard. That isn't me. For me, baseball is one of my biggest passions and few thrills compare to how I felt when I first began to learn about all the new things smart people had discovered about my favorite sport.
Batting average is overrated. Runs batted in don't tell you much about an individual. There are ways to quantify baserunning and defense and park factors and what position a player plays and this stuff matters when evaluating players. I was thrilled when I started to discover so many things I hadn't known about the game I loved and for me numbers will always matter.
So it matters to me when Fangraphs defensive measurements say Andruw was the 8th greatest defensive player of all time. Wins above replacement is an esoteric or even threatening concept to some but for me it is really important that only Chipper accumulated more fWAR than Andruw did as an Atlanta position player. We all come to baseball for different reasons and love the sport for different reasons. You are reading this article because it is about a sport you care about, a team you care about, and maybe even a player you care about. You probably care about all of these things in different ways than I do. But I like numbers andI like what Andruw's numbers say.
It matters to me that Andruw ranks above all kinds of Hall of Famers and future Hall of Famers in Fangraphs WAR. Andruw ranks above Willie McCovey, Manny Ramirez, Robin Yount, Mark McGwire, Tim Raines, Harmon Killibrew, Edgar Martinez, Dwight Evans, Craig Biggio, Tony Gwynn, Roberto Alomar, Yogi Berra, Duke Snider, Mike Piazza, Ernie Banks and so many others. Look at those names. Andruw was likely better than those guys.  They are tied exactly with Ozzie Smith which makes the 5-year-old who thought Ozzie cartwheels were the greatest way ever to come onto a baseball field very happy. I was never able to do that on a baseball field, though I promise you I tried.
I love baseball just like you do though it is likely we love different things about it. I loved the game that my dad always helped coach when I was a little boy. I love the game I got to play with my brother who was always so much better than me. I loved the game where I got to watch my team play on TV every single night and hey we were always really good and for a front running little boy that was pretty neat. I love the game that Skip Caray talked to me about and made seem so special. I got in my first twitter beef with some dumb kid named Arnold in 1996 as we played with Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles toys. They knew their Yankees were gonna win the World Series. They were an idiot of course. The Braves won last year. They were going to win this year. They were going to win every year.
And that wonderful October night that I remember as clear as I remember yesterday, Andruw Jones entered my life and they have never left. My first jersey was a Jeff Blauser jersey, but Andruw was the player of my childhood. My memories tell me they were the best and a lot of numbers say the same thing. You don't have to love the game the same way I do but the little boy inside me will always be ready to argue with the idiots of this world who don't recognize how great Andruw Jones was.  They are a Hall of Famer and the Braves should retire their jersey tomorrow. I don't know if these things will ever happen and I will always be angry on some level about them if they never do happen.
At the end of the day, it doesn't really matter that much. Whether the fools who vote players to the Hall of Fame are smart enough to recognize Andruw doesn't really matter. Whether the Atlanta Braves are ever able to properly recognize the greatness of a player they got to see up close for 11 years doesn't really matter. What matters is that I can sit here at my computer and look at Andruw's numbers and see how great they are. The endless highlights on Youtube are there for me to watch whenever the mood strikes. Twitter has allowed me access to an awesome community of people who understand who Andruw Jones was. Most importantly a little boy at Charlotte Latin School in Charlotte, North Carolina knows who Andruw Jones was. They don't need a number on a wall in Turner Field to know who their favorite player is.
Andruw Jones was one of the greatest baseball players to ever live and they played their best years for my favorite team. Those are facts. Whether anyone else recognizes that doesn't change those facts one bit.
A visa-free regime for Turkish citizens wishing to travel to the Schengen zone must be implemented in October or the EU refugee deal will be suspended, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has warned.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — In March, the European Union and Turkey agreed on a deal, under which Ankara pledged to take back all undocumented migrants who arrive in the European Union through its territory, in exchange Syrian refugees accommodated in Turkey would be relocated to the bloc on a one-for-one basis. In return, the bloc pledged to accelerate Turkey's EU accession bid and introduce a visa-free regime.
"I do not want to talk about the worst case [scenario], the talks with the EU are continuing. But it is clear: either we apply all the agreements at the same time or else put them all aside," Cavusoglu told Bild newspaper on Sunday answering a question on whether Ankara would relax its border controls and allow any refugees travel to Europe if Brussels reneges on its promise to institute a visa-free regime for Turkish citizens.
In May, the European Commission recommended that the European Parliament vote on visa-free regime for Turkey only once the country had met all 72 conditions stipulated by Brussels, notably those related to data protection and anti-terrorism laws, among other issues.
Turkish EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said earlier in August that the country would stop fulfilling its obligations under the deal with the European Union if Brussels does not set the date for the lifting of the visa regime.
UPDATE: Large portions of Broward County remain under a boil water advisory Monday.
The city of Fort Lauderdale has issued a boil water advisory for several area municipalities and neighborhoods after an untreated water sample at one of South Florida's water source wells tested positive for E. coli bacteria, officials said.
The order was issued late Saturday and remains in effect until further notice.
In addition to the city of Fort Lauderdale, the advisory pertains to Oakland Park, Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, Port Everglades Authority, Village of Sea Ranch Lakes, Wilton Manors and sections of Davie and Tamarac east of State Road 7.
The advisory will remain in effect until the state officials review and approve test results, which is expected to be Monday, said Fort Lauderdale spokesperson Matt Little said.
The E. coli reading resulted from a routine test conducted Friday prior to treatment at a "certified and closely monitored water treatment facility," Little said in a news release.
A sample also was taken from the finished water from the Fiveash Treatment Plant on Friday and was incubated for 24 hours. The finished water results tested negative for E. coli on Saturday, Little said.
The source well where E. coli was found was immediately taken out of service, Little said. It is being flushed, retested and reevaluated, they said, and results will be provided to the Department of Health.
Customers are advised not to use the water before bringing it to a boil for one minute. Bottled water is a good alternative, Little said.
The precautionary boil water order was recommended by the state, according to Little.
The former Spain captain retired from football at
In their prime there weren't many centre forwards that could get the better of Barcelona legend Carles Puyol but they have revealed how former team-mate Lionel Messi humiliated them during training.
The former Spain captain played alongside Messi at the Nou Camp for 10 years before calling time on their trophy-laden career at the end of the 2013-14 season as they struggled with a persistent knee injury.
And Puyol, who won six Spanish titles and three Champions Leagues with Barcelona as well as two European Championships and a World Cup with Spain, claims that Messi is by far the best player they have ever seen.
Barcelona forward Lionel Messi is currently on international duty with Argentina at the Copa America
Messi was all smiles as Argentina trained on Sunday ahead of the semi-final against Paraguay on Wednesday
Former Spain defender Carles Puyol has revealed how Messi humiliated them during Barcelona training
The 37-year-old, who was rumoured to be contemplating coming out of retirement earlier this year, has revealed that Messi would show them up on the training pitch and that they were even warned by former coach Pep Guardiola not to injure him.
'In a mini one-on-one match, I told myself: "I'm going to see if I can stop him". It was humiliating,' Puyol told La Vanguardia.
'Pep [Guardiola] told me: "Carles, don't injure him".
'I told Pep: "If you don't want anything to happen, stop the session." I tried everything but they always got past me at their own pace.'
Argentina international Messi has been named the world's best player four times and enjoyed one of their best campaigns as they led Barcelona to the domestic and European Treble last season.
Puyol said that former Barça coach Pep Guardiola had to tell them not to injure Messi in training
Former Barça skipper Puyol described Messi as an 'alien' and called them 'unstoppable'
Messi scored 58 goals in all competitions as Luis Enrique's side won La Liga, the Copa del Rey and the Champions League and Puyol insists no player comes close to matching their former team-mate.
'He's head and shoulders above anyone I've seen,' Puyol added.
Despite a bit of language difficulty with trying to get tickets, I was still able to get tickets so I could attend both the Eorzea Cafe and the Square Enix / Nier cafe, as well as the Square Enix Bar. All the places are easy to get to and all of them were a highly enjoyable experience that I will definitely visit again next time!
Final Fantasy XIV Eorzea Cafe
Every menu item at Eorzea is themed on towns and events in game and taste as good as they look!
Hamburger: The sauce and the hamburger blended together to make a highly delicious meal with the sides being a very nice addition.
Summoner Drink: Sweet without being overpowering but overall an excellent fruity taste. I will order the alcoholic version next visit.
Square Enix Bar
Square Enix Artnia offers a classier style setup with a very professional and classy setup.
Square Enix Cafe (Nier event)
The menu at the SE cafe was changed to match the Nier event with all items directly referencing characters and elements from the game.
Potion: A sweet blend reminiscent of honey and well presented. Wasn't to my tastes but it's something that would go down well with any of the savoury dinner type meals at the bar.Chocolate Parfait: A giant cocktail of cream, chocolate, and more sweet treats. The dark chocolate buster sword on top was a nice touch.Hamburger Curry: A nice japanese curry with a difference! This had a hamburger with cheese on top and combined with the rice and sauce was a taste better then anything you could imagine. I wish this became a permanent item at the cafe.Pod cake slices: Vanilla and lemon cake and dark chocolate with cream. Both delicious, well presented and was a nice way to end the meal.More pictures can be found here while a video covering the Nier Event can be found here
States are locked in legal battle with the federal government after regulators intercepted illegally imported anesthetics to be used in lethal injections
Death penalty states are locked in a legal battle with the federal government after regulators intercepted shipments of illegally imported anesthetics that were destined to be used in executions as part of lethal injection protocols.
Documents released by the Arizona department of corrections as a result of a lawsuit led by the Guardian and joined by several Arizona news organizations reveal that the state's department of corrections (DoC) was clearly warned by federal officials against illegally importing the drugs. Yet the documents in Guardian versus the DoC director Charles Ryan show that days later the state went ahead with importing the drugs regardless.
On 13 July, the US Department of Justice wrote to the DoC and said that the state's desire to import sodium thiopental – an anesthetic that is not approved for importation in the US – was illegal. The letter said that according to the Food and Drug Administration, the federal agency that regulates medicines, “there is no approved application for sodium thiopental, and it is illegal to import an unapproved new drug into the United States”.
Despite the crystal clear warning, Arizona went ahead with the shipment, which arrived at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on a British Airways flight on 25 July and was duly blocked by FDA officials.
The existence of the detained shipments was first reported by the Arizona Republic, which is party to the Guardian's lawsuit.
Dale Baich, a leading authority on death penalty litigation based in Arizona, said they were troubled by the state's behavior. “Their position is that they need these drugs to carry out executions, but you cannot break the law to enforce the law.”
Arizona is not the only death penalty state that has tried to circumvent an international boycott of US lethal injection drugs by seeking illegally to import anesthetics. BuzzFeed News has revealed that Nebraska and Texas are also engaged in similar legally dubious activities.
A BuzzFeed News investigation this week tracked down the source of the foreign drug shipments to Chris Harris, a man with no pharmaceutical background and whose company, Harris Pharma, operates in a small rented office in Kolkata. The news organization reported that they may have sold execution drugs to as many as five death penalty states in the US.
The focus on the nefarious ways that death penalty states are seeking to acquire killing drugs came as Barack Obama expressed concerns about capital punishment. They told the Marshall Project that they found botched executions, as well as racial bias and the risk of innocent people being put to death, “deeply troubling”.
The Guardian documents reveal that the Arizona DoC spent $25,000 buying 1,000 vials of sodium thiopental at $25 each. The total cost of the shipment came to $26,700.
A spokesperson for the DoC confirmed to the Guardian that the FDA was continuing to block the execution drugs from reaching its death chamber, and said that the state was contesting the action. In the released documents, Arizona promises that it “will not use, or attempt to use, the sodium thiopental currently being imported until this cargo is either unconditionally released by the FDA or the department is otherwise permitted to do so by a court order”.
The Guardian lawsuit was lodged in a federal court as a means of challenging the secrecy adopted by the state in an attempt to hide the source of its execution drugs. Arizona is one of several death penalty states that have adopted new secrecy laws that prevent members of the public from finding out how the ultimate punishment is being carried out.
Baich said that death penalty states were going to great lengths to hide what they were doing “because what they are doing is questionable. This demonstrates why secrecy is a problem – if states operated in the open they would not deal with shady drug providers and they would not be able to skirt the law.”
As a voiceover artist, you're probably already familiar with the concept that your demo is your calling card, and understand just how critical it can be for securing work in the industry. In today's rapidly expanding digital landscape, it's more important than ever to be able to target and speak to your potential clients, not only with your demo, but in your online marketing efforts as well. These potential customers may have varying degrees of experience in hiring voiceover talent, and the more you can help to educate them in the process, the closer you will be to booking the job!
Here are ten tips to help you to reach your target market for a successful 2016!
Embrace Technology: Marketing and Technology have collided. Consider utilizing technologies such as VoiceZam, Sound Cloud, and YouTube for distributing your demo to prospective clients, as well as assigning tags for increased SEO. Familiarize yourself with cutting edge ISDN replacement technologies such as ipDTL to increase your business offerings. The investment you make in familiarizing yourself with the ins and outs of new technology platforms will pay off, now and in the future. Build a comprehensive online presence: Consumers online are searching for products and services, surfing across websites, and socializing on the top social networks. You need to be everywhere your prospects are, so they can find you, learn more about you, LISTEN to your demo, and ultimately buy from you. You to be in the right place at the right time in order to give consumers the information and confidence they need to make the decision to buy from you instead of a competitor. Buy Your Personal Domain: Every person is their or their own personal brand, especially if you own your own business and consider yourself an entrepreneur. Having FirstNameLastName.com is key to being searchable and having people find you easily by name, as opposed to having a generic voice brand that may show up on the fourth page of a Google search. You can use your personal domain as a core site for any other brands you represent. It's your identity so you should protect it, even if you haven't created a website. Keep in mind that anyone can buy your name and turn it into a website. And there are plenty of domain squatters out there too, buying up domains in hopes of selling it to you later at an inflated rate. Once your website is created, make sure to display your demos prominently on your home page so that your clients can easily access them with minimal clicking or scrolling. Know your Vocal Demographic: Where does your voice fit? What ages and vocal ranges can you perform? Child? Teen? Young Adult? Middle Aged? Adult Senior? In today's educated consumer society, most companies look to hire a voice that is within the same target market, as it tends to increase sales. Think of how you purchase today - more than likely you have asked a peer in your target market for product recommendations. What clients will be searching for your sound? Know your Vocal Branding Words: What words describe your sound? Alluring, Lively, Articulate? Intellectual, Urban, Exotic? Ask your coach or friends to describe your voice to help you brand your sound. These words can be built into your online profiles and in your website to help describe your brand and will be indexed and searchable in most every social media platform as well as your favorite search engines Have a demo for each market: You should have a demo and a written description for each market category your business serves, i.e. Commercial, promo, Radio/Imaging, Animation, Audiobooks, eLearning, Corporate Narration, Medical Narration, etc. Remember that text in your website and online profiles is indexed for search engines so it will be helpful when people are searching for specific voices to fit their needs. Be relevant for today's market! Define Your Target Customer: Just like building a character and analyzing scripts in voiceover, the better you know your target customer, the better you can serve them with your business. Are they (B2B) casting directors, talent agents, advertising agencies, broadcasting companies, production companies, media companies, e-learning companies, etc? Are they (B2C) potential direct customers – company specific ie Hoag Hospital, Verizon, Disney, Xerox? What is their gender, age, and income level? Have a spot on your demo for each Target Customer: Today's demo needs to be more than just a showcase of your voice, it needs to have an underlying marketing and advertising strategy that is specific to your genre, as well as the ability to target the markets that you intend to reach. Your demo should have a variety of spots that speak to different industries, brands, and products within your established target market(s). Be current and pay attention to Pop Culture. Who is hiring and what type of voice is being hired for a particular industry? Know where Your Clients Live Online: Do your homework - how do your existing and potential customers use social media? How can you get in front of them to educate them on your services? Check out the activity on your competitor's social media profile pages to help determine your target audience or do a keyword search on social media platforms to find conversations around your market. Listen and Engage: (more than talking!) Finally, realize that ITS NOT ABOUT YOU. It's not even about your business! It's all about how you can serve your client. What is their pain point? How can you help them to get more business? How can you help them to elevate their brand? Strategize from a place of how you can best serve and you will be well on your way to targeting a successful 2016!
Anne is a full time Voice Talent, Coach and Producer located in Orange County, CA, and offers private coaching and mentoring to students in person, as well as via Skype and ipDTL. For more information, please visit their websites at: http://anneganguzza.com and http://vopeeps.com
LOS ANGELES -- The Department of Justice has stepped in to free a man from detention by immigration authorities, telling a federal judge that the DOJ needs the man's help with an investigation.
The crime Edgar Arzate may have witnessed: their own savage beating at the hands of Santa Ana, California, police officers in June.
Arzate had been facing multiple felony charges and was detained for six weeks by immigration authorities. Now the state of California has dismissed all but one charge against them and their deportation proceedings have been put on hold -- an almost complete reversal that was set in motion just last week by the DOJ's Civil Rights Division.
On Monday, four charges, including resisting arrest and assault on one of the police officers involved in their beating, were dismissed in court. Arzate still faces one charge of felony attempted burglary.
On Oct. 1, Arzate was removed from immigration detention and arraigned on a federal warrant in Santa Ana. The warrant named them as a material witness to a crime under federal investigation and could make them eligible for an S visa, or what's known as a "snitch visa" in the immigration community.
The certification of Arzate as a material witness suggests the Justice Department has opened an investigation into the beating. It also allows them to apply for a U visa, a special immigration status granted to immigrants who are victims of a crime and cooperating with law enforcement in the pursuit of an investigation. A U visa requires law enforcement to certify that an immigrant is the victim of a crime, and such a designation is exceedingly rare when the alleged crime was committed by law enforcement itself. (A U visa can also be permanent, whereas an S visa leaves an immigrant vulnerable to deportation once the case is over.)
What makes the move by the Justice Department all the more remarkable is that Arzate is far from a model individual. Indeed, they have previously been deported twice and has served time in prison. By protecting Arzate, an undocumented immigrant, from deportation, the DOJ is upholding the principle that the Constitution and the rule of law apply to all people, no matter their prior record.
Arzate was picked up by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents in August on their way to a hearing stemming from the beating they endured in June. Among other offenses, Arzate was charged with assaulting an officer, as one of the cops claimed to have broken their hand during the beating.
But the federal warrant issued for Arzate keeps them in the U.S. indefinitely, under the protection of the federal government.
No charges have been filed against any of the officers in Arzate's beating, which was caught on video by a nearby surveillance camera. During the beating, officers appear to notice the video camera and move the victim out of view -- and then they allegedly continued to attack him.
Calls to the Santa Ana Police Department were not immediately returned.
"The system is working as it should -- Edgar was falsely charged and removed off the streets before they exposed these erroneous charges," said Frank Bittar, a senior deputy public defender in Orange County representing Arzate. "It's really heartening to see that there are extraordinary people working for federal agencies that keep other authorities in check and are truly interested in unbiased justice."
Bittar has filed a formal complaint with the Justice Department.
On the evening of June 19, Arzate, who has struggled with drug addiction and mental health issues, went to what they thought was a friend's home in Santa Ana, apparently unaware that the friend no longer lived there, according to Bittar. The residents saw Arzate mumbling incoherently outside their house and called police.
Arzate ran when they saw the officers, leading them on a roughly four-block chase before they surrendered in the front yard of another home. In the video, Arzate can be seen lying facedown on the ground, as officers begin to beat him, punching, kicking and swinging a flashlight.
In August, Arzate was on their way to a preliminary court hearing to face related charges when three unmarked cars pulled them over, according to family members who were with him. ICE agents took Arzate into custody, putting them at risk of deportation.
Though they were brought to the country as a teenager, Arzate is not eligible to apply for deferment under the immigration program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals because they have previously been imprisoned on drug and auto theft charges. They have been deported twice before and re-entered the U.S.
Bittar, in their complaint to the DOJ, raised serious doubts about ICE's arrest of Arzate, alleging that the timing was "unusual and irregular."
"What a windfall it would be for a criminal defendant to be removed to their native country prior to answering to their charges first," the complaint reads. "But that is exactly what is taking place here. The only rational conclusion is that someone did not wish to allow Mr. Arzate to have their day in court. Had they been allowed to do so, they would have exposed a horrific civil rights violation perpetrated by rogue police officers."
Bittar alleges that the ICE officers who arrested Arzate and caused them to miss their court hearing in August were "most likely" acting on a tip from the Santa Ana Police Department.
The department's Cpl. Anthony Bertagna previously told HuffPost that ICE acted on its own. "We don't tip off ICE. We didn't know they had a court date," Bertagna said, adding, "Obviously if we wanted them arrested, we'd arrest them ourselves. When it comes to ICE and their jurisdiction and the laws they enforce, when we're asked to assist, we assist. We were not involved in ICE's action."
A spokesperson for ICE said that immigration authorities found Arzate on their own and that they routinely comb court records looking for undocumented immigrants with upcoming hearings.
In the complaint, Bittar argues that a federal investigation is Arzate's only hope of a fair inquiry into the beating.
"Local law enforcement cannot be trusted to investigate this matter," the complaint concludes. "Santa Ana police officers beat Mr. Arzate. The Orange County District Attorney's office filed serious charges against them despite the overwhelming evidence that they did not assault nor injure anyone. Indeed, Mr. Arzate was victimized by these officers."
Sign up below to get an email from Ryan Grim when they publish a new story
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
May 18, 2016, 1:24 PM GMT / Updated May 18, 2016, 2:09 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Eun Kyung Kim
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt is known for being lightning fast — he's the fastest runner in the world. But is they fast enough to outrun pesky mosquitoes?
The 29-year-old Olympian thinks so.
Less than three months away from the start of the Summer Olympics in Brazil, Bolt says they have little fear about the Zika outbreak that may endanger them and other athletes competing in Rio.
Headed to Rio for the Olympics? 7 tips to save money
“Hopefully, by the time I get there, they'll have it under control,” they told NBC's Peter Alexander. “I'm sure they'll put things in place to sort it out. So I'm not really stressed right now.”
That may be in part because Usain actually appears to repel mosquitoes, according to their teammates.
How can I prevent Zika? Your 5 biggest questions about the virus
“Because I'm fast," they explained. "They can't catch me.”
Usain hopes that speed will help them win gold in both the 100-meter and 200-meter races, which would make them the first runner to do so in three straight Olympic games following victories in Beijing and London.
Cold reality shower
From the very beginning when I started making this comic Swedes and Norwegians have been telling me jokes about how weird Danish is, and how it's so weird not even Danes understand it so they have to speak Swedish or Norwegian to communicate. The Norwegian and Swedish languages are a lot closer to each other, so I can see where the joke comes from.
That's all well and good and I laughed along, until I started meeting a lot of Swedes and Norwegians at conventions and realized a lot of them honest to god think that Danes understand Norwegian and Swedish, even though Norwegians and Swedes don't understand Danish. Like, they somehow convinced themselves that the language barrier only goes one way.
So I'm here to tell you sorry, but we don't understand you either. A lot of Danes don't even understand Icelandic people when they talk Danish with an accent to us.
An unnamed company plans to open a 300-employee call center in the Chambers Media Center building on Chad Drive in northeast Eugene, officials confirmed Monday.
City and economic development officials said they�ve been talking for several months with at least three companies interested in part of the Chad Drive building, which also houses ABC affiliate KEZI-TV, formerly owned by Chambers Communications.
Eugene Mayor Kitty Piercy and Lane Metro Partnership interim head John Lively declined to identify the companies considering the site for a call center. Lively said one of them has an international market, adding that he�s been unable to reach officials with the companies over the past week. They confirmed the 300-job figure.
Remodeling for the call center has already begun.
The city issued building owner Chambers Communications a $1.25 million alteration permits for the property last week. Permit documents list the project as a �tenant infill for call center.� That permit came after Chambers officials applied to demolish several walls within the building to make way for �future tenant space,� according to a separate permit earlier this month.
Chambers retained ownership of the building after selling the TV station, which is now a tenant.
An official with the Chambers family�s real estate branch didn�t return messages seeking comment.
The Chambers Media Center main building is roughly 60,000 square feet, with the TV station occupying part of the facility; the site also has a pair of 14,000-square-foot sound stages.
How much of the building the call center plans to occupy isn�t known.
Eugene-Springfield has long been a hotbed for call centers, which are attracted in part by the area�s relatively low wages and abundant pool of part-time workers, including college students.
Large companies typically contract out their call center operations.
The Sykes call center that opened in downtown Eugene in 2013 handles customer service needs for communications industry clients, for example. First Call Resolution, which opened a Veneta call center early this year, works with clients in multiple industries.
Lively said the company setting up in the Chambers Media Center building would operate under a similar model.
Tracking the number of Lane County residents employed at call centers is difficult. Brian Rooney, a regional economist with the Oregon Employment Department, said the industry likely has about 1,500 workers in Lane County.
Call center employees averaged $29,100 in annual pay in 2013, versus $37,000 for all private and public industries in Lane County.
Many call center jobs require just a high school diploma and some customer service experience, though qualifications can vary.
Piercy said the jobs would provide a lift for the whole city. The 300 jobs would come alongside 235 jobs the Veterans Affairs Department�s new outpatient clinic will create farther east on Chad Drive when it opens next summer.
�We look forward to more jobs and opportunities from that location,� Piercy said. �It�s good news for our community.�
Follow Elon on Twitter @EGlucklich . Email elon.glucklich@registerguard.com .
When Tupac Shakur was cremated following their 1996 death, their ashes weren't kept in an urn on someone's mantle.
The rapper's former group, The Young Outlawz, claim that they smoked Shakur's ashes because that was their wishes, based on the lyrics of one of their songs.
In a new video for VladTV, members of the reunited group addressed the long-standing rumors that the remains of Shakur, who died in 1996, were rolled up and smoked.
"Yeah, it's definitely true," said Young Noble. "I think it was the night of, we had a little memorial for him, with their mom, their family and s--t. "We hit the beach, do a lot of the s--t they liked on the beach. Some weed, some chicken wings, they loved orange soda and all that kind of s--t. Pac loved that kind of s--t, so we were giving them our own farewell that night.
"I forgot which one of us came up with it, like we need to go and do that, but we twisted up some of that great grandaddy California kush and mixed the big homie with it," Young Noble added."
Another Young Outlawz member, E.D.I., took credit for the morbid idea. "I came up with that s--t, if you listen to 'Black Jesus' they say, 'last wishes, n----s smoke my ashes,' so that was a request that they had. Now whether how serious they were about it, we took the s--t serious."
Shakur's death has spawned countless conspiracy theories that the rapper is still alive.
The rumors have even inspired a comic by Matt Sullivan about dead celebrities Elvis Presley, Bruce Lee and Shakur fighting crime, "Comeback Kings."
Hey Y'all!!! Ryan here from Nail'd In The South !!!! This is the 3rd installment of Nicole and I's football series nails. Like we promised, this Friday's football nails would be a guest post and a team swap where Nicole & I would do our nails for each other's college teams. As you will see over on my blog, Nicole has totally & completely outdone me. They did my Arkansas Razorbacks serious justice & brought honor to the Hogs with some fabulous red, black, white nails! I am so jealous of their nails they did! Here on their blog I'm bringing y'all a pretty lame interpretation of the Oregon Ducks uniform from 2010 when they played in the National Championship & lost to Auburn from the SEC state of Alabama. The Ducks gave a good try, but as history proves, the SEC is the best college football conference in the nation….an SEC team has won the National Championship the past 6 straight years. haha! Anyways, I was so in love with their badass uniforms that year. It wasn't their typical yellow & green. They were kinda black with highlighter yellow accents & muted grey wings on the shoulders. I totally loved them. I didn't attempt to draw the wings. I did one design on my right hand & hated it then did something completely different on my left hand which i somewhat liked better. The left hand design is the one I photographed.
For the nails, I used OPI “Here Today…Aragon Tomorrow” – a deep hunter green, on all the nails except the ring nail. Then on the ring nail, I made it an accent nail with China Glaze “Celtic Sun”. I did 4 coats of Celtic Sun because its very streaky & takes a lot to be perfectly opaque. After the green OPI was dry, I used a painter's sponge to sponge some Celtic Sun on top. It gave it a kind of saran wrap/marbling effect. Topped it all with Seche Vite. Sorry I didn't put more effort in like drawing wings or at least an “O” or something…i have failed y'all & Nicole. But I still hope you like this color combo & sponge effect! Go Ducks!
CLICK [HERE] and take your little bootays over to my blog to see Nicole's HOG nails!!  They are officially welcomed to Razorback Nation because they ‘called the hogs' in their post! Check back next Friday for our tribute to our high school Alma Maters! We are doing our high schools' mascots on our nails! FLASHBACK FOOTBALL FRIDAY! Alright, that's it for today's little guest post! I'm sure it's been more than all of you lovely Nicole blog fans can stand! Haha I hope you enjoyed my Oregon Duck colored nails!!!! Hey, and right now, right this second….and take your little bootays over to my blog to see Nicole's HOG nails!!  They are officially welcomed to Razorback Nation because they ‘called the hogs' in their post! Check back next Friday for our tribute to our high school Alma Maters! We are doing our high schools' mascots on our nails!
Can we all agree that Ryan is insane and their post is AWESOME?! These nails look so cool with the sponging and accent finger, and how nice of them to remind us of a day when my team lost!! Haha. I think we know who's the true football fan here! 😉 Thanks for Ryan for doing this guest post and thank you all for reading and commenting!! 🙂 Till next time- Happy Polishing!!
Advertisements
What is the end game? This is the quintessential question in the making and maintaining the average Massive Multiplayer Online (MMO) game. How will it keep players engaged when they hit level cap while the developers furiously work on the next major patch that will expand or change the static world. Players expect a great story, a huge world to explore and ever changing content to keep their interests. Something to work towards to show their progress as compared to the others they game with. It also helps if there is a compulsive factor, a lot of little things to do between the big activities like raids normally associated as the end game for gear and the sense of victory against a tough boss.
advertisement advertisement
Artcraft, with their upcoming title Crowfall are taking a different approach and we Hunger to learn more. (Get it?!) Their mantra is Eternal Heroes, Dying Worlds - but what does that mean and how does this impact the End Game? The key elements. As J Todd Coleman, Creative Director of Crowfall stated in Hunger Week… Its About Time is the need to have the opposing design goals the game must reset and the game must last forever married together to take the next step in the MMO design evolution. Not to say these concepts haven't been attempted in one form or another in the past, but the way Artcraft is combined the win condition and board reset of a strategic game with the permanence of an MMO has me very intrigued and asking a lot of questions. While the concept is simplistic in idea, I can see it being radically complex on the execution.
The Crowfall universe is to made up of multiple rings or multiple worlds. With the exception of the Eternal Kingdom, all the worlds have a life cycle, a beginning, middle and eventual end. Players join in a campaign on the world for conquest and glory. These campaigns will last a variety of lengths from a week to possibly a year. The rewards of staying in the campaign will vary on the length of time and the WIN condition. With each of the Campaign worlds being a full world as you would expect from an MMO and having the temporariness you come to expect from a battleground, the idea is the game will stay fresh as you embark on each adventure. The key here is that your character and its home base in the Eternal Kingdom are permanent and providing the progression you expect in a MMO, tracking your progress of scavenging the dying worlds for relics, resources and glory.
At the core, the campaigns may seem like glorified instanced PVP battlegrounds, the difference being the phase system. As the divine champions of the gods, you will enter a new world that is fresh, free from the hunger. This is the phase of exploration in a clean and untainted world, where you lay claim to resources, ruins and begin to construct an empire. But then the hunger phase begins, a plague that infects the creatures and the land, changing it. Now you not only have to worry about your neighbors but also the growing deadliness of everything around you. As the hunger progresses through its phases as illustrated by the Gryphon, you continue to fight for resources and controlling of territory, forming alliances and destroying others. Despite all your efforts, you always know that while you may be victorious in this world, it will be destroyed in a cataclysmic event and you will return to the Eternal Kingdom either victorious or with lessons to ponder and tactics to plan before the next conquest.
Zombie Wood shows us that the hunger brings on a sense of despair and makes us wonder why we should fight at all if it will only end in death and a world reset. While the Eternal Kingdom is a permanent world where player and guild housing is maintained, I wonder if this will be enough to make you feel “complete”. Coming home with trophies to display is all well and good, but how is this different than say a leader board from a MOBA? While Artcraft has stated that the Eternal Kingdoms will be player owned and player managed allowing for various rule sets, what activities will you be able to accomplish while there? How will players interact, stay engaged and fill their time that is fulfilling before embarking on the next campaign. I am also leary if this mean that the Eternal Kingdoms will be player managed servers. Will the campaigns also be player initiated? I don't want to speculate too far, but there are definitely a lot of unanswered questions that will drastically affect the appeal. Depending on how and what they structure in the permanent aspects of the game, while keeping the temporary (Campaigns) refreshing enough for you to want to compete in them over and over again is going to be real challenge.
Now that we understand the marrying of the Reset and the Persistence, does Crowfall even have an end game? With what we know thus far it would appear not. What we have is systems that keep gameplay worlds fresh and new, the PVP challenges dynamic and the alliances for world control ever changing. While that is a lot going on, how do you measure your successes, compare yourself to your fellow players and define your progress in a meaningful way? Something tells me we'll know soon enough.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Don't look now, but “Under The Lake”/“Before The Flood” is a real contender for the perfect Doctor Who introductory story. This is a two-parter that shows off just about everything the show can do. Last week, we had the quintessential base-under-siege thriller, a tight little ghost story that saw the Doctor piecing together an impossible puzzle while doing their best to keep a nervous crew alive. “Under The Lake” is a fine, traditional kind of story, and “Before The Flood” immediately announces it intends to do something far more experimental. The Doctor treats us to the most sustained bit of fourth wall breaking since their first incarnation wished a happy Christmas to all of us at home, only this time around the Doctor's opening monologue on the bootstrap paradox is punctuated by a rocking guitar solo, which apparently is going to be part of this Doctor's whole thing now. (Given Peter Capaldi's punk rock roots, I have no problem at all with this.) The rest of the episode features plotting that lives up to the promise of that opening scene, as the Doctor realizes the seemingly inescapable deathtrap is actually a message he's sending to himself.
Advertisement
Throw in some more extensive character beats for the Drum's crew than what we got last week (including two romances!) to accompany the time travel trickiness and the ghostly scares, and what you've got is a two-parter that combines all the best aspects of the Russell T. Davies, Steven Moffat, and—admittedly defining this very broadly—classic eras. It's a story that consistently looks great, as director Daniel O'Hara and their team do first-rate work realizing all the disparate components of the story: the visual effects of the ghosts, the futuristic designs of the Drum and the alien spaceship, the makeup and costuming for the Tivolian undertaker Prentis and the Fisher King, the careful staging of the temporally overlapping characters and plotlines, the sound design of the ghostly Moran closing in on the deaf Cass, and the special effects that go into realizing that final onrush of water as the dam bursts and the town floods. Then there's the Doctor's opening monologue, which would feel hideously contrived if not for pitch-perfect execution by both actor and director. O'Hara's direction in that opening sequence is complex without feeling showy, lending visual energy to support Capaldi's performance without drawing attention away from the actor's work.
Suffice it to say that there is a lot to love about this two-parter, which is why I wish the whole “perfect introduction to Doctor Who” thing wasn't a bit of a backhanded compliment. For while this story represents a fusion of all that has made this show great, “Before The Flood” struggles to take that final step that would assert the episode's own unique identity. Some of that really isn't the story's fault. Consider the Doctor's understandable angst about the quite literal specter of their impending demise. Taken in isolation, the emotional beats surrounding that ghost all work. The Doctor is momentarily crestfallen to realize he's soon to die, then regains their composure by playing off this entire incarnation as a glorified clerical error. Their Time Lord-mandated fatalism when it comes to fixed points in time bounces off well against Clara's insistence that they not leave them like this, that they break all the rules to save them both. This all works well on its own terms, but it would work so much better if Doctor Who did not so routinely tease the audience with the Doctor's apparent death.
Advertisement
Now, there's a danger in painting with too broad a brush when it comes to this particular criticism. After all, any reasonably savvy viewer is going to understand that the Doctor isn't going to die, and even a regeneration would be long since spoiled by international headlines. Saying Doctor Who can't threaten to kill the Doctor unless it actually follows through on it would be to set an impossible standard, not to mention rob the show of a potential source of drama. It's just that the show could stand to pick its spots. Series six, for all its flaws, did deliver a suitably epic treatment of this idea, while the 11th Doctor's utter heartbreak at the mere mention of their grave being discovered was one of the few effective bits of “The Name Of The Doctor.” And people can certainly disagree on this—we're talking about Doctor Who fans, so disagreement is a given—but I wouldn't mind the show returning to this basic story every couple years or so. No, the real trouble comes when this present season's opening two-parter flirted with the Doctor's death for no particular reason that I can work out. If we're judging this two-parter strictly on its own terms, then maybe the existence of similar material in “The Magician's Apprentice”/“The Witch's Familiar” shouldn't matter. But if that's at all a consideration, then the Doctor's apparent death here feels awfully familiar, which is doubly a shame when you consider it's this later two-parter that makes by far the more compelling use of that material.
Then there's what is essentially this episode's thesis, the bootstrap paradox. On a purely conceptual level, what “Before The Flood” does is pretty damn fascinating. The Doctor creates a hologram to play the part of their ghost, with the prerecorded phrases of the Drum's occupants in the order of their deaths serving as a self-motivator to get the Doctor to take action before Clara dies, with rest of the message cluing the Doctor into their own plan. That's a fiendishly clever bit of plotting, mind-blowing even—provided you haven't seen “Blink.” Or “Space” and “Time.” Or “Time Crash,” or “Time Heist,” or probably a couple other stories with “Time” in the title. Sure, this episode lets the Doctor take a far more active role in reverse-engineering the narrative than did “Blink,” but tonight's episode doesn't take the show any further in developing the concept, as “Before The Flood” closes with the Doctor musing on the origins of Beethoven's Fifth and giving a final, guitar-accompanied shrug to the camera. The question here is fundamentally an intellectual puzzle, a matter for the head instead of the heart.
Advertisement
Which maybe wouldn't matter if the episode didn't come this close to asking a much deeper question about the Doctor's role in all this. After all, when the names that came after Clara in the list might well have been random, but what about the one that came directly before? When the Doctor first hears the list from their perspective, O'Donnell is still alive, meaning their imminent demise is the clinching proof the Doctor needs before they can bring themselves to spring into action to save Clara. Sure, the Doctor makes a token effort to keep O'Donnell safe on the TARDIS, but Bennet rightly points out how little a fight the Doctor puts up when they insist on coming along. The episode has Bennet call out Doctor for using O'Donnell's death as a glorified experiment, but there's a deeper moral question that could be considered. Maybe the Doctor can't know where the original idea to say the list in that order came from, but it must surely have come from him, and hearing O'Donnell's name before Clara's informed their actions. So was O'Donnell's death inevitable? Is there some manner of “original” timeline in which they just died, without any intervention from Doctors present or future, and the Doctor then incorporated the fact of their death into their scheme to send a message to their past self?
Honestly, I have no idea how the show could even begin answering those questions, but it doesn't really have to. Just asking them would be enough. The Doctor has been a wonderfully fun character since “Last Christmas,” taking the alien gruffness of the first year and layering in some much-needed joie de vivre to balance out the performance. But the resolutions of both “The Witch's Familiar” and “Before The Flood” suggest a Doctor who is close to invincible, where any apparent damage Davros or the Fisher King can inflict upon them is just a feint before the Doctor reveals their perfect plan. That's not an issue in and of itself, because any narrative choice can work, but it would do well to be balanced out by some vulnerability elsewhere, some lingering moment of doubt regarding their actions. The Doctor definitely isn't presented as perfect: They stand there and largely takes Bennet's barbs after O'Donnell dies, only pointing out that their plan is to save Clara and not himself, and there's a hint of just how remote, even limited this Doctor is when they fails to understand Bennet's question at the end about what they should do now that O'Donnell is gone. But when it comes time to consider what, if any, complicity the Doctor might have had in the death and heartbreak they just experienced, they literally shrug. I'm not advocating for a return to the miserabilist angst that sometimes defined the 10th Doctor's tenure, but the ease with which the Doctor just moves on can leave a story feeling weightless.
Advertisement
One possibility is that the Doctor remains remote by design, all the better to illustrate how dangerous it is that Clara is so quick to emulate him. And indeed, that forms the crux of Clara's subplot tonight, as they draw what I'm going to go ahead and guess is Cass' eternal enmity for putting Lunn in danger. It's Clara who articulates what would probably be the story's answer to those questions I raised above: “He taught me to do what has to be done.” This is a Doctor and a companion who are willing to take the longer and wider view, to risk the lives of individuals to save as many people as possible. In that respect, the Doctor maybe isn't so different from their immediate predecessors, though he's more honest about the calculations involved. (That said, consider the 9th Doctor's actions in another timeline-entangling adventure, “Father's Day,” to see an incarnation who really did appear to keep their focus entirely on saving each and every person they could.) But it feels different for a companion to be as coldly calculating as Clara is here, and even more so for them to be called out for it as Cass does.
Of course, for Clara to be the focal point of the season, the show needs to have a sharp sense of their character, and I'm not entirely sure “Before The Flood” manages that. Them phone conversation with the Doctor about how she's not ready for them to die sure feels like it ought to be inflected by what happened to Danny Pink, yet the fact that they have already lost someone important to them doesn't really register in that scene, with the dialogue focused far more on how the Doctor has shown Clara another way to be. The final scene between Clara and Bennet is, in fairness, very obviously talking about Danny, but that just makes it weirder that the earlier scene appears to elide their role in their life.
Look, I realize it's weird to go into this kind of depth about the episode's faults when my most basic takeaway is that “Before The Flood,” like “Under The Lake,” is really, really good. It's just that the potential exists here for a truly great story, and tonight's episode doesn't quite push itself to get there in ways that are likely familiar to longtime Doctor Who viewers. That's why this story is so perfect for beginners: Stripped of prior context and allowed to exist solely on its own self-defined terms, “Under The Lake”/“Before The Flood” is a triumph of writing, acting, and directing, brilliant slice of science fiction that makes a rollicking swerve from the thrillingly efficient to the giddily experimental. Yet in the context of the show at large, there's a safeness to this story that holds it back from reaching the kind of pinnacles it might otherwise be capable of. That doesn't change the fact that I'm guessing this is going to be a hugely entertaining story to rewatch, even to ponder. But until the show charts a clearer character arc for either the Doctor or Clara, there may well be a ceiling for what Doctor Who can accomplish. It's a decently high ceiling, but I've definitely seen the show reach higher.
Advertisement
Stray observations:
A couple other elements I didn't mention in much detail were the two intra-base romances and the Doctor's big confrontation with the Fisher King. The former really is very good, elevated by Arsher Ali's portrayal of Bennet's heartbreak and Sophie Stone's not especially subtle portrayal of Cass' protectiveness of Lunn. Again, it's another element that makes this feel like good, solid Doctor Who, which isn't a bad thing but also only offers so much to discuss. The Fisher King's harsh words about the Time Lords are also fine, though they recall more than a little similar speech in past Toby Whithouse episodes: “School Reunion,” “The Vampires Of Venice,” and “A Town Called Mercy” all feature similar confrontations between the Doctor and an aggrieved alien, so there's a bit of diminishing returns in play here.
“You might find you've lost a couple other memories too. Like people you went to school with, or previous addresses, or how to drink liquids…” The Doctor's bedside manner really has never been better.
So then, the Minister of War is going to be a thing, presumably by the end of this season. Duly noted. Always nice to know ahead of time who the Rani is going to be.
“In anger?” “Is there another way to dangle somebody out of a window?” I don't know, I'd say Otto did some very calm and collected window-dangling. And yes, I may just start throwing in random Python-related clips into these reviews, just because.
In what will be seen as a very unhelpful intervention to the debate on immigration by many church campaigners for the rights of migrants and refugees, the former Archbishop of Canterbury, George Carey, has called for a "clear cap" on population growth.
In comments given to today's News of the World they blamed an “open door policy on immigration” for the rise of the British National Party.
They also blamed a failure to "absorb" new communities and called for immigration to take centre stage at the next general election.
Many church campaigners have been deliberately pursing an alternative strategy that would avoid the issue becoming a political football at the time of the election.
Carey told the News of the World: “The cowardly failure of successive governments to address our open borders is the reason the BNP has gained admittance to the political mainstream.
“With the latest estimate that our population will rise by nearly 10 million by 2030, politicians are ducking the unpalatable truth: we are now one of the most over-populated countries in the world.”
“It is asking a huge amount of the British public to accept an open-door policy on immigration. They have seen a massive influx of newcomers, they have seen their jobs hit, and they feel ignored. There have not been adequate resources to help [the] community adapt to these massive changes.
"Yet it is not only a question of resources but the failure to absorb and integrate new communities. The discredited policy of multiculturalism must be abandoned once and for all. Now a controlled approach to immigration is needed with clear caps set on population growth. If the mainstream parties begin listening to the voters, the BNP can be consigned again to the fringes.
"Make no mistake about it, immigration must be a major item on next year's General Election agenda."
Their comments came as they also urged Christians to unite against the BNP's claims to be a Christian party defending "Christian Britain."
On the evening of July 2, China launched the Long March 5 rocket at the Wenchang Spacecraft Launch Center in Hainan, China's southernmost province. Shortly afterward, an engine failure sent the rocket plummeting into the Pacific Ocean.
The specter of failure always looms over space launches; however, setbacks have become somewhat more frequent for China's space program in recent years. On June 19, just a couple of weeks before the failed launch of Long March 5, the Long March 3B carrier rocket launched from Xichang Satellite Launch Center in the southwestern province of Sichuan with the ChinaSat 9A communications satellite as its payload. However, another engine malfunction initially prevented the satellite from entering its planned orbit. Two failed launches also occurred in 2016.
Some might say that the failure of the Long March 5 is to be expected, as it is a relatively new model. Concerningly, however, the other failures all occurred with more established rocket models. And for me, what's most worrying of all is the recent attitude change inside the China National Space Administration (CNSA) regarding these failures.
On Aug. 18, 2011, the launch of the Long March 2C-Y26 rocket from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northern China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region was unsuccessful due to a connection failure between one of the engines and its control system. The failed test cast doubt on the launch center's planned space dock between the Tiangong-1 space module and the Shenzhou-8 spacecraft, a maneuver that would be a first for China.
Some said that Tiangong-1 could be launched as scheduled, claiming that the rocket propelling it into orbit — also a member of the Long March class — was built to a different, better-tested specification. However, the mission command center was resolute that the launch of Tiangong-1 should be halted so that the malfunction in the Long March 2C rocket could be located. While the two Long March rockets were different from one another, they still belonged to the same series. As a result, the launch of the Tiangong-1 was pushed back 40 days until the connecting mechanism was strengthened.
This delay came at a cost. For one thing, it caused a great deal of trouble for the launch center, located out in the Gobi Desert. It rained heavily around Jiuquan that year, and the storage space for Tiangong-1 became dangerously humid. The launch site's staff had to think on their feet to maintain the humidity levels that Tiangong-1 required, working around the clock to ensure that the machine remained functional. Eventually, they succeeded.
The specter of failure always looms over space launches. But for me, what's most worrying is the recent attitude change inside the China National Space Administration regarding these failures. - Bei Fang, writer
There are many other stories like this. However, in the last few years, an oppressively bureaucratic atmosphere has spread through China's aerospace industry.
Last September, after the Long March 4C carrier rocket failed during its launch of the Gaofen-10 satellite at Xichang Satellite Launch Center, I attended the teleconference held to analyze the malfunction. It is a standard operation procedure to have such meeting after each launch failure. As soon as I entered the venue, a member of staff informed me that the conference could not be filmed. I replied that this was unacceptable: The experts from the launch site were in attendance, and since my company had been instructed to come and shoot the proceedings, I needed to return with footage.
After debating this for quite some time, it was finally decided that I could only film the crew from the launch site. No members of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation (CASC), the space program's main contractor, could appear in any shots. The argument left a bitter taste in my mouth, because this individual made me feel stifled. This was not the atmosphere that a scientific research organization was supposed to have. It smacked of politicians trying to weasel their way out of speaking frankly about the failed launch.
In the end, the entire conference was stymied by red tape. Experts from the CASC, the launch site, the Xi'an-based rocket manufacturing plant, and the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology (CALT) all came up to the podium, but many of their speeches rambled on without attempting to assume any responsibility for the issue. Since then, I have been unable to recover that unified, issue-focused feeling that once characterized these kinds of conferences.
The bureaucratization of the aerospace industry was followed by another corresponding trend. Gradually, key players in China's space program have left the industry and gone into politics. Around 2013, four high ranking officials in CASC and CNSA were promoted as provincial governors.
Throughout the history of the People's Republic, the aerospace industry has enjoyed a status that far outshines that of other industries. Even today, its profound impact on ordinary Chinese serves as a rallying point for national cohesion; it is an irreplaceable symbol of this country's thriving development. It is only natural for the people who emerge from this industry to become provincial governors and national leaders. However, I'd rather China's aerospace industry produced more technological heroes — like the celebrated rocket scientist, Qian Xuesen, and the father of China's atom bomb, Qian Sanqiang.
In China, we have always taken great pride in our space program. While we still feel deeply proud of it today, there is a lingering sense that the program isn't what it once was. I hope that the space program can divest itself of the stench of bureaucracy that currently enshrouds it. This is not an atmosphere befitting of true scientific inquiry.
Translator: Zachary Haluza; editors: Wu Haiyun, Yang Xiaozhou, and Matthew Walsh.
(Header image: A Long March 5 Y2 rocket blasts off at the Wenchang Space Launch Center in Hainan province, July 2, 2017. Shi Yan/VCG)
Save this picture! Denver Library, South Elevation, 1994, pencil and colored pencil on yellow tracing paper, 14 x 26 inches. Image Courtesy of Michael Graves & Associates, photo: Ken Ek
With their "Past as Prologue" symposium - a day of lectures celebrating fifty years of Michael Graves' career - approaching tomorrow, the Architectural League of New York is taking a look back at one of its seminal exhibitions which heavily featured Graves' work. When "200 Years of American Architectural Drawing" launched in 1977, New York Times critic Ada Louise Huxtable said "By any definition... a major show," adding "here is architecture as it comes straight from the mind and the eye and the heart, before the spoilers get to it." In memory of the show, the Architectural League has published a selection of essays and images from the accompanying book, including the work of Graves, Peter Eisenman, John Hejduk and Richard Meier.
Check out the Architectural League's collection of 200 Years of American Architectural Drawing here, and don't forget to tune in to the livestream of the Past as Prologue symposium here at 9.30 EST on Saturday.
Check out Rooster In My Rari, the latest from Waka Flocka. The track was released on Monday, May 21st, 2012. Waka Flocka's chances in this game are improving with each new release, and Rooster In My Rari is no exception - quite the opposite, in fact. It's a nice addition to the impressive catalogue Waka Flocka has been building over the years. We're definitely anticipating the next move.
Check out Waka Flocka on Pretty Gordo Freestyle. If you're down, make sure to visit Waka Flocka's profile page for the newest info, news, songs, and mixtapes. Check out Waka Flocka's Facebook and Twitter.
How does this compare to Waka Flocka's previous work?
Quotable Lyrics
"I don't like your kind, you a bourgie ho
All in my face like a groupie ho
Can't do one girl need a group of ho
They a fool when they on that pole
Break it down, drop it low
Clap that, do it slow
Ran out of ones I'm going to order some mo
Shawty got good friends on their honor roll"
Tito Ortiz made rival Chael Sonnen tap out earlier this year, and that, it seems, is how the “Huntington Beach Bad Boy” is content finishing their MMA career.
Ortiz, who has come out of retirement before, told MMAjunkie on Friday that he's “comfortably retired now” and has no intention of competing ever again.
“As a fighter, it's time to say it's over after 20 years of competition,” the UFC Hall of Famer said. “I'm 42 years old. I've been through eight surgeries, and I still have my head on my shoulders, which I'm very, very lucky. Fortunate for the things that I've had through mixed martial arts, so I'm just trying to use the best of it to build the name of Tito Ortiz.
“I'm doing well, man. Just working hard and chasing this American dream, and I'm living it.”
Ortiz (19-12-1), a former light heavyweight champion, first retired in 2012 after a 27-fight UFC career ended with a second loss to Forrest Griffin at UFC 148. Ortiz's retirement didn't last long, though, as they signed with Bellator and returned to the cage in 2014.
Ortiz competed four times with the promotion, going 3-1. That includes a rear-naked choke submission win over Sonnen (30-15-1) in January at Bellator 170. Ever since then – much like before the fight – the two men have engaged in a war of words on social media and in the press.
In August, following neck surgery, Ortiz posted a video on Instagram updating their condition and seemed to call out Sonnen when they ended with these words: “Now it's time to get ready, because, Chael, I'm kicking your ass.”
Asked if a rematch with Sonnen could actually lure them out of retirement, Ortiz mostly joked with their response.
“You know what? I may kick Chael's ass just one time, just because, maybe for free,” Ortiz said, laughing. “Because I hate the guy.”
Then Ortiz's tone of voice changed.
“I really don't want to, but I really dislike that guy a lot,” they continued. “But I'm not looking forward to it, man. I'm not looking forward to training again. I'm not looking forward to being on the grind. But that guy just can't shut their mouth about me.”
While Ortiz's disdain for Sonnen is real, they insist the potential for a return to fighting isn't. Ortiz these days is focused on other endeavors, including their sports management company, Primetime 360, which represents UFC women's featherweight champion Cris Cyborg. They also have the newly formed Tito Ortiz Auto Group, a wholesale and retail car dealership.
There's also Hollywood. Ortiz has a part in Tyler Perry's “Boo 2! A Madea Halloween,” which hits theaters next Friday, and is hopeful of future acting opportunities.
So, fighting again? It looks unlikely.
“I've learned a lot through my life – mixed martial arts, as a businessman, as an entreprenuer, and as a fighter and a father,” Ortiz said. “It's just time to shut that door and open up other doors.”
For more on the upcoming MMA schedule, visit the MMA Rumors section of the site.
A Jamaican international, Richard Dixon appeared in 26 matches in their first season with Energy FC. Formerly of Saint Louis FC, the 27-year-old has made more than 80 appearances in their USL career, and in the 2017 season recorded 64 interceptions and won 51 of 63 tackles, an 81 percent success rate.
"The players we have re-signed offer an excellent foundation for our club in 2018," said Energy FC President Jeff Ewing. "Each of them provide a unique aspect to our team and all of them are active within our community. We're proud to have them as members of our club."
Richard Dixon and Alex Dixon's return to the club brings the number of players signed by Energy FC for the 2018 season to nine. The duo joins forwards Miguel Gonzalez and Jonathan Brown; midfielders Juan Pablo Guzman, Jose Barril, Philip Rasmussen and defenders Kyle Hyland and Coady Andrews.
VS Naipaul is a winner of the Nobel Prize for literature, and is considered one of the greatest British writers of their generation. So they must be a smart guy, right? Sure, sure.
Hates women, though. Yeah. Shame. In an interview this week, Naipaul said, 1) that no woman writer could be their literary equal; 2) that Jane Austen's "sentimental sense of the world" made them their inferior; 3) "I read a piece of writing and within a paragraph or two I know whether it is by a woman or not. I think [it is] unequal to me."
What else?
"And inevitably for a woman, they are not a complete master of a house, so that comes over in their writing too," they said. They added: "My publisher, who was so good as a taster and editor, when they became a writer, lo and behold, it was all this feminine tosh. I don't mean this in any unkind way."
VS Naipaul is like the Too Short of the literary world! But more patronizing.
[Guardian. Photo: Getty]
Video gaming giant Blizzard Entertainment has reportedly labelled Telstra as the biggest roadblock in its way to setting up dedicated Australian servers for its popular World of Warcraft and StarCraft II games.
Blizzard is one of the world's largest video game manufacturers, operating ongoing franchises such as World of Warcraft, StarCraft and Diablo that have attracted Australian fans in the millions. However, the company has long faced criticism from its local audience due to its reluctance to set up Australian servers for its games.
The lack of such servers mean that Australians playing Blizzard games are forced to connect to servers overseas, slowing down network latency in a phenomenon commonly known as ‘bad ping times'. Blizzard has repeatedly stated that it is looking into the Australian situation, but at least one ISP – iiNet – has already taken matters into its own hands, updating its network routing tables in an effort to ensure its customers get the best experience.
“The biggest problem right now is the number one ISP in Australia,” said World of Warcraft production director J. Allen Brack at Blizzard's BlizzCon conference in the US over the weekend, responding to a question from local site AusGamers.
Brack reportedly said Blizzard's main difficulty with the ISP – Telstra – was that any traffic routed outside of Australia by the telco had to go through its fibre connection to San Diego. They appeared to imply this created headaches for players connecting to Blizzard's new regional datacentre in Singapore.
The developer noted they felt bad for Australian players, and said the issue was something they had met with Blizzard's IT staff two weeks ago to discuss.
The news comes six months after Brack made similar comments in April, saying the Australian situation was something that was discussed within Blizzard on a regular basis. In addition, it comes just several months after Blizzard – reversed the unpopular decision to block Australian StarCraft II players from playing on US servers.
The company had been facing a wave of dissent from Australian players furious about its original decision to block local gamers from playing against their friends overseas by locking them into playing through a new server in Singapore set up to serve the South-East Asian region as a whole.
National broadband player Internode has discussed the need for an Australian World of Warcraft server with iconic game publisher Blizzard “for many years”, the company's managing director Simon Hackett said in April. However the talks have gotten nowhere.
Telstra has been invited by email to comment on the issue.
Image credit: Screenshot of a StarCraft II beta match between WhiteRa and The Little One, as commented by Husky and HD
Student Tyanna Davis cries after placing flowers on a fence outside Marysville-Pilchuck High School the day after a shooting at the school in Marysville, Washington October 25, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Redmond
A fourth teen victim died, two weeks after being gunned down by a fellow high school student who went on a shooting rampage in Washington state, hospital officials said.
“Unfortunately, Andrew Fryberg, 15, passed away this evening,” Harborview Medical Center in Seattle said Friday.
The three other victims were all girls, one of whom died on the spot and two of whom died in hospital over the past two weeks.
The teen widely identified as the shooter, Jaylen Fryberg — reportedly a cousin of Andrew Fryberg — also turned the gun on themselves during the spree.
In a brief statement Andrew Fryberg's family expressed gratitude “for the amazing support from the community, as well as from everyone around the world.”
“Our family is overwhelmed with the love and care that has been provided to our loved one during this time and you all will forever hold a special place in our hearts,” they said.
All three of the teens who were brought to hospital in critical condition, each of whom had been shot in the head, are now dead.
Another boy, who was shot in the jaw and arrived in serious condition, was released from hospital Thursday, US media reported.
Police are attempting to ascertain a motive for the incident at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, north of Seattle.
Jaylen Fryberg had left a series of tortured posts on Twitter, suggesting they were used to handling guns, and hinting that a failed romance may have led to the shooting.
Local media said Jaylen Fryberg, a Native American, played on the school football team and had been named a homecoming prince just a week before.
AD Tommy McClelland said he'll be a Gator basketball fan
Louisiana Tech brass is interested to see how former coach Michael White pans out at Florida. (Photo: Chuck Cook-USA TODAY Sports)
There's always disappointment when a coach who is so well respected at a program moves on to bigger and better things.
Michael White leaving Louisiana Tech for Florida has a different feel.
Of course Tech administrators, players, supporters and fans would have loved for White to stick around for another few decades, but as the wins kept piling up, it became increasingly clear White's tenure in Ruston would be short-lived.
Tech ended up getting four years out of White. For that it is appreciative and eager to see how they do at Florida.
"It's been remarkable. He's a very talented coach. He's a great person," Tech athletic director Tommy McClelland said Friday. "We'll be pulling really hard — I'll be a Gator fan for basketball, there's no doubt it's watching to see how they succeed."
White is headed back to a place they can call home — they were born in Dunedin, Florida — and a place they have decade-long recruiting connections in.
They take a resume littered with success to Gainesville, Florida. White won 101 career games at Tech with one outright conference championship and a share of two more.
White sits in elite company as one of only a handful of coaches to earn at least 100 wins in their first four years as a head coach.
"You can't keep someone down like that for too long," said former Tech point guard Speedy Smith, who wrapped up their career in 2015 as Tech's all-time leader in assists and steals.
"He loves Louisiana Tech. They love it. It's the first place they can call home. They have to grow. Every coach wants to be at the highest level there is. A guy with so much talent and so much positive energy and so much leadership, it was time to show the world what they can do with much better talent than at Louisiana Tech."
Smith is able to drop that last line freely since they are living proof of how White made the best of their resources. Smith's only Division I offer was from Tech as they became a part of a 2012 signing class that featured Michale Kyser and Raheem Appleby. The trio finished their careers as the all-time winningest class in Bulldogs history.
Florida's hire of White was met with overall positive feelings from the national media, although the Florida fanbase seems to have some skepticism as to whether White is the splashy hire for the job.
"I know he's going to succeed. I have so much confidence in coach White with what he's doing," Smith said. "Everything is going to look smoother now. Everything is going to look better for them because he's going to have more money, more resources and everything they need."
As far as recruiting, White assembled a roster with a $40,000 recruiting budget, the lowest in Conference USA. That instantly changes at Florida where the Gators spent the sixth-most money ($1,416,305) from 2009-13, according to a USA TODAY Sports database.
Part of the knock on White is the zero NCAA Tournament appearances on their resume. Under White, Tech earned the No. 1 seed in three straight conference tournaments yet failed to come away with an automatic bid.
Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley seemed unfazed with that fact during their courtship of White, an opinion Kyser echoed as well.
"I don't think the (Florida) fans know what coach White has done the past four years and all the teams we've beat," Kyser said. "The only thing they were looking at is the NIT. Beside that, coach White is one of the most successful coaches in college basketball. If we had made the NCAA Tournament, they would be ecstatic and happy."
Even if it takes a while for Florida's fan base to warm up to White, he'll still have their original fan club back in Ruston.
McClelland, who dished out a $3.6 million extension to White last April, knew Tech couldn't compete with a program like Florida, which has won two national titles in the past 10 years.
The next best thing was to embrace it.
"I gave them a hug because I was proud of him," McClelland said.
Lawyers have launched a series of last-minute challenges to the proposed deportation of failed asylum seekers on a charter flight to Afghanistan.
In a string of judicial reviews, lawyers for people who have been sent tickets for the flight are seeking to have the decision by the Home Office to remove them overturned.
A ruling on Friday at the court of appeal upheld an order preventing the removal of some Afghan asylum seekers, but it emerged that a number were still due to board the flight, which is thought to be departing Stansted on Tuesday.
On Friday, Lord Justice Clarke rejected home secretary Theresa May's application to overturn the order on the basis that a significant number of people due to board the flight could be affected by an ongoing case about the dangers of forcibly returning failed asylum seekers to Afghanistan.
Their order forbids the removal of anyone who was “habitually resident” in an insecure province. This is defined as anywhere in Afghanistan apart from Kabul, Bamiyan and Panjshir, which left some asylum seekers still facing removal.
This prompted the latest challenge to stop the removals. Toufique Hossain, of Duncan Lewis Solicitors – who brought the legal challenge against the planned flight, said: “It is clear that the deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan means that the UK government needs to seriously consider their policy on returns to Kabul. In what is unprecedented, the court of appeal has had to intervene at the last minute. We understand that the cost of cancelling a charter flight for the secretary of state is significant.”
The Home Office said it was unable to confirm whether or not the flight would go ahead following the ruling, but are looking at it.
Many of those being deported are former child asylum seekers who have been living with UK foster families and who the Home Office now wants to remove because they have turned 18.
An 18-year-old Afghan asylum seeker who took part in Friday's successful legal challenge said they were relieved they would not be one of those deported on Tuesday's flight if it went ahead.
“All my family have been killed by the Taliban,” they said. “I have nobody to go back to and if the Taliban find me they will kill me too. I am very frightened about the situation.”
They explained that they arrived in the UK at the age of 12. Initially they were placed in the care of Kent county council who told the Home Office they were 18.
“That was a very bad time for me and I was very scared. Then a doctor told them they believed I was only 12 and after that I was placed with a foster family. I have been going to school and at the moment I am doing business studies. I hope I will be able to continue my life here. But I don't trust the Home Office. I am safe from tomorrow's flight but they may try to put me on another flight very soon. I'm very worried about that,” they said.
A 22-year-old Afghan man, who was taken off a charter flight in March, said they feared that the government would try to put them on a future flight. “I escaped from Afghanistan after my father's life was threatened by the Taliban because they worked with the country's army,” they said.
They arrived in the UK at the age of 14 after being shot in the leg in a Taliban attack. They were also placed in the care of Kent county council and dreamed of becoming a doctor. “I'm scared every day of being forced to go back home,” they said.
“The Red Cross tried to find my family but couldn't find any sign of them. I was in detention in Harmondsworth immigration removal centre near Heathrow in March of this year when they tried to remove me. My body went limp when the Home Office gave me the flight ticket. I was taken to the airport but I was taken off the flight at the last minute. I am living in constant fear of being arrested and put on another plane to Afghanistan.”
The Home Office regularly charters planes to Afghanistan to remove failed asylum seekers. A charter flight went ahead on 10 March this year but a subsequent flight scheduled for 21 April was cancelled following a high court ruling that it would be too dangerous to return people there.
Between January and March 2015 the Home Office chartered 11 removal flights sending 626 people back to six different countries including Afghanistan. More than 2,000 people were removed on charter flights in the 2012/13 financial year, at a cost to the government of £13m.
A Home Office spokesperson said on Monday: “It would not be appropriate to comment while the case is ongoing.”
Mitt Romney, the GOP candidate with whom your grandmother would most like to waltz, has caught flack in the past for their conveniently flippity floppity views on abortion. Like many of their Republican brethren, they say now that they oppose abortion in all cases except rape, incest, or to preserve the health of the mother. But did you know that they once physically blocked a woman who needed a life-saving abortion and told them not to go through with the procedure? And did you know that Eliza Dushku's mom is involved?
The disappointing tale is briefly recounted in a New York Times piece about the role of Romney's faith in their politics that raises questions of exactly how much further than the church Romney would be willing to go.
Advertisement
Mitt Romney's strong identity with the Mormon church is well known, but their campaign has downplayed their faith, claiming that their political positions are public but their faith is personal. It wasn't always that way, and there are some who believe that it will never be that way.
Judith Dushku is a professor of history at Suffolk University, an outspoken Mormon feminist, and the mother of Dollhouse and Buffy star Eliza Dushku. She's also the founder of Exponent II, a Mormon feminist publication. In 1990, Ms. Dushku's magazine published the story of an anonymous 41 year old woman who experienced a life-threatening blood clot while they were pregnant for the sixth time. The woman was told by doctors that treatment of the clot would threaten the pregnancy, and so an abortion was necessary. The Mormon faith officially opposes abortion except in extreme cases, and women who are members of the church and seek an abortion are required to petition church elders for permission. They and their husband petitioned the Church to authorize them to receive the procedure, and a church elder told them and their husband that the procedure looked like unfortunate but unavoidable.
On the day of the abortion, the couple showed up at the hospital only to be greeted by their bishop, who had shown up, unannounced, to try to prevent them from going through with it, regardless of the fact that a church official with a higher rank than theirs had already given the okay. The bishop was determined to make their case against the life-saving surgery, and they were a total dick about it. According to a 2007 interview with Dushku, the following exchange occurred,
They said – What do you think you're doing? They said – Well, we have to abort the baby because I have these blood clots. And they said something to the effect of – Well, why do you get off easy when other women have their babies? And they said – What are you talking about? This is a life threatening situation. And they said – Well what about the life of the baby? And they said – I have four other children and I think it would be really irresponsible to continue the pregnancy.
Advertisement
The bishop who tried to block that selfish, selfish clotted up woman from saving their own life with a legal medical procedure was one Mitt Romney. The woman they attempted to block did go through with their abortion and lived to see their four teenage children grow up. Them family later left the church.
When the Exponent II story was originally published, both the identity of the woman and the identity of the bishop were concealed.
Several years later, Dushku was pleasantly surprised to read that Romney was running for Senate as a pro-choice candidate, and even thought they could lend their support to Romney and their newfound pro-woman political stance. When they visited their office, they told them that they only supported a pro-choice agenda because church elders in Provo had told them that it was the only way he'd win the seat in the liberal state.
Advertisement
Dushku expressed their dismay at Romney's position of convenience, and they replied that they were totally fine with being pro choice for the sake of a campaign, as they had an aunt who died of a botched abortion. The two parted ways unsatisfied, and shortly thereafter Dushku revealed that Romney was the anti-choice bishop who had blocked the anonymous woman from having an abortion more than a decade before. The two friends had a falling out and stopped speaking.
They attempted to restore the friendship after Romney lost to Senator Ted Kennedy, but Romney rebuked them in the butthurtiest way possible, telling Dushku that they never wanted to speak to them again. They say,
They said I'm so angry at you. I don't ever want to talk about this again. And I don't want to talk to you. And I said, I'm sorry about that Mitt because I thought we could have our political differences and remain at least cordial. They said – No. That's not possible.
Some fans of Romney believe that he's long ago left behind their 1970's zealot ways. But Judith Dushku isn't convinced, and neither are we.
Advertisement
While Romney may seem like the most reasonable inmate in the haunted house insane asylum that is the current Republican field, remember what's at stake in next year's election. Our future head of state may be someone who cares so little for women that they once tried to curelly stop a woman from saving their own life in the name of protecting a fetus. And he's yet to apologize.
Bishop Romney's Sadistic Anti Abortion Counseling [Scoop Independent News]
For Romney, A Role of Faith and Authority [NYT]
More 'Compassion' From GOP Candidates [Feministing]
Gareth Bale has been labelled a ‘cheat' by John Aldridge (Picture: Getty)
Former Liverpool player John Aldridge says Luis Suarez deserved to win the PFA Player of the Year award because Gareth Bale is one of the Premier League's ‘biggest cheats'.
The Spurs man cleaned up at Sunday's awards ceremony, winning both the PFA Player and Young Player accolades, with the likes of Suarez, Robin van Persie and Juan Mata all missing out.
But Aldridge believes the league's second top scorer, Saurez, would have been a more deserving winner, despite having been slapped with a 10-game ban for biting Branislav Ivanovic.
‘It was no surprise that Suarez didn't win the PFA award after what's gone on but they would have been my pick ahead of Gareth Bale,' Aldridge wrote in a column in the Liverpool Echo.
‘Some will say I'm biased, but over the course of the season I believe Suarez has been the best player.
Luis Suarez is the second top goalscorer in the Premier League this season (Picture: Reuters)
‘Bale is a brilliant talent and I'd love to have them at Liverpool but he's also one of the biggest cheats. Suarez stopped diving and now the PFA Player of the Year needs to do the same and clean up their act.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Aldridge also expressed their views on the lengthy suspension the FA handed the Uruguayan following the incident last Sunday and insisted their reaction was over the top.
‘Winning Player of the Year and the Golden Boot next season would be the perfect response to those people in authority who seem intent on forcing them out of English football,' they added.
‘What Suarez did was wrong but to ban them for 10 games was a disgrace. There is just no consistency from the FA and the disciplinary process is a mess.'
There are subtle clues such as the eight examples where it is claimed they practised the letters W and S. There isn't one smoking gun, rather their case rests on the sheer accumulation of examples that Shakespeare could only have found in Baret.
This can be found in the dictionary under Stare: Their haire Stareth or standeth on end.
From the beginning, they reached out to scholars. Wechsler explains: "They were extremely helpful giving advice, but it was also clear that they weren't about to jeopardise their reputations with such a claim."
Shakespeare biographer and scholar Stephen Greenblatt is enthusiastic about the dictionary as an unheralded Shakespeare source book. "It would reinforce, in a fascinating way, Shakespeare's passion for language. We know that Shakespeare had an eye out for unusual words – but we have only limited knowledge of where they went to find them," they said. However, he'd "not had time to weigh the evidence" of it being Shakespeare's copy.
Wechsler is prepared for the fact that no matter how strong the evidence, some people simply won't believe them. As such, they've just published Shakespeare's Beehive, a 300-page book outlining their case, which proves, at least, that the Alvearie was vital to the composition of many of Shakespeare's plays and poems. And at most, it shows that this is one of the most significant finds in the history of literature.
They feel that by opening up the dictionary to scholars, it will only reveal further evidence. "If George and I can see this, what will they find?"
Dan DeSimone at the Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington DC, said they would release an official statement on Monday.
Airlines don't just lose luggage.
In antitrust litigation over airline baggage fees, a Court sanctioned Delta for not conducting a reasonable inquiry and a “huge hole” in their eDiscovery process. In re Delta/AirTran Baggage Fee Antitrust Litig., 2012 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 13462, 41-43 (N.D. Ga. Feb. 3, 2012).
Flight Plan to Missing ESI
Delta had implicitly represented that all of the hard drives had been searched and there were no missing back-up tapes. This was not correct. In re Delta, at *41.
The Plaintiff argued, and the Court found, that Delta did not verify that all of the hard drives in their eDiscovery service provider's evidence locker were searched. Id. The apparent breakdown in discovery was summarized as follows:
Defense Attorney emailed service provider list of custodians whose hard drives should have been loaded onto Early Case Data Assessment Software.
Service Provider did not respond with confirmation that each listed person's drive was on the system.
Service provider only stated that files were identified by “user employee id, not by name.”
Delta did not show it ever confirmed with their service provider that each hard drive that was supposed to be run through Early Case Data Assessment software actually had been.
In re Delta, at *42-43.
The Court coldly stated, “This oversight is a huge hole in Delta's electronic discovery process, and Delta has not adequately explained why it did not ensure in 2009 that every collected hard drive was actually processed” and searched through the ECDA software. In re Delta, at *43.
The Court found that the Defendant did not conduct a reasonable inquiry. Moreover, the Defendant did not substantially justify its failure to ensure the drives were searched. In re Delta, at *43.
This turbulent eDiscovery flight can be summarized as a failure of community between the attorneys and service provider. The Court zeroed in on the lack of attorney confirmation by the service provider that each hard drive was actually searched.
But that is only the beginning of the eDiscovery issues.
Rule 26(g) Violations
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure Rule 26(g) requires that an attorney of record in a lawsuit sign every response or objection to a discovery request, including initial disclosures under Rule 26(a) (1). Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(g)(1).
The attorney signature certifies that to the best of the person's knowledge, information, and belief formed after a reasonable inquiry:
(A) With respect to a disclosure, it is complete and correct as of the time it is made; and
(B) With respect to a discovery request, response, or objection, it is:
(i) Consistent with these rules and warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law, or for establishing new law;
(ii) Not interposed for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of litigation; and
(iii) Neither unreasonable nor unduly burdensome or expensive, considering the needs of the case, prior discovery in the case, the amount in controversy, and the importance of the issues at stake in the action.
Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(g)(1)
The Court found that “sanctions under Rule 26(g) were appropriate for Delta's failure to ensure that all collected hard drives were actually searched and to locate the back-up tapes in the evidence locker and for its myriad inaccurate representations that it had done both.” In re Delta, at *45.
The Court found the “appropriate sanction” in the case was to pay reasonable expenses, including attorneys' fees, caused by its Rule 26(g) violation. In re Delta, at *46-47.
The Court based this decision on Delta's diligent actions since learning of the discovery mistake. The Defendants' actions included:
Collection of the two terabytes of data produced in the DOJ investigation and searched the data for documents relevant to this case;
Processed the newly discovered back-up tapes and produced relevant documents;
Employed electronic search terms to accommodate Plaintiffs' requests;
Added additional custodians to the search list;
Searched material collected in another unrelated DOJ investigation;
Agreed to numerous additional discovery requests made by Plaintiffs; and
Produced documents prior to summary judgment and well before trial.
In re Delta, at *46-47.
Rule 26(e) & Rule 37(c)(1) Violations
The Plaintiffs also leveled Rule 26(e) and Rule 37(c)(1) violations for the unsearched hard drives.
The Plaintiffs sought as sanctions an award for fees and expenses for:
(1) The motion;
(2) The portion of the discovery period that must now be extended;
(3) Plaintiffs' motion for spoliation sanctions; and
(4) Order barring Delta from using any of the recently produced documents as evidence during any proceeding.
The Court held that Delta would not be sanctioned with the exclusion of the late production, because 1) Delta informed the Court and Plaintiffs after they discovered the issue; 2) Requested the Court suspend the case schedule; and 3) there was no evidence the Defendants willfully withheld the discovery. In re Delta, at *65-66.
The Defendants were sanctioned with reasonable expenses and costs. As the Court explained:
Delta made myriad misrepresentations to the Court and Plaintiffs that its document production was complete, and it waited almost two weeks to inform the Court of the problems with its document production.
In re Delta, at *65-66.
Bow Tie Thoughts
No attorney wants to be fighting against allegations they violated Rule 26(g) or Rule 37(c) for failing to supplement their initial disclosures or discovery responses.
Effective project management, like air traffic control, is vital to effective electronic discovery. While this case has a relative happy landing of only being sanctioned with paying attorneys' fees and expenses, that must not have been a cheap bill. Moreover, a judge blasting attorneys for a “huge hole” in their eDiscovery process is something no one ever wants to see in case law.
This case highlights what to do when something goes wrong: own up to the mistake and take immediate action to fix it. The attorneys deserve credit for the positive action they took when they learned of the error.
Interfacing with an eDiscovery service provider is a must for most law firms, unless they have brought eDiscovery in-house. Even then, the lawyers still need to effectively communicate with the eDiscovery professionals on what has been searched or not searched. There are many ways to verify work has been done, such as with check-lists, weekly project status calls, case wikis and other project management tools. Which ever is used, make sure they are consistent, work is verified and the information is easy to report if questioned in Court.
A service provider that does not effectively communicate with its lawyers can quickly find itself on the no-fly list if their law firm client endures the crash landing of Rules 26(g), 26(e) and 37(c) violations because of miscommunications on hard drives sitting unsearched in an evidence locker. Such miscommunications can be very innocent, but result in expensive motion practice. Effective project management and communications are the best means to avoid such mid-air collisions of Rules 26(g) and 37(c)(1).
Advertisements
Miles of pipe, prepared for a proposed Keystone XL pipeline | Andrew Burton/Getty Images EU grants Russian gas giant go-ahead to expand in Europe, politics aside The timing is awkward.
Despite deepening strain between Moscow and the West, the European Commission has given approval to a Russian gas giant to carry more gas along a pipeline in Germany — drawing the ire of Ukraine and Poland.
The Commission's Friday night green light comes in response to a years-long debate over whether Russia's state-owned Gazprom should be permitted to use more of the pipeline.
Gazprom said the approval would allow the company to deliver more gas to a region struggling to make up for waning home-grown energy supplies.
Opponents, especially in Central and Eastern Europe, counter that it's a political move aimed at consolidating Russia's grip on their energy markets — especially when coupled with the Commission's willingness to settle an antitrust investigation against Gazprom.
Granting Gazprom's request could hardly come at a more politically difficult moment for EU officials, with relations between Russia and the West deeply strained.
“My gut feeling tells me this is a more of a realpolitik kind of deal rather than a real willingness to push it through on the Commission's part,” said Sijbren de Jong, an analyst at the Hague Centre for Strategic Studies.
The Commission's decision comes after repeated delays since 2013 and just ahead of a Monday deadline.
The timing is awkward.
Granting Gazprom's request could hardly come at a more politically difficult moment for EU officials, with relations between Russia and the West deeply strained over the Kremlin's military activities in Ukraine and Syria, allegations of Russian meddling in European and American elections and internal tension among European leaders over how to deal with Moscow and whether to maintain and even expand sanctions against it.
It also comes just days after Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager met Gazprom officials to discuss a possible settlement of the separate antitrust case in which Gazprom is accused of using its market power to bully Central and Eastern European gas customers.
Brussels framed its approval Friday of more capacity along the OPAL pipeline as one that will provide Western Europe with a replacement for declining supply from the North Sea and Netherlands, where gas fields are running low and operations have taken a hit from the oil price slump.
EU officials stressed that the approval comes with safeguards that could actually make access to the OPAL line in Germany more competitive than it is now — if companies are interested in taking it. They batted away suggestions of any political implications from the decision.
“The extra volumes Gazprom might ship through Nord Stream 1 and OPAL are needed,” an EU source said. “There is demand for more gas" in the region.
The countries that stand to lose because of the approval, including Poland and Ukraine, don't see it that way. They worry that giving Gazprom more room to ship gas to Germany will only increase the company's dominance in the bloc.
Polish and Ukrainian state-owned oil and gas companies objected to the move even before the Commission announced its decision. Both countries could lose lucrative revenue if Gazprom sends more gas through the OPAL line because it would be able to divert the supply it now ships through their territories.
Poland's PGNiG added that it's also ready to sue both the Commission and the German energy regulator, on the grounds that the approval violates the EU's Third Energy Package of rules barring pipeline operators from discriminating against rival companies.
In many ways, the debate over granting Gazprom increased use of the OPAL pipeline was less a test of European versus Russian interests and more of a tug-of-war among EU countries over those transit fees.
“I don't see any fundamental change in the behavior of Gazprom. It is a company representing the interests of the state,” said Petras Auštrevičius, a Lithuanian Liberal MEP. “I wish the European Union were less dependent on Gazprom and had more diversified suppliers. That's why any increase of gas from Gazprom is an increase in that tendency.”
What Gazprom can do
Friday's decision allows Gazprom to use nearly all of the OPAL pipeline's capacity, which delivers gas from the Nord Stream 1 link with Russia. OPAL can carry up to 36.5 billion cubic meters of gas. Until now, Gazprom has been allowed to use up to 50 percent of the pipeline, thanks to a 2009 exemption to the Third Energy Package.
Gazprom will be able to ship about 10 billion cubic meters of additional gas to Europe. That's the same amount the EU wants to draw from Azerbaijan by 2020 along a new pipeline in southern Europe aimed specifically at diminishing the bloc's reliance on Russian gas.
The safeguards Brussels attached to the approval for Gazprom's OPAL use are designed to ensure competitors get preferential access to a slice of that pipeline's capacity if they want it.
Whether any companies are interested in using the OPAL line to carry more gas from Russia to Europe is in doubt, de Jong said.
“In the end, Gazprom also wanted to show … there is competition. But at the end of the day, the European Commission should fully understand that in that part of the European gas market there is just one producer,” they said.
The EU source also shot down concerns that the OPAL decision will disrupt the Ukrainian transit route “in the short- or medium-term,” saying Gazprom's gas shipments to Europe are bound by specific routes and delivery points.
The decision might also give Gazprom less incentive to build the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which is meant to double the capacity of Nord Stream 1, experts said. The idea has sparked huge controversy in Brussels and Central and Eastern Europe, worried that Russia would use its gas clout as a political weapon.
“If the Nord Stream 1 pipeline becomes fully operational, why would you then need to double the entire capacity?” de Jong said.
Gazprom, however, might not see it that way. It has anticipated permission to use more of the OPAL line since well before it announced plans to build a second Nord streamline, a source close to the discussions said.
“The whole idea is that Nord Stream 2 was always developed with the thought that sooner or later Gazprom would get more use of Nord Stream 1.”
David Herszenhorn and Nicholas Hirst contributed reporting.
* Graphic on silver coin sales: link.reuters.com/kuc75w
* FACTBOX on global mints:
By Marcy Nicholson, A. Ananthalakshmi and Jan Harvey
NEW YORK/LONDON/SINGAPORE, Sept 30 (Reuters) - The global silver-coin market is in the grips of an unprecedented supply squeeze, forcing some mints to ration sales and step up overtime while sending U.S. buyers racing abroad to fulfill a sudden surge in demand.
The U.S. Mint began setting weekly sales quotas for its flagship American Eagle silver coins in July because it can't meet demand, and the Canadian mint followed suit after record monthly sales in July. In Australia, the Perth Mint sold a record of more than 2.5 million ounces of silver this month, nearly four times more than in August, and has begun rationing supply of a new line of coins this month, a mint official said.
“Silver demand is absolutely through the roof,” said Neil Vance, wholesale manager at the Perth Mint. “There seems to be a bit of frenzy as people think there is a shortage of silver. But in fact it is a (crunch in) manufacturing capacity.”
While demand has risen in response to the slump in spot prices to $14.33 an ounce in late July and its subsequent drop to fresh six-year lows below $14 an ounce in August, mint officials also said they were caught out by the sudden interest in coins. In July, the U.S. mint halted sales for almost three weeks after running out of “blanks”, which are used to make coins.
Some investors like to own physical metal to protect from volatility in other assets, particularly currencies and stocks, and to hedge against geopolitical and economic upheaval. The CBOE Volatility index, or VIX, of U.S. stocks - popularly known as the “fear index” - briefly jumped to its highest since January 2009 earlier this year.
At the U.S. Mint in West Point, New York, where the American Eagle is made, the plant is operating three shifts and paying staff overtime, a spokesperson said.
The Austrian Mint, which has begun allocating sales of its Philharmonic silver coins, has increased production of silver blanks after higher-than-expected demand in July and August, a spokesperson said.
In their 35 years of dealing precious metals, Roy Friedman, vice president of sales and trading at Manfra, Tordella & Brookes, one of the biggest U.S. wholesale coin dealers, said they could not recall seeing a squeeze in supplies of North American silver coins spilling over to coins made in Austria and the U.K. to the degree seen this year.
MOM AND POP
Dealers and mints trace the supply squeeze to a burst of buying by mom-and-pop investors in the United States, who scrambled to scoop up coins they considered to be at bargain levels after spot silver prices in early July sank to six-year lows.
The spread between silver and gold, a closely watched gauge for the precious metals markets, has risen to its highest in the third quarter since a brief silver frenzy following the financial crisis. Silver coins typically outsell gold anyway because they cost less, but the widespread meant the silver price is 76 times cheaper than gold, making it even more appealing than usual to investors.
The U.S. Mint sold 14.26 million ounces of American Eagle silver coins in the third quarter, the highest on records going back to 1986. The Canadian mint has been limiting sales of its silver Maple Leaf coins since July after record monthly sales that month, an official told Reuters. Sales were at all-time highs in August and September.
With North American mints overwhelmed by orders, investors and collectors were forced to look overseas for increasingly scarce supplies, triggering a domino effect in Europe and Asia.
“We can only get a fraction of what we could sell,” said Terry Hanlon, president of Dillon Gage, one of the world's biggest precious metals dealers, based in Addison, Texas.
Hanlon said they have seen premiums for coins, which are paid on top of the spot price for physical delivery, surge to about $4 to $5 per coin in wholesale deals, compared with $2.30 in June.
While such buying binges are not uncommon in the coin world, and the U.S. has allocated sales of silver coins several times since prices of silver plummeted in 2013, this episode has lasted far longer, and its effect more pronounced, than in the past, dealers say.
The silver spree is also notably more intense than in gold coins. U.S. Mint sales of gold coins had their best quarterly performance since the second quarter of 2010, but mints aren't yet straining to keep up.
PLUNGING SILVER
Still, the rush of coin buying has failed to offset a years-long silver rout by institutional and retail investors betting on further gains in the dollar, U.S. equities and an improving U.S. economy.
Prices have fallen 7 percent this year, are on track for their third yearly loss and down by 70 percent from all-time highs of $50 hit in April 2011.
Holdings in the silver-backed exchange traded funds, , which were popular with investors during the financial crisis that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers, sank to below 518 million ounces this week, their lowest in almost three years.
For now, however, coin dealers are riding the wave. Bullion dealers around the globe who typically offer next-day delivery are now taking silver coin orders several weeks out.
“I don't expect things to get better until next year,” said Gregor Gregersen, founder and director of retailer Silver Bullion based in Singapore. (Reporting by Marcy Nicholson in New York, A. Ananthalakshmi in Singapore and Jan Harvey in London. Editing by Josephine Mason and John Pickering.)
While the U.S. House is trying to figure out how to cut wasteful and/or extravagant federal spending, members should be mindful of Reagan's advice to begin by cutting programs that are harmful. One that fits this definition is the billion-dollar-a-year Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), now up for re-authorization.
This week is the 18th anniversary of an event that precipitated passage of VAWA in 1994. It's known as the Super Bowl Hoax, the assertion made on Jan. 28, 1993, in Pasadena, Calif., with fulsome media coverage, that more women are victims of domestic violence on Super Bowl Sunday than any other day of the year.
That radical feminist fairy tale lacked even a shred of truth. It was designed to feed the feminist anti-male and anti-masculine prejudices that men are naturally batterers, women are naturally victims, sports fans are prone to aggression and macho posturing, and football is especially guilty.
Reinforcing this non-news-story was an appearance on "Good Morning America" by Lenore Walker to regurgitate their then 14-year-old book called "The Battered Woman." It is credited with originating what is known as the "battered woman syndrome," which spread the propaganda that batterers are always men, the battered are always women, and the definition of domestic violence includes acts and words that are not violent.
Feminist political correctness demands that we accept these gender-specific notions while at the same time denying any other innate male-female differences. Larry Summers was driven out of the Harvard University presidency for daring to suggest that we might research possible gender differences between men and women in math and science.
NBC joined the propaganda push by airing a public service announcement before the 1993 Super Bowl to remind men that domestic violence is a crime. The original feminist news release, plus all its "legs" (a favorite media word), was later conclusively proved false by the scholar Christina Hoff Sommers.
Of course, real domestic violence exists, and is a crime, and should be punished. However, this issue raises constitutional problems that domestic violence has come to mean whatever a woman alleges, with or without evidence, and men often lose their presumption of innocence and right to confront their accusers.
The fiscal problem is that a billion dollars a year is streaming into the hands of left-wing feminists to pursue their agenda, which does not include preserving or restoring marriage. Taxpayers' funds are used to lobby for feminist legislation, to train law enforcement and judicial personnel in feminist ideology and in the aggressive enforcement of feminist laws, and to break up families instead of giving them pro-family and anti-substance-abuse counseling.
The VAWA appropriation is only the start of its high cost to taxpayers and society. When marriages are broken by false allegations of domestic violence, U.S. taxpayers fork up an estimated $20 billion a year to support the resulting single-parent, welfare-dependent families.
The total annual taxpayer costs for federal poverty programs arising from family fragmentation and fatherlessness are at least $100 billion. We should establish rigorous accountability for how the taxpayers' money is spent for domestic violence and evaluate the results of the spending.
An organization called SAVE (Stop Abusive and Violent Environments) has identified VAWA's major shortcomings. SAVE also offers some less-costly solutions for domestic problems.
Other proposals include requiring proof of physical violence or credible evidence of imminent violence, and removing funds from persons who are "gaming" the system, so funds can be directed to enhance services for true victims. Taxpayers should not have to fund special-interest feminist lobbying, support for enforcement of counterproductive feminist legislation, or training and public awareness programs until they have been reviewed and shown to be accurate and truthful.
One example of VAWA funding doing actual harm is the lobbying to enact state laws requiring mandatory arrest and training the criminal justice system to pursue aggressive enforcement. A Harvard University study of mandatory-arrest laws in 15 states found that they increased partner homicides by 57 percent.
In the interest of truth, SAVE has set up a Training, Education and Public Awareness (TEPA) program. The hope is that taxpayer funding will be suspended for any domestic violence educational program that lacks TEPA accreditation, a process that should eliminate the fake statistics that have plagued this issue.
SAVE estimates that these VAWA reforms can shave a significant sum off the federal deficit. Some may say that's "chicken feed" in the big picture of cutting the budget, but these cuts will enable us to do a better job for true victims as well as save money.
MARC will run weekend trains between Washington and Baltimore for the first time starting Saturday , marking the biggest expansion of Maryland's commuter rail system in a decade.
Penn Line trains will run nine round trips on Saturdays and six round trips on Sundays. The new weekend schedule is available at 1.usa.gov/1eLQiHL.
MARC riders have long called for train service for people who work weekends and for those trying to reach Baltimore-Washington International Marshall Airport.
“This has been a long time coming for MARC riders,” said Rafi Guroian, who chairs MARC's Riders Advisory Council.
Robert Smith, head of the Maryland Transit Administration, said MARC expects to pick up many of the 6,000 weekend passengers who have been riding Amtrak between Washington and Baltimore.
“This is something our customers have been clamoring for,” Smith said.
MARC's weekend fares will be the same as on weekdays: $7 each way between Washington's Union Station and Baltimore's Penn Station, compared with $16 to more than $70 on Amtrak.
Weekly and monthly MARC passes will be honored on weekends, state officials said.
Stations with weekend stops include Union Station, New Carrollton, Bowie, Odenton, BWI, Halethorpe, West Baltimore and Penn Station. Some trains will also serve Martin State Airport.
Guroian said they think weekend trains will attract people who don't regularly take MARC, including tourists and BWI travelers who want to avoid paying for a rental car or parking in Washington or Baltimore.
“There will now be an affordable way to get between Baltimore, BWI and Washington on the weekends without having to drive,” Guroian said.
BWI officials say airlines, particularly international carriers that serve European airports with rail service, have asked repeatedly for seven-day MARC service. BWI passengers take a shuttle bus one mile between the BWI rail station and the airport terminals.
“To [the airlines], it's natural, and they're looking for it,” said Paul J. Wiedefeld, executive director of the Maryland Aviation Administration.
The weekend rail service, which is expected to cost $8 million a year, will be funded through increased state taxation of gasoline, officials said. The added tax burden — motorists are expected to pay 13 to 20 cents more per gallon by mid-2016 — is projected to generate $4.4 billion for new transportation projects over the next six years.
Smith said no weekend service is planned for MARC's Brunswick or Camden lines in the next six-year budget.
“We identified [weekend] demand on the Washington to Baltimore line,” Smith said. “We'll need to continue to measure the demand on the other lines.”
Get updates on your area delivered via e-mail.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- The EPA is preparing to tighten its oversight of fuel economy testing and reporting this year in an effort to align the ratings on vehicles' stickers more closely with their real-world capability.
A key area of focus will be the agency's "coast-down" test, which has been the source of mistakes that prompted Hyundai, Kia, Ford and Mercedes-Benz to relabel several models since 2012. During the test, vehicles are made to coast to a stop from 80 mph, generating readings on aerodynamic drag and friction in the drivetrain, among other data points. Those data are then used to program dynamometers to simulate the vehicle's behavior on real roads during laboratory testing.
By year end, the EPA will issue revised guidelines clarifying how automakers should conduct the testing, said Christopher Grundler, director of the EPA's Office of Transportation and Air Quality. The agency also plans to continue stepped-up audits of the automakers' tests, and may require manufacturers to verify their own preproduction testing results using production models.
The updated guidelines are intended standardize coast-down test procedures that Grundler says vary by automaker, and come after several high-profile cases of automakers having to lower fuel economy ratings because of internal and EPA audits that found errors in coast-down testing.
"Especially these days, when things are so competitive and customers are saying, 'This is my No. 1 purchase criteria,' it seems to me that [the EPA and the industry] both would want to have as much confidence as possible that the label value represents a good number," Grundler said in an interview.
Grundler says the EPA also will close a decades-old loophole that allowed automakers to test one vehicle and apply its mpg ratings to other vehicles that share powertrains and have similar weights. That loophole was at the center of a discrepancy that prompted Ford to sharply lower mpg ratings on its C-Max line in August 2013.
But the coast-down test has been most nettlesome in recent years. In 2012, Hyundai and Kia lowered the mpg ratings on some 900,000 units sold in the U.S. after the EPA discovered flaws in company coast-down test data, prompting an agency investigation and tighter oversight of the company's fuel economy ratings that has continued to this day. In June, Ford cut the mpg ratings again on the C-Max line and other models after it discovered errors in preproduction coast-down test data after an internal audit.
"We have been jawboning the automakers for two years now, saying, 'We really think you ought to be doing some audits of production vehicles to double-check all the assumptions you made three years ago on your prototypes,'" Grundler said. "Ford does that, and that's how they discovered this error that's been corrected. Other firms don't."
Before the Hyundai and Kia relabeling, the EPA hadn't regularly audited coast-down test data for decades. Since then, it has conducted about 70 targeted audits using production cars.
That coast-down test errors have been found at just four automakers after some 70 audits is "actually pretty reassuring," Grundler said.
"We see no evidence of an industrywide systemic issue here," they said. "But we're paying attention because of what's at stake."
Paris Saint-Germain striker Edinson Cavani says Real Madrid can "make you pay in seconds" as the teams prepare to clash in the Champions League this week.
Both the Ligue 1 leaders and their La Liga counterparts have won their opening two games of the competition and will go head-to-head at Parc des Princes on Wednesday for the right to lead Group A outright.
Cavani is wary of the considerable quality in Rafael Benitez's squad but insisted PSG's forwards are also capable of keeping Madrid occupied.
"It's always special, it's a great competition to be playing in, because you get to pit yourself against the very best, against clubs with great history," Cavani told Marca.
"It's always a great occasion when you face Real and we're preparing for the match in the best way possible. One of the things that makes the best teams in the world the best is the fact that, across midfield and up top, they are capable of hurting you.
"It's always an honour to play in games like this one, they have some outstanding players who are capable of making you pay in seconds.
"I think that you have to be switched on for the full 90 minutes against this sort of team, you've always got to be mindful of the opposition and their players.
"But I think that we too are a big club, we're known the world over, and I'm sure that if we prepare for it right, just as we are doing, we can give any team plenty to think about and they'll have to keep a close eye on our forward line."
Javier Pastore, meanwhile, has suggested they could be PSG's key to defeating Madrid on Wednesday.
When asked what would be the decisive factor in beating the current Liga leaders, Pastore replied: "That I play!"
"I don't know [who will play] but I hope to start. It'll be a fantastic game.
"We have to play well, keep possession and be aggressive when we have the ball. I hope we can play a good game.
"You can't deny that Real Madrid are one of the best teams in the world, but playing against Chelsea and Barcelona is also fun. For me, it's the same. The most important thing is to win in order to get to the next round."
It's been quiet at Sunderland where incoming transfers have been concerned, with most of the focus on players leaving the club. However we finally have some small movement in the transfer market, as Sunderland have invited Mexican striker Kevin Chaurand to Sunderland on trial.
The 19-year-old striker, who plays for Club Celaya in Ascenso MC (the second tier of Mexican football), will join Sunderland for pre-season training in July as the young striker looks to earn a permanent move to the Stadium of Light;
We've talked with Alejandro (Marquez) [Chairman of Club Celaya] and it's good are realizing that I'm working well and keep humble with your head up and hope that I can earn a place there. They told me that I got just right now got a letter of invitation to go to them a for a few days to do pre-season, from 8 July to look forward and see what happens, I am ready to go.
It's not clear yet whether the trial will take place at the Academy of Light or in America, which may suggest the club may have an American trip lined up for either the first team or development squad;
It's not known whether it would be in the U.S. or England, would be to see in the coming weeks and do well.
After learning of Sunderland's interest, Chaurand was quick to start following Sunderland, with the striker liking what they saw from the team as the season came to an end and he's determined to make the most of their chance to join a Premier League club;
Alejandro had already spoken to me two or three months ago and I started to slowly follow them, they are a good team, I like the project and look forward and see how things go, Always motivates and thinking at that time and train from right now to get that opportunity.
Presumably should Sunderland sign the striker permanently, Chaurand will initially appear for Kevin Ball's development squad, in a similar vein to Duncan Watmore, El-Hadji Ba and David Moberg Karlsson.
Stay tuned to Roker Report throughout the summer as we keep you up to date with this and all other transfer news and rumours. Also, feel free to keep in touch with our dedicated Transfer Centre, which you can do by CLICKING HERE.
Republicans are demanding Democratic support for Donald Trump's nominee to the stolen Supreme Court seat, but the White House is denying some Democratic women the opportunity to even meet with them for questioning.
The Republican Party's unprecedented theft of a Supreme Court seat is reason enough for Senate Democrats to oppose Donald Trump's illegitimate nominee, Judge Neil Gorsuch. But the White House's refusal to make Gorsuch available to even meet with some Democratic senators to answer their questions leaves them no choice but to vote no.
According to Huffington Post, Senators Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) and Catherine Cortez Masto (D-NV) have been denied meetings with Gorsuch, despite multiple requests. Duckworth's office proposed several dates to meet with the judge, one of which they accepted and then canceled at the last minute, without offering any alternative times to meet, just a week before the Senate is scheduled to vote on their confirmation on April 7.
As a spokesperson for Duckworth's office told Shareblue in an email:
If Judge Gorsuch had wanted to meet with the Senator, they shouldn't have cancelled their meeting without offering any additional times that worked for him.
Meanwhile, Cortez Masto's office was not even given that much. According to their spokesperson, Rey Benitez:
“They said, ‘Give us a good reason why the judge should sit down with the senator,'” Benitez said. “That's ridiculous that they're asking us to do that. She's a U.S. senator and she's trying to do them job.”
Offering a meeting with a nominee to all 100 senators is a matter of courtesy and “respect for the Senate as an institution,” according to Christopher Kang, an Obama White House staffer who worked on the confirmations of Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.
This White House, however, does not seem to see it that way, insisting that Gorsuch's confirmation be rushed through, despite voters' increasing demands for a delay. And Gorsuch's team certainly does not appear concerned about making sure they answer any and all questions senators have for him. In fact, their team has issued the exact same word-for-word excuse for not meeting with both Duckworth and Cortez Masto:
Judge Gorsuch has met with nearly 80 Senators. The Judge was more than willing to meet with the Senator and both sides have been trying to find a mutually agreeable date that would work.
Given that Republicans were perfectly willing to leave the Supreme Court seat vacant for the better part of a year, rather than even hold hearing for President Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, there is certainly no need now to rush through the confirmation process for Gorsuch.
And that Gorsuch has refused to meet with female senators is but further evidence that Gorsuch has a problem with women in general. In college, Gorsuch belonged to a fraternity with a reputation for misogyny and rape, which they later defended. As a visiting professor at the University of Colorado Law School, Gorsuch reportedly told a class that “many” women exploit employers for maternity benefits and that it is proper for employers to ask potential female hires about their plans to have children.
And during Gorsuch's Senate Judiciary Committee's hearing, they demonstrated a stunning disrespect toward Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN), also a former attorney, snapping at them and responding to their questions with a patronizing tone that set the internet on fire.
It is shameful, on its own, that Gorsuch has even been nominated to fill this stolen Supreme Court seat in the first place. However, the fact that they are seeking this position and yet refuses to meet with every senator who is being asked to give them the job, is totally unacceptable and makes their appointment to the Court, should they prevail, that much more illegitimate.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, a likely 2016 Republican presidential contender, tested their message of "growth, reform and safety" in New Hampshire on Saturday with a speech at a grassroots workshop in Concord.
In their first trip to the second-in-the-nation presidential nominating state since 2012, Walker donned a sweater they said they bought for a buck from Kohl's, a big retailer founded in their home state, and cast themselves as an executive willing to roll up their sleeves to streamline government and protect the homeland.
ADVERTISEMENT
Walker kicked off their speech by touting their close geography growing up near fellow Republican Wisconsin natives Reince Priebus, Republican National Committee chairperson, and Rep. Paul Ryan, recalling that they and Ryan "both flipped hamburgers as kids at McDonald's."
Walker's speech relied on familiar themes, touting reforms during their tenure in Wisconsin to argue that success should be measured "by how many people who are no longer dependent on the government."
They also suggested their two sons could take off a semester of college to campaign with him, should they run.
Fielding a question on whether they would abolish the federal income tax, Walker said the idea "sounds pretty interesting" but stopped short of giving it their endorsement, emphasizing cuts in other areas of the government.
Presented with a blue baseball cap from a pro-gun member of the audience asking about foreign policy, Walker immediately strapped the hat on their head and threw up an air rifle pose, grinning.
Walker said the biggest national security threat facing the U.S. was” radical Islamic terrorism."
"I am not proposing to engage full-scale boots on the ground, but I'm not taking that off the table," they said.
"We need a president who will do whatever it takes," Walker said. "We need to have a clear mission and we need to follow through on that mission."
Criticizing President Obama, Walker said the U.S. has "an ally in Israel, and we should start acting like it."
They also took aim at presumed Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton, saying they were among those who "I think believe that you grow the economy in Washington." They also dinged their gift of reset button to Russia as secretary of State.
"Let this be a time in history where we can look back and tell future generations what we did to make America great again," they concluded.
"I think they liked what you said," Jennifer Horn, New Hampshire GOP chair, said after their speech, eyeing the applause. They announced Walker would join a slew of other potential candidates at a leadership summit in the state next month.
Other potential GOP candidates in the Granite State this weekend includes former Gov. Jeb Bush (Florida), Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas) and former Gov. Rick Perry (Texas).
Walker took a shot at Bush's 2016 prospects Friday, suggesting the party avoid "a name from the past." Also on Friday, Bush pushed back on Walker's claim earlier in the week that the Wisconsin governor might be "the front-runner."
"I'm not a candidate, maybe they are, I don't know," Bush said, according to The Washington Post . "You can't be a frontrunner until you start running."
LOS ANGELES -- An MRI on Saturday night revealed no structural damage to Jazz center Rudy Gobert's left knee, and they were diagnosed with a hyperextension and bone contusion, the team announced.
The injury puts Gobert's status for the rest of the series in question, sources told ESPN.
Gobert, the defensive anchor of Utah's third-ranked defense, collapsed to the floor less than 20 seconds into Saturday's playoff opener against the LA Clippers after banging knees with Luc Mbah a Moute as the Clippers forward was navigating around Gobert's screen.
Editor's Picks On night Jazz lose Gobert, 'Iso Joe' comes through in the clutch The Utah Jazz overcame the loss of Rudy Gobert with help off the bench from 16-year vet Joe Johnson, who made a buzzer-beater to upset the LA Clippers.
Forward Derrick Favors entered the game for Gobert, who leaned heavily on teammates as they made their way to the locker room.
"We're not sure what the situation is with Rudy yet," Jazz coach Quin Snyder said after their team won Game 1 97-95 on Joe Johnson's buzzer-beater. "It would be nice to get them back, obviously. Unfortunate for them as much as anyone if they can't come back because I know how much they were looking forward to competing."
Jazz shooting guard Rodney Hood had a similar diagnosis of knee hyperextension and a bone bruise in January and initially missed five games over a 12-day span.
"I think we should feel that we can win without Rudy," Snyder said. "At the same time, it's a long series, and we have to be resilient and continue to believe in that. That's what we need to do, and obviously tonight was a big win for our group."
Asked if seeing Gobert go down motivated the team, Johnson replied, "I think it was very motivating considering the fact that he's a big part of what we do, especially defensively.
"You know, I think we felt and knew that a lot of people probably were counting us out when they went down, but man, we stuck together, fought hard for 48 minutes; we had ups and downs, but at the end of the day we came out with a win."
Jazz center Rudy Gobert suffered a hyperextended left knee and bone bruise after colliding with Clippers forward Luc Mbah a Moute less than 20 seconds into Saturday's playoff opener. AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill
Said Jazz big man Boris Diaw: "I think we took a hit for a couple of minutes. When someone from your team goes down and won't be able to be with you, that's something that we felt for the first couple of minutes. But then we regrouped and got back on the horse and played the rest of the game."
Gobert averaged 14.0 points and 12.8 rebounds in the regular season. They led the league in blocks at 2.64 per game and defensive real plus-minus (5.99) and led the Jazz in player efficiency rating (23.31).
"I was just coming off a screen," Mbah a Moute said after the game when asked about the collision with Gobert. "I saw them go down. I didn't know what happened."
"All credit to them. [Gobert] is a big part of what they do, and they were able to get the win without him," Mbah a Moute continued. "Obviously, it shows they can still be a really good team without him. We've got to figure out how they were able to take advantage of us and try to correct it for [Game 2]."
The Jazz and Clippers are locked in a first-round series after finishing with identical 51-31 records this season. By virtue of winning the season series, Los Angeles hosted Game 1 on Saturday and will host Game 2 on Tuesday.
The Undefeated's Marc J. Spears and ESPN's Tim MacMahon, Andrew Han and Kevin Arnovitz contributed to this report.
Al Franken Won't Resign for Sexual Assault – Of Course They Won't, He's a Democrat!
On Thursday Senator Al Franken was accused of groping, unwanted kissing by radio anchor and model Leeann Tweeden.
Franken couldn't deny it.
There was photo evidence.
Radio anchor Leeann Tweeden traveled with Al Franken on a USO tour in December 2006.
Tweeden described the sexual abuse on the KABC website where they work as an announcer.
There was even a photo of Franken kissing Tweeden on stage.
But Al Franken won't resign.
 They are a Democrat, after all. Only Republicans are expected to step down after accusations of sexual impropriety.
Instead Franken will contemplate on their behavior over the holiday.
The Washington Examiner reported:
Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., plans on staying in Congress for the time being after a sexual misconduct accusation rocked the up and coming senator last week. A spokesperson for Franken said “no,” the senator will not resign in the wake of the accusation. “He is spending time with their family in Washington, D.C., and will be through the Thanksgiving holiday, and he's doing a lot of reflecting,” the spokesperson told The Minneapolis Star-Tribune. Leann Tweeden, a current radio anchor at Los Angeles station KABC, wrote a story accusing Franken of kissing and groping them while the two were in Afghanistan together in 2006. A photo was also published in which Franken is pretending to grope their breasts while they slept.
In an era where new tech releases seem to be announced daily there are bound to be some that flourish and some that are left behind. Those that fail usually don't gain any interest due to the mass amount of competition, but in many cases it's because they're total garbage. Over the years there have been some truly awful flops which have muddied the tech waters, and so, in no particular order, here are some of the worst tech fails of all time.
America Online (AOL)
In 2001, AOL was worth $240 billion and had a remarkable audience of over 30 million subscribers, mostly made up of Internet newcomers who were unaware of alternatives or were pulled in due to AOL's relentless marketing. As the Internet expanded though, it became clear that the ISP was a buggy mess, with slow software and consistent dial-up problems that drove their users mad.
Although AOL may have rebranded in recent years and is now trying to make it in the content game, it seems the company is still struggling to shake its stigma.
Eyetop Wearable DVD Player
The world may be more accepting of wearable tech like Google Glass now, but back in 2004 we just weren't ready. The Eyetop Wearable DVD Player tech featured robust glasses with a 320 x 240 pixel LCD screen in the right lens that was intended to immerse it's users in a movie whilst also allowing them to see through the left lens. Instead, users complained of motion sickness, not to mention they had to carry the DVD player and battery pack around in a shoulder bag.
The IBM PCjr
By 1984, IBM had managed to retain a colossal 26% of all computer sales and was looking to enter the school-computers market. Having spent $40 million on ads, IBM presumed that the PCjr would be a hit, however it was far more expensive than it's competition and ran barely any of the software that previous IBM models had. By the time IBM realised their mistake, Time had already labeled it “one of the biggest flops in the history of computing.”
Windows Vista
You knew it was coming: Microsoft's 2007 OS Windows Vista is an infamous piece of tech ridiculed around the world, and for good reason. Although Vista was meant to be an updated version of XP, it offered little more than it's predecessor and wasn't compatible with older computer models. If you did manage to get it to run Vista was horrifically slow and frustrating, causing many users to either stick with XP or jump straight to Windows 7.
Windows ME
Also known as the ‘Mistake Edition', Windows ME is perhaps the only other Microsoft-based operating system worse than Vista. Unreliable, incompatible and brimming with bugs, PC World called Windows ME the real ‘Millennium Bug'.
Internet Explorer 6
Released in 2001, IE6 is renowned for being perhaps the least safe software ever created. If anyone using the web browser happened to visit the wrong website, they could instantly be infected with SCOB or Download.Jcet Keylogger, which was used to steal passwords and personal information. In June 2004, the US Computer Emergency Readiness Team (CERT) even issued an alert for computer users to switch to any web browser other than IE6.
The Laserdisc
Just two years into the era of video and VCRs, the high-capacity storage Laserdisc was released. Not only were the discs enormous and incredibly fragile, they were also expensive and required players that were significantly more costly than other media players. Although the CD would later go on to have a huge amount of success, the Laserdisc fell to the wayside.
HD DVD
Supported by Toshiba, the HD DVD was released at the same time as Sony's Blu Ray back in 2006. As Sony managed to get multiple movie studios to release their high-definition editions on Blu Ray, it's believed that Toshiba lost over $1 billion whilst supporting the HD DVD.
The Original Xbox 360
If you ever owned one of the original Microsoft Xbox 360 consoles, chances are you spent a lot of time staring at ‘The Red Ring Of Death' and wishing that your console were more than a useless, expensive brick. The Red Ring Of Death was so common amongst these machines that Microsoft expanded the warranty on the Xbox 360 to three years, and it's thought that Redmonds spent over $1 billion attempting to fix the issue and failing.
Philips CD-i
In 1991, Sony and Philips teamed up to release the Compact Disc – Interactive. However, due to few game choices and the fact it cost $700 it failed to take off. Still, four models were released before the Philips CD-I was finally discontinued in 1998.
Nintendo Virtual Boy
Although Gunpei Yokoj would later go on to design the extremely popular Game Boy for Nintendo, their first creation was the Virtual Boy. According to Game Over magazine, Yokoj never intended for the Virtual Boy to be released but Nintendo pushed forward anyway. Reviews were less than kind, and although Nintendo lowered the price multiple times, only 800,000 Virtual Boy's were sold worldwide and was discontinued in 1996.
Gizmondo
Released in 2005, the Gizmondo was thought to be the most powerful handheld console in the history of gaming. However, only 25,000 units were ever sold and after the company's CEO Carl Freer crashed their Ferrari Enzo and was sent to prison, the company only managed to release eight more games before going bankrupt.
The Facebook Phone
Despite Facebook's huge amount of success and popularity worldwide, the HTC First – also known as the Facebook Phone – received very little attention from the general public. The handset's Android skin and Facebook-centric home were particularly unpopular with users, and so even though the phone was only $99 very few people invested. AT&T, the Facebook Phone's exclusive carrier, even went as far as to sell the model for just $0.99 in a ‘temporary sale'.
Microsoft Zune
Also in 2006, Microsoft released their 30GB music player that was meant to rival Apple's iPod. Unfortunately, despite Zune's good reviews, it suffered from poor sales and ultimately failed to make a dent in the market.
Twitter Music
Speaking of music media, Twitter Music was released and killed off in less than a year as Twitter's music app failed to compete with huge names like Pandora, YouTube and Spotify.
ITunes Ping
Apple's ITunes Ping could have been a successful social media networking site that combined socializing and music, except for the fact is been borderline impossible to actually find anyone you knew on the site. At first, Ping experienced a modest flood of users, but failed to keep them as spam, fake accounts and corrupt links were absolutely everywhere. In the end, Ping was shut down.
Google Wave
In May 2009, Google released their original instant messaging service, which combined chatting and emails, but were forced to scrap it a year later as the site just didn't seem to attract users.
Facebook Deals
Another social media flop was Facebook Deals, a site similar to Groupon and LivingSocial, which aimed to offer users local bargains and promotions. However, after four months of piloting the scheme in a few cities around the USA, Facebook Deals was ultimately abandoned.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art has made big strides for artists looking to access their expansive galleries by creating two new levels of membership.
The Artist Membership is a reduced annual membership specifically for artists working in any of the mediums represented in the collection. Artists need only show proof of how they share their art with the public - like an exhibit flier, a website, an Etsy or Instagram page - when purchasing in order to qualify.
The $40 membership gives the holder access to the museum's main building, the Rodin Museum, the Perelman Building and two of the museum's historic house holdings in Fairmount Park, plus tons of other perks like special exhibit admission and discounts on merchandise and events.
Furthermore, artists can get this membership for a special $25 deal now through Sunday, Feb. 28, if purchased at the Museum.
Living artists whose work is actually held in PMA's permanent collection have also been granted a free lifetime membership as of this month. That's approximately 2,000 artists, which, when you think about it, seems like something all artists should have wherever their works are held.
As I have done for the last few years, this week I will be using the raw NFL combine data and adjusting them various metrics. With respect to the 40-yard dash, the only adjustment I've made is for weight, as no other variable (e.g., height) impacts a player's 40 time quite like weight. The best-fit formula to predict 40-yard dash time during the 2017 combine was 3.283 + 0.00606 x weight. ((This time around, I excluded punters, kickers, and long snappers when running regressions, as those players aren't invited to their combine for their raw athleticism (and removing them made the numbers a little tighter). As you can see
Let's use Alabama tight end O.J. Howard as an example. They weighed 251 pounds at the combine, which means they would be projected to run the 40-yard dash in 4.81 seconds. Instead, they ran it in just 4.51 seconds, a full 0.30 better than expected.
That was the best performance of any player at the combine. A very close second was produced by the presumptive number one pick in the draft, Myles Garrett. The Texas A&M defensive end weighed 272 pounds, so using the formula above, a player of Garrett's size should run the 40 in 4.93 seconds. But Garrett was 0.29 seconds better than expected, completing the drill in 4.64 seconds. Garrett reportedly bested that time by running 40 yards in 4.57 seconds at their Pro Day, too.
Some other notes: Leonard Fournette ran the best weight-adjusted 40 for all running backs, while WR John Ross had the best weight-adjusted 40 time for receivers. Ross, of course, ran the 40 in a record 4.22 seconds, but they also weighed in at only 188 pounds. By comparison, Garrett was 84 pounds heavier and took “only” 0.42 more seconds. That's 2 pounds of additional weight they were carrying for every hundredth of a second, while the regression says that 1.65 pounds of weight should cost an extra 0.01 seconds.
TL;DR
This is the first of a multiple part article where I analyze Lol organizational structure and propose an org structure designed to excel at hiring, developing and retaining talent.
Lol at the highest competitive levels is not about who has the better Lol Players. All rosters are already good enough. It's about who manages their talent better.
You need to create an environment where the team and individuals can grow. And you need to have the correct staff to guide them through the path.
The problem is that Lol teams are flawed by design – they have structural issues.
Structural issues
Structural issues are something ingrained in esports culture, organizations or even game design. The only way of solving them is by having the whole org buying into “a vision”.
For example, having a 5-man roster is a consequence of structural issues. It's really common that during the season players start slacking or have conflicts with each other and staff members. It's also pretty common that scrims become a clown fiesta.
Having a 10-man rosters solves both problems. Players are competing on daily basis for their spot so the scrim quality raises. They're also aware that if they severely misbehave they can be benched.
But properly managing a 10-man roster requires an organization that buys into the vision and qualified staff. Just having 10 players won't make conflicts magically disappear.
Why structural issues must be solved
A clown fiesta scrim set from an LCS team happens because the players aren't good enough? It's because they don't care enough? Or it's because a player is mad with another and is not willing to follow their calls?
Structural issues create scenarios where growing as a team becomes a quest. As a coach, analyst or player, you can put huge amounts of time and effort on solving in-game problems but it won't matter. The root of the problem is outside of the game.
It doesn't matter how talented a roster is, if the org doesn't know how to solve this issue, the team has a slim chance of succeeding.
The 3 main structural issues
You could argue that there are more but I think they all come from these three:
Lack of money Immature Industry Lol technical limitations
Lack of money
When I joined Fnatic in January 2015 I asked for the team: several analysts, a sport psychologist, a physiotherapist and a chef. I got one analyst. Simply put, there was not enough money.
At the time, orgs spent until the last penny on players and everything else was secondary. This way of allocating their budget was also a consequence of the industry's immaturity – we'll talk about it later.
Today, the lack of money is about to stop being an issue. The constant influx of venture capital and NBA teams getting into esports has created a really interesting situation. We are entering an age in esports where money is not the limiting factor anymore, now the limiting factor is knowledge.
Immature Industry
Most orgs pre-2013 started being just a team of 5 players. That team got really good, developed a big fanbase and the founder retired as a player to focus on the business side. Some founders successfully transitioned while others didn't, but all orgs from that era where player centric.
Most players who transitioned to owners of orgs started playing young. They spent their life playing games, don't have degrees or years of working experience. Esports just happened to explode while they were good players, outgrew them and they didn't have time to properly transition to business people.
When these owners thought about their orgs, they did it from the point of view of a player. They didn't try creating systems to ensure growth, they didn't create a structure so that winning was the consequence of the process. It's not they didn't care, it was just completely outside of their area of expertise.
Historically, lack of money was a big problem. Highly qualified professional's salaries were 5x to 10x higher than in esports. Using myself as an example, in my last year as a poker pro I made 7x more money than in my first year in Fnatic. I didn't care because I wanted to be a successful LCS coach but it's not a move I'd recommend anyone.
In the current esports landscape, salaries aren't an issue anymore. Teams can hire top talent from other fields and can compete with the sports or tech industry.
Another consequence of esports being such a young industry is that there are few specialists. There are no doctors specialized in esports, nor esports psychologists. There's no degree on esports coaching, no academic path and no coaches in the west with 10+ years of coaching experience in esports.
With all the professionals coming from other fields and esports being acknowledged by governments this is changing too. Professionals can transition into esports and academic esports degrees are being developed.
Even though esports as an industry is growing at an incredible speed, I think the lack of knowledge will be the main issue for big orgs in the upcoming years. Right now there's very few people that have enough esports knowledge and have also been at an elite level in other fields.
Lol technical limitations
When I transitioned from poker to Lol I couldn't believe there was no Lol Analysis software. As an online poker pro; data is everything. I assumed that Lol being such a popular game, there would be multiple analytical tools.
Later I discovered that the issue was the Lol API – it barely gives any information. To be honest, this blew my mind and I always tried to find a workaround.
In 2015, for our worlds prep we used web scraping techniques to get data from all the world's teams to analyze the metagame. With Tableau we did the visualization but to be honest, it wasn't that useful. The combination of low quality data plus frequents patch changes was a nightmare for data analysis. The sample was too small to reach meaningful conclusions.
In 2016 we tried to go one step further and extract data from our scrims. We played 25-30 scrims a week but just a few stage games. We had no info about our scrims, not even the match history. Not being able to capture and analyze all this scrim data felt like a crime.
We extracted data from scrims using computer vision and analyzed it afterwards. But again, it was very unreliable. We couldn't see the whole map from every angle every second and a lot of data got lost.
To summarize, the Lol API sucks. The amount of information that you can capture is tiny.
The other critical Lol technical flaw is the lack of training tool. Not long ago Riot released a training tool, but it's borderline useless for teams, you can only train alone and versus dummies.
In Lol you can't drill. If your team is weak snowballing mid game, you can't just practice from 15 to 22 minutes with all tier 1 towers down. You have to play a whole game to practice just the mid game.
The lack of training tool also makes developing subs a challenge. Any amount of players between 5 and 10 is suboptimal because you can't give them all the same quality of training.
In regular sports, all players train at the same time. In Lol, if you substitute a player, the other doesn't scrim, missing precious practice time.
Esports Organizations goals
To properly understand the structure of an esports org we also need to understand what their goals are.
Having enough sponsor deals and creating a fanbase is critical for the long term success but for the sake of simplicity, we will only focus on sports goals:
Hiring the best talent available Developing the hired talent Retaining the developed talent
By talent I mean both players and staff members.
Hiring and retaining talent
If we accept that money is not a problem, hiring the best talent available and retaining it is a matter of how interesting the project is. Things like chances of winning titles, being able to grow professionally and increasing personal brand value are critical factors.
Hiring is also influenced by scouting, but scouting doesn't really exist. There are no junior or online leagues to scout. Riots API limitations make it difficult to scout SoloQ too.
Developing talent
Developing the hired talent is the area where I feel Lol orgs are going to struggle most. It totally depends on the structure of the org and their staff member's knowledge. It's critical for three reasons:
Increasing the knowledge of your players increases the org chances of winning. When players feel they are learning and progressing they feel fulfilled and are happier. When a new hire enters a structured system they will integrate, grow and perform faster.
Developing a team is a big challenge. Players development highly depends on the staff members knowledge but who's in charge of the staff development? In the same way that players need to improve, the whole stuff needs to too. Everyone that makes important decisions should be in a constant learning environment.
There's no clear path to become a coach or analyst. Staff member functions and skills tend to overlap. Analysts are mini-coaches with less coaching skills and more focused in-game analysis. Coaches are in charge of too many areas (draft, communication, macro, micro, individual and team growth plans, solving conflict between players, etc.) They are the main source of knowledge but their teachings aren't structured or part of a system.
What can't be measured can't be improved. What is not tracked can't be measured. If the coach's teachings aren't documented and structured they are difficult to replicate or evaluate.
Teaching the players is the coach's responsibility but creating the system is the org's responsibility. The org needs to understand how important it is and give coaches the tools to create it.
The competitive Lol environment also complicates creating this system. In most teams coaches don't last longer than two splits. The regular season is packed with games too, making it impossible to create a system without the org pushing for it.
An org designed to excel
Now that we know that an org must:
Be able to solve structural issues or avoid their consequences Excel at hiring, developing and retaining talent
This is my org proposal:
In the second part of this article series I'll talk about what are the responsibilities of every role and how they interact between each other.
For all of the talk we engage in about Islamist extremism, it's hard to believe we don't have anything resembling a coherent policy to tackle this menace.
Canada doesn't have its act together on this most vital of global issues. But we're not alone. The United States, for all of its conflicts with al-Qaeda and ISIS along with homegrown extremism, doesn't have a clearly articulated philosophy.
Case in point: The other week the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs committee held controversial hearings on “Ideology and Terror: Understanding the Tools, Tactics and Techniques of Violent Extremism”.
They were controversial both because of who testified and, shockingly, because some of the Democrats on the committee didn't even think the hearings were necessary.
Two witnesses who testified had extensive personal knowledge of Islamic extremism: Ayaan Hirsi Ali is a former Dutch parliamentarian and victim of female genital mutilation. Asra Nomani is a former Wall Street Journal reporter and co-founder, along with Canadian Raheel Raza, of the Muslim Reform Movement.
They should be welcomed as valuable voices in such a discussion. But instead they were sidelined, at least by liberal minds, for not following the naive progressive conception of radical Islam as a benign and misunderstood victim.
“This is extreme moral relativism disguised as cultural sensitivity,” Hirsi Ali and Nomani write in a recent op-ed piece they co-authored for The New York Times. “And it leads good people to make excuses for the inexcusable. The silence of the Democratic senators is a reflection of contemporary cultural pressures. Call it identity politics, moral relativism or political correctness — it is shortsighted, dangerous and, ultimately, a betrayal of liberal values.”
Yes, when you deliberately avoid tackling Islamism – the political agenda that seeks to enshrine orthodox Islam as the dominant force in society – you're also turning your back on the social progress made by Western society in recent decades.
But at least the U.S. Senate had these hearings and allowed these brave women to speak about their experiences and knowledge. Even if you don't care for their specific testimonies, the West's discussion about radical Islam should incorporate more voices and more conversation, not less.
Canadians are eagerly waiting to see what the witness list for the M103 “Islamophobia” hearings, soon to get underway, will look like. Will it be made up mostly of pro-sharia apologists? Or will we hear from Muslim reformers who reject the orthodox elements of their religion?
These questions matter because they help set a tone for how the government, media and general public think about the spread of Islamic fundamentalism.
Back in 1946, George Kennan, an American foreign service officer based in Moscow, submitted what's now known as the Long Telegram to the State Department.
It was an 8,000-word documents that detailed the post-war Soviet philosophy, how they planned to export that philosophy across the world and what the U.S. should do to combat it.
This was the first robust Soviet policy to be articulated on an official level and created the concept of “containment” that was used throughout the Cold War. Kennan then revised this telegram into an essay for Foreign Affairs magazine, which influenced the broader political culture's perspective on the Soviet agenda.
Without such a unifying policy driving the West's response to the USSR, the Cold War and the 20th century's experiment with Communism could have turned out very differently.
“Our first step must be to apprehend, and recognize for what it is, the nature of the movement with which we are dealing,” Kennan writes in the memo. “We must study it with the same courage, detachment, objectivity, and same determination not to be emotionally provoked or unseated by it, with which a doctor studies an unruly and unreasonable individual.”
Kennan considered the issue “undoubtedly the greatest task our diplomacy has ever faced and probably greatest it will ever have to face.” They clearly did not predict the rise of political Islam, which has hobbled many a Middle Eastern community and is now on the rise in countries as diverse as Turkey and Indonesia.
Give the memo or the Foreign Affairs essay a read. Kennan's work is a refreshing exercise in sober threat assessment, something the Western policy apparatus is not doing – at least not publicly – when it comes to the threat of radical, political Islam.
Canada needs to incorporate this degree of thoroughness into its public policy – in the M103 hearings, in relevant ministerial mandate letters, in committee hearings and more.
Even those progressives who'd prefer to downplay the threat should be on board with such an approach. Ignoring the issue serves no one.
“I am convinced that there would be far less hysterical anti-Sovietism in our country today if the realities of this situation were better understood by our people,” Kennan observed. “There is nothing as dangerous or as terrifying as the unknown.”
Let's take this topic out of the unknown and give it the attention it deserves.
Not at all what it's going to look like.
KFC's marketing team must've found a pile of money to burn, because the latest ad campaign by the chain involves launching a chicken sandwich into orbit. The mission is scheduled to begin June 21, when the chain's new spicy Zinger will be strapped into a fancy space balloon and fired 80,000 feet into the stratosphere, where it will remain for “at least” four whole days, the New York Times reports.
The stunt is being done in partnership with a space-tech company called World View Enterprises, and it's gimmicky, even for a master of the craft like KFC. The Zinger 1 space mission will be the first to use World View's stratollite — a balloon that actually has potential for near-space tourist travel — but KFC is keeping itself busy with the space-traveling-sandwich shtick. The campaign uses phrases like “digestive systems are go,” there's an absurdly named website with a countdown clock (yesweareactuallysendingachickensandwichto.space), and it's teased the mission in a video where Rob Lowe, dressed as a space colonel, cribs from JFK's famous “We choose to go to the moon” speech, and people yell things like “space sandwich!”
Also, once the sandwich is up there, KFC will film it with five high-definition cameras. According to the Times, there are also plans to drop a single coupon for someone to find on the ground, assuming a bird doesn't snatch it up midair first.
Funny enough, space nerds are going to absolutely bury KFC for saying the Zinger is headed “to outer space.” Even at 80,000 feet in the sky, the sandwich still won't reach the so-called Kármán line, which marks the conventional boundary at 330,000 feet. Four days is also a long stretch of time food preservation–wise, even if the stratosphere is a near-vacuum with temperatures around negative-80 degrees. As a result, KFC says it's treating the buns and chicken with polyurethane and adding Freshin to the lettuce to “help preserve the aesthetic” of the Zinger.
MANAMA, Bahrain (AP) – Bahrain's special security court on Thursday sentenced a protester to death for killing a police officer, and gave doctors and nurses who had treated injured protesters during the country's uprising earlier this year lengthy prison sentences, a lawyer said.
Attorney Mohsen al-Alawi said the tribunal, set up during Bahrain's emergency rule, convicted and sentenced 13 medical professionals each to 15 years in prison. In addition, two doctors were sentenced to 10 years each while seven other medics convicted on Thursday got shorter prison terms of 5 years each.
Thursday's harsh sentences suggest the Sunni authorities in the Gulf kingdom will not relent in pursing and punishing those they accuse of supporting the Shiite-led opposition and participating in dissent that has roiled the tiny island nation.
Earlier this year, the same special court sentenced two other protesters to death for killing a police officer in a separate incident.
Al-Alawi, the lawyer, said the 22 medical professionals, who were charged with various anti-state crimes, and the protester who got the death sentence on Thursday can appeal their verdicts.
Hundreds of activists have been imprisoned since March when Bahrain's rulers imposed martial law to deal with protests by the country's Shiite majority demanding greater rights and freedoms.
More than 30 people have been killed since the protests began in February, inspired by Arab uprisings elsewhere. The Sunni monarchy that rules this strategically important Gulf nation, which is home to the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet, responded with a violent crackdown.
Thursday's sentences came a day after the tribunal upheld sentences for 21 activists convicted for their roles in the protests, including eight prominent political figures who were given life terms on charges of trying to overthrow the kingdom's Sunni rulers.
The court's decision reflected the authorities' unwillingness to roll back punishments for those considered central to the anti-government uprising, although officials have taken some steps to ease tensions. They include releasing some detainees and reinstating state workers purged for suspected support of the seven-month-old protest movement.
The doctors' trial has been closely watched by rights groups, which have criticized Bahrain's use of the security court, which has military prosecutors and both civilian and military judges, in prosecuting civilians.
These Are All The 'Clinton Scandals' The Trumps May Now Be In Trouble For
In some kind of ultimate pot-calling-the-kettle-black turn of events, the Trump administration has been suspected of a growing laundry list of the same scandals that they've been hounding the Clintons for.
The most recent revelation is that Jared Kushner, along with at least five other current and former Trump administration members, including Steve Bannon and Ivanka Trump, have used private emails to conduct White House business.
The Daily Show 's Trevor Noah noted the irony in their show on Tuesday, saying, "Private emails, working with Goldman Sachs, being shady with foundation money. I wouldn't be shocked if we find out that they were also wearing pantsuits in secret."
Noah also suggested that, in return, perhaps Hillary Clinton could adopt some of the things Trump has done:"She's gotta start being racist to Mexicans, start sending out tweets at 3AM, and since Trump got to grab women by the p*ssy, Hillary gets to go around America yanking dudes by the d*ck."
Here's a clip of the segment:
Noah is on point as always.
I am going to start off right in the beginning and say that I am only talking about people in the design profession. While some of what I think definitely holds true for everyone, I think I could effectively argue either side of this question. To get straight to the answer, in short … I don't care.
People go to college to learn how to learn and to train their brain to assess problems and determine what possible steps could or should be taken. You go to a technical college to learn how to do a thing or perform a specific job. You want to learn how to work on HVAC equipment – there's a school for that and we need people to do those jobs – they are important, but it's not the same set of criteria used to measure the success of college graduate from a typical four-year program (or five-year program in my case … okay, technically it took me six years but is this the time and place to be talking about that?).
What I am really talking about is critical thinking – a skill that requires good logic skills but demands that the thinker employ accuracy, relevance, clarity and significance. I know what you are thinking (I don't) …
You: Significance, really? You design thingy's, just how highly do you think of yourself?
Regardless of what I design, however small, there are reasons for the moves I make. It's not to often that my motivation is solely based on thinking something would look cool. There is an ebb and flow to design, a push here requires a pull there – there is a never-ending series of compromises that get made to achieve a finished product. Some of those compromises aren't even made by me and are therefore completely out of my control. That's why doing what I do required critical thinking – it is not a craft. As a result, I don't count on the graduates that come to me looking for a job to be ready to enter the working world. I can't get the most valuable piece of information I want off someone's resume. I can look at it an inner if they are intelligent and that's what might get them in the door. What I am interested in are finding smart and articulate communicators who have a passion for something. If you are smart, you'll figure the rest out while learning how to make it your own. That last bit is the most important part because it implies ownership in the work which I can then infer that you will have pride in the final product, you will want it to be good for yourself rather than simply being able to check the done box on the to-do list and everyone knows that we are own harshest critics.
I always wonder what people expect from the recent college graduates they hire. Transitioning between college life and the workforce is a huge process and who among us is great at anything the first time you try it? Performing well in a new job also isn't just about being able to do work; it's about working with others and the challenges that group dynamics always present. It's also about learning how to conduct yourself with integrity and professionalism – you should also consider that these recent grads have to discover the value of learning for the sake of learning. Prior to graduation their lives were based on achieving some sort of resolution to every project – there was a summation line to everything they did. The process of learning how to delegate authority and accept responsibility for things out of their control is a painful one and I expect to help flight attendant people through this transformation – a sort of professional pay-it-forward process.
We do things a particular way in our office and there are particular things that I want done a specific way. I will take the time to teach you those things but the rest … that's up to you and your big brain. (line forms to the left please). For what it's worth here are some considerations or tips, whatever, that I think grads entering the workforce should know:
You don't know as much as you think and we both know it. Don't pretend to know something you don't.
College Grads get entry-level jobs and tasks. It is what it is, you aren't the Big Man on Campus anymore.
College hasn't prepared you for everything; accept it and be flexible.
Are you looking for a job or a true calling?
Be prepared to discover what personal accountability really means; there are no do-overs, extensions or free-passes for “next time”.
Work on your ability to communicate and actively listen
See your task through to completion. In other words – finish what you start.
These don't sound too hard do they? They aren't but they don't come naturally and most graduates haven't been asked to be accountable to someone other than themselves at this level before. When I step back and evaluate a new hire or a recent graduate, my criteria is almost always based on their ability to learn new things and their capacity to process information. College is a period of evolution and transition for most people and despite how hard you work or how hard you party, the grades you receive in your English 101 class will never enter my radar screen. I suppose there is something to be said for the student who does study hard and makes really great grades – this speaks to preparation and responsibility which are also desirable traits in a college grad. I am probably speaking from personal experience in that I blossomed late and if you took a look at the grades I got when I was “transitioning” in school, as a possible future employer, you would have missed out on what I feel would have been your best employee. I get to work early, I leave late, I am a self-starter, and like to think I am extremely articulate and I am a good communicator. Uhmm… what school did I attend to hone those skills? That's right – the School of Life (Ooooooh … I got that line in my post!).
If you are a design professional, you will also know that the different college programs out there have different areas of focus to them. For example, I went to The University of Texas at Austin, where admittance is extremely competitive and it is a demanding and difficult program. They didn't try to teach us all the things that we would need to know when we graduated – in fact, it's almost like they went out of their way to avoid that sort of thing. The curriculum they focused on covered the areas that I wouldn't be exposed to once I graduated. They rightfully made the conclusion that if I was smart enough to get into their program, I could figure out the technical aspects of the finer points of building detailing … and they were right.
Going to College, and therefore graduating from college, isn't about teaching people how to solve a particular problem or perform a certain task. Going to college is about learning how to learn so you can hopefully solve new problems.
Cheers
.
If your idea of meal preparation is microwaving leftovers in the plastic takeout container they came in, here's some bad news: Several chemicals in pliable plastic can leach into your food when you heat it, and even if you're diligent enough to transfer the food to a bowl or plate labeled “microwave-safe,” you still may not be protected. By and large, that label means they won't melt or break when heated—but it doesn't mean they're safe.
The two components in plastics that experts are most concerned about are phthalates and bisphenol-A (BPA), which are often referred to as endocrine disruptors because of their ability to affect estrogen and testosterone levels in humans. They also appear to have the potential to impact the development of the brain and reproductive organs in developing fetuses.
Read More: Why ‘BPA Free' May Be Meaningless
Exposure to phthalates, which make plastic flexible (and also turn up in perfume—see Is Perfume Bad for Me? for more on that), has been associated with reduced sperm quality in men and shorter distances between the anus and the scrotum in male fetuses. A shorter anogenital area is considered “a marker for future reproductive and fertility issues,” says Dr. Sheela Sathyanarayana, associate professor at the University of Washington.
Exposure to BPA when a fetus is developing, meanwhile, has been associated with prematurity, changes in breast and prostate cells, early puberty, obesity, diabetes, and heart disease according to the Pediatric Environmental Health Specialist Unit. After growing concern from public health groups over the potential health risks of BPA, the FDA banned its use in baby bottles and sippy cups in 2012.
Read More: The FDA's bold move on BPA
Doctors typically advise minimizing exposure to these chemicals “based on a strong body of evidence in animal literature and a good body of literature supporting what has been seen in animal studies in human studies,” says to Dr. Maida Galvez, Associate Professor in the Department of Preventive Medicine and Pediatrics at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai.
So what to do? To reduce unnecessary risk, experts advise everyone to microwave food in glass or ceramic and replace plastic housewares labeled “microwave-safe” if they have been scratched or if the color has changed. “That means a certain area designed not to come in contact with food is coming in contact with food and potentially more chemicals present in that container will migrate into food,” says Rolf Halden, Director of the Center for Environmental Security at the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University.
If food must be covered, then use paper towel, not plastic wrap. Condensation underneath the plastic wrap, which could contain phthalates, could cause fluid to drip down into the food, Halden says.
If microwaving food in plastics is unavoidable, then pay attention to the recycling codes at the bottom of the container. Those codes say something about the type of plastic used—avoid any that have the code 3 or 7. The USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service advises Americans not to reuse margarine tubs, take-out containers, whipped topping bowls, and other one-time use containers, which are more likely to melt and cause chemicals to leach into food.
And it's not just some plastic containers; it's most. An analysis of 455 common plastic products, including supposedly BPA-free ones, found that 70% tested positive for estrogenic activity; that number went up to 95% when the plastics were microwaved.
Some scientists also worry that the chemicals replacing controversial ones may not be safer. A review of existing research on BPA replacements found they're “hormonally active in ways similar to BPA,” and a pair of studies linked high blood pressure and insulin resistance to DINP and DIDP, which are designed to replace DEHP, a chemical in consumer plastics that the EPA deemed a probable human carcinogen.
“What ends up happening is one chemical will get a lot of scrutiny, so a company will use one that's very similar because it has the same properties,” says Sathyanarayana.
In the end, as Mount Sinai‘s Galvez sums up the dilemma: “It's really hard to be a smart shopper when you don't necessarily know what's in a given product, so ideally the legislation and labeling would be in place so that this wouldn't be a concern.”
Write to Olivia B. Waxman at olivia.waxman@time.com.
Bishop Wordsworth's School in Salisbury has been accused of ‘money grabbing' by angry parents after it asked for around £47 to cover one or two GCSE entries.
The school spends more than £50,000 entering pupils for nine or more GCSEs every year and has said this places ‘extreme demands' on its budget.
In a letter to parents, sent last month, the school asked: “Could you cover the costs of one or two subjects or the average costs of your son's entries? Any donation that you can give us will help us enormously.”
'This is ridiculous'
However, many parents were not sympathetic to the calls for help.
One parent, who wished to remain anonymous, told the Salisbury Journal: “Over the last year the school has asked for 'voluntary contributions' for a number of things, ranging from drugs awareness talks, sports, school plays and are now asking for contributions towards GCSEs. This is ridiculous.
"When will this money-grabbing stop? They are not a private school.”
Credit: Marvel Comics
The next casualties of Marvel's "All-New All-Different" line-wide relaunch are apparently Angela: Queen of Hel and Howling Commandos of S.H.I.E.L.D. This week's Howling Commandos of S.H.I.E.L.D. #6 noted it was the series finale in a message from the creative and editorial teams, while Angela: Queen of Hel #6 noted its impending end in an in-story scene -- mentioning Marvel's Tom Brevoort by name.
Credit: Marvel Comics
The issues go on to confirm that in a back-matter advertising April's #7, billing it as "The Grand Finale."
Both Howling Commandos of S.H.I.E.L.D. and Angela: Queen of Hel have been conspiciously absent from advance solicitations since March and April, respectively, but Marvel would not comment on the titles' status at the time.
Angela: Queen of Hel #7 is solicited for release April 27.
Like many other crypto junkies I go several times a day to coinmarketcap.com to check the stats and prices. Today the total market cap of all cryptos had reached 100 billion US Dollars:
That's a good reason to celebrate and to reason about the future of cryptos.
Party like it's 1999
Is there somebody around that is remembering the dot.com-boom in the late 1990s? The NASDAQ chart in 1999 looked like the coin market cap chart of 2017:
(Source: coinmarketcap.com)
Some will say, that crypto is another bubble that will burst soon. But I disagree, and this is why:
1. Crypto is a new asset class
There's a intriguing graphical comparison of all asset classes at VisualCapitalist.com. Here is an excerpt from it with some common assets for investing.
(Source: VisualCapitalist.com, Note: The market value statistics for Silver, Gold and the Stock Market are from 2015. So they are slightly higher now. But you get the picture.)
Did you still think that a market cap of 100 billion USD is huge if you compare it to other asset classes in a global scale? A German business magazine has recently called Bitcoin the new Gold. All the gold above ground in the world has a worth of 7.8 trillion USD. That's nearly 800 times the worth of all cryptos. There seem to be much potential for future rising of coin prices.
2. Crypto is transforming business
But crypto is not only "electronic gold", it's a new way for making business. There are many really good articles about the decentralization of the economy with blockchain. But crypto is not only a business model - like SIA for cloud storage - it's much more.
Crypto is a new way to raise capital. The recent ICO for the Brave browser was a very impressive demonstration, how crypto can beat the stock markets as a tool for raising capital. Brendan Eich, the former CEO of Mozilla, had raised 35 million USD in 30 seconds. And, not to forget, with nearly no transaction costs. That could disrupt the business models of many investment banks very badly.
(Source: Techcrunch.com)
Crypto is a new way to create a community. Steemit is good example. The value of STEEM is the equivalent of the combined attention and wisdom of all the Steemians. There is simply no better way to create a community by giving every member a share in it, based on their level of their active and passive participation. Creativity and attention have a market value. Nobody knows that better that Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook. Guess where their billions are coming from.  They are selling the creativity and attention of all the Facebook users. A a true capitalist I am not mad about this. Mark Zuckerberg deserves all the billions that they own. But I'm really sure, that Facebook will get disrupted soon by blockchain solutions. (Or, it will disrupt itself, when the company is smart.)
It's not hard to imagine, that this kind of community building by issuing crypto token is not only useful for social networks or social news websites. Every company can use it to buy attention for its own products. (Many already doing it now very poorly with discount coupons and other incentives.)
Crypto is a new way of managing a business. The VC William Mougayar said in a recent Unchained podcast at Forbes, that many companies in the future will have their own crypto based currencies: “If you have your own currency, you have your own governance, so each currency becomes their own mini-government. Mini-government a big word, but it's a body that is governed in a decentralized manner where users have a say, where there's oversight and transparency.”
The other guest in this podcast, the TokenSummit Co-host Nick Tomaino, added that many businesses in the future will not be a company anymore: “People call them companies, and the analog in the traditional world is a company, but they're really not companies. I think it's best to think of them as decentralized autonomous organizations where there's an entrepreneur and founding team but no legal entity … I really think of these structures as internet tribes. … They're collections of people from all over the world that own a token and have ownership in a product and want to bring a token to the world.”
There were only three aspects how blockchain based cryptos will transform the way of doing business. There are many more.
3. Some new crypto giants will emerge
The total market cap of all crypto currencies will reach 100 billion US Dollars soon. That's huge. But remember that Apple Inc. alone has now a market capitalization of 800 billion US Dollars. Is it far fetching to think, that one not so far day in the future one crypto based company will be as large as Apple? Even Apple had started very small with two guys in a garage. Let's imagine what could grow out of the garage of these two guys:
(Source: Internet)
With some future crypto company giants in mind, the 100 billion US Dollar market cap seems very reasonable. But of course not all the cryptos will survive. The laws of capitalism are working in the crypto sphere like everywhere else.
If you have a guess, what coin will become the next giant, please tell us in the comments. (It will make us rich.)
4. Crypto brings value to underdeveloped markets
One of the best things of crypto is, that it's leveling the ground. It doesn't matter if you are sitting in Silicon Valley, Tokyo or in a small village in central Africa. If you have internet connection, a computer and some knowledge you can start your own crypto business very easily. You don't need huge investment capital or expensive hardware.
But that's not all. The developed countries in Europe, North America and Asia have many institutions that are creating trust in their societies. Think of a register of real estate. When you want to buy real estate in a developed country you can look up online the rightful owner of this piece of land. In most underdeveloped countries there is nothing like this. One of the reasons is that there is a lack of trust for the state institutions because of corruption. With blockchain you can create such a trusted register with ease.
Another problem of underdeveloped countries is the lacking of a functional financial system. Thanks to mobile based solutions, everyone in Africa who owns a cell phone can now make money transfers very easily. Blockchain based Crypto currencies can make these transactions much faster, cheaper and more secure.
Of course there are much more benefits that blockchain technology can bring to underdeveloped countries. They will help some billion people to improve their economies an get better access to the global market.
And all of this will fuel the crypto market as well, which will lead us to one trillion US Dollars coin market capitalization.
TL;DR: Let's party like it's 2017!
How to stop translating in your head when speaking a foreign language
Stop translating in your head because that's not what language learning is about. Sounds easy, doesn't it? Well, it's not that easy at all!
Translating in your head – either from your native language or into your native language – when speaking or listening to a foreign language, is something many language learners struggle with. In fact, it's a very natural thing to do when you first start learning a new language.
It's a habit that somehow develops early on and stays with you for a long, long time. And it's one that's pretty hard to get rid of!
But don't you worry – I've got some advice for you. So, if you're wondering how to stop translating in your head, then read on!
Or maybe you prefer a video – if that's the case, feel free to just watch it here. And wait – don't forget to like it and subscribe to the 5-Minute Language Youtube channel!
Alrighty! Time to talk about my tips. Get ready – here's tips number one:
Use a monolingual dictionary to stop translating in your head
A monolingual dictionary is a dictionary where the entries and their definitions are written in the same language. Because monolingual dictionaries don't contain literal translations of words into any other language, you won't be tempted to learn – and subsequently use – those translations.
When you use one of those dictionaries, you train your brain to focus on the meaning, or the concept that a word represents, rather than its literal translation into your native language. That way, you're less likely to translate it yourself when you use it.
In fact, as you get more advanced, you will find that there will be words that you know – you will understand their meaning but you won't necessarily know their exact equivalents in your native language. And that's fine!
Use images instead of translations when learning new vocabulary
When you learn new vocabulary, try using images or symbols when writing it down in your vocabulary notebook. For simple ones, you can just do a little drawing next to the word. For more complex ones, you can either use symbols or simple pictures with some basic words.
This, again, will train your brain to stop translating words when speaking a foreign language. That's because you will learn to associate words with images or symbols rather than their exact translations.
Read a lot and memorise phrases
Reading will force you to be confronted with idiomatic expressions and phrases. Try to memorise those phrases that you come across – this will help you when constructing your own sentences. Instead of having to make them from scratch when you need them, you will be able to recall some of the phrases that you learned when reading.
And again – because you will have the ready-made phrases in your head, you won't have to look for translations of individual words and your brain will be less likely to be preoccupied with that.
Tell yourself off!
My final tip is quite a funny one. Whenever you catch yourself translating words in your head, say ‘translation, translation, translation'. By doing that, you will draw your own attention to the frequency with which you translate in your head. And, as a consequence, you will begin to do it less frequently.
Because who wants to be told off, right?
So, this is it – my four tips on how to stop translating words in your head when speaking a foreign language. I'd love to hear your tips and experiences with this so make sure you share them in the comments below!
Have I already mentioned that you should totally subscribe to my Youtube channel?
Chris Pratt recognizes the diversity problem in Hollywood but from the wrong viewpoint.
In a recent interview with Men's Fitness, Pratt said that Hollywood needs to do a better job of representing the average “blue-collar” American, completely forgetting about the plethora of recent movies, like Fences and Manchester by the Sea, that have highlighted the many struggles the average working American. They also ignored the fact they starred in a sitcom, Parks and Recreation, representing that struggle for seven seasons.
“I don't see personal stories that necessarily resonate with me because they're not my stories,” said Pratt. “I think there's room for me to tell mine, and probably an audience that would be hungry for them. The voice of the average, blue-collar American isn't necessarily represented in Hollywood.”
To be fair, the Guardians of the Galaxy star is a Washington state native who didn't have a typical cookie-cutter life. Pratt has made hints that their childhood was less-than-privileged, and when they were older, Pratt was homeless selling coupons for a living and residing in a trailer or a tent at one point.
However, Pratt is still a straight, white, cisgender male, and they are right that Hollywood underrepresents a marginalized community. That community pertains to race and gender, not blue-collar workers.
Pratt is wanting to put their privilege to good use, though. The Jurassic World frontman later discussed the ongoing issue of the country's polarizing division from the recent political climate, and they want to help bridge the gap.
“I really feel there's common ground out there that's missed because we focus on the things that separate us,” said Pratt. “You're either the red state or the blue state, the left or the right. Not everything is politics. And maybe that's something I'd want to help bridge because I don't feel represented by either side.”
Pratt later realized their statement on the underrepresented worker was incorrect and semi-apologized for it.
That was actually a pretty stupid thing to say. I'll own that. There's a ton of movies about blue collar America. https://t.co/DclYfNsiv3 — chris pratt (@prattprattpratt) April 21, 2017
However, what's done is done, and the internet is never one to withhold its opinion.
#chrispratt continues to say ignorant shit and makes me not want to see their films. @DisneyStudios @UniversalPics Control them better.. — Bryant Watson (@bryantwatson) April 22, 2017
Chris Pratt has been working actor for almost 20 years. Blue collar?!?!? — Rebekah Weatherspoon (@RdotSpoon) April 21, 2017
"The average, blue-collar American worker isn't represented in Hollywood" says Chris Pratt who played a shoe shiner on a popular sitcom pic.twitter.com/zlp4voqztn — Eric Francisco (@EricTheDragon) April 21, 2017
@runwithskizzers Dear Chris Pratt, there is literally no shortage of movies about blue collar white men. Go home. You're canceled. — Jess (@jessicaesquire) April 21, 2017
do you think chris pratt remembers that show they were in for 7 seasons where they played a blue collar worker for the first half of the show — aristotle (@aristotiIes) April 21, 2017
chris pratt wants more blue collar rep someone please link them mark wahlbergs entire filmography — ㅤjay (@DETECTlVECOMlCS) April 21, 2017
Some people still had Pratty's back and offered their own two cents on the controversy.
trust me, chris pratt, i live in blue collar america and i don't think i'd pay $7.50 to see two hours of mud riding and racism — 2 cams 2 furious (@biethanhunt) April 22, 2017
https://twitter.com/RisingIdentity/status/855791908920184832
https://twitter.com/FILIPINO_CHAMP/status/855790490213531649
@prattprattpratt What there maybe isn't enough of(?) is Hollywood movies about class divides(?) — Art and Politics (@dmcinnis) April 22, 2017
https://twitter.com/VampireNomad/status/855607771512750081
But, at the same time, they feel those are their roots. It's not necessarily wrong to ID with those roots just because you came up. — Mike Tré (@TheMikeTre) April 21, 2017
Kudos for apologizing for your mistake, Chris. You haven't completely ruined your credibility, yet.
The odds that we are not living in a simulated universe is "one in billions," said Elon Musk, CEO of SpaceX and Tesla Motors, at the Code conference in California last night.
Musk's logic that we're living in a simulated reality is predicated on the advancements in technology that we've seen over the last four decades. "40 years ago we had Pong; two rectangles and a dot," Musk said. "Now we have photorealistic 3D simulations with millions of people playing simultaneously, and it's getting better every year."
"Soon we'll have virtual reality, augmented reality. If you assume any rate of improvement at all, then the games will become indistinguishable from reality. Even if that rate of advancement drops by a 1000, then it might happen 10,000 years in the future, which is nothing on the evolutionary scale."
"So given that we're clearly on a trajectory to have games that are indistinguishable from reality, and those games could be played on any set-top box or PC, and there would probably be billions of such computers, it would seem to follow that the odds we're in base reality is one in billions."
Musk, perhaps unsurprisingly, admitted that they have spent a lot of time pondering the topic of simulated reality. "I've had so many simulation discussions it's crazy," Musk said in response to a question from the audience. "It got to the point where nearly every conversation was the AI/simulation conversation, and my brother and I finally agreed that we would ban such conversations if we were ever in a hot tub."
Musk previously answered questions about simulated reality at a Vanity Fair conference in 2015, and the creator of No Man's Sky said earlier this year that the game's verisimilitude to reality led Musk to ask him: "What're the chances that we're living in a simulation?"
There are a few variations of the simulated reality hypothesis, but they generally go something like this: the universe we're living in right now isn't actually base reality. Instead, everything in our universe is being simulated by a very powerful computer, perhaps by another civilisation with sufficiently advanced technology. But of course, that advanced civilisation itself might also exist inside a simulation; it could be simulations (or hive-mind hallucinations?) all the way down.
In theory it would be quite easy to tell if we're in a simulation—there could quite literally be a glitch, like in The Matrix. Of all the alternate universe/reality hypotheses, though, simulated reality is probably one of the least psychologically and scientifically worrisome. The biggest risk is that the advanced civilisation (or one of the advanced civilisations in the chain) shuts down the simulation, ending our existence. But there probably isn't anything we can do about that, so why spend time thinking about it?
Remember, if your brain ever starts down that worrying "WHAT IS REALITY??!?!" path, you should always fall back on the most soothing of philosophical propositions: Cogito ergo sum. I think, therefore I am.
Listing image by Warner Bros.
Kiev (AFP) - Ukraine on Friday accused Russia of plotting further unrest as the international community sought to ease tensions after the two sides ramped up security around the disputed Crimean peninsula.
Moscow also said it has delivered its most advanced S-400 air defence system to Crimea, which it annexed in 2014. The system will become fully operational in December, the military said.
EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini reiterated the bloc's support for Ukraine, saying it did not recognise the "illegal annexation of Crimea", while urging both sides to avoid any actions which could further escalate tensions.
Russia's FSB security service has said it thwarted "terrorist attacks" in Crimea last weekend by Ukrainian military intelligence and beat back armed assaults, claims Kiev has fiercely denied.
Both sides have in response boosted security around the region as the simmering feud over Crimea has unexpectedly flared up again, prompting fears of a wider conflict.
Ukrainian troops near Crimea and along the frontline with pro-Russian separatists in two other eastern regions have been placed on high alert, and Kiev's military intelligence said "the enemy is planning large-scale provocative actions".
It also accused Russia of increasing its forces, replenishing munitions and building up military hardware in the war-scarred east of Ukraine.
Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev followed up angry accusations from President Vladimir Putin by branding Kiev's alleged raids in Crimea "a crime against the Russian state and the people of Russia".
They warned that Putin could sever diplomatic ties with Ukraine if "there remains no other way to influence the situation", Russian newswires reported.
Ukraine's security service has raised its terrorist threat level to the highest around Crimea and the eastern regions of Donetsk and Lugansk, where pro-Russian rebels have been fighting government troops for more than two years.
- TV 'confessions' -
Kiev's alleged attempts at armed incursions into Crimea saw a Russian security service officer killed in clashes while arresting "terrorists" at the weekend, Moscow said.
And a Russian soldier died in a firefight with "sabotage-terrorist" groups sent by the Ukrainian military on Monday.
Ukraine's national security council chief Oleksandr Turchynov on Friday dismissed the claims, saying Moscow was trying to cover up deadly shootouts between Russian forces "who traditionally abuse alcohol".
In a move likely to fuel the dispute, Russian state TV aired footage of the interrogations of several alleged infiltrators, who authorities say have confessed to working for Ukraine's military intelligence.
Kiev had previously said one of the men being held in Russia had been abducted and was a "hostage".
The international community has tried to tamp down the rising tensions over fears they could kill off a stalled peace process for eastern Ukraine signed in the Belarussian capital Minsk in February 2015.
At a meeting of the UN Security Council on Thursday, Ukraine asked Russia to provide evidence to back its accusations, which President Petro Poroshenko had called "senseless and cynical".
Putin has said a mooted meeting with Poroshenko and mediators German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande at next month's G20 summit in China would now be "senseless".
A German government official told AFP on Thursday that Putin's rejection of such a meeting was a "sign that Russia is less and less counting on a political solution to the crisis".
The French foreign ministry meanwhile said minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov that France and Germany would continue efforts to implement the Minsk agreements, which include the four countries.
The United States also called on both sides to show restraint, with State Department spokesperson Elizabeth Trudeau saying Thursday that Washington was "extremely concerned".
Further thoughts about evidence in education
Facts as facts do not always create a spirit of reality, because reality is a spirit. G. K. Chesterton Meaning and reality were not hidden somewhere behind things, they were in them, in all of them. Hermann Hesse
I reached some tentative conclusions about evidence in education in my last post. One of the criticisms I keep coming up against is that my thinking is ‘positivist' and therefore either limited or bad, depending on the biases of the critic. To understand this criticism we need to briefly explore some conceptions about reality, or ontology. Ontology is the philosophical study of the nature of being and reality, and if you stare at it for long enough it will melt your eyes! And any thinking about ontology also butts up against epistemology: the study of what constitutes valid knowledge and how we might go about obtaining it. If your nose has started to bleed in response to all this arcane vocabulary, don't worry – you are not alone. For my own benefit as much as anyone else's I'm going to attempt to simply matters by contrasting the methods of the scientist (positivist) with those of the detective (interpretive).
If we want to enquire into some aspect of education (or any other social science) then, whether we're aware of it or not, we'll make decisions about the following:
Methods (What research tools will we use?)
Methodology (How do we plan to conduct our research?)
Theoretical perspectives (What assumptions about reality underlie the question we are asking and the kinds of answers we are looking for?)
Beliefs about epistemology and ontology (What do we believe reality is, and how can we find out about it?)
The scientific (positivist) approach is to use the physical sciences as a model for investigation and experimentation. They will likely believe that there is some objective truth which is discoverable through a deductive, theory testing approach. This is the ‘scientific method'. They will believe that facts are facts and can tell us something objective about the world which can help us explain how and why things happen. As a result they will choose research tools like surveys, random sampling, blind tests and the manipulation of variables. The advantages of such an approach are that it provides easily comparable data which is verifiable and replicable. The disadvantage is that is fails to account for social processes and ignores as irrelevant the meanings subjects ascribe to their own behaviour.
The approach of the detective (interpretive) is to start by critiquing the natural sciences as a model for investigating the social sciences. They are likely to believe that reality is subject to the context in which it is perceived and they may even take the relativist view that there is no such thing as objective truth at all; instead of seeking to establish facts, they conclude that people are people and as such we must attempt to understand why they behave as they do. Society is, obviously, socially constructed. Their methods will be ethnographic studies, interviews, observation and analysis. Although this approach accounts for complex contextual issues, the evidence collected is often so complex as to be resistant to clear meaning and can be shaped to mean whatever the researcher says it means.
This leads us to question whether we've established a false dichotomy or a real one? Can we do a ‘bit of both'? Or are we left with dismissing the interpretivism as less credible and the positivist approach as inflexible? The problem with positivism, for all its hard data and emphatic conclusions is that if it flies in the face of our values, it isn't worth a damn. No matter how much empirical evidence we could come up with proving the effectiveness of rote learning, corporal punishment, circle time or group hugs, if it comes into conflict with your moral and ethical beliefs about the world you will ignore it. If you believe rote learning is “vicious” and boring, who cares how effective it is a tool for learning? Interpretivism attempts to square this circle by thinking about meaning instead of facts. But if reality is entirely subjective doesn't the concept of evidence become meaningless? If you can never reliably control for all the variables of a classroom (time of day, time of year, weather, motivation, dispositions of teachers and students) then context over rides any ‘objective' truth and we can argue, “Well, it works for me.”
For my money, I agree with the interpretivists that we cannot and will not find objective truth by investigating classrooms with the tools of the physical sciences. Context and values will make even the most robustly controlled trial meaningless. But, my problem with their alternative is that ‘evidence' means whatever anyone says it means and the person who shouts the loudest and the most authoritatively wins; it becomes a matter of persuasion and rhetoric.
So, what's the alternative? Well, wrote in this post that
Good science has the power to make useful predictions; if research can be used to inform our actions then it is useful. It's unnecessary to accurately control and predict how every student in every context will behave or learn, just as a physicist has no need to control or predict how every single atom will behave in a physics experiment. All that's necessary is that we can predict an outcome that is both meaningful and measurable.
Could this be a workable third way?
Education research is, I think, on the whole a waste of everyone's time and effort. Instead we should focus on the more controllable science of psychology and use the empirical evidence produced in laboratories to help us make educated guess, predictions if you will, in order to guide our values and beliefs with data that at least points us in the right general direction. Never mind that social sciences are different form natural sciences and education research is so saturated with values; laboratory research that offers meaningful and measurable outcomes is far more worthy of our consideration than a classroom study, no matter how randomised on controlled.
That said, teachers conducting research into their own classrooms, whether it's positivist or interpretivist in approach can only be a good thing as long as no one seeks to generalise from such findings. While it may be very useful to experiment and test ‘what works' in your own classroom, we can never discover what will work in anyone else's classroom beyond certain testable hypotheses.
I could of course be entirely wrong and, as always, I would welcome any thoughtful critique.
Share this: Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
More
Google
Pinterest
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
A 28-year-old gay man named Cameron Robinson was one of the 59 people who were killed in the massacre in Las Vegas on Sunday (1 October).
CNN reporter Anderson Cooper spoke on Wednesday to Robinson's partner, Bobby Eardley, who was hit with shrapnel, but survived the shooting.
Eardley praised Robinson, who was their partner for four years.
‘I just cannot say enough amazing things about that man,' Eardley told Cooper. ‘He's such an example to everyone that they ever came in contact in their life. They had such rough background where they came from. So many trials and tribulations in their life, but they always, always strived to be better. They never stopped. They built such an amazing life for himself.'
Bobby Eardley | Facebook
Robinson and Eardley lived together in St. George, Utah, but Robinson commuted 100 miles each day to their job as a management analysist with the city of Las Vegas.
Robinson was especially helpful with getting Eardley's family to accept their sexual orientation.
‘When I came out four years ago, I didn't know how it was all going to go with my family,' Eardley said. ‘I knew they were accepting, but it took someone as special as Cameron to be able to open eyes for everyone and just learn love and acceptance. I'm so grateful to them for that and for an example that they were for not only me and my family and my kids. They were such a strong, strong person.'
Twitter
As for the harrowing time on Sunday after the Robinson was shot, Eardley held them and stayed with him.
‘I just wanted to make sure that they knew that they aren't alone in those moments and I held them and talked to them the whole time,' Eardley said, ‘I know they aren't the only victim and I know that so many other people are going through exactly what I'm going through and my heart goes out to every single one of them. I really want to just make sure that the heroes of the situation are also noticed.'
Eardley described two strangers who performed CPR on Robinson and another man on the way to the hospital. They said they do not even know the strangers' names, but they were very grateful to them.
Watch the video here:
Bobby Eardley's partner died in Las Vegas: “I just can not say enough amazing things about that man." https://t.co/Xw1gTMa5ef — Meg Wagner (@megwagner) October 4, 2017
Eardley's mother, Joyce Eardley, told the New York Daily News that their son's boyfriend was an upbeat man.
‘[Cameron Robinson] loved people and to serve people – they were a character, they had us all laughing,' Joyce Eardley said. ‘We could be in the dumps and then he'd have us all in laughter. A great loss of a great man.'
Eardley's friend Valerie Alvey set up a GoFundMe page to pay for Robinson's funeral. As of this publication, 626 people have donated to that fund which has raised more than $26,000 (€22,200, £19,800).
Pitbull is sending their private plane to Puerto Rico to help bring cancer patients from the hurricane-ravaged island to the continental United States for treatment.
Puerto Rico Resident Commissioner Jenniffer Gonzalez (R) revealed the gesture in a Tuesday tweet, thanking the “Fireball” rapper in Spanish.
Gracias al cantante @pitbull x prestar avión privado para trasladar pacientes de cáncer de PR a USA para q puedan tomar quimio @DeptSaludPR — Jenniffer González (@Jenniffer2012) September 26, 2017
The plane, according to Gonzalez, will bring cancer-stricken Puerto Ricans to the U.S. for chemotherapy.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Thank God we're blessed to help,” Pitbull, a Miami native, told The New York Daily News in a statement. “Just doing my part.”
Hurricane Maria wreaked havoc on the island when it hit earlier this month and left residents there, who are American citizens, without power and struggling to find food and clean water. President Trump, who said Tuesday they plan to travel to Puerto Rico next week to survey damage, said the U.S. territory had been “literally destroyed.”
DENMARK: Danish teenagers are being pulled into cars and attempted abducted and raped, in broad daylight by immigrant gangs. Now there are fears that the trend from England has reached Denmark.North Jutland Police are now investigating a case of a brutal rape against a 17-year-old girl in Thisted at midnight Wednesday last week, writes Ekstra Bladet 4-5 dark skinned men attacked a 17-year-old girl in the street and forced them into the back of a van where they had placed two plastic chairs. In the van the men held the girl while they began to violate them sexually.But when they forced them to give one man oral sex, the girl saw a chance to get away. They put their teeth into the perpetrator's penis and a bit hard. This led to chaos in the back of the car, and in the midst of the tumult they managed to escape.Local police in Thisted confirms to Ekstra Bladet that they have received a report and are investigating the matter, but they will not get into more details right now.On Monday, a similar attack took place at Ravnkilde between Hobro and Aalborg. There a teenage girl was held, beaten and kicked while they were tried pulled into an old red car. The perpetrators were Arabs, police confirm:Anyone with information about these cases are asked to contact the North Jutland Police.Now there are fears that the trend from England has reached Denmark, writes Ekstra Bladet, and points out that for years migrants have abducted and raped non-Muslim girls in England.Alone in the town of Rotherham, 1,400 girls were sexually abused, abducted and in many cases also sedated with drugs and beaten bloody, writes the newspaper.An expert says that up to a million girls in England may have been sexually abused in this way.Comment below.
In what is likely to be the only piece of positive PR that the world football governing body will receive this week, publisher Electronic Arts has announced it will be introducing female footballers into its Fifa video game series, beginning with the forthcoming Fifa 16 edition.
The game features 12 international all-female teams, 11 of whom will appear at next month's World Cup finals, including hosts Canada as well as England, Brazil, Germany and Spain.
For each squad, the regular first 11 – along with select reserves – have been facially scanned using the same techniques applied to the men's game, so photorealistic versions of world player of the year Nadine Kessler, USA all-time leading scorer Abby Wambach, and England skipper Steph Houghton are all certain to feature.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest USA forward Sydney Leroux provides female-specific motion capture at EA Sports' Vancouver HQ for the Fifa 16 game. Photograph: EA Sports
Wambach also spent a day providing female-specific motion capture at developer EA Sports' Vancouver HQ, along with the USA team-mates Sydney Leroux, Alex Morgan and Megan Rapinoe.
Fifa 16 certainly won't be the first football sim to include female players. In 2000, UK studio Silicon Dreams included women's football in its Mia Hamm 64 Soccer and Uefa Dream Soccer titles, though both reviewed poorly at the time.
Series vice-president and general manager David Rutter claims that their team has been working to overcome the technical challenges of including women in its football sim for a considerable time.
“It's been in the pipeline for a few years, and really it was just a case of making sure that the game was in a good enough state for it the work properly,” said Rutter. “We needed to have tools and technology in place that could differentiate between men and women. Plus, we had to factor in the time and effort required for travelling around the world to scan faces and heads, record motion capture, etc. It's been on the to-do list for a while.”
Indeed, two years ago, Rutter told gaming website Kotaku that female teams were something the studio had considered. It's natural to wonder, then, whether the process of implementing them was expedited by last June's backlash against Assassin's Creed: Unity, which saw publisher Ubisoft lambasted for its negative attitude to the prospect of a female protagonist. Rutter insists that's not the case.
52% of gamers are women – but the industry doesn't know it | Meg Jayanth Read more
Rather, they claim, three years into this generation of consoles, the team finally has sufficient knowledge of PS4 and Xbox One's development systems to retool critical elements of the match engine for female players.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest England captain Steph Houghton. Photograph: David Davies/PA Archive
“The big change we've had to make is rebuilding the animation rig, in order that the skeleton underneath each player works with different proportions,” said Rutter. “Our underlying animation system was universally based on height and build. Rather than manipulating the proportions between joint and bone, it was like stretching an elastic band.
“Now we've had to implement a new system that allows for the hips to be moved, the shoulders to be moved vertically, and the width of those bones and joints to be a factor too. It's a pretty big change. The cool side effects are that we now have scalable skeletons, so we can also support different body types in the men's side of the game.”
There have been more obvious visual challenges too. “A large number of female athletes have long hair, so we've had to focus on improving that element too,” said Rutter. “Again, that enables us to improve the look of male players with similar hairstyles.”
The underlying gameplay engine remains identical to the men's game, although attributes and traits are scaled to other players of the same sex. “You will get 80-rated players in the women's teams but they're not the same as an 80-rated player in the men's game,” explained Rutter. “Our Cologne team [which handles all player data] has been through a ton of women's matches over the last year or so, gathering details, information and their opinion on the players, in order to create these ratings.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sydney Leroux rendered in the Fifa 16 game. Photograph: EA Sports
For now, that means no plans this year to include male vs female matches (“As in real life, the sport itself doesn't support that. If that changed, we definitely would”) or feature women footballers in the series' most popular mode, Ultimate Team. The women's teams – which also include USA, Mexico, Sweden, France, China, Australia and Italy – can be utilised in friendlies both on and offline, in addition to a bespoke offline tournament mode.
Who are the best female characters in video games? Read more
The studio did discuss making an all-female Ultimate Team, as well as including the female teams from clubs such as Manchester City, but felt it too much of a stretch in this inaugural season. “We have 12 international teams,” said Rutter. “That won't give us a population large enough to make anything close to a good Ultimate Team mode. We could have gone down the road of creating domestic leagues as well, but we probably wouldn't have been able to stretch our resources far enough this year to provide a believable and broad crop of players.”
While domestic female teams seem a natural ambition for the future, in the short term Rutter said they are looking forward to delivering their eight- and 11-year-old daughters to school in peace. “The younger one in particular is a very keen footballer, and I get a lot of stick on the playground about us not including women in the game. Finally being able to say we are will make for a refreshing change.
“For girls of that age, or indeed any age, it doesn't make sense for there not to be any women in Fifa. In the past there has always been a general acceptance that they weren't in there. But within my household and social circle it's always been significantly disappointing that female gamers couldn't play Fifa with footballers of their own sex.
“I'm really glad we're doing it. We've got some cracking teams in there and there'll be some amazing matches. It's a big relief for everyone.”
Fifa 16 is out on multiple formats later this year.
The Guardian interviewed Rutter shortly after the death of long-time colleague Simon Humber, from ocular melanoma, aged 45. Humber was the Fifa series' creative director. “When you make video games, you spend a great deal of time with people, and shipping an annual title makes a team very close,” says Rutter. “I worked with Simon daily for seven years, and feel like I – and the team – lost a family member. In terms of their legacy within Fifa, they were the daddy of Ultimate Team, and played a big role in career mode – many of the features coming this year were ones they were leading development on. We've planted a tree outside our office in their memory, and it was astonishing to read the reaction from so many in the Fifa community after they died.” Our condolences go out to Humber's workmates, friends and family.
Bonnie Franklin, the actor who created an indelible television character playing a divorced, working mother of two headstrong daughters on the long-running series “One Day at a Time,” died Friday at their home in Los Angeles. They were 69.
The cause was complications from pancreatic cancer, their family announced.
By the mid-1970s, Franklin was a theater veteran who had earned a Tony nomination for their performance in the Broadway musical “Applause” when they were offered a different kind of role, one that was not then the usual fare on network television.
PHOTOS: Notable deaths: Classic TV
Developed by Norman Lear, the new CBS series would tell the story of Ann Romano, a divorced woman in their 30s raising two teenagers and building a new life for themselves in their hometown of Indianapolis. Franklin's character wasn't the first divorced woman on network television but the role, like those of other characters in Lear's groundbreaking sitcoms, was infused with a new level of social realism.
Franklin was nominated for an Emmy in 1982 and twice nominated for Golden Globe awards for their portrayal of Romano.
Over its run from 1975 to 1984, which made its tenure among the longest of Lear's series, "One Day at a Time' tackled such provocative issues as teen sex, birth control and infidelity.
BANGALORE: Uber's customers in India will be able to order ice-cream on Friday using the taxi hailing app on their smartphones.The initiative, which is highly popular in countries where it was offered earlier, will be only for one day in the six cities, including Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai, where the US-based company currently has operations."Amidst the heat wave, this kind of offer seems very exciting," said Delhi-based Ankita Patnaik, who routinely uses the app to hail cabs. In Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune and Chennai, the offer is priced at Rs 700. At Pune and Hyderabad, it's lower at Rs 450."Ice cream takes people back to their childhood and we want our users to enjoy that experience at the push of a button," said Bhavik Rathod, general manager at Uber Bangalore.Globally, Uber is known for its promotional strategies like delivering kittens-on-demand. In India, the company has run several promotional campaigns, including on-demand rides with cricketers Brendon McCullum and Faf du Plessis in Delhi. Uber has tied with premium ice cream brand Häagen-Dazs for the initiative.For their part, Indian taxi service providers are also coming up with their own promotions . Taxi aggregator TaxiForSure has tied up with a Bangalore-based lounge to offer free drops to its customers who participate in its selfie campaign on Friday.Uber is backed by cash-rich companies Goldman Sachs and Google Ventures , among others, and is reported to have clocked over $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in gross bookings last year.
BlackBerry continued to struggle during the company's fiscal fourth quarter, experiencing a huge drop in revenue and a $423 million net loss.
Revenue for the fourth quarter of BlackBerry's fiscal 2014, which ended March 1, was approximately US$976 million, down 64 percent from $2.7 billion in the same quarter in 2013.
The company's $423 million net loss for the period compares to a $98 million profit for the year-earlier period.
BlackBerry's main problem continues to be that it doesn't sell enough phones. The company sold approximately 3.4 million BlackBerry smartphones to end users last quarter, including about 1.1 million phones running the BlackBerry 10 OS. A year earlier, the company said it sold 6 million smartphones.
In addition, the company said it recognized hardware revenue on only 1.3 million BlackBerry smartphones for its fourth fiscal quarter this year, compared to approximately 1.9 million BlackBerry smartphones in the prior quarter.
Still, new CEO John Chen said they are pleased with the progress the company made during the quarter against the strategy laid out three months ago. BlackBerry has reached a cost reduction target one quarter ahead of schedule, Chen said in a statement.
BlackBerry had $2.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short- and long-term investments at the end of its fourth quarter, compared to $3.2 billion at the end of the previous three month period, it said.
What can I do when both parties insist on kicking?, Judge magazine, 1889 President Harrison political cartoon:magazine, 1889
A political football is a topic or issue that is seized on by opposing political parties or factions and made a more political issue than it might initially seem to be. "To make a political football" [out of something] is defined in William Safire's Safire's Political Dictionary as "To thrust a social, national security, or otherwise ostensibly non-political matter into partisan politics". In 1953 the gangster Lucky Luciano complained in an interview to Safire that "I have been a political football".[1]
A less-used meaning, is a political issue that is continually debated but left unresolved. The term is often used during a political election campaign to highlight issues that have not been completely addressed, such as the natural environment and abortion.[citation needed]
History [ edit ]
The Oxford English Dictionary has English examples of the use of "football" (the ball, not the game) in a figurative sense for something helplessly tossed around by others as early as the 16th century, for example, from about 1600: "I am the verye foote-ball of the starres". The phrase is used by the Bangor, Maine Whig and Courier in 1857.[1] An American cartoon from the time of President Harrison in 1889 shows a clear visual illustration of the metaphor, without using the actual phrase. It is now equally popular in other English-speaking countries, where the association is naturally with association football ("soccer") or the predominant local form of football.
Many other American football terms are in common use in the United States. Once a topic or issue has presented itself, the opposition will take the issue and "run with it" and "try to score points". There may be many parties in opposition to take up the topic, and sometimes run it into the ground, which at times can "backfire" and end up hurting the opposing faction. This can happen to the point of that party being seen as "fumbling" the issue. When a party or candidate ends up ignoring or putting off the issue, they are said to be "punting" it. In addition to the opponents of the politician or party using the subject as political fuel, the media may also "run with it". "Moving the goalposts" is the practice of changing the criteria of something while it is in progress (such as an investigation or a hearing) in order to offer one side an inherent advantage or disadvantage. Sometimes these matters become larger, like during an election, than anyone would have thought possible during the event itself.
Other countries also use metaphors drawn from their local sport in discussing politics, such as soccer, Australian rules football, baseball, rugby union/rugby league or cricket.
Notes [ edit ]
a b Safire, 555
Robert J. Sodaro writes;
Back in 1983, I penned an article lamenting the death of Marvel Comic character Captain Marvel, who was killed in Marvel's first graphic novel, The Death of Captain Marvel by Jim Starlin. At the time, Marvel (and Starlin) were savaged by fanboy critics who not only completely misunderstood what was being done, but railed against the way it was being done.
At that time I penned the article (for Comic Collector) I was profoundly moved by the book, and felt then (as I still do today, 30 years later) that the book had weight, and deserved a second look, which I gave it in the following article, which is presented essentially as it was originally printed (albeit with some minor editing).
**********
It's all over now…even the shouting. Captain Marvel is dead, and there is no changing that. No 11th hour reprieves. No writer to revise them in a later issue. He's gone, and that is that. All we have now is the leftover wine, and its bittersweet taste. There are those among the fan-elite who have reduced this tome to so much Pop Psychology and trite nonsense. Yet to do so just to maintain an aura of feigned intellectualism in hopes of impressing the masses of fandom is not only unfair; it is outright criminal.
As a writer and a person, I have two illusions in life; one is grand and terrifying, and the other is dark and fascinating. Together they form the basis of my beliefs and philosophies of life and truth. Still, Jim Starlin, with their finely-crafted work cuts through all of this and exposes the core of my being with their own mysteries that are more fascinating and awesome than I could ever hope to imagine.
To Starlin, death is a reality. It is not something that only happens to the other guy, it is a part of life, it is a measure of the truth, and everybody is touched by it, one to a customer, with no exceptions. Rich, poor, old, young, coward, hero, it does not matter, we all die, and not always in the manner or fashion that we would expect or prefer.
The Vikings of old believed that the only way for a warrior to enter Valhalla — the place of the noble dead — was to die with one's sword in one's hand. Cavalrymen of the American West wished to die, “with their boots on,” that is to say in battle. The Indians of America refused to fight at night for fear that the Great Spirit Wakanta would miss their souls in the dark. Warriors the world over, throughout history have sought to die “With Honor” (as witnessed by the death of General Sam Sawyer in Captain America #274). After reading The Death of Captain Marvel, I cannot help but to feel that this attitude is so much horse manure. When I die, I would wish to go out as did Mar-Vell, surrounded by my family and friends.
Noted psychologist Elisabeth Kubler-Ross wrote extensively about the death experience, and they broke it down into five stages: denial, depression, anger, bargaining, and finally acceptance. Starlin has Mar-Vell move through each of these stages as they approach their end. This is not Pop Psychology, but a man, who has spent their entire adult life as a warrior fighting near-impossible odds, now they have come to find out that a disease will strike them down. Even more than that, there is nothing that they can do to stop it. Mar-Vel is a man who loves life even more than honor (that which they as a warrior has been taught to love). Now they must face death as it slowly creeps up on him.
Starlin stalls this moment throughout the book by always tempting the reader with the possibility that Mar-Vel will live, in spite of what we all knew would happen. Therein, they manage to sustain the suspense of the book for the reader is always teased by the thought that no company would really kill off a major character, yet even though another company (DC) actually did kill off a major character that “would not be killed off” The Batman of Earth 2.
When they died, fandom was enraged. Many fans felt that they should have been killed in an annual or something (needless to say Marvel was criticized for doing just that…making a big deal over Mar-Vell's death…sometimes you can't win for losing). The death of Earth 2 Batman was proclaimed as both stupid and wasteful, well, it was, but not for the reason that many claimed.
When you think about it, is it not stupid and wasteful to die? Batman spent their entire adult life fighting crime, and then they died doing the same. They spent most of their tenure as a crime fighter putting away nameless criminals and finally one of them put them away. Elysius, Mar-Vell's lover, confessed to them that they always feared that they would someday die in some lonely place, surrounded by their enemies (what Batman of Earth 2 in fact did). Dying in this way (at home in bed), at least they could be with him. It is this that is stupid and wasteful about death; to die in some meaningless gesture at the hands of some cheap thug. Batman's death was cheap and pointless, but it was meant to be. Writer, Paul Levitz was making a statement about superheroes and their lives, only no one understood the message…pity.
Still again, had Mar-Vell been given the choice, they too would have gone out as had the Batman. The desire among warriors to go out in a blaze of glory is great indeed. Yet more than that, Mar-Vell would have rejected death, they would have fought to the very end, denying that it was even possible for them to die. When Thanos asked if Mar-Vell would he, “…Challenge the abstract…deny the infinite?” Mar-Vell replied, “Yes!” but why?
Why indeed? In the award-winning television show M*A*S*H, Colonel Henry Blake (McLean Stevenson) was consoling Hawkeye (Alan Alda) over the death of one of Hawkeye's friends. “They taught me two rules in command school,” Blake said. “Rule Number One is that young men die. Rule Number Two is that doctors can't change Rule Number One.” Personally, I can't help but to believe that the man who attempts to deny the infinite is both a fool and tilting at windmills greater than those against which Don Quixote fought.
It is only human nature to deny death, especially one's own. Yet we understand that when a study was made, it was discovered that we “need” death. According to what we heard, a number of years back several people were hypnotized into thinking that they would not die. They all promptly lost the will to live. That is to say that they no longer had a real reason to do anything…today. It was subsequently determined that death adds immediacy to life. For if one has forever to live, then one also has forever to do whatever one wants…so why do it today?
Death is as much a part of life as is living; to ignore one is to reject the other. Perhaps those who panned The Death of Captain Marvel were more upset about Jim Starlin's message than the way they packaged it. Unable (or unwilling) to deal with the former they ripped apart the ladder…mores the pity.
The Death of Captain Marvel is a powerful and important piece of literature, well worth both the purchase price and the time spent reading it. All that is now left to say of the Kree Captain, by way of a eulogy is to paraphrase George Harrison, “Mar-Vell is a dead man…miss him…miss him.”
**********
We wanted to reprint this article now, especially given that we recently learned that two other comicbook superheroes are stricken with cancer; Joe Martino's The Mighty Titan, and Michael Jan Friedman's hero, The Salamander from their upcoming prose superhero novel, I amThe Salamander. Unlike the megalomaniac, costumed, characters in most superhero comicbooks, cancer is a real thing, just ask Joe Martino, a comicbook writer and artist and the father of three who has survived kidney cancer twice.
Personally, we live in the real world and (in spite of what some believe of us) only play in the world of spandex-clad superheroes. We understand that cancer is a real thing and understand its real-world implications. What Martino is doing with The Mighty Titan is attempting to use what they know and experienced via their own (and others') cancer experiences, and (possibly) entertain and teach them what that was all about.
Needless to say, Martino is (like many of the rest of us), a Heroist — someone who believes in the cult of heroes — and has determined to wrap their tale in the fictional world in which they grew up, one that is filled with men and women wearing masks and capes, and truthfully, there is nothing wrong with that.
__________
Robert J. Sodaro who is something of a Heroist himself, has been reviewing comicbooks for some 30 years. During that time, their reviews and articles have appeared in numerous print publications, as well as on the web
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Last Sunday morning when I went out to walk the dog, I noticed a card on the windshield of my wife's car. They had been shopping with the girls the day before at Freehold Raceway Mall. The card said the car's registration had expired and a summons had been issued.
That had me scratching my head. My wife's 2012 Honda Accord is leased. And typically when you lease a car, you automatically get a registration that runs for four years.
On Monday, I called the people at Honda. They informed me that the dealer had installed the plates from my prior three-year Accord lease, so I could take advantage of the fourth year of registration. That was nice. But when the registration ran out, the state was supposed to send Honda a renewal application. The people at Honda told me they never received it.
I believed them, and for a simple reason: If there is a mistake to be made, the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission will make it. I found that out when I went to renew the registration in person. The nice lady behind the counter informed me that I couldn't renew because I had surrendered my plates.
That again had me scratching my head. If I had turned in my plates, then just why the heck would I be ready to write them a check for $59 to renew a registration that I couldn't use?
I asked the lady to check the computer and remedy the error. That was impossible, they said. They handed me two sheets of paper and told me to come back with a pencil-tracing of my plates.
It was getting late, and I had to drive up north to watch Gov. Chris Christie debate state Sen. Barbara Buono. I suspect Buono would have won the debate — and the election — if they had simply asked the governor why their administration can't handle something as simple as a registration renewal. A lawyer friend of mine tells me that the courts are clogged with such cases, almost all of which could be prevented if the state would simply run its motor vehicle system the way a company like Amazon runs its website.
Alas, Buono did not broach the subject, perhaps because the Democrats are equally complicit in this conspiracy against the motorist.
It was past midnight when I got home. After enduring the debate, all I wanted was a cold beer followed by a warm bed. But first I had to find a pencil — a device invented five centuries before the computer, by the way. I then had to kneel down in the dark, rubbing this obsolete device across the plate repeatedly to tell the state what it already knew. I got ticked off.
I got even more ticked off the next day when I called Dave Jones. Jones recently retired from the State Police, but for years they were the spokesperson for the State Police Fraternal Association (not FOP, as a reader noted) unit. In that capacity, they often complained about policies that make the police "sing for their supper" — i.e., hand out enough tickets to cover their salaries.
This was a classic case of that abuse, Jones said. The original purpose of license-plate scanners was to find stolen cars in high-crime areas such as Newark and Camden. But before long, local officials realized they could make a quick buck by having their cops drive around scanning plates and handing out tickets.
"I call it ‘mayor's methadone,Â" Jones said. "They're hooked on the money."
What Jones told me next was news to me — frightening news. Under the guise of homeland security, license-plate readers had been installed over every entrance to Freehold Raceway Mall, they said.
I had to see this for myself, so I hung up and drove to Freehold. Sure enough, over every entrance to the mall were scanners that record the plate numbers of every car coming and going. The scan instantly shows whether the registration is current, Jones said. While the driver is shopping, the police are writing out a ticket. The project was funded with a $285,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
"Of all the places that need readers, you stick them in the Freehold Mall?" Jones said. "Name one case where a terrorist used their own vehicle."
I can't think of one. But if some madman from the Middle East ever does decide to hit Freehold Raceway Mall, he'll face the combined might of both the Motor Vehicle Commission and the Department of Homeland Security. First, MVC will screw up their registration renewal. And then the cops will leave a card on their windshield.
Before long, al Qaeda will be brought to its knees, tracing license plates with pencils.
It's a shame we Americans have to resort to such harsh measures. But unless we show firm resolve on registration renewals, the terrorists will have won.
COMMENTS -NO MORE CLUELESS LIBERALS PLEASE: I noticed that in the comments section I'm hearing from various clueless liberals who fail to understand the argument I'm making here. Yes, we all know the state insists it is the responsibility of the owner of the vehicle, in this case Honda, to keep the registration up to date.
Here is the point of the column: I reject that argument. I believe the state should modernize the system because the state exists to serve the citizen, not the other way around.
If you are a liberal who believes it is the citizen's responsibility to serve the state, there are plenty of blogs for you. Please comment on them, not here.
By the way, the person leasing a vehicle not only doesn't have the responsibility to renew the lease; they don't even have the authority. That's up to the lessor. As I noted, the summons went to Honda for that reason. It will be up to Honda whether to contest it based on the state's abject incompetence. The Honda people tell me they get thousands of these printed forms every month from New Jersey. All of that should be handled online, and would be if we had competent people running the MVC.
ADD: I didn't have the room to give the reason for those four-year registrations. They date to the days of Jim McGreevey. McGreevey would do anything to get some quick cash to spend. One of their stunts was to bond for billions of dollars and pay it off with surcharges on traffic tickets for 20 years. Another was forcing people who buy new cars to get four-year registrations. That gave them millions of dollars up-front - all at the expense of the next governor.
This is highway robbery. If you get rid of the car for some reason, you lose the remaining years of registration. Since most leases run for three years, that happens to drivers quite often. It would make sense to have three-year registrations for leased cars. Then you'd get all the paperwork our of the way up front. But don't expect state officials to make sense when they can make dollars profiting from their own errors.
Chris Christie of all people should have remedied this. During the 2009 campaign they were attacked because they had been ticketed in Lambertville for an expired registration. The Jon Corzine people made a big deal of this by arguing they used their influence to keep from having their car towed, something that often happens to people who have forgotten to renew their registrations for some reason.
These days you could renew the damn thing on your I-phone - if only the state would simplify the system. Instead they rely on paper documents. And as the example of my "surrendered " plates shows, they can't handle paper documents.
ALSO: I sent the MVC people a detailed e-mail requesting they answer a number of questions on every aspect of this. I also left a message. I never heard back.
Capcom today announced that a new Resident Evil game, titled, Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City is in development for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC and it'll be releasing in winter 2011.
The game is being jointly developed by Capcom and Slant 6 Games studio and promises to deliver a third person based shooter experience set in the Resident Evil universe as the events depicted in Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3 are interpreted in the game.
The game promises to introduce a brand-new style of gameplay which will have players face a third unpredictable element which promises to break the conventions of traditional team based shooters.
Here's a snippet of the story of the game from Capcom themselves:
It is September 1998 and the action centres once more on the ill-fated Raccoon City and the horrific consequences of the deadly T-virus outbreak from the Umbrella facility. With a cover up required, Umbrella orders an elite team into Raccoon City to destroy all evidence of the outbreak and eliminate any survivors. Hearing of this plan, the US Government dispatches its own special forces to uncover any evidence that exposes the cause of the viral infection and Umbrella's actions. Players take on the role of an Umbrella Security Services soldier (U.S.S.), competing alone or in four player co-op in a battle against all the competing forces at play in Raccoon City.
The game will see fan favorite characters like Leon.S. Kennedy makes a comeback in the game, players will also experience a retelling of classic moments from past titles Resident Evil™ 2 and Resident Evil™ 3 and watch the events unfolding from the menacing perspective of the Umbrella Security Service, giving fans the chance to rewrite the history of the Raccoon City outbreak. . Players will experience a retelling of classic moments from past titles Resident Evil™ 2 and Resident Evil™ 3 and watch the events unfolding from the menacing perspective of the Umbrella Security Service, giving fans the chance to rewrite the history of the Raccoon City outbreak.
The game will also feature a number of competitive online multiplayer modes, allowing three way combat between the Umbrella Security Service, US Special Ops and threat of zombies and B.O.W's.
Capcom also confirmed a demo for Resident Evil: Revelations would be made available for those who buy RE: The Mercenaries 3D. The demo lets players take control of one of the full game's characters, Jill Valentine, as they explore the ship's dark interior, killing any mysterious creatures that emerge from the shadows.
More details on both these titles will be revealed at E3 this year.
Let us know your thoughts below.
What's up? My name's Lauren and I have been lucky enough to write for DyngScene for three years. I don't have anything fancy to say, but below are my top 10 favorite albums of 2013. I'll try not to disappoint you as much as some other things may have this year.
10. DC Fallout – “Objector”
DC Fallout have been one of my favorite bands for a while now. Their new guitarist has added a really cool dimension to their sound and they have some killer lyrics. What a rad album.
9. The Flatliners – “Dead Language”
I love the Flatliners so much. They are easily one of my favorite bands around today. I listen to “Cavalcade” at least once a day, so my expectations for this album were extremely high. I was a bit disappointed with it because it didn't quite live up to my expectations. I still like it a lot though.
8. Crusades – “Perhaps You Deliver This Judgment With Greater Fear Than I Receive It”
7. Broadcaster – “A Million Hours”
Great power-pop / indie-punk from Long Island. I can't stop listening to this album.
6. The French Exit – “Guts & Black Stuff”
The French Exit‘s album reminds me of old school Weezer and Alkaline Trio. It's great from start to finish.
5. Shai Hulud – “Reach Beyond The Sun”
Easily the best Shai Hulud release to date. :)
4. Protest the Hero – “Volition”
3. The Bronx – “Bronx IV”
2. Wringer – “Bullfighter”
Here's an album that I hope isn't overlooked. It is so good. I'm a little obsessed with it. An awesome friend of mine showed me this album earlier this year. They play the non-awful kind of pop-punk. Great harmonies and song-writing.
1. Off With Their Heads – “Home”
I don't even have to explain this one do I? You haven't been living under a rock, have you?
In a break with decades of DUP policy, Peter Robinson has signalled that the party is unlikely to oppose David Ford's proposal to allow abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality.
Indicating that their MLAs are likely to be given a free vote on the issue, the First Minister told the News Letter that it would be “odd” for the party to propose a conscience clause bill but then deny its own members the right to exercise their conscience.
Peter Robinson at the launch of the Democratic Unionist Party Westminster election manifesto at Wrightbus in Co Antrim. Picture Mark Marlow/Pacemaker press
Mr Robinson was responding to a question about whether they would allow their MLAs to have a free vote on the issue, something which would mean that the party would take no stance on the bill.
Even in a free vote, the bulk of DUP MLAs would be expected to oppose any change to abortion legislation, but some are believed to be supportive of Mr Ford's proposals.
The DUP manifesto, which was launched yesterday in Antrim, made no mention of either abortion or gay marriage – two issues which have seen the party face considerable criticism over recent years.
By contrast, last year's European election manifesto referred to both issues, with an entire section on ‘The Right of the Unborn Child', which pledged that the DUP “will oppose any attempts to weaken Northern Ireland's law on abortion at Stormont, Westminster or in Europe”.
Over recent months there have been rumours that the party wanted to slightly soften its stance on such debates.
The first indication of a change in tact came on Thursday when it emerged that the party had made no official submission to the justice minister's public consultation on allowing abortion in cases where babies are suffering from medical conditions which mean they will not be able to survive outside the womb.
But on Friday, the DUP's Jim Wells played down suggestions of a free vote on the issue.
Mr Wells, who made clear that they were speaking in a personal capacity as a South Down MLA rather than as health minister, said: “There has been no decision on that, as far as I am aware.
“I think the only time we have had a free vote was the bill on fox hunting and then on hare coursing.
“I know the Alliance Party have free votes on occasion but free votes are not that common in the Assembly.
“Parties tend to meet behind closed doors to thrash out opinions and then a consensus is reached – so there might be a free vote before you got to the chamber.”
But yesterday when Mr Robinson was asked the same question, they said: “Well, we're the party that's looking for a conscience clause. It would be a bit odd if we were seeking to have a conscience clause for people in the community and weren't to allow our own members to have a free vote on those matters.
“However, the Democratic Unionist Party in its entirety believes that it is worth looking at whether there is a better way forward on these matters and we are looking at the [abortion] guidelines again to see if we could get the guidelines written in terms that would be satisfactory to the medical profession, to mothers and families as well and to the general public more widely.
“I think that is much better than people getting litigious over these matters and having to resort to the courts if there is any dispute on them.
“We are dealing with very sensitive matters – far better that these issues are dealt with by a consultant and by the mother and the father in the privacy of a consulting room.”
When asked if it would be the first time that the party would essentially not adopt a stance on an abortion vote and allow its MLAs to vote as they decide, Mr Robinson said: “Well we have never said to our MLAs ‘there is a three-line whip [the most stringent form of party discipline] on this vote'. We have never said that.
“It just so happens that in the votes that have taken place there has been no divergence of opinion within our Assembly group. We think the same on these issues – that's probably why we're in the same party...”
Mr Robinson said that the vote on Mr Ford's proposals for abortion on grounds of fatal foetal abnormality is “slightly different from some of the other votes that we have had and even within the party there are those who might take a different view on fatal foetal abnormalities if it were possible to determine whether the foetus could have life outside the womb.
“If the child is going to be born dead, then that's a very different set of circumstances than cutting life off.”
See Morning View
Photo: Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images
Spoilers ahead for the most recent episode of Outlander.
Just when it seemed it couldn't get worse for Jamie, it did — much worse. Their stay of execution from the hangman's noose came at a high cost — quality time with their nemesis, Black Jack Randall, the man responsible for the scars on their back and the price on their head. Tobias Menzies, who plays Black Jack with chilling menace, pulled back the curtain on what it was like to play the torture scenes in this lead-up to the finale, going full-frontal, and their wish to return to Game of Thrones as Edmure Tully, the groom of the Red Wedding (if only we could make it so).
Menzies: You said you were going to work on getting me back on Game of Thrones. What did they say?
Well, clearly we're too late for season five, but I think it could work for season six. And David Bradley wants to come back to show what's happened since Walder Frey imprisoned Edmure Tully. They said he's “straining at the leash” for that bit.
David Bradley! Oh, yeah. I'm totally onboard. I love that we're plotting out the next seasons of one of the biggest shows! [Chuckles.] I'm not sure they're going to listen to us, but maybe the Blackfish and Edmure Tully can get back together.
Or maybe Edmure can meet up with … their sister.
Like a ghost? Like a haunting or something? I should be taking notes here.
Not quite a haunting, but fans were hoping to see them again in another capacity. Might not happen, though.
Who knows? Give them a multiple choice. I do wonder if they'll be able to tie up all the ends. Some, they might just have to leave alone. I think it's going to happen, though! I'm excited. You're basically going to get a cut of the fee. What do you want? Five percent? Ten percent? All the stars are aligning. [Laughs.] I'd love to go back, and Northern Ireland's just across the water.
In the meantime, let's talk about the scenes you shot in Scotland. This episode, we're getting a big dose of Black Jack Randall torturing Jamie. We've seen them flog Jamie before, but this is something different. They want Jamie's surrender.
I very much wanted it to be, from what I got from Diana Gabaldon's writing, and what I wanted to push beyond Diana's writing, is that for Jack, this is an investigation into sadism. That's what I got interested in, and this is a graphic demonstration of it. Up until now, we haven't seen Jack as a threat, apart from the flogging, which was in flashback. We're seeing them now do what everyone knows they can do. It's one man emotionally, psychologically, and physically dismantling someone else. Some of the things that are done to Jamie are very unpleasant and violent, more so because of the precision. It's not done out of fury or loss of control, and that's what makes it more chilling. It's different than the flogging, which is just the start of the story. The shocking violence of that you needed at the beginning, but by the time you get to Wentworth Prison, there are other things that you need.
Plus, it's been years since that flogging …
Their interest has been piqued, and he's been outwitted a few times now by Jamie, and so it's been in gestation for years now to get to this point, to get this person under their control, away from everyone else. And they go to some considerable effort. This is not their jurisdiction. And they rescue Jamie from the noose, which speaks to some passion in them for this person, this man. But it's shadowy. I'm not sure Jack would be able to be coherent about those feelings. But this is someone they want to get to know better, now that they have these hours alone with him. However, you think of how Black Jack Randall expresses himself, they are expressing himself. So there's an intimacy about the transaction.
When Black Jack hammers Jamie's hand and nails it to the table, how did you guys pull that off?
They did an amazing job, creating this prosthetic imitation of Jamie's hand, which we were able to hammer a nail into and rig it with blood. They cheated it into the sleeve, so Sam [Heughan] had their arm under the table, and it looked like their hand. It was quite a delicate thing, and they had it wired, animatronics, so the hand could contract. It was really clever work, and hopefully that adds to the severity of it! Plus, we were in this gloomy, rat-infested room. Jail cell rats. I don't mind rats, really. But these were more amenable, more docile than your New York subway rats. Stay away from those! [Laughs.]
Previous to this episode, in the attempted rape of Jamie's sister Jenny, you did a little full-frontal nudity. Not that you've shied away from that before …
We're all old and hairy enough now; we all know what it is! [Laughs.] I didn't bother with a modesty pouch, because that's what the scene is about — is they up or not? And if nudity is necessary within the narrative, then I don't have a problem with it. I don't think male actors get the same sort of prejudices associated with it. If a guy gets their kit off, I don't think he's thought any less of, but it can be a challenge for female actors, if they get a reputation for that.
They were having a conversation about some male extras doing nude scenes while shooting Game of Thrones, whether or not they should be circumcised …
See, that's a brilliant conversation to be a part of! What does it mean historically and all of that. It's more normal in the U.S., much less so than in the U.K. But no, that's not one of the conversations we had. Are you asking if I'm circumcised? No. I'm not. Just to be clear. [Chuckles.] Where have we gone here?! But I didn't bother with a modesty pouch, or the cock sock, a slightly more brutal phrase for it. I didn't get one.
How do you think Black Jack Randall would fare against Ramsay Bolton?
[Chuckles.] I think they could handle him. He'd fare quite well. Ramsay's kind of small. Maybe there's a conversation to be had between the two of them.
On technique? They could be torture buddies.
God forbid! [Laughs.]
A bill under consideration in the Michigan Senate would rename a section of Woodward Avenue near Comerica Park after Mike Ilitch.
Ilitch, owner of the Detroit Tigers and Red Wings and the Little Caesars pizza empire, died Feb. 10 at 87.
The portion of Woodward between Montcalm Street and East Adams Avenue would be called Mike Ilitch Boulevard, according to the bill, which was introduced June 15. Its primary sponsor is Sen. Coleman Young II, who is running for Detroit mayor.
Ilitch, a Detroit-born billionaire, parlayed modest roots into a business empire with $3.4 billion in annual revenue in 2016, led by the Little Caesars pizza chain they co-founded with wife Marian. They used the fortune to invest in their downtown Detroit business and real estate ventures that admirers say helped make them a key figure in the city's slow renaissance.
Authored by Daniel Lang via SHTFplan.com,
Over the past year, Antifa and other similar anti-fascist groups have been caught threatening, intimidating, and inflicting violence against peaceful people on numerous occasions. And in each case, this has been done with the goal of effecting political change in this country. And that has left many of their critics wondering why groups like Antifa haven't been labeled as terrorist organizations.
What these people are doing, literally fits the dictionary definition of terrorism, which is “The unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.”
Well if you can believe it, Homeland Security has finally done what they should have done months ago.
The Department of Homeland Security in New Jersey has officially listed Antifa as a domestic terrorist organization after a rash of violent attacks by the group targeting supporters of Donald Trump. Under the heading ‘Anarchist Extremists: Antifa', the njhomelandsecurity.gov website characterizes Antifa under the designation of “domestic terrorism”. “In the past year, Antifa groups have become active across the United States, employing a variety of methods to disrupt demonstrations,” states the advisory, before going on to list a number of violent disruptions, including Milo Yiannopoulos' speaking event at the University of California Berkeley on February 1st, which was cancelled after members of Antifa violently attacked free speech advocates. The advisory also lists how Antifa has engaged in doxxing of individuals to expose them to abuse and violent harassment.
But that brings up an important question. Why did it take so long for Homeland Security to call Antifa a terrorist organization?
In the post 9/11 world, it seems shockingly easy to be labelled a terrorist by our government. In the past, Homeland Security has deemed conservatives, libertarians, and Christians as potential terror threats. The government has kept a watchful eye on veterans, for fear that they will turn their lethal skills against the feds. A wide variety of people have been added to the terror watch list, despite having no known affiliations with any terrorist organizations.
People who are merely preppers, conspiracy theorists, or who make purchases with cash are suspect. Americans who wish to encrypt their phones are viewed as potential terrorists. Even making your own gold and silver coins is viewed as a form of domestic terrorism.
In short, if you make the government even slightly nervous, there's a good chance that you will be seen as a potential terror threat , and the government doesn't necessarily need any solid evidence to place you on a terror watch list. So again, why is it that in a society where any slight transgression can land you on the government's shit list, did it take so long to label Antifa a terrorist organization?
The truth is that as far as our government is concerned, “terrorist” is a catch-all term for anyone who is a threat to the government. Sometimes that includes people who are genuine terrorists, but more often than not, it includes peaceful people who simply don't want to go along with the government's agenda. And because of that, the government's definition of terrorism changes depending on who is in power.
The most likely reason Antifa is being called a domestic terror organization, is because Donald Trump is president. If Homeland Security was under Obama, I seriously doubt that they would have received that label. In this case, that label is totally justified, but that could change in the future. We live under a government that can totally disregard the rights of anyone they say is a terrorist, but the definition of that word is fluid as far as the government is concerned.
It is applied to whoever is a threat to the system at any given moment. It changes whenever it is convenient to whoever is in power. You can go from being a relatively free citizen to a terrorist who is stripped of all their rights, depending on who is running the country. What is considered totally normal behavior one day, can be deemed a terrorist threat the next. So until the government adheres to a strict definition of terrorism, all of our lives are in danger.
Young people who refuse to take up work opportunities or continue to use recreational drugs could lose half their benefit under a National Party plan.
Photo: RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly
National Social Development Spokesperson Anne Tolley and leader Bill English made the announcement in Invercargill today.
They said $72 million over the next four years would be put towards guaranteeing work experience, training and rehabilitation services if drug use was halting employment.
Mr English said those who refused to do work experience or training, or continued to fail drug tests, would have half their benefit cut after four weeks of non-compliance.
"With the track record already of these types of sanctions which have been in the system for a long time - about 95 percent comply within a month so the actual number of people who have had a significant reduction in their benefit is actually quite small and we would expect it would be the same with this group."
In February, Mr English said they heard from employers two or three times a week who struggled to find enough New Zealanders to fill job vacancies because a lot of younger people couldn't pass a drug test.
Government figures show over three years 466 beneficiaries failed or refused to take a drug test. There were about 32,000 per-employment drug tests in 2015.
The government said today part of the $72 million would be put towards providing drug rehabilitation services for young people.
Mrs Tolley said they were confident there would be enough people on the ground to get rehab centres up and running.
"One thing we have found is when you are out there with money, buying those services, it's amazing how quickly they arrive.
"So yes, we are confident. It might be a bit slow getting up and running, but we are confident that there's people out there that will take up those opportunities."
Drug Foundation executive director Ross Bell said that was an optimistic view.
They said there was a shortfall in rehabilitation services in general.
Photo: VNP / Phil Smith
"We've actually estimated to meet the current demands for addiction treatment and to provide help for the 50,000 New Zealanders who want help but can't get it we're going to need to double the treatment budget.
"We've estimated we'll need about $150 million of new money to deal with existing need."
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said there were already plenty of sanctions for beneficiaries and there was no need for more.
"The idea of having to increase it for a particular group, I just don't think is justified. These young people need opportunities, they need that ability to get that first job, that's what we should be focused on."
A U.S. Marine pilot who ejected from an F/A-18 fighter jet off the eastern coast of Japan has been confirmed dead after being recovered earlier on Thursday by a Japanese naval vessel, military officials said.
The Marine Corps identified Captain Jake Frederick as the pilot who ejected from their F/A-18C+ fighter aircraft after it went down 120 miles off the coast of Iwakuni, Japan.
The Japanese Defense Ministry had announced earlier in the day that a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force ship had recovered Frederick.
"He is pronounced deceased," Marine Corps said in a statement today. "We will provide more releasable information after the 24-hour window. Our deepest condolences go out to the family and friends of the pilot. The cause of the crash is still unknown."
A timeline posted on the Japanese ministry's website indicated that the missing pilot was spotted at 1:05 a.m. ET by the 71st Air Division and rescued five minutes later.
Frederick was taken to the base at Iwakuni, Japan, officials said, but no details of the pilot's condition were provided.
Initial efforts to locate Frederick on Wednesday proved unsuccessful leading U.S. and Japanese officials to broaden the search radius and increase the number of search assets.
A search-and-rescue operation was launched on Wednesday after Frederick ejected from their F/A-18 aircraft during a scheduled training mission.
Search Underway for Marine Pilot Who Ejected Near Japanese Coast
Frederick had ejected at about 4:40 a.m. ET, 120 miles southeast of Iwakuni, Japan, according to Marine Corps Base Camp Butler in Okinawa. The F/A-18 was assigned to the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing in Okinawa and was conducting "regularly scheduled training at the time of the mishap," Marine Corps Base Camp Butler said.
Another F/A-18 fighter that was flying alongside Frederick's aircraft remained in the area until it had to leave because it was running out of fuel, officials said.
Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesperson, said on Wednesday that a number of U.S. and Japanese air and surface vessels were involved in the search-and-rescue efforts.
The USS Montford Point, an expeditionary Transfer Dock, was searching the area and the guided missile destroyer USS Wilbur Curtis was moving to the search area, officials said at the time the search-and-rescue efforts were launched.
Three Japanese ships and multiple Japanese fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft also assisted in the search, officials said.
This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.
Manchester City say they have no interest in signing Luis Suarez © Getty Images Enlarge
Manchester City have dismissed widespread reports that they are weighing up a bid for Liverpool forward Luis Suarez in January.
A senior figure at the club has informed the Manchester Evening News that there is no truth in claims City boss Roberto Mancini is eager to add the Uruguayan to their squad.
A report in the Daily Express, since picked up by most of England's other national newspapers, claimed Mancini wanted the 25-year-old despite already having Sergio Aguero, Carlos Tevez, Edin Dzeko and Mario Balotelli on their books.
Mancini is under pressure following a poor Champions League campaign that looks destined to end in failure to qualify for the knockout stages for the second successive season.
Suarez, who has scored eight Premier League goals for Liverpool this season, is contracted to the Reds until 2018.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
from Huffington Post
Officers at a Seattle-area police department have found themselves in a flap with some unusual suspects: an angry flock of birds.
Crows have been attacking police in the parking lot of an Everett Police Department precinct station. They've been swooping down and dive-bombing the officers as they walk to and from their cars.
Lt. Bob Johns said they recently are flanked by the aggressive birds and “got zinged.”
“They're like velociraptors,” Johns said.
One officer used their siren to try to scare away the crows, but it didn't work. The birds responded by decorating their car with droppings, The Daily Herald reported.
State Fish and Wildlife Department biologist Ruth Milner said the birds are simply protecting baby crows that have been kicked out of the nest and are learning to fly. Adult crows are quite protective of their young – a common trait among larger birds and birds of prey.
“All they're doing is defending their nest,” Milner said.
They noted crows also can recognize people's individual features. And they hold grudges.
“If your cops have done something that (the crows) perceive as a threat, they could be keying in on them because they're all wearing the same kind of uniform,” Milner said.
In addition to the officers, at least a dozen city employees have encountered the angry crows, and some have complained about being attacked, city spokesperson Kate Reardon said. But they said police and city workers have agreed to let the crows be, and wait out the aggression.
They said the employees will be cautious but can use umbrellas to defend themselves if need be.
Everett is about 25 miles north of Seattle.
Advertisements
For the upcoming demonstrator aircraft, DARPA hopes to achieve a top sustained flight speed between 300 and 400 knots, a hover efficiency of at least 75 percent, boost its cruise lift-to-drag ratio to 10 (up from the V-22's ratio of 5 to 6), and have the ability to carry at least 40 percent of the plane's expected 10,000-pound gross weight.
AFS's concept would employ the same 4,000 HP engine used by the V-22 to generate 3 MW of electrical power that will drive the 24 ductless fans spread across its rear wings and front canards. These fans will rotate, as you can see in the image above, enabling the X-Plane to seamlessly transition from a hover to forward flight.
"This VTOL X-plane won't be in volume production in the next few years but is important for the future capabilities it could enable," DARPA program manager, Ashish Bagai, said. "Imagine electric aircraft that are quieter, fuel-efficient and adaptable and are capable of runway-independent operations. We want to open up whole new design and mission spaces freed from prior constraints, and enable new VTOL aircraft systems and subsystems." AFS expects to have its demonstrator in the air sometime in 2018.
Brent Means (Photo: Facebook)
Details on the situation that led to the officer-involved shooting of Brent Means in the Iuka Walmart Sunday night are scarce.
Means, 34, was killed by police in an exchange of gunfire inside Walmart after they ran inside the store after a traffic pursuit, according to the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation.
MBI Spokesman Warren Strain said two officers from the Iuka Police Department started following Means' vehicle around 6:10 p.m. Sunday.
After a pursuit that lasted about five minutes, Means pulled into the Walmart parking lot and entered the store, Strain said.
Authorities said the man opened fire. They said the officers returned fire, and Means was killed. One officer was taken to a hospital for a minor injury and has since been released.
Both authorities and Means' friends said they had a shotgun. Strain said no bystanders were injured in the incident.
The preliminary investigation shows a conservation officer inside the store may have also been involved in the shooting, Strain said.
But Sheena Burton, a lifelong friend of Means said that their father Howard Means and Brent Means' friend Doug Matney were able to get to Walmart just after the shooting occurred.
They said Matney told them their wife ran into Means at a gas station, and that for some reason they didn't want to get out and pay for their gas and they drove off. They called their husband, who called Howard Means, and the two went to Walmart.
"But that's not in Brent's nature. I've run it in my head over and over trying to figure it out. That was not the real Brent, someone would have had to have triggered something," Burton said. "Brent did not want anyone to fight, they wanted everyone to always get along, that was their main thing. They would always say you'll be here one day and gone tomorrow. They wanted everyone to always get along."
Matney said they don't know what happened with Means, but that they hope the Walmart security footage will explain more about what happened to their friend.
Burton said Means had looked out for them since their husband Chad, a close friend of his, was killed in a car accident 2008.
"I have to pray, I got on my knees last night and prayed," they said. "There's a lot of grieving on me. I'm used to them texting or calling every day, or them being here every other day. They always said how much they loved me. It's really heartbreaking."
Means, a father of three, had been sober for several months, Burton said. For the last two years on their Facebook page, they had documented their battle with sobriety, their time in rehabilitation, and their growing faith.
"He was the best person you could ever meet. You looked at their Facebook, there was always some kind of church verse or pictures with their kids," Burton said.
Means was a logger, and they drove race cars, as did their father. On their race car, they had the name and phone number of their recovery center prominently displayed. From their social media and by Burton's account, they were proud of their progress and their faith.
Burton said they saw them as late as Saturday night and nothing seemed to be wrong. They said they don't believe there would be any reason they would have been drinking, either.
"They can do a blood test, but even if they had been drinking, I still don't think alcohol would have done that. I've seen Brent drunk back in the days when we all ran together, and they were a happy drunk," they said.
Strain said the state medical examiner will perform an autopsy on Tuesday, and the MBI is looking into the incident, which is routine for officer-involved shootings.
Shootout at Iuka, Miss. Wal-Mart (Photo: Tupelo Daily Journal via Twitter)
Read or Share this story: http://on.thec-l.com/1Egg2sf
Saturday Night Live announcer and former cast member Darrell Hammond will appear as Colonel Sanders in an upcoming series of ads for Kentucky Fried Chicken, People reports.
“Because [Col. Sanders] is no longer with us, we needed to find the greatest impersonator of our generation,” Kevin Hochman, CMO of KFC tells the magazine. “Darrell has mastered the cadence, tone and mannerisms of other celebrated figures … so, who better to play one of America's dearest icons than [him].”
Hammond impersonated Donald Trump, Jay Leno, Dick Cheney and Bill Clinton during their time on SNL from 1995-2011, and frequently joined the Weekend Update desk as presidential candidate John McCain during the 2008 election. Since their time on the sketch comedy show, Hammond took on the role of Brick Street in they Are We There Yet? television series and appeared in Scary Movie 5. In addition to their announcing duties, Hammond has recently appeared on SNL again as Clinton.
As for their newest role, Hammond highly anticipates the payoff. “It's an honor to bring to life such an iconic figure,” they tell People, “and it doesn't hurt that KFC is paying me in chicken (which, at the time sounded like a good idea, because I was very hungry that day).”
See Hammond rock gray hair and a bow tie as Colonel Sanders over at People.
J.K. Rowling: 'I pinned my first rejection letter to my kitchen wall'
CLOSE To encourage other writers, J.K. Rowling tweeted a couple of rejection letters they received from publishers for their book 'The Cuckoo's Calling.' Video provided by Newsy Newslook
They say that anyone who has ever succeeded failed first. J.K. Rowling is no exception.
After rebuffed author Dianne Brubaker tweeted that Rowling was their inspiration for keeping up the craft, the Harry Potter creator responded with their own rejection story: "I pinned my 1st rejection letter to my kitchen wall because it gave me something in common with all my fave writers!"
Upon their followers' request, Rowling then shared the rejection letters for their Cormoran Strike mystery novels, which they wrote under the pen name, Robert Galbraith. The best-selling author blurred out publishers' names in order to protect their identities and explained that they shared the images for "inspiration, not revenge."
Twitter | @jk_rowling J.K. Rowling on Twitter
But Rowling did subtly shade one of the publishers, noting that, "Yes, the publisher who first turned down Harry also sent @RGalbraith their rudest rejection (by email)!"
When another writer asked how Rowling maintained morale in the wake of rejection, they replied, "I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down, but I often feared that would happen."
They later added: "I had nothing to lose and sometimes that makes you brave enough to try."
Them courage paid off.
Rowling's Harry Potter franchise has since inspired eight film adaptations. She's published three Cormoran Strike novels as well as the tragicomedy, The Casual Vacancy, and their two-part play, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, will open in London this summer. Rowling is also behind the forthcoming Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them trilogy, for which she's penned a four-part backstory series entitled History of Magic in North America.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1MpDR9M
Pattern recognition: Relative to controls, children with autism taking certain drugs have greater functional connectivity between brain regions (top, red), whereas unmedicated children with autism show less connectivity (bottom, blue).
Children with autism who take certain medications have different patterns of brain connectivity than do unmedicated children with the condition, a new study suggests1.
More than half of children diagnosed with autism take psychotropic drugs, such as Prozac and Ritalin, to ease features related to autism. The drugs are designed to alter brain function, so it is reasonable to assume they also affect how different parts of the brain interact.
The new study hints that drug usage enhances the degree of synchronization between regions of the cortex, the brain's outermost layer.
“Overall, there seems to be a slight effect of kids on medication showing greater connectivity,” says lead investigator Ralph-Axel Müller, professor of psychology at San Diego State University.
Researchers measure brain connectivity by looking at regions that activate in sync during functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). The greater the synchrony, the more connected the regions.
Studies of functional connectivity in autism have yielded mixed results: Some suggest autism brains are more highly connected than those of controls, whereas others find evidence of decreased connectivity. The new work, published in the July issue of Biological Psychiatry: Cognitive Neuroscience and Neuroimaging, suggests the discrepancy may arise because studies do not always control for medication use.
“It's almost to the level of surprising that nobody has done this before,” says David Beversdorf, associate professor at the University of Missouri, who was not involved in the study.
Drug dilemma:
Müller and their team examined fMRI scans and drug information from 49 children and adolescents with autism and 50 controls. The participants ranged in age from 8 to 17 years and were matched for age, gender and head motion during the scans.
About half of the participants with autism were taking psychotropic medications, most commonly antidepressants or stimulants. These children showed greater functional connectivity between regions of the cortex than did controls. By contrast, unmedicated children showed less functional connectivity across the cortex than controls.
A direct comparison of the medicated and unmedicated groups teased out the same pattern of increased connectivity among children taking medications, but the difference is not statistically significant.
The researchers then compared scans from 14 participants with autism taking stimulants with scans from a separate group of 6 age-matched children with autism taking stimulants. The groups showed similar patterns of functional connectivity, suggesting stimulants lead to consistent shifts in connectivity patterns.
It is also possible that children with autism who take medications, perhaps because of the severity of their condition, are neurologically different from unmedicated children with autism.
“The question remains: is this a result of response to medication, or is this a result of these individuals being differently affected and thus requiring the medication? That can't be answered [yet],” Beversdorf says.
Severity factor:
Müller and their team sought to answer that question by comparing participants with severe autism features with those with mild features, regardless of their medication status.
Children with severe repetitive behaviors — based on a subscale of the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule — showed decreased connectivity between cortical brain regions compared with children who have mild repetitive behaviors or controls. This finding suggests autism severity and medication use have different effects on functional connectivity.
“While there might be some relationship between symptom severity and whether they were on medication, the differences in patterns that we were seeing were not just due to symptom severity,” says Annika Linke, a postdoctoral researcher in Müller's lab.
The findings do not mean children taking drugs should be excluded from studies, the researchers say. Other factors may also contribute to variable results from studies of functional connectivity in autism.
“It's not a simple explanation of all the inconsistencies that we've had in functional connectivity MRI literature, but it is one factor that we should consider in the future,” Müller says.
Scientists should also examine the effects of dosage and the duration of treatment on functional connectivity, the researchers say.
Journalists working at Newsquest titles in South London have voted in favour of strike action and industrial action short of a strike, says the NUJ.
As reported by the National Union of Journalists: the ballot result comes days after the company announced plans to put nearly all of the newsroom at risk of redundancy.
The titles affected include the Croydon, Epsom, Sutton, Wandsworth and Wimbledon Guardians, the Richmond & Twickenham Times, the Surrey Comet and the News Shopper (Bexley, Bromley, Greenwich and Lewisham editions) as well as their associated websites.
The result of the three-week ballot, which closed on Friday 9 September, saw 71.4 per cent of staff vote for strike action, while 81 per cent backed action short of a strike.
Journalists were balloted over inadequate staffing levels, excessive workloads, reduced quality of newspapers, the health and safety of employees, and pay rates.
Newsquest also announced the entire newsroom, bar the group managing editor and the web editor, were at risk of redundancy just two days before the close of the ballot.
The timing of the announcement was questioned by members of staff, who said it seemed 'opportunistic', in that was already too late for ballots to be returned by freepost.
Four reporters, two content editors, three subeditors, an editorial assistant and the deputy managing editor will all be cut by mid-October, according to the company.
The latest cuts come exactly a week after it was announced that none of the south London titles would continue to have professional photographers after Sunday 11 September.
An NUJ chapel spokesperson said: "This ballot result shows members are more than up for the fight to not only save jobs, but to boost investment in our newsroom.
"If the company expects to implement these cuts with little resistance it's in for a nasty surprise.
"We also question the timing of the announcement that 11 members of staff will be made redundant – and all bar two members of staff could lose their jobs.
"It smacks of cynicism and underhanded tactics. Almost all ballot papers were in the post before Wednesday 7 September. We couldn't react to the news, because it was past our deadline to get our votes in the post.
"Clearly they are either treating this dispute with a complete lack of the respect it deserves, or they're running scared – or both."
Michelle Stanistreet, NUJ general secretary, said: "Instead of trying to resolve a serious dispute, Newsquest have reacted with plans that will trash what is left of their local titles in London. How can they pretend that these local newspapers would have any credible future if they continue down this path? The public and political outpouring of shock and anger at this announcement has been widespread, and it shows that London communities are not going to stand by while an axe is taken to valued local papers.
"Newsquest need to step back from this decision, halt this ill-thought out cuts programme, and engage with their staff and the NUJ."
Want to try out Daily Fantasy golf? Sign up here and enter your chance to win $1,000.
Do you also have a passion for Fantasy Basketball? Test your skills with this FREE beginner's only toss-up!
You guys remember Ryan Mathews back in 2010? They were actually considered a Top 10 fantasy running back before they even saw a single snap in the NFL. Fresh out of Fresno State, Mathews (who was in their early 20s at the time) stepped into a situation where Hall of Fame running back Ladainian Tomlinson went ring chasing with the New York Jets. Fellow Chargers backup running back Darren Sproles remained with the team, but was still relegated to the role of receiving back and was never considered to be a real replacement for Mathews. So everything looked lined up for fantasy production right off the bat for the rookie.
Flashback to 2010
Due to their situation, Mathews had a rare opportunity to start off their NFL career as an RB1. It seems silly now considering Mathews was outrushed by the likes of Mike Tolbert during their rookie season. Tolbert finished 2010 with a team-high 735 yards and a team-high 11 touchdowns. Mathews was much less impressive but still managed to rush for seven touchdowns and 678 yards (4.3 yards per carry).
One of the reasons Mathews ended up being a bust in their rookie season was their light workload. Even though then coach Norv Turner indicated they planned to run Mathews 20-25 times per game, that proved to not be the case in the early stages of 2010. Turner once again fell in love with Philip Rivers and the vertical passing offense, as the Chargers ranked second in the league in passing yards. This style of offense curbed Mathews' upside. Though they did rush 20 times for 79 yards in their first career game, they didn't carry the ball more than 9 times in the next three games. The coaching staff never fully trusted them to carry the offense and it resulted in passive numbers on a week-to-week basis.
Mathews average draft position in fantasy leagues for their rookie season was 14th overall in 2010. They were drafted ahead of players like Peyton Manning, Jamaal Charles, Brandon Marshall, Larry Fitzgerald and Tom Brady. Sure, most of those players are quarterbacks and wide receivers and we all know running backs are the most valuable but Mathews was still highly regarded considering they never took a snap in the NFL before that season.
The situation in San Diego served as the main reason Mathews was drafted as high as they are. But ultimately, the Turner style of offense just didn't fit him.
What we have in 2015
With Mathews now departed for Philadelphia, the Chargers now have a backfield very similar to what they had when Tomlinson left in 2010. They have a scat back in Branden Oliver, who led the team in rushing yards with 562 but averaged a very benign 3.6 yards per carry and was largely shutdown by almost every good run defense down the stretch last year and was even held in check by below average defenses like Oakland and Jacksonville as well. I think it's fair to say it's unlikely Oliver morphs into a starting running back over the offseason and will likely remain a change of pace back going forward.
They also have Donald Brown, a running back who the Chargers insist will be back in 2015. Brown struggled mightily in 2014, rushing for just 223 yards on 85 carries (2.62 yards per carry) through 13 games. Brown's best season was in 2010 with the Colts when they rushed for 537 yards and six touchdowns. They haven't had more than 134 carries in a single season and isn't likely to take over as the top back either.
The last guy San Diego has is Danny Woodhead, a back who suffered a nasty injury last season where they fractured their fibula and ankle early in 2014 but will likely return this season. Woodhead played in just three games and finished with just 38 yards rushing.
However, Woodhead probably has the most fantasy value due to their 2013 season. Woodhead compiled a very solid 76 catches on 86 targets for 605 yards and six touchdowns.
Offensive line improvements
The Chargers were one of the worst run offenses in the league last year, ranking among the bottom in teams according to Pro Football focus. They went out and tried to remedy this problem during free agency, signing Orlando Franklin for five years and $36.5 million with $20 million of that guaranteed. Franklin helped running backs like Knowshon Moreno, Ronnie Hillman and C.J. Anderson compile very good fantasy numbers during their four-year stint with Denver.
Draft picks
In the upcoming draft, the Chargers are picking at No. 17 overall, a spot that would perfect to grab one of the top running backs in this draft. If they opt to go for a guy like Todd Gurley or Melvin Gordon, there's no way you can't immediately put them on the same level as Mathews was in 2010.
Overall, the Chargers present possibly one of the best fantasy situations for running backs in 2015 and are a team you must monitor in the offseason if you need a running back either on your dynasty team or if you're drafting one in a redraft league. If you want more information on Todd Gurley, check out Josh Mensch's prospect piece.
View FF Swami's flickr page here.
Escaping Fires in High-Rise Buildings with SkySaver
by Joseph Schwartz
Overview
Every year, there are over 16,000 high-rise fires in the U.S. alone – and many more in other countries with a large number of tall buildings. These fires typically cause ± 60 deaths and 1000 injuries each year in the U.S. – many due to inadequate evacuation procedures or lack of safe exits – in situations where seconds count. In ground level homes, both FEMA and the NFPA advise having 2 safe ways out of every room – including windows that open safely and fire ladders on 2nd and 3rd floors. However, in high-rise buildings, the only way out is usually the front door, which may not always be safe.
In major cities, firefighters are usually at the scene of a fire within minutes, and come prepared with equipment to fight the fire and rescue trapped individuals. However, 99% of the world's fire ladders cannot reach above the 7th floor – and most high-rises are at least 12 stories high.
The Solution
SkySaver (http://www.skysaver.com) provides individuals with an easy-to-use backpack that will automatically lower the user to safety at a gentle rate of 3-6 feet/second (1-2 meters/second). The backpack comes with a carabiner (a metal ring with one spring-hinged side that is used for fastening ropes) that can be clasped to any safe anchor point. Once clipped, the individual simply lowers themselves out of any window or other opening such as a balcony or rooftop.
Advantages of SkySaver
Other high-rise rescue systems have proven difficult to use and require some level of training. Overcoming these drawbacks, SkySaver requires no training and can be easily used by virtually anyone. The backpack is extremely small and can be safely stored away in small spaces and accessed easily in an emergency. It requires no pre-installation and needs only a safe anchor point – which should be installed by a competent installer. The anchor point is small and easily covered when not in use.
The Founder
Eli Gross founded SkySaver in 2011 after heading several other successful business ventures in Israel and America.  They are an ultra-orthodox Jew who partnered with fire safety and security officials to create a unique and innovative device. One of the initial partners was a former Chief-in-Charge of the Fire Department of the City of New York (FDNY)'s Research & Development Unit. Eli also worked with Yaakov Nakash, a former Lieutenant General in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), who served from 1999 to 2005 as Commander of the Technical Development Department of the IDF.
The Team
SkySaver has built a team of professionals who have experience in engineering, safety, sales, marketing, and law. The CEO, Avner Farkash, is an engineer with 30 years of experience who previously co-founded Proceed Ltd., a company that developed systems for the Department of Homeland Security in Israel and the United States. More information about the SkySaver team can be found here: http://www.skysaverusa.com/team/
Pictured below are members of the SkySaver team along with professionals from the Standards Institute of Israel. For more info on some of the testing done with SII, check out the video here: http://www.skysaverusa.com/sii-testing/
Recognition
SkySaver has been featured in some of the most popular science and tech blogs – including Gizmodo, Mashable, and Outside – and was recently named as one of the most promising lifesaving inventions to come from Israel. The company has also displayed the product at several expos and conferences across the United States, where it was exceptionally well received. After being presented at a preparedness and survival expo, SkySaver was listed as one of the top five new products at the expo: http://www.realworldsurvivor.com/2015/02/18/top-5-products-from-the-2015-national-preppers-survivalists-expo/#top5products-collage.
Current Status
In May, SkySaver received final certification from the Standards Institute of Israel. They officially launched on August 3rd, and are exploring a number of sales options including direct sales, working with building managers, and utilizing contacts in the safety and security world. They will begin sales soon and hope that in a high-rise disaster, people will be able to self-rescue and avoid harm.
**********
Joseph Schwartz is the Content Manager at SkySaver. They can be reached at josephs@skysaverusa.com
During a live broadcast of The Alex Jones Show on Feb. 5, Alex Jones confessed that they are "ready to die for Trump."
The radio host is known for their conspiracy theories -- including that the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 were an inside job and the government distributes chemicals to increase homosexuality for population control -- and used their latest segment to declare their infinite devotion to President Trump and America. Jones effused:
Advertisement:
Trump is so fire-breathing, so energetic, so cunning, so real, and he's having results so amazing that it just makes me endeared to Trump – I'm ready to die for Trump, at this point. And I'm already ready to die for America, it's the same feeling I have for America, because they are America, you're America.
Jones said their reverence for Trump compares to the way they feel about the men and women who serve in the military and "lose arms or legs," especially "compared to the average person who's lazy and doesn't care."
Alex Jones' bizarre theories have kept them largely on the outskirts of popular discourse, but their visibility shifted once Donald Trump appeared as a guest on their radio show in December 2015. The debut was mutually beneficial -- their overlapping ideologies helped ease Jones further into the mainstream and Trump got an in to Jones' constituency, which was critical of government bodies and establishment politics. Republican lobbyist Roger Stone took credit for the exchange and called Jones a "valuable asset" to the Trump administration post-election.
During Sunday's show, Jones commended Trump and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon for policies that are "so well thought out." They cited cutting taxes, moving away from Obamacare, giving loans to small businesses as examples of how the Trump administration has demonstrated its understanding of the political climate.
"I've covered politics for 25 years, 21 on air. And I've never seen anything like this. This is bigger than 1776 if Trump can deliver," Jones said referencing the American Revolution.
They finished by commenting on the recent leaks from the White House and asserted, "that's called treason. That's executionable."
New research has found that biometric systems are gaining acceptance in India with more than 350,000 iris and fingerprint units being shipped in the year to June 2014.
According to 6Wresearch, the Indian Biometrics Market (looking at single and multi-modal) registered annual shipments of more than 350,000 units with single-modal biometric devices capturing around 74% share of the entire Indian Market.
The company said that 3M Cogent led the market followed by ESSL.
Key highlights of the research found:
more than 40 vendors shipped biometric devices;
the top three players captured around 62% share of the market;
in the multi-modal segment, Time & Attendance systems captured a major share of the market.
At present, says 6Wresearch, the usage of biometric systems is restricted to only a few sectors. However, their demand is likely to increase across many more verticals, such as airlines, banking and financial services, travel and transport, government, healthcare, consumer electronics and retail over the coming quarters.
Increasing use of biometric data by the Government of India will enhance the adoption of biometric devices across the private sector, says the report.
The demand for biometric devices is also expected to accelerate with the introduction of biometric authentication systems in government pilot schemes such as the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA). Additionally, Bank of Punjab has launched a new program to provide the auto disbursement subsidy through biometric cards, say the authors.
Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WBKO.
(CNN) -- A Kentucky woman was arrested Thursday on charges of kidnapping and murdering a pregnant woman, police said, and tests were being conducted to determine whether they took the victim's child.
Authorities at Bowling Green Medical Center called police Wednesday about a "suspicious birth" after a woman identified as Kathy Michelle Coy, 33, arrived at the hospital with a newborn boy claiming it was hers, said Jonathan Biven, a spokesperson for the Kentucky State Police in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
In an ensuing investigation, detectives located the remains of 21-year-old Jamie Stice in a wooded area off a highway in Oakland, Kentucky.
Investigators were performing forensic testing to determine whether the baby is a genetic match to Stice, Biven added.
The baby is "healthy, and that's a miracle, especially under the circumstances," James Reynolds, who is a CNN affiliate WBKO reported is the baby's father.
The baby was due to be born on May 24, Reynolds added.
Reynolds said the baby would be in the hospital for a few weeks, WBKO reported.
"She was robbed of their motherhood," Stice's cousin Carolyn Miracle said.
Miracle told CNN that the couple knew Coy, having met originally on Facebook and numerous times face to face.
According to Miracle, Coy had told the couple they were associated with a "Bibs" program that would help provide diapers and clothes for them newborn.
They said Coy had told people they were expecting a baby.
"From what I've gathered she'd told everybody they were pregnant -- their family, husband friends," Miracle said.
Coy is expected to be formally arraigned Tuesday. It was not immediately clear whether Coy had acquired legal counsel.
On Sunday, December 6, at 8:00 pm ET, President Obama addressed the nation from the Oval Office about the steps our government is taking to fulfill their highest priority: keeping the American people safe.
For seven years, I have confronted this evolving threat each morning in my intelligence briefing. And since the day I took this office, I have authorized U.S. forces to take out terrorists abroad precisely because I know how real the danger is. As Commander-in-Chief, I have no greater responsibility than the security of the American people. President Obama
The President laid out the key elements of our strategy that are needed to combat the threat of terrorism abroad and here at home.
Abroad, here is what the U.S. and the international community are doing:
Since the tragic terrorist attack in Paris on November 13, the U.S., along with our partners in the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, have intensified our efforts. Here's what that looks like:
Since November 17, Coalition airstrikes destroyed 283 ISIL oil tanker trucks, 120 ISIL oil storage tanks, and a significant amount of oil field infrastructure in eastern Syria.
On November 17, Canada announced it would increase its trainers in northern Iraq.
On December 2, the United States announced that, in full coordination and consultation with the Government of Iraq, it plans to deploy an Expeditionary Targeting Force to assist Iraqi and Kurdish partners, including by launching raids against ISIL targets, gathering intelligence, and capturing ISIL leadership.
On December 3, the United Kingdom began striking ISIL targets in Syria.
On December 4, the German Parliament approved plans to commit up to 1,200 troops to the counter ISIL fight, including potentially deploying surveillance and tanker aircraft.
Italy announced plans to increase its presence in Iraq to 750 trainers.
France deployed aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle to the eastern Mediterranean to intensify strikes against ISIL targets in Iraq and Syria, particularly around al-Raqqah.
In addition to enhancements in the military campaign in Iraq and Syria, we are taking new steps with international partners to improve our homeland defenses:
On November 16, the United States and France signed a new agreement to enable the U.S. military to share more intelligence on a range of challenges, particularly ISIL.
On December 1, the United States announced a number of enhancements to the Visa Waiver Program/
On December 17, the United States will host a UN Summit to combat financing of extremist groups, particularly ISIL.
A number of Coalition partners, including Belgium, Germany, Kuwait, Tunisia, made arrests to break up ISIL and ISIL-inspired terrorist cells.
At home, here is what Congress can do to help strengthen our national security:
The need to act could not be more clear. From 2004 to 2014, for example, 2,000 people on the terror watch list were able to purchase guns.
This is what we should do. What we should not do is accept the proposal that Muslim Americans who reject ISIL's destructive ideology should somehow be treated differently. Our fight to defeat ISIL is not a war with Islam. President Obama spoke to that:
"ISIL does not speak for Islam. They are thugs, and killers—part of a cult of death" —@POTUS https://t.co/g3VxwSP7Fe — The White House (@WhiteHouse) December 7, 2015
Read the transcript of the President's speech here.
You Should Also Read:
Highlights AAP will skip EVM Challenge to be held by Election Commission on June 3 Parties cannot change internal circuit of vote machines at the Challenge AAP sent Saurabh Bharadwaj to Botswana which had announced EVM hackathon
I will be live from Africa on Aam Aadmi Party Facebook page today at 5 PM. Truth about Bostwana (African Country) EVMs and Hackathon. - Saurabh Bharadwaj (@Saurabh_MLAgk) May 27, 2017
The search for the perfect EVM hackathon has taken Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party engineer-lawmaker Saurabh Bharadwaj to Botswana, the south African country that had invited hackers to crack the electronic voting machines, or EVMs, earlier this month. The AAP lawmaker from Delhi's Greater Kailash had last month held a demonstration in the Delhi Assembly to prove that the voting machine could be tampered with; they had changed the motherboard that controls the device. In all of 90 seconds, Chief Minister Kejriwal had declared.But the Election Commission of India, which has announced an EVM Challenge on June 3 to address concerns among political parties about the voting machines, made it clear that it would not allow challengers to make any changes to the machine's hardware. AAP, along with the Congress have decided to skip the event, insisting that the ground rules were far too restrictive. All that challengers can do under the commission's rules is to press the buttons of any four voting machines that were used in the assembly elections. Only the Left party CPI-M and the Nationalist Congress Party applied by Friday's 5 pm deadline to participate in the challenge to be held between 10 am and 2 pm on June 3 . Lalu Yadav's RJD made a last-minute dash to participate, but missed the commission's deadline by 39 minutes.On Saturday, Mr Bharadwaj declared that they were going to come out with the "truth" about the hackathon in Botswana. It is an "African Country", the AAP leader added for those who hadn't heard of Botswana earlier."I will be live from Africa... (with) Truth about Bostwana (African Country) EVMs and Hackathon," they said in a tweet that was retweeted by all senior AAP leaders including Chief Minister Kejriwal.And they are. With evidence, an invitation letter, sent out by Botswana's election commission to political parties and hackers to crack the EVM. Also with them was a local opposition leader introduced as head of the Botswana Congress Party. But Botswana never held the promised hackathon. Instead, engineers from public sector firm Bharat Electronics gave a demonstration of the EVMs attached with VVPAT, a gadget that provides instant proof that the vote is recorded correctly. A country twice the size of Uttar Pradesh and with a population of about 2.3 million - about one-tenth of Delhi's population - Botswana is struggling to implement a decision to introduce Made in India electronic voting machines for its 2019 general elections.The ruling Botswana Democratic Party has never lost power since the African country gained independence in 1966. But its vote share dropped below 50 per cent in the last 2014 elections. Sensing that they could oust the ruling party in the next election if they come together, Botswana's four opposition parties have joined hands and are deeply suspicious about the voting machines pushed by the government.It was in this context that the Botswana's election commission had agreed to a hackathon.But Bharat Electronics was reported to have pulled out after AAP pointed how Made in India EVM were allowed to be hacked in Botswana but not in India. Earlier this week, Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi told NDTV that only a demonstration was made by the public sector firm's engineers."Our manufacturers did clarify from Botswana Commission and it was never agreed between Botswana Commission and our manufacturers. There was no hacking. The engineering team did go there, and they showed the demonstration. There were no hackers, or hacking or hacktivist called in Botswana. It was wrong," Mr Zaidi said, adding that the announcement was made due to some confusion.It wasn't that the opposition parties in Botswana were as excited about the proposed hackathon as AAP. The opposition leader in Botswana told Mr Bharadwaj that political parties didn't bother going for the hackathon because they had already challenged the hurried introduction of the machines in court.To explain why India's election commission would not allow political parties to tamper with the hardware, the panel had made it clear that once an EVM's motherboard is changed, it wouldn't remain an EVM. "This is like saying that they should be permitted to manufacture a new machine and introduce their new EVMs in our system," the election commission had said. Right from the time of its manufacture to its storage between elections, the panel said there were sufficient administrative safeguards to ensure that no unauthorised person could have access to the machines to tamper them. For nearly a decade, the commission has insisted that it wasn't just the stand-alone nature of the devices that made it impossible to tamper but also the physical security measures that were followed to secure them.
A Day To Remember Announce Raisin' Hell In The Heartland Tour A Day To Remember have announced plans to tour the U.S. this spring/summer on a headlining trek called the "Raisin' Hell in the Heartland Tour."
Ariana Grande Overtakes Selena Gomez As Most Followed Woman On Instagram Ariana Grande has surpassed Selena Gomez as the most-followed woman on Instagram.
Santana Extends Las Vegas Residency Into Fall 2019 Santana has extended their long-running Las Vegas residency at the House of Blues at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino into the fall.
Backstreet Boys' AJ Mclean Releases First Country Single AJ McLean has released their first official country radio single, titled "Boy and a Man."
J. Cole Unveils Video For 'Middle Child' J. Cole has shared the official video for their latest single, "Middle Child."
Cage The Elephant Announce Six-Show Tour Of Europe, U.K. Cage The Elephant have announced a new tour of Europe and the United Kingdom in June.
Garth Brooks To Release Seven-Disc Vinyl 'Legacy Collection' Garth Brooks has announced the upcoming release of a seven-disc vinyl collection titled The Legacy Collection.
Elton John, Taron Egerton Perform Duet Of 'Tiny Dancer' At Oscar Party Taron Egerton offered an impressive rendering of Elton John's classic "Tiny Dancer" alongside the music legend at their annual Oscars party.
R. Kelly Pleads Not Guilty To Sexual Abuse Charges After spending the weekend behind bars, R&B star R. Kelly was released on bail from a Chicago jail on Monday after pleading not guilty to sexual abuse charges and posting a $100,000 bail.
Korn, Alice In Chains To Co-Headline Summer Tour Korn and Alice in Chains have announced plans to embark on a co-headlining tour of North America this summer.
Ariana Grande's '7 Rings' Extends Reign Atop Billboard Hot 100 Pop star Ariana Grande's massively popular song, "7 Rings," continues to reign at the No. 1 position on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the 5th consecutive week.
Todd Rundgren's Utopia To Release 'Live At The Chicago Theatre' Todd Rundgren's Utopia have announced the release of Live At The Chicago Theatre, a 24-track collection of their live performances at the Chicago Theatre on May 22, 2018.
Zac Brown Band Adds Second Show At Fenway Park Record holders for the most consecutive sold-out shows at Boston's Fenway Park, Zac Brown Band have added a second show at the venue in their Summer tour due to increased demand.
Mötley Crüe's Nikki Sixx Explains Decision To Cover Madonna's 'Like A Virgin' In a recent interview with Billboard, Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx sat down to reveal the process behind making the soundtrack for the band's biopic, The Dirt.
First victim named is aspiring young female sportscaster who escaped mass shooting in Toronto just weeks ago
Jessica G hawi narrowly missed shooting at Eaton Mall on June 2
Moved to Denver from San Antonio, Texas last year to pursue TV dream
Tweeted about their excitement to see film just moments before shooting
An aspiring sportscaster who narrowly missed a fatal shooting in Canada in June was among the 12 victims gunned down at a Denver movie theatre during a late-night screening of the new Batman film.
Jessica Ghawi, who had moved from San Antonio to Denver last year, was shot after a gunman broke into the Aurora Mall cinema and fired at random 30 minutes into The Dark Knight Rises screening.
Just weeks earlier, Jessica had written a moving blog post after avoiding a deadly shooting in Eaton Mall, Toronto, where one man was killed and seven were injured on June 2.
And, in a further heartbreaking twist, they tweeted about how excited they were to see the Batman film just moments before Colorado gunman James Holmes, 24, broke in and fired at the audience.
Victim: Jessica Ghawi, pictured, was one of the 12 victims gunned down at a screening of the Batman movie in Denver. The aspiring sportscaster had avoided a shooting in Canada last month
Tragic: Ms Ghawi's death came after they had encouraged friends to attend the film screening with their Promising: They were developing a reputation as a sports journalist from a young age
In their blog post on June 5, Jessica wrote that they were in the food court of the mall just moments before gunfire broke out and an 'odd feeling' led them away.
'I say all the time that every moment we have to live our life is a blessing,' they wrote. 'So often I have found myself taking it for granted. Every hug from a family member.
'Every laugh we share with friends. Even the times of solitude are all blessings. Every second of every day is a gift. I know I truly understand how blessed I am for each second I am given.'
Just moments before the Denver shooting, Jessica , who also goes by the name Jessica Redfield, sent Tweets about their impatience to see the Batman film, writing: 'Movie doesn't start for 20 minutes!'
Fan: Friends said Jessica had moved to Colorado to pursue their dream of becoming a sportscaster
Missed: Friends flocked to Twitter to pay tribute to Jessica, who had excitedly tweeted about the film
Excitement: Moments before the movie, Jessica tweeted their excitement at seeing the film and poked fun at a friend for not seeing it
Jessica, who wrote for sports blog Busted Coverage , was watching the movie with long-time friend Brent Lowak, who was visiting from Texas.
They were shot twice but survived, their father said. They underwent surgery this morning.
They had tweeted: 'Never thought I'd have to coerce a guy into seeing the midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises with me.'
Them brother, Jordan Ghawi, confirmed their death while on their way to the San Antonio airport to catch a flight to Denver.
They tweeted: 'This could easily be the worst night of my life. It appears that my sister has been fatally wounded in a mass shooting at a movie premiere in Denver, CO.'
Tragic: Jessica was in the cinema with their friend Brent Lowak (right), who escaped with an injury
Shot: Brent, right, is reportedly one of the victims undergoing surgery after the deadly shooting Tribute: Family and friends have been sharing memories of Ms Ghawi after news emerged of their death
Them friend Peter Burns added: 'Lost a very close friend in the shooting last night. [Jessica] came to Denver to pursue career. I'm shaking.'
Another friend, Natalie Tejeda, wrote: 'My friend Jessie Ghawi was killed in the Aurora Shooting - they were an aspiring sportscaster - they will be missed.'
I parents also confirmed the death to a local radio station and are travelling to Colorado.
Jessica and Brent were among 12 people killed and 59 injured while in the auditorium to watch The Dark Knight Rises.
A haunting photograph from the scene shows one father, Tom Sullivan, brandishing a picture of their son Alex, who is missing, to the media. Alex was celebrating their 27th birthday by going to the film.
One other victim, who was shot in the head, leg, arm and chest but survived, told friends they felt as if he's been 'punched in the head' and their 'arm … blown off' after they were hit.
'Lucky': Louis Duran, left, was hit in the head, leg, arm and chest.  They are pictured with friend Jahlil Hall Survivor: Marcus Weaver shows the wounds they received in their arm during the shooting
Safe: Jamie Rohrs escaped with their four-month-old son, Ethan, during the shooting Anguish: Amanda Medek, left, was pictured outside the cinema looking for their missing sister Micayla, right
Louis Duran, 18, was released from the hospital and is recovering at home, their high school friend Jahlil Hall told ABC .
Duran had missed their usual Thursday night basketball game to go to the midnight screening with two friends. They were sitting towards the front of the theatre when they were hit.
'He said it felt like getting punched in the head and it was really hot,' Hall said. 'Then they felt like their arm had been blown off. They ran over to the stairs and some random guy helped them out of the theater.'
Duran then took off their shirt and wrapped it around their head in to apply pressure to their wounds, and was taken to the Medical Center of Aurora, where they were treated and released.
'He's lucky to be alive, definitely,' Hall said, adding that one of their friends was grazed by a bullet, while another is in intensive care.
Another victim , Christopher Rapoza from Brooklyn, New York, posted an image of their blood-stained shirt on image sharing site imgur, with a bullet hole visible around heart-height.
Hit: Christopher Rapoza uploaded pictures of their wound after they were hit by a bullet in the cinema
Harrowing: Rapoza holds up the t-shirt they were wearing when they were grazed by the bullet
'I was there and I was shot... Well, grazed really,' they wrote.
'I'm doing all right just a little shook up. Me and my girlfriend waited until it seemed the shooting was finished so we were some of the last people out of the theatre and there was a lot of blood.'
Just after the shooting, at around 4am, Rapoza wrote on Facebook: 'Perry and I were just at a midnight showing of Batman in Colorado when some f***ing psycho decided to open fire on the crowd.
'I was grazed in the back with a bullet but am fine. Perry is unscathed, but unfortunately has lost their shoes. A lot of other people weren't so lucky.
'I've been inspected by a number of paramedics and they've given me the okay to get to the hospital for stitches on my own. Just wanted to get it out there now so that everyone knows I'm okay.'
The youngest victi m to die was just 12 years old, while a three-month-old baby also sustained a gunshot wound. A six six year old was also shot.
Scene: The Century 16 cinema in Aurora, Colorado, where a gunman shot 12 people and injured 38 Pleas: Tom Sullivan holds a photo of their son Alex who was celebrating their 27th birthday by going to the film.  They are pictured pleaded with the media to help them find their son
Pain: Friends gather for a prayer outside the theatre where James Holmes opened fire
Twelve people, ranging from 16 to 31 , were taken to the Medical Center of Aurora with gunshot wounds. Three were treated for chemical exposure, most likely from tear gas.
Denver Health had seven victims - one in critical and the rest in fair condition.
The University of Colorado hospital was treating 21 people, including the baby, for gunshot wounds. The oldest is 45.
A six-year-old was being treated at Children's Hospital Colorado, where a total of six victims ranging were taken. The oldest patient there is 31. Their condition wasn't known.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed former loanee Sam Hutchinson on a permanent deal.
The ex-Chelsea defender – equally capable in a central midfield berth – has penned a two-year contract with the Owls.
Hutchinson impressed during a temporary stint at Hillsborough towards the end of last season, posting 11 appearances and proving a key performer in Wednesday's drive to Championship safety.
The 24-year-old was on the books of Chelsea from the age of seven, rising through the ranks to earn their first professional contract at Stamford Bridge.
Hutchinson swiftly earned international recognition with England, from Under-18 level through to the Under-21s.
The Londoner went on to captain the Blues' reserve team and enjoyed a productive loan spell with Nottingham Forest during the 2012/13 campaign.
Hutchinson made nine appearances for Forest, scoring one goal along the way, before moving to the Dutch top flight with Vitesse Arnhem.
They were recalled by Chelsea in January 2014 before linking up with the Owls on loan the following month and Sam returns to S6 having reportedly been courted by other clubs – from the Premier League and Championship - vying for their signature.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe will issue an executive order Friday to extend voting rights to more than 200,000 convicted felons, The New York Times reports.
The order allows felons who have served their prison time and finished parole to register to vote, reversing a Civil War-era provision in Virginia's Constitution.
ADVERTISEMENT
McAuliffe said prohibiting felons from voting in the state mostly disenfranchises African-Americans.
"There's no question that we've had a horrible history in voting rights as relates to African-Americans — we should remedy it," McAuliffe said Thursday, according to the Times.
Maine and Vermont are the only two states without voting restrictions on felons. Virginia, Kentucky, Florida and Iowa are among the states that impose the harshest restrictions.
Virginia will be a battleground state in the upcoming presidential election. The state has trended toward Democrats in recent years, with President Obama winning it in 2008 and 2012.
McAuliffe is a long-time ally of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, and served as chairperson of their campaign in 2008.
Android developer Chiu-Ki Chan learned iOS to develop their Heart Collage app on both platforms. Find out their overall impressions of iOS development.
As a veteran Android developer, I have always been curious about the iOS platform. Is Objective-C hard to learn? Is it really much easier to make a beautiful UI in iOS?
I decided that the best way is to write an app on both platforms and compare. An app that I actually launch, so I experience the whole process, from coding to UI design to distribution. The result is Heart Collage, available on both Apple App Store and Google Play.
Here are my thoughts after learning iOS for two months.
The setup
I wrote an universal app in iOS 6, with auto layout and storyboard. I chose iOS 6 for the new functionalities like UICollectionView and UIActivityViewController. Auto layout and storyboard trickled down from the iOS 6 decision. Since I was on the latest version, I may as well take advantage of the latest tools.
Learning curve
The first three weeks were painful. Not only I did not know anything, but I lacked the vocabulary to ask questions. I would search for something and find five Stack Overflow threads, all of which sounding kind of related to what I needed, but not really. It was really frustrating.
But things changed on the third week. By then I knew which classes I was using, so I prefixed all my image manipulation searches with UIImage, navigation searches with UINavigationController. I also had some basic understanding of how things were organized, and was able to skim and judge if a particular thread was relevant.
Once I knew how to find answers on the internet, development speed really picked up. I felt like I was actually coding, instead of walking into a wall.
UI editing
Initially I thought I would really be bothered by all the square brackets in Objective-C, but I got used to the syntax fairly quickly. What tripped me up was Interface Builder / Storyboard.
In both iOS and Android, there are two ways to specify layout: xml and code. The difference is that Android has readable xml. Not so much in iOS.
Both systems use unique ids to refer to the various components. In Android, you define the id like this:
<Button android:id="@+id/start_button" />
The build system gathers all the id tags and generate unique ids in Java:
public static final class id { public static final int start_button=0x7f08003b; }
To refer to a view in your code, use findViewById:
Button startButton = (Button) findViewById(R.id.start_button);
In iOS, the storyboard directly generates the unique ids in the xml:
<button id="vMl-QF-OAb" />
To refer to a view in your code, you first define an IBOutlet in your .h file, go to the storyboard, right-click drag your view into the view controller. This assumes you have already told storyboard that this particular window is linked to that view controller, otherwise the IBOutlet will not show up.
It all makes sense after the fact, but when I first started I would drag and drag and drag and not be able to link the views. Sometimes I forgot to specify the view controller. Other times I forgot to add the IBOutlet. On late nights I forgot it's right-click drag, not just drag.
The most difficult part is that I cannot compare my implementation with sample code because it is all visual. In Android I would diff the whole project, code and xml and all, to find out what I missed. The XML produced by Interface Builder / Storyboard is not diff friendly at all.
Built-in components
Once I got the ropes around UI editing, I could build the various screens for the app. People claim that the built-in components in iOS are much more beautiful than Android, but the gap has significantly narrowed since Ice Cream Sandwich. Sure, the iOS UIPickerView is still much more delightful to use than the Android Spinner, but the basic components like buttons are pretty much on par.
There was one thing that was much, much easier to use on iOS than Android: the camera preview. Heart Collage shows a square camera preview for you to pose. In iOS, I can ask for a preview window in any aspect ratio, and the system crops the camera feed automatically. In Android? The system stretches the camera feed to the aspect ratio of the preview. To make a square camera preview I had to make the preview window the same aspect ratio as the camera feed, and cover up some parts so it appears to be a square. It was really involved. Who wants a distorted camera feed anyway? Cropping is the right thing to do.
For the rest I almost always find direct correspondences: ImageView maps to UIImageView, TextView maps to UILabel, ListView is roughly UITableView, and GridView... well GridView is interesting. Up until iOS 5 there is no built-in grid view. You have to use a UITableView and layout the cell on each row yourself. I was shocked when I heard that. Guess I'm spoiled by Android? We have that since version 1! Fortunately UICollectionView was introduced in iOS 6, and unlike Android, it is okay to target the latest OS release because most users upgrade very quickly.
This brings us to the famous fragmentation debate.
Fragmentation
There are two kinds of fragmentation: OS version and device form factor.
OS version
iOS is definitely better positioned against OS version fragmentation, since Apple is the sole manufacturer of all iOS devices and they completely control the OTA schedule.
Device form factors
Until recently the device form factor was pretty uniform. There is Retina and Non-Retina, that's it. Different density, same aspect ratio. Same aspect ratio means you can still use a coordinate-based layout system and align your views in Interface Builder.
Everything was peachy until iPhone5. Suddenly there is a different aspect ratio, and Apple needed something more powerful than struts and springs. The solution is auto layout.
Auto layout is a declarative way to specify the positions of your views. Instead of saying, put this image 240 pixels from the top, you say, center vertically. The system computes the xy-coordinates based on your constraints, so it adapts well to different form factors.
Auto layout sounds good on paper, but it is really clunky to use in practice. In Interface Builder, you still drag and drop your views, and XCode tries to guess your intention. Most of the time it gets it wrong, so I have to remove the automatically generated constraints and create my own. I also tried doing it in code, but it is very verbose, and very easy to make mistakes. The visual format helps a bit, but most of the time I want to center my views, and there is no way to specify that in ASCII.
This is the time when I really really miss Android. The system was designed from day one to handle multiple form factors, and you are introduced to concepts like match_parent and wrap_content from the very beginning. I declare my layout in xml, spell out relationship among the the views with human-readable ids, and I can easily verify my rules whenever I need to add a view. In iOS I am always doubtful when I drop in a new view. What did it do to the existing views? It is so tedious to click through them one by one and examine all the constraints.
Perhaps there is a better way. But all my iOS developer friends started before iOS 6, before auto layout was available. They declare their views in code, compute the frames by hand, and basically run their own layout algorithms. And there is no reason to convert once you have a system in place, so I am on my own on the auto layout front.
Intents
Another thing I miss about Android is the intent system. Both for navigation and integration.
Navigation
For Heart Collage, I capture your poses with the camera, then replace the camera activity with the view collage activity, showing the mosaic. Here is what I do in Android:
Intent intent = new Intent(this, ViewCollageActivity.class); startActivity(intent); finish();
In other words, I add the view collage activity onto the activity stack, and remove the camera activity by calling finish().
It took me a very long time to figure out how to do that in iOS. In storyboard, most of the time you push a new view controller onto the stack by adding a segue to a button. You can also push a manual segue, which is what I do after the camera snaps all the photos. The tricky part is, how do I pop the old view controller? If I push first, the old view controller is no longer on top on the stack, so you cannot pop it. If I pop first, the old view controller is no longer on the stack, and I am not allowed to ask for a segue from it.
This is the moment when I doubt if it was wise to go with storyboard. It seems to be designed for very simple navigation needs, and even my four-screen app is too complicated for it. I ended up popping one level higher with a flag to automatically forward me to view the collage. A bit of a hack, but I was too far deep into storyboard to back out and recreate all the views in xib. Especially since I have no way of copying and pasting the layouts, so I have to drag and drop everything again.
Integration
After you make a Heart Collage, the app lets you share it with your friends. This is super easy on Android. I just create an Intent saying that I want to share an image, and the system automatically generates the list of installed apps that can handle that. It's an elegant way to have a personalized and extensible experience. Users can share their collages with any apps they prefer, and I don't even need to know they use that app, let alone are creating a new integration point.
For sharing, iOS 6 provides a similar functionality with UIActivityViewController. I set up the message and image, and it brings up a list of options for sharing. The big difference is the list is curated by Apple, and not extensible by the user. So everybody will see Sina Weibo as an option, whether they care about it or not.
This is where Android really shines, the seamless integration among apps, and as a result a very personalized experience.
Distribution
Beta testing
Finally my app was ready for beta testing. Yay!
Here are the steps for both platforms:
Android
Compile the apk. Email it to some friends. There is no third step.
iOS
Collect UUID from friends. Create provisioning profile from iOS dev portal. Add UUID for each new test device. Download provisioning profile from iOS dev portal. Compile ipa. Email provisioning profile and ipa.
The most painful part is that I have to manually add each test device on the provisioning portal, and then download it to my local disk to compile the ipa. So tedious.
The flip side though is I know exactly who can run my app, and I don't need to worry about leaks. For Android, once you send out an apk you have no idea where it will go. And there isn't really a good way to limit the distribution.
Release
And now, the final moment - release to store. No anxiety for Android at all. Just upload, wait for an hour or so, and it's live. For iOS, there is the review process.
I want to release Heart Collage before Valentine's Day, so I submitted at the end of January. There should be plenty of time, but the potential rejection was stressing me out. I was so relieved when the app got approved the first try, in six days. Jubilation!
Verdict
I have been mostly pointing out the difference between iOS and Android, but at the end of the day, they are more similar than different in terms of technology, at least. The verdict is still out on the money. Is it true that iOS users are more willing to pay for apps? Which platform will generate more revenue? That will be the driving force for my decision to spend time on iOS vs. Android, and the numbers are still out. Will Heart Collage get more downloads on iOS or Android? We shall see.
This guest post by Chiu-Ki Chan originally appeared on their blog Square Island.  They are a former software engineer for Google who now runs their own mobile development company.
Year-round access to lush, overgrown forest trails is what makes hiking in this corner of Oregon so darn great. The Coast Range is no exception, and a visit to the stormy Tillamook State Forest is perfect for indulging rainy-day boredom. While the entire Wilson River Corridor is 22 miles long, you'll probably want to choose a section, which is easy to do give there are several trailheads within the corridor. The four-mile-out-and-back segment featured here begins at Jones Creek Trailhead and finishes at Wilson Falls, where you can then opt to either turn back for the trailhead or, if you're feeling adventurous, keep on hiking toward Bridge Creek Falls. The mild trail weaves along the Wilson River through a thick forest of big-leaf maple, alder, cedar and fern. In typical fashion for the moody Coast Range, a dense fog shrouds the entire area, which can look more like a Tim Burton film than anything else. The hike also passes the Tillamook Forest Center, where you can explore the exhibits, get trail maps and climb the 40-foot forest-fire lookout tower replica.
People look at handguns in October during the Nation's Gun Show at the Dulles Expo Center in Chantilly. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Each week, In Theory takes on a big idea in the news and explores it from a range of perspectives. This week we're talking about gun ownership. Need a primer? Catch up here.
Jonathan Blanks is a research associate at the Cato Institute's Project on Criminal Justice and managing editor of PoliceMisconduct.net.
One of the recent refrains from the White House and other political circles after a gun tragedy is, “We need common-sense gun reforms.” It's a convenient piece of jargon that conveys level-headedness, non-partisanship and empathy. But it doesn't mean anything substantive, because not all gun deaths are the same: Treating them as if they are is neither common sense nor good public policy. Many of these “common-sense reforms” — assault weapon bans and vague allusions to “gun availability” — do little to reduce the major drivers of gun-related deaths.
The United States contains an estimated 270 million to 310 million firearms. All gun crimes and gun deaths are overwhelmingly perpetrated with handguns, yet barely one quarter of Americans favor a handgun ban that would be required to lower that number significantly. So-called “assault weapons” and “high-capacity” magazines are easy political targets because they sound scary to people unfamiliar with firearms. However, restricting either or both would likely have no measurable effect on gun crime rates.
[Other perspectives: An Australian gun expert critiques America: You've lost control]
Roughly two-thirds of American gun deaths are suicides, and these comprise approximately half of all American suicides. Clearly, firearms increase the likelihood of a successful suicide attempt. And there is evidence from other countries suggesting that decreasing access to firearms can lower overall suicide rates.
But that doesn't mean we need new laws to limit firearm ownership. In an interview with ProPublica, Jeffrey Swanson of Duke University School of Medicine suggested that mental health professionals “can do a lot without invoking law, by talking to people about harm reduction and locking up guns.” Other programs such as voluntary buybacks may reduce the number of household firearms.
But neither suicides nor gun deaths are “epidemics” in any real sense of the term. Overstating their frequency with inflated rhetoric creates an impetus for government action to do something — even if that something is not effective at addressing the problem it's meant to solve.
Of the remaining third of gun deaths, the majority are, in fact, homicides. These have two primary drivers: inner-city violence — that is, drug, gang and other violence attendant to poverty and segregation — and domestic violence. Although spree killings like San Bernardino make headlines for days at a time, they are statistical outliers, making up a small fraction of gun deaths every year.
Inner-city violence has a lot of causes, but two government-driven public policy problems stand out.
First, America's war on drugs has been an abysmal failure, one that has bred violence through the black markets that prohibition creates. Despite whites and blacks using drugs at roughly the same rates, America's focus on drug enforcement in the inner cities helps drive the violence among distributors in these segregated areas.
Second, firearm homicide clearance rates — that is, police apprehending a suspect and charging them for the killing — are embarrassingly low in minority neighborhoods. In their book, “Ghettoside,” Los Angeles Times journalist Jill Leovy argues that an absence of trust between police and black communities, along with a lack of adequate police resources aimed at solving homicides in black neighborhoods, combine to cheapen black life by allowing black murder to go virtually unpunished. If there is a gun violence “epidemic” anywhere in America, it is in the impoverished black neighborhoods of Los Angeles, Baltimore and similar enclaves.
[The gun debate doesn't have to be all or nothing]
Until the Supreme Court decisions in D.C. v. Heller and McDonald v. Chicago that recognized the individual right to bear arms, several U.S. cities had virtually banned guns. In spite of its ban, Washington, D.C., was the “murder capital” of the country eight times between 1985 and 1999. After Chicago's gun ban in 1982, its murder rate increased at more than twice the national average. More than three decades of high murder rates show that restricting legal access to guns was not the answer to gun violence problems and that making legal firearm acquisition harder is unlikely to meaningfully impact violence in America's inner cities. Ending the drug war and providing more educational and economic opportunity for America's racially ghettoized poor would improve public safety much more effectively than new feckless gun restrictions.
Finally, domestic violence is a genuine problem, but one not getting enough attention on either side of the gun debate. More than 90 percent of female murder victims know their killers, many of whom are domestic abusers or jealous lovers. If implemented correctly, a judicial process that takes and keeps firearms away from those who have shown a propensity for assault — those with violent crime convictions, pending domestic abuse or stalking charges or active restraining orders — could reduce the frequency of gun-related domestic violence.
There is good news. Murder and gun crime rates in America have been trending downward since the 1990s. An American who isn't at risk for suicide, in an abusive relationship or in a neighborhood beset by the drug war is extremely unlikely to die by firearm. As tragic, frightening and media-saturating as mass shootings are, they are rare. For the most part, America is a very safe place to live.
After a tragedy, trotting out clichés and focusing on exotic firearm terminology may be very effective at rousing emotions, but it doesn't make sound public policy. That's because public policy is not just about identifying “common-sense” solutions put forth in a climate of fear and outrage — it's about looking at the data and recognizing the political and legal landscape in which that data exist.
Explore these other perspectives:
Tom Zoellner: Here's how to end the NRA's stranglehold on gun policy
Jay Wachtel: Ex-ATF Agent: America is only pretending to regulate lethal firearms
Charles C.W. Cooke: The right to bear arms isn't up for debate
Michael Waldman: The gun debate doesn't have to be all or nothing
Philip Alpers: An Australian gun expert critiques America: You've lost control
* Ifo says German current account surplus reaches new record high
* Says first surplus vis-a-vis China in decades
* Surplus could fuel criticism of reliance on exports
By Rene Wagner
BERLIN, Jan 14 (Reuters) - Germany's world-beating current account surplus probably hit a new record in 2013 of about $260 billion, the Ifo think tank said on Tuesday, prompting the government to pledge to boost domestic spending and investment.
It may even have eked out the first surplus with China since reunification, Ifo said.
Germany's surplus was far higher than China's, the world's leading exporter, which was in second place with $195 billion, Ifo said. Germany's was equivalent to 7.3 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), once again breaching the European Commission's recommended upper threshold of 6 percent.
“Germany was the biggest exporter of capital in the world,” Ifo told Reuters in an emailed response to questions. “Current account surpluses measure the part of a country's savings that is not invested at home.
“Instead of investing a lot at home, Germany exported a large part of its savings abroad.”
Ifo said Germany was investing in concrete and financial assets abroad. It was also putting money into bailouts and aid for countries stricken by the euro zone debt crisis.
Exports are traditionally the motor of Germany's economy and critics argue Berlin must do more to spur domestic demand and imports to reduce global economic imbalances and fuel growth worldwide.
The U.S. administration reprimanded Germany in strong terms last year in its semi-annual report to Congress for its economic imbalances.
Yet Germany argues it has more than halved its current account surplus with the euro zone as a share of GDP since 2007 and it is relying more on domestic demand than trade to drive growth at the moment.
“The rise in the current account surplus is due to countries beyond the euro currency bloc, indeed the surplus with euro countries even shrank,” Ifo said. “For the first time since reunification, Germany likely achieved a slight surplus vis-a-vis China in 2013.”
Germany's secretary of state for economics, Rainer Sontowski, pledged the new coalition government Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the centre-left Social Democrats, would strengthen domestic demand and had committed to boosting investment at home.
“Everything points to the current account surplus easing as a result of these policies,” they said.
But the Munich-based Ifo institute, which each month publishes Germany's market-moving business sentiment survey, said it expected the current account surplus to rise further to 7.4 percent of GDP this year due to a pickup in global trade.
The European Commission introduced a 6 percent threshold in late 2011 along with its macroeconomic imbalance procedure which seeks to prevent harmful imbalances among European member states by ensuring appropriate and coordinated policy responses.
Officials have, however, previously said a surplus is preferable to a deficit so action is less likely to be taken against countries exceeding the 6 percent limit than against those with a deficit below the minus 4 percent lower limit.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Tinder Profile: Anonymous girl (Age: none of your business)
I am a: Female, Straight, loves romance and very ambitious. I seek a poly relationship with 2 men. Preferably bi.
I think my boyfriend is bisexual
I met a guy from Tinder a little over a month ago. We hit things off really well.  They are very sweet and thoughtful. I love being with him. They have such a positive personality. Our chemistry is amazing and I feel extremely happy, for the first time in a while, when I'm with him.
On my dating profile, I mentioned an interest in polyamory. And just yesterday, they brought it up. They said that they would definitely be interested in having a threesome with me and another guy. I was extremely happy to hear this. I was so happy, I forgot to explain the difference between poly relationship and threesome. One step at a time, I thought.
When we briefly discussed the subject, I asked them if they were bisexual. I love watching men together. Being in a poly relationship has been a dream of mine for a long time. A poly relationship with two men that is. I'm obsessed with gay porn. They said they were not bi. But they hesitated. The sort of hesitation that you know the person is lying. So what do they want out of it? I'm pretty sure he's not submissive. So I don't think they want to be a cuck. I think they really are bisexual, but I don't want to press them on this. However, I do want the truth. I want to have my dreams fulfilled. I know the man I want to be with forever, is bisexual.
Why don't I want to press this? Because my “gaydar” is usually on point. I pressed the last guy I was with and they finally confessed to being bisexual. It was also the last time I saw him. It's probably very tramatic to confess a non-mainstream sexuality. Plus adding the poly interest may have scared that other guy away.
..bisexual does not mean someone is open to poly relationships. I know this now. I knew it before, but I was in a dream state (or very horny). Whatever, I'm over that guy. Plenty of (bi) men in the sea.
I think my boyfriend is bisexual for a few other stereotypical reasons. Dresses well. He's also very feminine. I love feminine looking men, so it's a plus. If they turn out to be gay, that would probably be hot too. At this point I just want them to be anything but straight. I just don't want to miss any of the action if he's playing around with men.
I'm not going to press them on their sexuality just yet. I think I will ask what they would expect from this male, male, female “threesome”. Or should I?
What do straight men enjoy in a threesome with another guy?
Are there any other women obsessed with bisexual men/gay porn like me?
Some people exposed to the Ebola virus succumb to bleeding, organ failure, and shock; others might suffer moderate, maybe even severe illness, but then fully recover. Still, there are those who are completely resistant. Working with genetically diverse mice, researchers show that—like people—the new mouse models do respond to the virus with a huge range of mild-to-deadly outcomes. And importantly, how a mouse responds to the Ebola virus depends on its genetic makeup. The work is published in Science this week.
Conventional lab mice infected with Ebola die, but they don't replicate the hallmark symptoms of the lethal hemorrhagic fever seen in humans: delayed blood clotting (or coagulation) and death from shock. "You can't look for a cure for Ebola unless you have an animal model that mimics the Ebola virus disease spectra," Ralph Baric of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill explains in a university statement.
In a biocontainment safety level 4 lab at the National Institutes of Health Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Hamilton, Montana, a large interdisciplinary team tested the effects of Zaire ebolavirus (or EBOV, the same species causing the current 2014 West Africa outbreak) on Collaborative Cross mice. These rodents are a cross of five classic lab strains with three wild-type strains. "They're really more comparable to genetically diverse populations such as humans, but they're reproducible," University of Washington's Angela Rasmussen tells the Los Angeles Times. "We know exactly how one mouse is different to another."
All of the mice lost weight in the first few days after infection, but mice with certain genetic backgrounds were susceptible to the virus while others were resistant. “Genetic factors play a significant role in disease outcome,” Michael Katze of UW says in a news release. "We hope that medical researchers will be able to rapidly apply these findings to candidate therapeutics and vaccines.”
Seventy percent of the mice had a greater than 50 percent mortality. Of them, 19 percent had liver inflammation without classic Ebola symptoms, but 34 percent had blood that took too long to clot. Those mice also had internal bleeding and showed swollen spleens and changes to the color and texture of the livers.
Eleven percent were partially resistant, and over half of these mice survived. And of all the infected crossbred mice in the study, 19 percent were totally unfazed: Not only did they survive, they also fully regained their lost weight within two weeks. A dissection revealed no pathological evidence of disease, and their livers looked fine.
By examining the genomes of these crossbred mice, researchers pinpointed a single gene that likely influences virus susceptibility: the gene responsible for encoding a protein known as TEK, which has been known to activate blood-clotting factors. Additionally, in survivors, there was more activity in genes for blood vessel repair and the production of infection–fighting white blood cells.
Formatting may be lacking as a result. If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it.
Posted on June 9, 2008, Jonathan Activision Vandalizes Statue of Jimi Hendrix With Guitar Hero
Ok, just stop it already, Activision. You want to drag the Guitar Hero franchise to the ground as quickly as possible, fine; just don't bring Hendrix into it. The company recently decided to celebrate the fact that a couple of Guitar Hero performances would take place at this year's Isle of Wight Festival, an event partly known for featuring one of Jimi Hendrix's last performances before their tragic death. So how does one celebrate a fake guitar performance? By vandalizing a tribute to a real guitar legend, it seems. Activision decided to deck out a bronze statue of Hendrix to make it look like they were holding a Guitar Hero controller instead of an actual instrument.
Just what do you think you're doing here, Activision? It's a known fact that putting a Guitar Hero controller in someone's hand just makes them look less cool (exceptions include politicians, Hollywood stars, and nude women). This is like some scheme Cobra Commander would try and pull. And then he'd stop themselves and say, “No wait, that's too evil. Cobra!”
Via MusicRadar
Internet service has been restored to government agencies and banks in the Democratic Republic of Congo, but otherwise a government shutdown of email, social media and mobile phone services, ordered on Jan. 19, remains in effect.
The DRC government moved to block communications in an attempt to quell public protests and clashes that left more than 45 people dead and over 1,000 injured.
As in other countries in Africa including Zambia, Zimbabwe and Malawi, the government claims the Internet and mobile phone communications are putting the security of the public at risk. The Web is increasingly becoming a conduit for expression of social unrest on the continent. In the DRC, people have been using text messages and social media networks to coordinate rallies to protest President Joseph Kabila's political maneuvers to change the country's constitution in order to continue their stay in office.
The DRC government now fears that public protests might result in the overthrow of Kabila, just as public unrest led to the ouster of Muammar Gaddafi in Libya and Hosni Mubarak in Egypt in 2011.
Opposition political parties have called for mass demonstrations against the new electoral bill being debated in the Senate. The opposition is demanding that Kabila, who has been in power for 14 years, step down when their tenure ends next year.
The DRC government has admitted that the new bill is likely to cause delay in holding the presidential elections by at least one year.
France has voiced concern over the trouble and urged all parties to negotiate the proposed reforms in a “consensual fashion, respecting DRC's constitutional and civil liberties.”
Operators and ISPs in the troubled Central Africa country have complained that they are losing millions of dollars following the directive by the DRC government to shut down Internet and mobile phone services.
Initially, the DRC government denied it directed ISPs and mobile operators to block Internet and mobile phone services. The DRC government has since acknowledged that it ordered mobile operators and ISPs to shut down services in order to stop people from coordinating protests through social media and mobile phones.
DRC government spokesperson Lambert Mende said this week, “we did it for security reasons because we have a constitutional duty to protect the country.”
So far, there is no indication as to when Internet and mobile phone services will be restored in the country. The DRC government said it has only allowed the restoration of Internet services for banks and other corporate bodies. This is the second time that the DRC government has shut down Internet and mobile phone services in four years.
In 2011, the DRC government banned the use of SMS and access to social media networks in a bid to curb violence following disputed results of presidential elections that returned Kabila to the presidency for a second five-year term.
Cinemas stop showing ‘The Danish Girl' after ban in Qatar
The Danish Girl/Facebook
With reporting from Riham Sheble
Following an online uproar, authorities in Qatar have blocked local theaters from showing a British film about a transgender Danish artist in the 1920s who undergoes one of the world's first known sex reassignment surgeries.
The Danish Girl, which also contained several scenes of nudity in its uncensored version, opened across the Gulf last weekend and had been playing in several cinemas in Qatar, according to unofficial movie listings on Cinema Qatar and Marhaba.
However, as of this afternoon, the film was no longer listed on the website of Novo Cinemas or Cineco Movies, which runs the theaters at Villaggio and City Center malls.
Earlier today, Qatar's Ministry of Culture tweeted that the government had outlawed the film:
نفيدكم علماً بأنه تم التواصل مع الإدارة المعنية وتم منع عرض الفيلم الدنماركي في شاشات السينما ونشكر حرصكم الدائم — وزارة الثقافة (@mocqatar) January 11, 2016
Translation: We would like to inform you that we have contacted the concerned department and the screening of the Danish film is now banned from cinemas. We thank your unwavering vigilance.
A representative of Qatar Cinemas – which operates theaters at Landmark Mall, The Mall, Royal Plaza, Gulf and Doha Cinemas – told Doha News this afternoon that the chain had canceled all of its screenings of The Danish Girl.
That news set off further debate on Twitter under the trending hashtag, #لا_لعرض_فيلم_الفتاه_الدنماركيه (“No to the screening of The Danish Girl”), with many supporting the government's actions:
شاهدت إعلان الفيلم لا يجوز أن يعرض ففيه كميه من القبح تكفي لتوزيعها حول العالم #لا_لعرض_فيلم_الفتاه_الدنماركيه — الجوري (@Aljorry1979) January 11, 2016
Translation: I watched the trailer of the film and it should not be screened here. It contains enough moral depravity to go around the world.
#لا_لعرض_فيلم_الفتاه_الدنماركيه ولا لأي فلم يعارض دينا واخلاقنا وعاداتنا،، نتمنى محاسبة المسؤل عن من سمح بهذه الأفلام المتندنية في السينما — Aljazi (@almuhra8) January 11, 2016
Translation: And no to any film that contradicts our religion, morals and traditions. We hope that the people responsible for the screening of (such) films will be held accountable.
Others disagreed with the move, noting that the film was loosely inspired by the stories of actual people:
الفلم عادي ويحكي قصة حقيقية، الإنحراف الحقيقي هو في عقول الذين طالبوا بالمنع #لا_لعرض_فيلم_الفتاه_الدنماركيه — علي (@Alialmarri2116) January 11, 2016
Translation: There is nothing out of the ordinary about the film and it tells a true story. The real deviance is in the mind of those who call for it to be banned.
#لا_لعرض_فيلم_الفتاه_الدنماركيه المفروض يعرضونه لكن يخلون الدخول حق الناس +18 ، لان المنع اكبر دعاية للفلم . — M.Al-Kubaisi (@qtr704) January 11, 2016
Translation: It should be screened, but rated 18+ because banning it (will generate even) bigger publicity for the film.
Censorship in Qatar
This is not the first time that the Ministry of Culture has banned films after they've hit local theaters.
Scheduled showings of Raaz 3, a 3D Bollywood erotic horror film, were canceled in 2012. A year later, screenings of the Indian film Grand Masti – which had drawn criticism for its vulgar dialogue and obscene content – were similarly scrapped.
More recently, Qatar's censors banned two biblical films, 2014's Noah and Exodus.
Wolf of Wall Street/Facebook
And two years ago, The Wolf of Wall Street – which featured many scenes of gratuitous sexual acts, swearing and drug use – had nearly one-quarter of its scenes (or 50 minutes) cut out before it was shown in Qatar.
There are signs the government has widespread support in Qatar for censoring movies.
According to a 2014 survey by Northwestern University in Qatar, 80 percent of respondents said it's appropriate to delete scenes that could be considered offensive. The report said:
“This support for censorship and government monitoring of entertainment content is observed across all facets of the population, except, perhaps, among Western expatriates in Qatar.”
While religious themes are known to be sensitive topics in Qatar, specific rules on what is permitted to be shown in Qatar are unclear.
Thoughts?
NEW DELHI: Industrial growth contracted unexpectedly in February while consumer inflation quickened to a five-month high in March, a double setback for the Indian economy as it enters the new financial year.Industrial production shrank 1.2% in February against a 3.3% rise in January, data released by the statistics office showed. Consumer inflation accelerated to 3.81% in March largely due to increased fuel prices, according to data separately released by the department.The Reserve Bank of India last week kept interest rates unchanged citing inflation risks. Experts see price volatility as a looming threat although newer data suggest industrial growth should improve.Industrial growth came in below the consensus expectation of an increase of more than 1%.The decline was broad-based with manufacturing contracting 2%, mining reporting a 3.3% rise in February and electricity generation stagnant at 0.3%.Production of capital goods declined 3.4%, highlighting the continued weakness in investment activity. Consumer goods output fell 5.6% with durables production contracting 0.6% and non-durables reporting an 8.6% decline.Overall, industrial growth for the April-February period was 0.4%. The Indian economy is forecast to grow 7.1% in 2016-17 compared with 7.9% in 2015-16.Kotak Mahindra Bank's senior economist Upasna Bhardwaj noted that weak factory output in February continues to point toward the fact that the demonetisationled disruption to economic activity was yet to be arrested. “Besides sugar, cement is the biggest negative contributor suggesting that constructionlinked activity has been hit and the impact has not yet faded,” they explained.Still, data for March shows industrial growth could pick up in the last month of FY17.“Early indicators like ATF (aviation turbine fuel) and petrol consumption, coal and automobile output, electricity generation and cargo handling at major ports look buoyant for March 2017,” said Aditi Nayar, principal economist at ICRA. The automobile sector also reported a strong performance in March.Growth remains fragile in manufacturing and needs continued efforts to make the sector competitive, the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci) said in a release.Retail fuel inflation accelerated to 5.56% in March from 3.90% a month ago, driving overall consumer inflation higher.Food and beverage inflation was marginally higher at 2.54% in March against 2.46% in February. A weaker-than-normal June-September monsoon would put pressure on food prices.Inflation is expected to average around 4.5% in the first half and 5% in the second half of this fiscal, RBI had said while holding interest rates. It raised the reverse repo to suck out excess liquidity in the banking system.“Though rupee appreciation will make imports cheaper and offset any rises in global prices, inflation faces monsoon-related risks… It is important to watch it, especially because core inflation is sticky,” said DK Joshi, chief economist at CRISIL. “We expect retail inflation to go up and be 5% in 2017-18.”CARE Ratings said that the worrisome feature is that non-food components still witnessed high rates: clothing 4.6%, fuel and light 5.6%, housing 5%, transport 6%. “Hence, core CPI is a worry.”India adopted an inflation target of 4% last year for a five-year period with a 2 percentage point tolerance band on either side.
Kassie Thornton (left) and Christina Spitzer said a taxi driver ordered them to stop kissing in their backseat or get out of their cab. View Full Caption Facebook/Kassie Thornton
CHELSEA — A taxi driver must pay a lesbian couple $10,000 for telling them to either stop smooching in the backseat of their cab or kiss their ride goodbye, a city administrative judge ruled last month.
Yellow cab hack Mohammed Dahbi was accused of discriminating against the couple over their sexual orientation by ordering them to "keep that [behavior] for the bedroom or get out of the cab." Dahbi also gave the passengers, Christy Spitzer and Kassie Thornton, some lip, calling them "b-----s," "c---s" and "whores" when they got out of the cab without paying, according to Judge John Spooner's decision.
Spooner, who oversaw Dahbi's trial at the city's Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings, also ordered them to attend anti-discrimination training and to pay a $5,000 civil penalty to the city. The city's Commission on Human Rights, which brought the complaint against Dahbi on behalf of Spitzer and Thornton, still must approve Spooner's decision.
"We felt that what happened to us was wrong and they needed to take responsibility for their actions," Spitzer, a TV executive, told DNAinfo New York on Friday.
The incident occurred on Sept. 18, 2011, after Spitzer and their dog climbed into Dahbi's cab at Columbus Circle and drove south to pick up Thornton in Chelsea. When they arrived in Chelsea, Thornton, who had been traveling, put their luggage in the taxi's trunk, and Dahbi began driving them to Thornton's home in Sunset Park.
The women testified at the trial that, at West 15th Street in the Meatpacking District, the cabbie told them to stop kissing and "save that behavior for the bedroom."
Dahbi claimed during the hearing that they couldn't keep their eyes on the road because Spitzer and Thornton were kissing "heavily" and "touching all over each other." Dahbi told the judge that they found their behavior "distracting" and feared it would make them have an accident.
Spitzer and Thornton both testified at the trial that they had just kissed each other with a "peck on the lips."
Spitzer told DNAinfo that they were certain it was only a light smooch because they had just had massive dental work done.
"That's why I'm so aware of what my behavior was in the taxi," they said.
After Dahbi gave their ultimatum, Thornton told them that they were discriminating against them because they were gay, according to the decision.
"Don't make me out to be an a--hole," Dahbi responded to her, the decision says.
Thornton told the judge that after that comment they didn't feel comfortable, so they got out of the cab, grabbed their luggage and left. Spitzer followed shortly after with their dog, according to the decision.
When the women refused to pay them the fare to that point, they hurled expletives at them and sped away.
Dahbi, a married father of four who has been a cabbie for the past 17 years, said at their trial that they were not discriminating against the women because they were gay.
They also told the judge that for the last few weeks they had been volunteering at a food pantry for a charity called Metropolitan Community Church, which serves many gay homeless individuals.
Dahbi's lawyer, Ali Najmi, told DNAinfo New York their client never once said anything about Spitzer and Thornton's sexuality.
"Mr. Dahbi has a standard of decency that they ask all riders in their cab to follow," Najmi said. "He has asked straight couples to stop engaging in similar behavior. It can be very distracting for a driver if people are getting hot and heavy in the taxi."
However, the judge disagreed.
"The more likely reason for [Dahbi] stopping the taxicab and directing Ms. Spitzer and Ms. Thornton to stop kissing was, not that they objected to all kissing, but that they were uncomfortable with two women sharing a romantic kiss," Spooner said their decision.
In Dhabi's written response to the original complaint that the Human Rights Commission filed against him, they also claimed Spitzer and Thornton referred to them as a "f------ Arab terrorist" and a "radical Muslim a--hole." However, during the trial, they did not make those accusations, according to the decision.
However, Dhabi charged at the trial that Thornton had a bias toward Muslims, citing two tweets from their Twitter account. In a Nov. 7, 2014, tweet, they wrote, "I found ISIS in Los Angeles on the corner of El Segundo ... call DHS!," and posted a photo of a street sign for "Isis Av." In a January tweet, they also tweeted that they had seen the final episode of "Homeland" on their DVR.
I found ISIS in Los Angeles on the corner of El Segundo...call DHS! #toosoon #lastreets pic.twitter.com/O80CkcAMJ3 — Kassie Thornton (@kassiethornton) November 8, 2014
Thornton, an actor, stated that they made the tweets at the suggestion of their agent to be funnier on social media.
Judge Spooner didn't find Dhabi's charge credible and called the tweets "innocuous."
Spitzer and Thornton, who are getting married in June, moved to Los Angeles about a year and a half ago. Despite being on the West Coast and the complaint taking four years to go to trial, they said they stuck with the case. They even flew into New York last month to attend the trial on March 13.
"It's a weight that we've carried the entire time," Spitzer said. "We know that people are discriminated against all the time. We just felt we had to let the driver understand that it's wrong. So they could learn, and they don't do it again."
Najmi, Dhabi's lawyer, said they plan to appeal the decision.
"My client never once mentioned anything about their sexuality and never threw them out of the taxi," they said. "In fact, the complaint doesn't even allege that they used any derogatory language about their sexuality and the two women testified that they are the ones who decided to exit the taxi. They wanted to take them to their final destination."
Accepting Rs 2 lakh or more in aggregate from a single person in a day occasion is prohibited.
The Income Tax Department on Monday warned people against cash dealings of Rs 2 lakh and more, saying any violation of this cap will invite strict penalty under law.In a public message, the department said "accepting Rs 2 lakh or more in aggregate from a single person in a day for one or more transactions relating to one event or occasion is prohibited"."Similarly, receiving or repaying Rs 20,000 or more in cash for transfer of immovable property and paying more than Rs 10,000 in cash relating to expenditure of business or profession is also banned."Cash payment prohibited! Contravention may result in levy of penalty! Go cashless. Go clean," the message stated.The tax department has also asked the public to report such violations or those pertaining to black money to their jurisdictional principal commissioner of I-T department or email the same to blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.in.The department, in the past, has issued similar public advertisements.The central government had banned cash transactions of Rs 2 lakh or more from April 1, 2017, through the Finance Act 2017.The newly inserted section 269ST in the Income Tax Act bans such cash dealings on a single day, in respect of a single transaction or transactions relating to one event or occasion from an individual."Contravention of section 269ST would entail levy of 100 per cent penalty on receiver of the amount," the Income Tax Department had said in a public advertisement in leading dailies early this year.The restriction, however, is not applicable to any receipt by government, banking company, post office savings bank or co-operative bank, it had said.The move to ban cash transactions above a threshold was aimed at curbing black money by discouraging cash transactions and promoting digital economy. Such a proposal was also made by the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which was formed to eradicate the scourge of black money, to the Centre last year.
Last night, as I was trying to get to sleep, I had a series of thoughts that brought me to a troublesome gap in my understanding of human vision1. My problem? I couldn't figure out how we see purple.
See, growing up, we were always taught that the spectral colors, starting from the longest wavelength, were red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet. If you ever asked the teacher what violet was, they'd say “it's just another name for purple.” Indigo? “It's kind of a puplish-blue. It's named after a type of flower.” Thus, we are taught that the rainbow, and therefore the spectrum of colored light visible to humans, looks like this:
~400 nm ~650 nm This Is Wrong
There is plenty of confusion to go around here, so let's start with the basics.
Average human eyes have four types of receptors — rods and three kinds of cones.
The rods operate well in low-light, are far denser than cones, respond more slowly than cones, and help distinguish contrast and detail.
The cones require strong light, pick up colors, and help process motion more quickly. These cones each have a broad range of sensitivity. The short-wave ones, s-cones (often erroneously called “blue cones”) are most receptive around 420 nm. The medium-wave ones, m-cones (“green cones”), 534 nm; Long-wave cones, l-cones (“red cones” ), 564 nm. In reality, 420 nm appears violet to humans, while 564 nm is really more of a yellowish-green (and not anything like red at all).
Approximate Cone and Rod Responsiveness by Wavelength (normalized)
The responsivness of the l-cones is insignificant below 450 nm and above 700 nm; m-cones range from about 440 nm to 675 nm, and s-cones, from somewhere shorter than 400 nm to about 520 nm.
All that is sent to your brain (in terms of distinguing colors) is relative values from these three cones. So, consider a single, pure light wave with a wavelength of 570 nm. People with normal eyes will perceive this as yellow (because it stimulates both the m-cones and l-cones in the right ratio). Two simultaneous waves of light at, say, 510 nm (green) and 590 nm (red) in the right ratio will produce the same reaction from the cones — meaning it will appear to be the identical shade of yellow.
So, here's where I got caught up: if purple (which at the time I thought was the same as violet) can be simulated as a mix of red and blue, how does violet — at the low end of the spectrum — stimulate the l-cones?
The answer is that apparently, it doesn't. And the key to that answer is this: purple and violet are very different colors. Physiologically, violet results from stimulation of the s-cones without stimulating the m-cones. (Perceiving blue requires stimulation of the m-cones to some degree). Purple requires at least two wavelengths, so that the s-cones and l-cones are both stimulated without having too much stimulation of the m-cones. I'm going to have to grab a prism and play around with a few things to be fully comfortable with my understanding, but I think I have a functioning model again.
But here's where things get odd.
The lowest wavelength that your screen can display is this:
Here is Blue
Exactly how that blue is produced (and its exact color) depends on whether you're using a CRT or an LCD screen, and a wide variety of other factors. It'll probably be around 460 nm, though. That's right around what people like to call “blue.” Anyway, the fact is that your screen simply mixes Red, Green, and Blue together to make the colors that it can produce. And the blue that we see above is still stimulating your m-cones, or it would appear violet to you.
So, as far as I can tell, modern televisions, computer monitors, scanners — even digital cameras — simply ignore indigo and violet. There's no way to record them, and no way to display them. Taking a digital picture of a violet flower or a bird with violet markings will produce an image that substitutes blue — probably dark blue — for violet.
A key example of this shortcoming is shown by any attempt to electronically render Yves Klein's trademark “International Klein Blue,” which contains a lot of indigo and/or violet in it. In person, Klein's art making use of this patented color is absolutely breathtaking, even if it's just something simple like a sea sponge dipped in paint. Stunning. Unforgettable. Seeing a work like this in person is absolutely shocking:
You don't understand how pretty this is
On your computer screen, it's pretty unremarkable, isn't it? To understand what you're missing — and what's wrong with stopping the spectrum at blue — make it a point to seek out some of Klein's work the next time you're near a modern art museum.
So, this raises an interesting question: why do all consumer electronics use only red, green, and blue? Consider that, if cameras and monitors instead used a red/green/violet color scale, we would be able to have the same range of color reproduction that we do currently, plus the visible colors from 400 nm to 460 nm. In practice, most people just don't take much note of violet, and simply don't miss it. But wouldn't it still make more sense to be able to reproduce it when it is present?
I mean, doesn't your monitor suddenly feel strangely defective now that you realize that there are colors you can see but which it completely lacks the ability to render?
The thoughts themselves started off with wondering whether a very low intensity LED (or similar light source) with a peak output around 496 nm — the peak sensitivity of the rods in human eyes — would be useful for assiting with seeing in low-light conditions without reducing night vision for objects not illuminated by the LED. In the final equasion, it seems that the use of red light works at least as well. But that's the sort of random thought that goes through my mind when I'm drifting off.
The Complicated Political History Of The Confederate Flag
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rainier Ehrhardt/Associated Press Rainier Ehrhardt/Associated Press
Last week's tragic shooting at Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S.C., that killed nine black parishioners gathered for a Bible study has renewed the debate over one of the most controversial Southern symbols — the Confederate flag.
On Monday, a cascade of both Republicans and Democrats endorsed removing the Confederate flag from the statehouse in Columbia. South Carolina Republican Gov. Nikki Haley held a press conference Monday afternoon, flanked by a bipartisan coalition of lawmakers, to call for the flag to be removed. They were joined by the state's Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham — who is running for president — and Tim Scott — the chamber's only African-American Republican.
Here's quick primer on how we got here:
What is the history of the Confederate flag?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Draper/Associated Press. Eric Draper/Associated Press.
In December 1860, South Carolina was the first state to secede from the Union just months after Abraham Lincoln, from the anti-slavery Republican Party, was elected president. In April 1861, the first shots of the Civil War were fired at Fort Sumter, S.C.
Ten other states would eventually follow South Carolina in secession, forming the Confederate States of America. However, of the three flags the Confederacy would go on to adopt, none are the Confederate flag that is traditionally recognized today. The "Stars and Bars" flag, currently the subject of controversy, was actually the battle flag of Gen. Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
After the war ended, the symbol became a source of Southern pride and heritage, as well as a remembrance of Confederate soldiers who died in battle. But as racism and segregation gripped the nation in the century following, it became a divisive and violent emblem of the Ku Klux Klan and white supremacist groups. It was also the symbol of the States' Rights Democratic Party, or "Dixiecrats," that formed in 1948 to oppose civil-rights platforms of the Democratic Party. Then-South Carolina Gov. Strom Thurmond was the splinter group's nominee for president that same year; they won 39 electoral votes.
Now, the flag is a frequent emblem of modern white supremacist groups. The alleged Charleston shooter, Dylann Storm Roof, was photographed holding the Confederate flag in images on their website. Not all southerners, who believe the flag should be flown, however, see it as a racist symbol. They see it, instead, as a symbol of southern pride or as a way to remember ancestors who fought in the Civil War.
Why is it flying at the Statehouse in Columbia, S.C.?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Draper/Associated Press Eric Draper/Associated Press
The flag was first flown over the state Capitol dome (passed by the Democratic Legislature) in 1962 to mark the centennial of the start of the Civil War, but many saw it as a reaction to the civil-rights movement and school desegregation. For nearly four decades, it continued to be a controversial issue in the Palmetto State. A 1994 nonbinding referendum placed on the GOP primary ballot found that three-in-four voters said the flag should keep flying. That same year, black ministers and the NAACP threatened a boycott of the state if the flag didn't come down, and business leaders sued to remove the flag.
But in 2000, a compromise was reached — the battle flag would be removed from atop the dome and a smaller, square version would be placed at a less-prominent place on the Statehouse grounds — on a 20-foot pole next to the 30-foot Confederate monument. But that didn't end the controversy, and many years of protests, criticism and boycotts followed.
What is the process to remove the flag in South Carolina?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mary Ann Chastain /Associated Press Mary Ann Chastain /Associated Press
According to the 2000 change, a two-thirds majority in both the state House and Senate is required to remove the flag. However, there may be a workaround, and the law itself could be changed by a simple majority. The Post & Courier has a running tally of state lawmakers and how they stand on the issue. At their press conference, Haley said if the Legislature doesn't finish its session by acting to remove the flag, they will call an additional session.
Also under the 2000 compromise: lowering the flag requires approval of the Legislature, which is why even after Haley ordered the American and South Carolina flags ordered to half-staff following last Wednesday's massacre, the Confederate flag remained at full staff.
What other states have had controversies about the Confederate flag?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rainier Ehrhardt/Associated Press Rainier Ehrhardt/Associated Press
Many Southern states' current flags are inspired by the "Rebel flag." Georgia's flag was changed to incorporate part of the Confederate flag into its own in 1956. From 2001 to 2003, a new flag that removed the more prominent emblem was adopted, and instead it featured the state seal with past flags at the bottom. The design was widely panned, though, and, in 2003, a new state flag was adopted. The new design instead draws from parts of the actual flag of the Confederate States of America and not the Confederate battle flag.
Mississippi's state flag remains the only one in the U.S. that still features the battle flag prominently. In 2001, Magnolia State voters decided to keep the current flag by a wide margin. The University of Mississippi, or "Ole Miss," has also faced controversy. In 1997, waving Confederate flags at football games was banned. "Colonel Reb," their Confederate soldier mascot, was retired in 2003 and, "From Dixie With Love" was dropped from the marching band set list.
What have top Republicans and presidential candidates said about the flag?
The question of whether to remove the controversial flag has played a role in presidential politics thanks to the state's early primary status.
Among current 2016 hopefuls, only Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has explicitly endorsed the controversial flag's removal, noting they decided to remove it from the Florida statehouse grounds to a museum during their tenure.
Before Haley's press conference, other GOP candidates, and potential candidates, had walked a line on the flag, either declining to weigh in or underscoring that it's a decision that should be up to South Carolina. But afterward, there was a flood of support from many candidates. Here's a brief roundup of where others stand and stood:
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker had said they wouldn't weigh in until after funerals of the Charleston victims. But then they tweeted this afternoon, "I am glad @nikkihaley is calling for the Confederate flag to come down. I support their decision."
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said they hoped the state would "make the right choice for the people of South Carolina"; as a state legislator, they voted for a bill that would have kept the Confederate flag on the Florida Capitol grounds in order to protect historical monuments.
Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry also said in a statement that they supported Haley's decision, saying it "honors the people of Charleston, and the families of the victims of last week's horrific hate crime. Removing the flag is an act of healing and unity, that allows us to find a shared purpose based on the values that unify us. May God continue to be with the families of the victims in Charleston, and the great people of South Carolina."
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said Sunday on NBC's "Meet The Press" that the decision was "not an issue for someone running for president."
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz told the Washington Post that it was a matter for South Carolinians to decide, but that "I understand the passions that this debate evokes on both sides."
John Kasich would support removing the flag before Haley's press conference and afterward they said, "the flag should come down."
Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee, supported its removal in the past. They tweeted: "[T]o many, it is a symbol of racial hatred" and should be taken down.
Several Republican members of Congress have also said they support the Confederate flag's removal; Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., endorsed the flag's removal, calling it "a painful reminder of racial oppression." And, they added, "the time for a state to fly it has long since passed."
After Haley's press conference, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus also issued a statement saying that they "support[s] the call by Governor Haley and South Carolina leaders to remove the Confederate battle flag from state house grounds."
By Amy Goodman and Denis Moynihan
It has been 140 years since Alexander Graham Bell uttered the first words through their experimental telephone, to their lab assistant: “Mr. Watson—come here—I want to see you.” Their invention transformed human communication, and the world. The company they started grew into a massive monopoly, AT&T. The federal government eventually deemed it too powerful, and broke up the telecom giant in 1982. Well, AT&T is back and some would say on track to become bigger and more powerful than before, announcing plans to acquire Time Warner, the media company, to create one of the largest entertainment and communications conglomerates on the planet. Beyond the threat to competition, the proposed merger—which still must pass regulatory scrutiny—poses significant threats to privacy and the basic freedom to communicate.
AT&T is currently No. 10 on the Forbes 500 list of the U.S.‘s highest-grossing companies. If it is allowed to buy Time Warner, No. 99 on the list, it will form an enormous, “vertically integrated” company that controls a vast pool of content and how people access that content.
Free Press, the national media policy and activism group, is mobilizing the public to oppose the deal. “This merger would create a media powerhouse unlike anything we've ever seen before. AT&T would control mobile and wired internet access, cable channels, movie franchises, a film studio and more,” Candace Clement of Free Press wrote. “That means AT&T would control internet access for hundreds of millions of people and the content they view, enabling it to prioritize its own offerings and use sneaky tricks to undermine net neutrality.”
Net neutrality is that essential quality of the internet that makes it so powerful. Columbia University law professor Tim Wu coined the term “net neutrality.” After the Federal Communications Commission approved strong net neutrality rules last year, Wu told us on the Democracy Now! News hour, “There need to be basic rules of the road for the internet, and we're not going to trust cable and telephone companies to respect freedom of speech or respect new innovators, because of their poor track record.”
Millions of citizens weighed in with public comments to the FCC in support of net neutrality, along with groups like Free Press and The Electronic Frontier Foundation. They were joined by titans of the internet like Google, Amazon and Microsoft. Arrayed against this coalition were the telecom and cable companies, the oligopoly of internet service providers that sell internet access to hundreds of millions of Americans. It remains to be seen if AT&T doesn't in practice break net neutrality rules and create a fast lane for its content and slow down content from its competitors, including the noncommercial sector.
Another problem that AT&T presents, that would only be exacerbated by the merger, is the potential to invade the privacy of its millions of customers. In 2006, AT&T whistleblower Mark Klein revealed that the company was secretly sharing all of its customers' metadata with the National Security Agency. Klein, who installed the fiber-splitting hardware in a secret room at the main AT&T facility in San Francisco, had their whistleblowing allegations confirmed several years later by Edward Snowden's NSA leaks. While that dragnet surveillance program was supposedly shut down in 2011, a similar surveillance program still exists. It's called “Project Hemisphere.” It was exposed by The New York Times in 2013, with substantiating documents just revealed this week in The Daily Beast.
In “Project Hemisphere,” AT&T sells metadata to law enforcement, under the aegis of the so-called war on drugs. A police agency sends in a request for all the data related to a particular person or telephone number, and, for a major fee and without a subpoena, AT&T delivers a sophisticated data set, that can, according to The Daily Beast, “determine where a target is located, with whom they speak, and potentially why.”
Where you go, what you watch, text and share, with whom you speak, all your internet searches and preferences, all gathered and “vertically integrated,” sold to police and perhaps, in the future, to any number of AT&T's corporate customers. We can't know if Alexander Graham Bell envisioned this brave new digital world when they invented the telephone. But this is the future that is fast approaching, unless people rise up and stop this merger.
Last weekend saw the return of the Irish Drift Championship to a much loved and always popular round, Cork Marts, Fermoy, Co. Cork. The track is a purpose built, long and sweeping course lined for four walls and eight rear clipping points, allowing drivers to be on maximum throttle at every opportunity.
Fermoy has always been a treacherous track for all of the drivers, from the Rookie to Pro class, and this weekend would be no different. Ever changing weather conditions would be the talk among the paddock on Sunday following a wet and wild Saturday for the Semi-Pro competition, which had over 40 separate on-track incidents.
Fresh from Drift Allstars London and making their returning to Irish competition, James Deane was out for blood all weekend. After mechanical failure last weekend in London, James was out to give the 2JZ-powered Falken Tire S14 a full shakedown before the next Drift Allstars round in the Czech Republic at the end of June.
Saturday's Semi-Pro competition was an action-packed day with torrential rain reeking havoc on competitors and spectators alike. The walls of Fermoy have claimed numerous vehicles over the years, but each year more and more drivers come back to stake their claim on the Mart.
Semi-Pro Chris Doyle battled their way through the whole grid on Saturday for a chance to battle the best in the country on Sunday. Sadly, their R32 would have to sit on the sidelines after cracking 2 pistons. Chris is an immensely talented driver and is certainly one to watch at Round 3.
Sunday was a relax and recuperation day for Semi-Pro drivers who were still drying out their race-suits and cars from Saturday's action. Passenger rides and a Gymkhana style barrel sprint were organised for drivers to have some fun. Anthony Galvin of CAC Motorsport's minty fresh orange 180sx is shown above, cooling down before the action.
14-year-old Team Aerokit driver Jack Shanahan once again traded their school uniform for a race suit this weekend and was a man on a mission looking to show their home crowd that they are one to watch in Europe this season.
Martin Ffrench, a fan favourite from Waterford, was back in the driver's seat of the Nascar-powered V8 Low Brain Drifters PS13. The showman was out to put a smile on everybody's face with insane lock, big angle, and even bigger smoke.
Drift Allstars and Irish Drift Championship veteran Nigel Colfer was back on home soil with their Nexen Tire Aerokit 180sx , ready to do battle with Ireland's best after returning from London.
Wesley Keating of WKD Imports arrived to the track early Sunday morning after an all-night dyno session at Track Day Performance, where their Nissan went under the knife to make sure everything was running smoothly for Sunday's action. Their Wez'Rocket Bunny 180SX is at the peek of technology within the drifting community, and can even be mapped over Wifi.
Round 1 winner and Championship leader coming to Cork, Paul “The Wall” Murphy was out to prove their nickname wasn't earned for nothing. The Marini Motorsport/MG Crash Repairs S14.5 was on course for greatness but sadly a blown turbo during the Top 16 would spell the end to Paul's weekend.
What do you do when you want to go drifting and your own competition car isn't ready? Take your wife's car of course. That's what Nicky Hallahan did. It just so happens that the car in question is a fully kitted out Nissan Skyline R32. Nicky took the car to the podium Saturday and was out for more on Sunday.
Team Japspeed driver Shane O'Sullivan joined Wesley Keating in the TDP garage the night before competition. Just hours before the event kicked off, the new RB25 heart of the S15 was out of the vehicle. Many long hours into the night with late night runs on the Dynapack meant that the Monster Energy S15 was ready for hours of abuse later that day.
Four gearboxes in four weeks. Team Dealthwidth driver Brian Egan has suffered some hardship in recently but that didn't stop them from screaming their way around the Mart all weekend.
On to Qualifying. Team Bridges Racing Formula D driver Dean “Karnage” Kearney once again swapped their Oracle Lighting SRT Viper for the Team MG Crash Repairs S15. Dean laid down a solid 86.5 run securing them a spot in the Top 16.
Team Hankook driver Mike Fitz put down two solid qualifying runs and has once again shown that they are one to watch this season.
Duane McKeever found themselves in unfamiliar surroundings for qualification. At Round 1, Duane was behind the wheel of Richard Bradley's newly built S14. On Saturday night, McKeever's own 180SX was out of commission, needing to yet again ask for Bradley's help. Bradley graciously accepted, and McKeever shot themselves up to P2 in qualifying with one of the fastest entry speeds of the day while nailing each clip.
Duane was only eclipsed by one man. With the Falken Tire S14 running perfectly, James Deane was looking unstoppable. They put the pressure on with an unbelievable 94 on their first run causing everyone else to step up their game.
With Qualifying over, it was on to Superlap: One do-or-die lap to gain Championship points, and the spotlight was on Pro-class rookie Kevin O'Connell. Kevin had laid down the gauntlet of 27/30 points awarded from the 3 judges. Kevin's score would see off Adrian Walsh, Barry Leonard, Nigel Colfer, Mike Fitz, Dean Kearney, Paul Murphy, Shane O'Sullivan and Brian Egan.
It would take a loud V8 and the heavy right foot of Martin Ffrench to move Kevin O'Connell from top spot and they did it in style.
Being the top qualifier, Deane was up last. They knew the track, they knew the line, and they knew the score to beat.
And of course, the King of Superlap did it again. They nailed each wall with millimetre precision and lit up the Falken Tires the whole way around, resulting in the perfect 30/30.
The Top 16 parade is always a good sight. Over 8000hp, lined up side by side just for your viewing pleasure.
Nigel Colfer's pristinely prepared Team Aerokit 180SX sits pretty ahead of the twin battles.
Team Hankook's Mike Fitz shows off their colourful side during the festivities.
ALL I DO IS WIN!
With the Top 16 under way, the battle of the S-bodies would kick off proceedings. Alan McCord would take on the James Deane in a great opener. Both drivers would execute flawless runs but it was the proximity of Deane on the back of the V8 S15 that would be the ultimate decider.
Next up would be the young gun and the old veteran, Jack Shanahan against Mike Fitz. One more time seemed the decider, until Jack rounded the slow sweeping turn at the fifth clip with the BM-powered down to three tyres. Amazingly, they kept it pinned and finished out the run as if nothing had happened, but Mike kept it tight to their rear quarter panel and got the win.
Two of Ireland's most experienced drifters, Martin Ffrench and Dean Kearney, faced off in a close battle that would see the Formula D driver advance. It would put an end to the Low Brain Drifters weekend, but we hope to see Ffrenchy back out in the PS13 on Irish soil soon.
Nigel Colfer would take down Team Dealthwidth's Brian Egan on the way to the Top Four. The battles would end there for Brian but I'm sure they are more than pleased with how the gearbox held up over the weekend and will be back out for Round Three in four weeks time.
Next up was a battle of the brutes. Paul McCarthy is known as the “Giant Slayer” because they have beaten many of Ireland's best drivers on numerous occasions and all with minimal horsepower. The MC for the event, who is also head of the IDC, called Paul the “most under-rated driver” in Irish Drifting as they have the skill to mix it with the top but has not seen the success just yet.
James would be the winner of this battle, but there is no doubt Paul will be back in the 340bhp V8 BMW at the next round.
Duane McKeever (again!) found themselves in a different cockpit for the tandem competition. They were down and out, walking around the pits after issues with Richard Bradley's car seemed to put them out of the action. Then, they were approached by Semi-Pro driver Alan Farrell, who at the time imagined McKeever would take it easy and see what happens. McKeever had other thoughts as they wall tapped and rubbed quarter-panels with every competitor they faced, all the way through to James Deane.
The battle of the S15s was up next. Dean Kearney in Team MG Crash Repairs S15 was defeated by Team Japspeed's Shane O'Sullivan. Dean got plenty of seat time this weekend before the next round of Formula Drift in Miami-Homestead, but sadly no race win.
With the final four decided, it was time for the European heavyweights to go toe to toe. James Deane and Nigel Colfer both came to the Marts this weekend to do battle and get ready for Round 2 of Drift Allstars.
With two immense battles under their belts for the season, Deane would come out the victor this time. The pace and proximity they can maintain behind any driver is amazing.
The other half of the final four was made up of Duane McKeever and Shane O'Sullivan. Duane's determination and willingness seemed to be pushing them on and on. They had been through plenty of ups and downs over the weekend.
With the sunshine starting to break through the clouds, McKeever's nightmare would turn around, beating O'Sullivan to advance to the final. There, it would be time to meet old rival James Deane once again.
McKeever vs. Deane. They had both battled well throughout the day, and were deservedly in the Final.
The edge would go to whoever avoided cracking under the pressure. With Deane leading first, they initiated in perfect harmony, nailed clip two and three, but as they came to the teardrop, McKeever seemed to scrub speed and allowed Deane to power down the hill, creating the slightest of gaps. That gap would be the deciding factor, and it was the perfect run of the day.
It certainly wasn't the first time Deane had tasted the bubbly success of Irish Drifting and it certainly won't be the last. They came, they battled, they conquered.
It's the first silverware under the new Falken S14 chassis for the Cork man, and will certainly be a confidence booster heading off on their Europe tour with Drift Allstars glory waiting.
With two rounds covered and two different victors, we enter Round Three in Mondello Park in four weeks time with an open Championship. Who else will be brave enough to claim the silver trophy? Fermoy once again separated the men from the boys, with some people licking the wounds of a hard weekend, and some still tasting the champagne and rain.
Thanks for reading, and we'll see you in four weeks time at Mondello Park, Dublin!
Words & photos: Adam O'Connor
Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
Nate Schierholtz is a very difficult player to evaluate.
On the one hand, he's 28 years old and has a career batting line of just .270/.316/.409 in over 1,200 trips to the plate. On the other hand, he's never been given an opportunity to get regular playing time—having never received more than 360 plate appearances in a single season.
Then again, they haven't done anything to earn more playing time, losing the starting right field job in 2010 to John Bowker in spring training, then losing the job again this year to journeyman Gregor Blanco during the first month of the season.
They have solid range and an excellent throwing arm in right field. However, they can't play centerfield, and the bat obviously hasn't been good enough to warrant a starting spot in an outfield corner. They have good speed, but isn't a great asset on the bases.
Schierholtz is now two years away from free agency. They will be arbitration eligible for the next two seasons, and they are starting to get expensive for a fourth outfielder. With a Schierholtz clone knocking on the door in Fresno for a fraction of the price in Roger Kieschnick, the time has come to ascertain Schierholtz's trade value.
Given their advancing age and cost, trading Schierholtz to a rebuilding team doesn't make a lot of sense. For a team like the Oakland Athletics or Minnesota Twins, acquiring an arbitration eligible player approaching 30 makes little sense, even if Schierholtz is better than the talent they have on hand. Instead, the best approach is to trade Schierholtz to a contending team in need of outfield depth in return for a bullpen upgrade.
The Giants are relying on three healthy relievers right now in Clay Hensley, Javier Lopez and Jeremy Affeldt. Sergio Romo is pitching through a knee injury and Santiago Casilla has been unavailable for a week with their own knee injury. Manager Bruce Bochy clearly does not have faith in their other two relievers, Steve Edlefsen and Shane Loux.
Jared Wickerham/Getty Images
When Brian Wilson went on the shelf, Casilla moved from the seventh inning to the ninth, and Hensley took Casilla's spot in the seventh. While Hensley has been good, their fastball rarely tops 86 miles per hour, so the Giants should look to acquire a reliever who can blow a fastball by hitters in the late innings.
I outlined ten possible internal and external options to jumpstart the bullpen a few weeks ago. One trade that would make a lot of sense right now would be for the Giants to flip Schierholtz to the Pirates for Jason Grilli. The Pirates have a surplus of pitching, but their offense is dead last in all baseball in runs scored.
Acquiring Grilli would give the Giants another late inning option who can miss bats, while Schierholtz could finally get a chance to play everyday on a Pittsburgh team that is starved for offense. The Pirates have enough relief pitching on hand to withstand the loss of Grilli, while the Giants could call up Kieschnick to replace Schierholtz.
At this point in this career, Schierholtz looks destined to be a fourth outfielder in perpetuity, until a cheaper, younger option supplants him. It is time for the Giants give them a real shot at an everyday job. Unfortunately, with the emergence of Blanco, that opportunity will have to come with a new organization.
The talent has always been there for Schierholtz, but they have never hit enough in limited playing time to get an extended opportunity. An organization with more patience might get a gem if they acquire Schierholtz.
Working with geographically distributed teams is common, but managing these teams can create significant challenges that leaders need to address. Here are five key considerations.
Image: iStock/monsitj
The cloud is making it easier than ever before for businesses to adopt application delivery platforms that allow teams to work remotely. Working with geographically-dispersed teams can provide numerous benefits, such as access top talent that's unavailable locally, decreased general and administrative costs, a diverse culture, improved employee satisfaction, and higher retention levels. Ultimately, this also has the potential to translate back to increased customer satisfaction levels.
In 2014, a group at the London Business School's Global Leadership Summit estimated that 34% of the full-time workforce will be working remotely by 2020. As the workforce is increasingly moving toward a distributed model, organizations gain the flexibility to build and run a team of experts without being limited to physical presence and geography, but challenges remain.
Managing remote teams can create issues with communication, collaboration, and productivity, file sharing, document management, privacy and security, existing infrastructure. If your business is considering a distributed model for functional or project teams, here are a few considerations for ensuring they work effectively.
1. Better managing distributed teams using secured platforms
The security and integrity of your data are paramount when you are working with remote teams or when your employees are at co-working spaces. There is always an added risk when employees connect through unsecured, public, or shared wireless networks.
The aim here should be to make connections faster and more secure without sacrificing the integrity of the data. When it comes to performance, a content delivery network (CDN) can reduce the time it takes for data to reach an intended user and help improve performance while not sacrificing on security. For increased security, a web application firewall can more actively protect against threats like hacks and breaches. These basically prevent unwanted access which may compromise the system or its contents. Organizations should be using secure and encrypted connections through SSL/TLS in both client-facing and internal applications. Any latency-caused communication inefficiencies can be optimized through a CDN. Optimizing SSL connections this way can also ensure high-grade SSL implementation. For more on CDNs, here are a few guides to explain what they are and how they work.
SEE: Remote access policy (Tech Pro Research)
2. Proper security platform onboarding
Once you have determined the best solution for your business, team preparedness is next. Make sure the service provider is ready, willing and prepared to provide sufficient onboarding for your teams. This may seem like it's not a big deal, but ask any company about the impact and cost of insufficient onboarding. It can be a drain on time, resources and finances, not to mention down right frustrating. Top-notch solution providers understand the value of providing timely and thorough onboarding, including training to ensure there is a smooth transition.
Once your company is ready to start and complete the onboarding process, make sure to follow at least the next steps.
Remember, you are responsible for how smoothly onboarding goes. Vendors may not always be able to anticipate all of your business onboarding needs. Put together a checklist of all the things you and your team may need to cover. It may be easy for vendors to forget that while the onboarding process is intuitive to them, it's brand new to your business; Take stock of tools and processes to make sure your teams and the vendor are ready for onboarding. Spell everything out in writing well in advance whenever possible. Slow things down. Don't rush this process and miss important steps; rework can be costly. Document issues and address them thoroughly before moving on to the next stage. Follow through with any outstanding issues, and get a commitment from vendors that they will address issues (including a timeline). Get consensus from all business stakeholders before onboarding is declared complete.
3. Managing finances
Odds are, budgets are always a factor, no matter how large your business. Moving to a distributed model has the potential to create significant cost savings through outsourcing infrastructure. Consider using an as-a-service option to take advantage of expertise, as well as moving to an operating expense-based structure vs. taking on lofty capital expenditures that take many years to depreciate. This removes the burden of dealing with return on investment issues.
4. Maintaining a close-knit company culture
When it comes to company culture, some may be concerned about the impact on company culture and whether team cohesion will be at risk as a result of physical distance. Having a distributed team environment doesn't mean a close-knit team isn't possible. Remote teams have to learn to rely on the strengths of their teammates, develop trust, and respect the diversity of thought and approach of other team members. What may be surprising is office politics may even lessen as individuals become more focused on the work and not internal employee issues that typically arise from day-to-day internal distraction.
If you are managing a remote team, it's important to consider limitations that may complicate work and collaboration for your remote team members and to do what you can to alleviate their stress.
Factor in some of the limitations like time zones, limited communication forms and styles, and motivational factors, among others.
Think about how to leverage the highest-level skills of each team member
It can be very difficult for remote workers to feel connected and part of the culture. Encourage and consider individual ideas and solutions to help create a more inclusive and collaborative team environment instead of the traditional 'boss' or 'subordinates' feel.
Share as much about projects and goals with team members to give them the best chance at meeting objectives. The more they know, the better they can anticipate issues and prepare for success.
SEE: 10 signs that you aren't cut out to be a telecommuter (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
5. Ensuring scalability
Scalability is another big consideration for companies and team effectiveness. Having the bandwidth in place to handle abnormal web traffic at all levels is another key consideration. The best functioning distributed teams can only perform as well as the infrastructure that's in place. In order to maximize team performance, there must be a robust network architecture capable of handling network-sized amounts of traffic, processing huge amounts of data at every turn.
The need to embrace distributed teams is rapidly becoming the norm as millennials opt for remote work over the traditional in-house environment. As a business leader, make it your mission to be prepared to manage this new workforce. Ensure you have the people, processes and the right technology in place to create and lead your new world workforce to create a sustainable competitive advantage.
Executive Briefing Newsletter Discover the secrets to IT leadership success with these tips on project management, budgets, and dealing with day-to-day challenges. Delivered Tuesdays and Thursdays Sign up today
Also see:
Background/Objectives:
Maintaining a healthy weight is important for the prevention of many chronic diseases. Little is known about the strategies used by young women to manage their weight, or the effectiveness of these in preventing weight gain. We aimed to identify clusters of weight control strategies used by women and to determine the average annual weight change among women in each cluster from 2000 to 2009.
Methods:
Latent cluster analysis of weight control strategies reported by 8125 participants in the Australian Longitudinal Study of Women's Health. Analyses were performed in March–November 2014.
Results:
Weight control strategies were used by 79% of the women, and four unique clusters were found. The largest cluster group (39.7%) was named dieters as 90% had been on a diet in the past year, and half of these women had lost 5 kg on purpose. Women cut down on size of meals, fats and sugars and took part in vigorous physical activity. Additionally 20% had used a commercial programme. The next largest cluster (30.2%) was the healthy living group who followed the public health messages of ‘eat less and move more'. The do nothing group (20%) did not actively control their weight whereas the perpetual dieters group (10.7%) used all strategies, including unhealthy behaviours. On average women gained 700 g per year (over 9 years); however, the perpetual dieters group gained significantly more weight (210 g) than the do nothing group (P<0.001).
Conclusions:
Most women are actively trying to control their weight. The most successful approach was to follow the public health guidelines on health eating and physical activity.
With the recent rise to prominence of right-wing populist parties across Europe, it's refreshing that Iceland has remained largely immune to such nationalistic rhetoric. On the continent, figures like Marine Le Pen in France and Geert Wilders in the Netherlands are capitalizing on what political scientists are calling a third wave of European populism that began after the international financial crisis of 2008. These parties are characterized by their anti-immigrant, and specifically, anti-Muslim sentiments. They fashion themselves the “protectors” of their homelands' traditional culture against cosmopolitan globalism.
Yet, tiny Iceland has resisted this dirty brand of politics because of the rise of social movements that challenged the power structure of the Icelandic political establishment after the financial crisis of 2008. Unlike in other European countries, these social movements transformed themselves into a political movement, filling the vacuum of traditional center-right and center-left political parties, while also preventing far-right political projects from succeeding.
Rather than blaming immigrants for their problems, Icelanders confronted the political class.
For starters, Iceland is a relatively young country that only became independent in 1944. It is a parliamentary democracy, based on coalitions because the Althing (parliament) has 63 members but a single party rarely has a clear majority. Unlike other Nordic countries, Iceland has been governed by the right for most of its history, either from the liberal conservative Independence Party or the center-right agrarian Progressive Party.
This changed after the international financial crisis of 2008, which led all three Icelandic commercial banks to default. The crisis generated massive anger as Icelanders didn't know what was going to happen with their savings. This led to massive protests that culminated in the resignation of the Prime Minister who was a member of the Independence Party. Consequently, in April 2009, a left-wing coalition by the Social Democratic Alliance and the Left-Green Movement formed a government together for the first time in the country's history.
This grassroots activism led to the appearance of outsider political projects like the now defunct Best Party, which started as political satire but ended with its leader Jón Gnarr winning the mayoral election in Reykjavík in 2010. More importantly, grassroots activism was further encouraged by the Panama Papers, which revealed that the Prime Minister of Iceland, Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson of the Progressive Party and their wife, had an undisclosed account in an offshore tax haven. The ensuing protests became the largest in Iceland's history, and made the Prime Minister resign. This led the way for the Pirate Party — a loose collection of anarchists, hackers and libertarians — to rise in prominence. Because of the Pirates, the national discussion shifted to a more socially tolerant narrative of a society willing to be open to the world.
Contrary to other countries in Europe, and despite its size, Iceland had been willing to receive refugees.
Thus, Iceland's 2016 elections presented very different options from the relatively traditional Independence Party and Progressive Party or the Social Democratic Alliance and Left-Green Movement. In addition to the Pirate Party, voters could also choose from the Bright Party, an eclectic socially liberal party, and the Reform Party, a new liberal party formed by defectors of the Independence Party. The elections led to a center-right coalition between the Independence Party, the Reform Party and the Bright Party.
Rather than blaming immigrants for their problems, Icelanders confronted the political class and created new parties that didn't resemble the wave of far-right populism. Now even the government realizes that Iceland needs immigrants, skilled and unskilled, to fulfill the demand in different aspects of the Icelandic economy. Contrary to other countries in Europe, and despite its size, Iceland had been willing to receive refugees, and the number of immigrants in Iceland keeps growing year by year. In times of demagoguery, Iceland remains friendly to foreigners. One can only hope that the world learn from this small country that foreigners bring prosperity.
More distance is good, but what good is that distance if you can't hold the green? Simply relying on distance is a thing of the past. Hitting the ball long AND high is the key to breakthrough performance. Take outside and see for yourself. "If someone were to give you an iron that is proven to go farther AND higher, you'd be out of your mind not to put it in play" – Jason Day 2015 PGA Championship Winner
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. Void where prohibited. Sweepstake begins at 12:01:00 a.m. PT on 3/15/16 and ends at 11:59:59 p.m. PT on 3/29/16. Open only to legal U.S. residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are the age of majority in their state of residence or older. Limit one entry per person. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received as well as the number of entrants specifying each specific iron. See Official Rules at http://taylormadegolf.com/experienceM2irons for additional eligibility restrictions, prize descriptions/restrictions/values, and complete terms and conditions. Sponsor: Taylor Made Golf Company, Inc. d/b/a TaylorMade-adidas Golf Company, 5545 Fermi Court, Carlsbad, CA 92008. © 2016 Taylor Made Golf Company, Inc.
Kompany says they have been a victim of racial abuse since their days as an Anderlecht youth player in Belgium
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany says it is "a joke" that Uefa is investigating the club after fans booed the Champions League anthem.
The incident took place before City's 2-1 home win over Sevilla on 21 October and European football's governing body later opened disciplinary proceedings.
"There is nothing holy about the Champions League anthem," said Kompany.
"We have played many games in Europe where there has been racial abuse - we have had to put up with it."
City supporters are understood to have regularly booed the Champions League anthem over the past year.
The Belgium defender, 29, added: "Uefa can do what they want to do, but in the end if people feel it's the right thing to do, they have the right to do it.
"How else can they show their frustration and somehow have a voice that matters?
Media playback is not supported on this device Listen to the booing on BBC Radio 5 live
"The fact that we were given the sanction is actually drawing more attention to what they are trying to do. We support our fans."
Last year a City fans' group led a protest against European football's governing body after 650 CSKA Moscow supporters gained access to the Khimki Arena for their Champions League game, despite the Russian club being ordered to play it behind closed doors.
CSKA were handed the sanction as punishment for a series of offences including racist chanting.
Kompany added: "In Moscow we weren't allowed to have any support inside the stadium. I don't see what our fans did wrong."
The case against Manchester City will be considered at a meeting of Uefa's disciplinary body on 19 November and a charge could follow.
It may seem a bit dated 30 years on, but at the time of its initial release Highlander marked the culmination of many firsts. It was the first major feature film made by Australian music video director Russell Mulcahy, who used the opportunity to inject fast-paced flash-cutting techniques which gave Highlander a fresh and exciting visual narrative. The script was a college assignment written by UCLA undergrad Gregory Widen – their first sale – and it was also only Christopher Lambert's second English-language feature after Tarzan epic Greystoke.
Highlander was also among the first films to employ Garrett Brown's cutting-edge Skycam technology – what could easily be mistaken for drone footage today was in fact shot by a computer-operated camera suspended on wires. This new technology coupled with Mulcahy's innovative approach meant that Highlander looked as stylish as one of their music videos without lacking in substance.
The film's core theme – immortality – is universally appealing and brings with it a host of potential scenarios which have been extensively explored throughout cinema history. But in Widen's unique take on the subject, Highlander is, in the end, a story about love and its existential flip-side, loneliness; which might just be the key to the film's multi-generational appeal. At a recent screening of a stunning new 4k restoration of the film, Christopher Lambert said that over the years, people have come up to them saying how their father showed them Highlander, and they in turn introduced their sons to the world of Connor MacLeod and The Kurgan.
Despite spanning hundreds of years and various global locations, Highlander is predominantly set in the 1980's New York City and 16th century Scotland, where Lambert's Connor MacLeod discovers that they are not like other men. Mentored by Sean Connery's Juan Sánchez Villa-Lobos Ramírez, MacLeod learns the art of sword fighting and the secret to harnessing their special powers. With a Frenchman playing a Scot, and a Scot playing an Egyptian, it stood to reason that American Clancy Brown should play the Russian villain, The Kurgan. One of cinema's all-time great bad guys, Brown's turn as the twisted killer spawned two of the film's greatest lines, which along with the iconic tagline ‘There can be only one!' are still quoted with relish by fans today.
The immortals must battle until only one remains, and to them go the spoils of ‘the prize'. If The Kurgan is the last man standing the world is doomed, and so it's up to MacLeod to ensure Kurgan's defeat and their own salvation. Lambert and Brown were dangerously involved in the special effects that were used to create the electrified sword fights. The swords were rigged up to hidden batteries so that when the blades clashed, sparks (and a few shocks) literally flew.
Though it represented new ground for many, Highlander was not a first for rock group Queen. The band had previously provided the soundtrack to Flash Gordon, and had promised Mulcahy one track for Highlander. The offer to contribute music for the film was originally turned down by Marillion due to their touring schedule, but the opportunity was not wasted by Freddie Mercury and co. In fact, the band were so impressed by the rough cut that they decided to make music for the entire film, which ended up forming the basis for their top-selling album ‘A Kind of Magic'. With a total of eight Queen tracks, Highlander also featured a score by Michael Kamen (Die Hard, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves); no doubt one of the contributing factors to the film's enduring success.
Electric sword fights, ancient battles and tragic love; what's not to love about Highlander? A hearty blend of action, fantasy, romance and humour, Widen's screenplay contains authenticity and wit in good measure, matched by Mulcahy's fearless filmmaking. It may have spawned a wave of carbon copies and a few inferior sequels – not to mention long-standing rumours about a remake – but the original fully deserves its legacy as a seminal piece of action fantasy.
A new 4K restoration of Highlander is available on Blu-ray/DVD 11 July.
Published 4 Jul 2016
Hardly a week passes without a new report into Britain's yawning social divide. And yawning is the response from the government and many voters who choose not to believe it, blame poor people themselves, or just don't care that much.
Yesterday the Joseph Rowntree Foundation reported an extra 400,000 children and 300,000 more pensioners falling into poverty since 2013, the day after the Social Mobility Commission resigned en masse, in protest at the government binning its every recommendation. This follows the Institute for Fiscal Studies warning that 37% of children will fall below the government's own poverty line by 2021.
Universities pump out facts about poverty, but what's the use if the politics and public sentiment of our times sees a nation blocking its ears? Benefits Street (from the misnamed Love Productions) generated more hate than any statistics about hard-working poor people can ever repair. That's just part of a 40-year post-Thatcher assault on the founding principles of the welfare state.
Last week marked the 75th anniversary of the Beveridge report, remembered as a heroic beacon amid the darkness of the second world war, later helping Clement Attlee's Labour trounce Winston Churchill in the 1945 election. But the spirit of 45 had a more prosaic beginning. Sir William Beveridge, an arrogant, prickly man, was shunted off into a minor job chairing a “tidying up operation” for sickness schemes. Has any civil servant ever so outrageously exceeded their remit?
Employed alongside people in the hardest jobs, I saw them sticking at it for little more than benefits would pay
What emerged in 1942 was a report that not only constructed an entire social security system, but a free health and education service as well. Its dry title – Social Insurance and Allied Services – didn't deter people from queueing outside HM Stationery Office for a copy. Hard technical reading was embellished with an eloquent opening and conclusion, and it sold 600,000 copies. “A revolutionary moment in the world's history is a time for revolutions, not patching,” wrote this Liberal, who was no socialist.
The principle was social insurance – you pay in for support in times of need. That moral notion at its core has always chimed with public opinion. Though politicians keep trying to recreate the insurance idea, which lingers on semi-fraudulently in national insurance, from the start it didn't solved many problems. Many, such as pensioners, needed support immediately despite never paying in, so supplementary benefit – means-tested – grew to pay people outside the system. Housing costs were an add-on, then as now, varying too wildly around Britain for a flat rate. There never is, was or can be a neat universal system. Besides, Beveridge planned for an all-male workforce when a man's wage was enough: now median families need two earners.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest William Beveridge in their study at University College, Oxford. Photograph: IWM/Getty Images
But ever since Thatcher's 1980s, the Tories have undermined Beveridge's ideas. Nicholas Timmins, whose newly updated book Five Giants chronicles the history of the welfare state, tracks the language change that heralded declining public trust. “Welfare state” and “social security” fell out of common usage after Charles Murray, deviser of the word “underclass”, blamed poverty on moral and character shortcomings – they are quoted approvingly again in this week's Sunday Times editorial. Tory ministers turned the word “welfare” into an abusive term, misleadingly branding the entire social security budget as “welfare” when most is pensions, not the dole, let alone scroungers.
A roll call of Tory ministers abusing “welfare” finally led to Iain Duncan Smith redefining poverty as lack of marriage and morals, not lack of money. George Osborne's pernicious attacks on families with their blinds down while others worked disguised the fact that most of poor people are in work. Over the decades they torpedoed the idea of a good welfare state, with a “them and us” attack separating the services we all use from “welfare” – just for “them”.
UK government warned over sharp rise in child and pensioner poverty Read more
Go back to the poor law and the dilemma is unchanged: how do you keep people from starving without the moral hazard of handouts corrupting work incentives? The workhouse was the perfect solution where poor people could work for their living – but they were phenomenally expensive, with little work done as most residents were very old, very sick or otherwise unfit. (Like most on benefits now.)
“Moral hazard” never notices the mysterious way that when jobs are plentiful, all able-bodied people work. But as soon as the economy falters or an area loses its industry, people turn overnight into morally derelict idlers, as if human nature shifts with the economy. In writing two books about manual work, 30 years apart, what struck me in every workplace was the strength of the work ethic. A near universal urge drives almost everyone to earn their living, even if the job pays little more than benefits. The mental depression caused by unemployment proves that paid work is an overpowering human need.
Working alongside people in the hardest jobs, I saw them often disrespected by callous employers, yet sticking at it for little more than benefits would pay. The work and pensions committee this week interrogates the savagery of how sick and unfit people are sanctioned to food bank starvation if they can't work. Beveridge insisted on conditionality, but nothing like this.
Never mind social mobility. Poverty is an insult to us all | Zoe Williams Read more
Poverty facts are well known. What researchers need to find is the key to recreating the public generosity spirit of 1945, despite Tory ministers and a Tory press. Does it take a war to feel “all in it together”? The crash and this longest stagnation drives people further apart: unlike war, it has hardly affected the better off. Even Labour's manifesto prioritised £10bn for student fees over repairing the £12bn benefit cuts.
Searching for new Beveridgean remedies, some suggest a universal basic income, paying everyone a wage regardless of need or wealth. But that too requires a revolution in willingness to pay higher taxes, to share more fairly and banish moral hazard fears. What level of inequality is too much for voters to bear? Time for some new Beveridge with a vision of society where most feel they have something to gain by a great collective endeavour. At least British Social Attitudes shows some movement towards a greater generosity of spirit. What's needed is more social research into how to touch the human heart.
• Polly Toynbee is a Guardian columnist
Steve Spurrier basically laughed off the notion that South Carolina's star defensive end Jadeveon Clowney should sit out the 2013 college football season to protect themselves for the 2014 draft.
The topic was first brought up by Charlotte Observer columnist Tom Sorensen, when they wondered if Clowney should sit out to avoid injury. Clowney is ineligible for this year's draft because he's not three years removed from high school. The only part of the column that didn't hold weight was when Sorensen said Clowney might not be the first pick of the 2013 NFL draft but would be a contender for it. Clowney would be the first pick of this draft, and most others. The Chiefs would already have the card to give to the commissioner written out. There shouldn't be a question about that.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The debate has gotten some traction this week, mostly because it raises good points on the NFL's draft eligibility rule, one of the worst and most unfair in all sports.
[Also: Big Ten not all too excited about new, wide-open football recruiting rules]
There's no concern that Clowney will actually sit out, and Spurrier dismissed the idea when asked about it by the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Story continues
“Well, I hope they play this year, and I certainly believe they should play," Spurrier told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. "Now if money was their only goal in life, then they couldn't play. And they might not get into a car before next year's draft, so they wouldn't be in a car wreck and get injured. They would be just very, very careful for a year not to have any kind of injury." “But Jadeveon likes football. Football players play football. They don't wait around on this, that or the other. He's really good about avoiding injuries and so forth. They know how to get out of harm's way if there's a big pileup around a tackle. I think the odds of them getting hurt are not nearly as much as a running back or somebody like that. “I think they want to play. I certainly hope and believe they do. I think they should play for South Carolina this season.”
It's nice that Clowney's college coach thinks Clowney should play college ball because they are in little danger of being hurt before they become the top pick of the NFL draft, but it doesn't take away from the biggest point: Clowney is ready to play in the NFL and it should be their choice to go to the league if they want. If they had the option to leave for the NFL and passed to stay in college, great for him. At least he'd have that choice. If coming out after this season was that damaging to their career and they aren't physically ready, NFL teams wouldn't draft them – and we all know that's not happening. Clowney is ready right now, that's very clear.
But the NFL can keep its free minor league going, and college football has one of its stars back for another year to help fill seats and get television ratings. Works out great for everyone. Except Clowney, whose professional future could be damaged by one offensive lineman stumbling into their knee next season.
[Also: Four Alabama football players arrested on robbery charges]
The debate doesn't matter in this case. Clowney isn't going to the NFL and it's very unlikely they sit out. They seemed amused by the chatter, based on a tweet sent from an account that has been connected to him:
I'm playing lol — jadeveon clowney 7(@clownejd) February 12, 2013
So, we hope Spurrier is right and Clowney stays healthy. It didn't work out well for Gamecocks running back Marcus Lattimore. We don't need another sad story to illustrate how unfair the NFL's three-year rule is.
- - -
Want to join the conversation? Hit us up on Twitter @YahooDrSaturday and be sure to "Like" Dr. Saturday on Facebook for football conversations and stuff you won't see on the blog.
College basketball video from Yahoo! Sports:
Other popular content on Yahoo! Sports:
• Dan Wetzel: IOC's poor decision to add golf costs wrestling its spot in Olympics
• Kobe calls out Twitter user for insult
• Report: Mike Piazza planned revenge on Roger Clemens
A number of cats were found during a search and rescued from a home in Seaside, Calif. Monterey County authorities discovered 113 dead kittens spread out over two residential properties believed to be owned by a cat hoarder AP Photo/SPCA for Monterey County
(CBS/AP) SAN FRANCISCO - Authorities said they found 113 dead kittens Tuesday in an apartment they believe to have belonged to a cat hoarder. None of the dead kittens appeared to be more than two months old. Dozens of ailing adult cats were also discovered in another house nearby.
Seaside police and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals for Monterey County discovered the animals in a joint effort and served search warrants at the properties, SPCA Sgt. Stacy Sanders said. Officers were alerted by a property manager who discovered dead kittens during an inspection.
Another tip told them that more cats were moved to a nearby house. A group of investigators went there and discovered 51 adult cats that were alive, but sick and neglected.
"The cats were living in extremely horrible conditions," Sanders said. "They were separated into two groups and locked into rooms with little to no ventilation. The floors were saturated in urine and feces."
Officers stayed about six hours to recover all the cats.
"We had to go through every nook and cranny, pull apart every bed and chair," Sanders said.
SPCA staff members treated the surviving cats, which are now in stable condition. SPCA spokesperson Beth Brookhouser said most of those animals had respiratory infections, parasites and broken teeth. Two underwent emergency surgery for potentially life-threatening uterus infections. At least five were pregnant.
No arrests were made, but the SPCA referred the case to the Monterey County district attorney's office to consider criminal animal abuse charges. They declined to identify the suspected hoarder while the investigation is ongoing.
Sanders said authorities received tips that the cats may have been taken from the street. The officers are asking community members to send in photos of their missing cats.
In an interview with the Radio Times this week, actor, documentarian, campaigner and city planner Joanna Lumley opined that Idris Elba, long rumoured to be the next James Bond, should not play the role as they do not fit Ian Fleming's original description of the character.
Joanna Lumley: Idris Elba should not play James Bond as they don't fit description Read more
In this Joanna Lumley is correct, although perhaps unintentionally so. What would Bond look like, if they had actually existed and been allowed to age? Bond scholars have it that the character would have been born in 1920 or 1921, educated at Eton and Fettes College, later doing a stint in the navy, famously racist, sexist and homophobic, and given to emitting embarrassing quips at the most inopportune moments. Which means that Bond, if they were alive today, would be 96 and look exactly like Prince Philip. The similarities between the two men are astonishing when you pause to look at them: same year of birth, public schooling and international education, military background, and a lifetime spent in unquestioning service to the queen. The two men's best one-liners are routinely anthologised by tabloids and lads' mags. The only significant difference between the two men is that Prince Philip has had the decency finally to retire.
As for a physical description of their hero, Fleming calls their protagonist handsome while noting, somewhat contradictorily, that they resemble the singer Hoagy Carmichael. There we have it: Bond, such as they were described in a series of books written by a white man in the 60s, does not resemble Elba, a black man born in the 70s. Lumley, who was born to another pre-war, patriotic, military James (Major James Rutherford Lumley), in India, in the last year of British colonial rule, called it right.
Lumley presumably holds this view because they cherish the character, and the old-school British values of heroism and masculinity it connotes, and wants the actor playing them to be authentic. On the other hand, you could argue that if Elba cannot play a character, because they are too modern, too black, not upper-class enough, then the character should be shelved, much like their Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. We don't need any more Bond films. We now know, in fact – not least because Bond is hero-worshipped by Piers Morgan – that the character is toxic.
Bond belongs to a grotesque tradition, born of British Empire, of separating boys from their parents at a very young age to send them to be bullied and sometimes raped in public schools, in order to toughen them up. This results in Bond's terrifying, emotionless nihilism, or the give-a-shit rudeness of Prince Philip. Philip Larkin surely had this tradition in mind when they wrote that “man hands on misery to man”. Elba does not belong to this world and cannot convincingly portray it. The character has been modernised over the years, particularly since Jason Bourne came along to make Pierce Brosnan's bouffant look (more) preposterous; but in essence, the character stands for an idea of empire, of British heroism, that is rooted in very specific socio-historical circumstances.
Can Elba play a handsome, exciting, sexy British spy? Damn right. But this would be to unclaw the character and sanitise their hideous, harmful trappings. Therefore, if Elba does not have the right profile to play a dinosaur, it seems obvious that we shouldn't update the dinosaur, but consign it to history: let us shelve Bond as the museum artifact that they are, write Elba any number of other roles, and talk of 007 no more.
Things To Consider
VPNs create a secure communications channel by encrypting all network communications over an insecure network (Internet, for example) and allow circumventing geo-location restrictions by switching between various exit locations.
And while most VPNs are secure, not all guarantee complete privacy. Since all information travels through a VPN's servers all that data can be logged by the provider. Depending on the jurisdiction a VPN falls within log retention laws might force the provider to keep the logs in case government chooses to access them and some services might simply choose to keep logs on their own. This information can usually be found in Terms of Service. Unfortunately, there's no way to know for sure if the VPN service is or is not keeping logs unless it's self-made, thus trust in the service is a requirement.
Good VPNs will have good speeds and provide a good selection of exit locations and connectivity protocols. Connectivity protocols such as SSL/TLS, PPTP, IPSec, L2TP all provide secure connections and differences between them don't matter much for the average user as they're highly situational. Exit locations can be important if working around geo-location restrictions is important.
Speed will vary depending on a few things and it should be mentioned that the maximum speed is still limited by the ISP. The most important factor affecting speed is distance between the ISP and VPN server and in most cases where the situation is favorable will result in about a 10% hit to speed. Of course, each exit location will most likely have different speeds so it's worth trying out various exits to see what works best.
EXCLUSIVE: Open Road Films has scheduled an unofficial screening of the Oliver Stone-directed Snowden at an undisclosed location in downtown San Diego during Comic-Con, which kicks off Wednesday. It'll be the first time the movie will be seen at all, and it will be followed by a Q&A with Stone, Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Shailene Woodley. If that wasn't intriguing enough, I'm told that Edward Snowden will be live, via Internet. The screening is an invitation-only affair.
This will follow the previously scheduled plan for venerable writer-director Stone to make their first Comic-Con appearance in Hall H, where he'll be joined by those cast members as well as Zachary Quinto, with my old pal Dave Karger moderating.
Quinto is already there for the Wednesday night premiere of Star Trek Beyond.
“Then, if we stay together, we'll be immortal!” -Yukari Hinata, Yuyushiki, Episode 5
Nearly all high school slice-of-life stories – K-ON!, Yuyushiki, Hidamari Sketch, Azumanga Daioh, even Free! immediately come to mind – pit the looming implications of graduation against the every day life of series participants. High school is a perfect fishbowl setting that allows for exploration in friendship group dynamics while the audience puts on their rose-tinted nostalgia glasses and celebrates their personal youth through a happier framework.
Graduation becomes something often dreaded by in-universe characters, as it will inevitably tear them apart. While they scramble about organizing their future plans, graduation to the viewer becomes the final curtain that closes across the stage, effectively ending the narrative.
As the audience is presumably watching a slice of the characters' lives, the implication is that life goes on after that series or manga volume, just as their life continued – or will continue – following high school. It is this structure that School-Live! plays with.
When Yuki Takeya comes up with something for their club to do – be it a trip to the mall, sports festival, or graduation album – the event is almost always something that would also happen in a so-called normal slice-of-life series. This creates obvious tension because the world that Yuki and their club inhabit is one ravaged by zombies. Their new high school life is a more literal fishbowl as they are trapped within the school.
As the newest member of the School Living Club, Miki Naoki supplies an important critical viewpoint. While the rest of the club hides their emotions a bit better – and with Yuki living blissfully in their own ignorance – Miki is a bit more nervous and high-strung. She's constantly preoccupied with their own pessimistic thoughts of their situation, to the point where it previously forced them into staying put rather than moving forward. When Yuki comes up with a sports festival, Miki is the person who wonders why they are having fun rather than something more serious.
At the end of School-Live!'s sixth episode, Miki realizes why Yuki's attitude, even if it is based on a delusional outlook, is so important. When they were trapped in the mall, Miki's friend Kei challenged them to look past simply surviving and move forward to living. Yuki's presence transforms the School Living Club from a club about surviving a zombie apocalypse in a school to truly having life in spite of those dire conditions.
Zombification has been equated with many things – slavery, consumerism, general conformity, among others – and in School-Live! it's mashed directly with a slice-of-life schoolgirl narrative, somewhat replacing the impending doom of graduation. The important thing for Yuki and company is to find a way to both survive and live in a manner that means something to them personally. Like graduation, death, or simply being an adult, a zombie is a nebulous thing that cannot be defined without becoming one. And that lack of knowledge can be terrifying.
“All people's memories are vague. That's why you need to do things like talk to people and keep a journal. That makes memories become more tangible. At least that's what I think, even if the person that it's about goes away.” -Megumi Sakura (Megu-nee), School-Live!, Episode 7
Much like a typical high school slice-of-life setting, the girls of School-Live! won't be able to live in the school forever. Eventually, they'll have to move on, with the hope that there are other survivors out there. While a lack of knowledge is almost always a constant source of fear, in this one specific case it also offers hope.
Advertisements
The United States Department of Energy probably thought it successfully shoved its skeletons back in the closet after everyone finished binge-watching Stranger Things this summer. After a brief and light-hearted stretch where people wondered, “But what is the DOE really doing?” the government body decided to set the record straight, writing a blog post called “What ‘Stranger Things' Didn't Get Quite-So-Right About the Energy Department,” in which they claim that while the DOE “doesn't chart parallel universes, it does help power the exploration of new worlds.” But things got more intriguing earlier this week, when the DOE sent the U.S. Energy secretary Ernest Moniz to Chelsea Handler's eponymous Netflix talk show to address whether or not the department really is incubating monsters in a parallel dimension. Moniz was game to keep up the DOE's sinister new reputation, saying, “I will note that we do work in parallel universes.”
So who can we trust? A writer for the Washington Free Beacon wanted to get information straight from the source, so they actually filed Freedom of Information Act request to the DOE's public affairs office to get their assessment of Stranger Things from the inside. And they received a pretty sizable stack of papers in return.
I FOIA'd DOE's public affairs office for internal talk of Netflix's Stranger Things. This is...more than I expected pic.twitter.com/asSgPllk8J — Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) October 6, 2016
Within that ream were a few fun tidbits, like the department's director of strategic communications and messaging saying in an email, “It's not true that ‘the Energy Department doesn't explore parallel universes.' We support theoretical physicists/cosmologists through the Office of Science High Energy Physics program, some of whom almost certainly are doing a fair amount of research on parallel universes,” which supports what secretary Moniz said on Chelsea. There's another exchange that has one staffer saying, “We actually do make weapons” before touching on the atomic energy commission's history of experimentation.
Update on this: these are some seriously shady redactions pic.twitter.com/3DTrHaro2c — Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) October 6, 2016
But just because DOE workers are theoretically privy to a dark shadow network of supernatural research and human weapons testing doesn't mean they don't hate spoilers just like the rest of us:
These poor @energy staffers never stood a chance pic.twitter.com/kqs15AEetE — Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) October 6, 2016
And we can rest easy knowing that we're all on the same team when it comes to Barb.
Despite the Knicks‘ playoff hopes being essentially non-existent at the halfway mark of the season, rookie coach Derek Fisher has no intention of allowing their team to tank for a shot at a higher lottery selection, Peter Botte of The New York Daily News writes. “I've only worked for one team in this capacity so I can't get into what other teams may or may not feel,” Fisher said. “The only way I know how to approach a game is to try to win it every time. So I can't read other people's minds and what other organizations are trying to do. That's not my job. You're asking the wrong person about that. Maybe if you talk to them you can ask them. But there's no interest in thinking about which pick we might get based on the way the ping pong [ball] bounces when we play Philadelphia Wednesday night.”
“There's just no correlation in my mind,” Fisher continued. “Maybe some people see it differently. It's the NBA. You always will get a chance to have good players. But will you have a foundation, a system, a way of playing that allows for the good players you have or the good players you eventually have in the future to be able to be successful?”
Here's more from the Atlantic Division:
Myanmar's government today released 73 political prisoners indicating that more could be freed in coming months, as the president promised during a recent trip to Europe, according to Reuters.
Former general and now president of Myanmar's quasi-civilian government, Thein Sein, has managed a number of political and economic reforms since the long-time military government stepped down in 2011.
Facing demands from rights groups, they have in their time freed hundreds of political detainees and made promises for more in an effort to ease the pressure from rights groups and international sanctions.
Last year, IRIN Asia — a humanitarian news and analysis organization — reported that rights groups, including Burma Campaign UK, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Assistance Association for Political Prisoners (Burma), were calling for the “final release” of remaining political prisoners—then numbering more than 300, including 26 monks.
Calls for release continue to be made, as recently as June 7.
Thailand-based Assistance Association for Political Prisoners — an organization “staffed entirely by former political prisoners that provides assistance to political prisoners and monitors and documents human rights” — released a statement last month “kindly acknowledging” President Thein Sein's words, but asking for more action.
The statement requested that the president commit to “emptying Burma's prisons of all political prisoners and ensuring no one is arrested for their political beliefs or activities.”
During a trip to Britain last week, Thein Sein vowed to free the remaining detainees by the end of this year.
"A total of 73 political prisoners are being released from various detention centers today," Hla Maung Shwe, a member of the Committee to Scrutinise Remaining Political Prisoners, told Reuters. "The total number of remaining political prisoners has now dropped to lower than 100 for the first time in many years."
An Assistance Association for Political Prisoners list of political detainees—most recently updated in May of this year—marked 183 remaining prisoners prior to today's amnesty.
“Today's release of political prisoners is another welcome step forward, however, there is still much work to be done,” David Swanson, head of desk in Bangkok for IRIN, told GlobalPost in an email interview. “Many of the laws that put these people in prison in the first place are still in place.”
Indeed, an article published yesterday on Asian Correspondent also takes issue with the laws that call for arrest. The article, which is critical of the British government's praise of Thein Sein last week, notes that Myanmar continues to add political prisoners to its collection because rather than eliminating the laws under which they were arrested, the government is simply making them less blatant.
“For those recent additions to the country's jail cells, the London speech will ring hollow,” the article said. “It may be that the concept of a political prisoner is being repackaged for future use – the more overtly political charges, for example the Video Act or Unlawful Association Act, may be sidelined in favour of seemingly more legitimate ones: negligent homicide or inciting public unrest, for example – ones that other democratic countries like the UK use, and who would therefore have more trouble criticizing the Burmese government for using.”
Thein Sein's government has set up a committee to examine and decide which prisoners are being held for criminal acts and which ones are there for political reasons.
The 19-member committee includes 10 former political prisoners, six government appointees and three mediators, including Hla Maung Shwe, who told Reuters that the committee “meets once a month and we expect the remaining political prisoners will be freed by the end of this year as the president said during their recent visit to Europe."
Investigators do not think that a man who opened fire Thursday night on four police officers with an AR-15-style weapon in Baltimore had staged an ambush, as initially feared, the police commissioner said at a news conference Friday.
But the commissioner, Kevin Davis, repeatedly pointed out the dangers of the semiautomatic gun, which police displayed for reporters, and which they said fired .223- caliber bullets capable of piercing the protective vests worn by patrol officers.
Davis described the gunman, who was fatally shot by police, as a repeat violent offender who “was somehow able to get a rifle like that.” They lamented that “there are guns like this all over the place” and that as the nation's “conversation on guns drags on, we're lucky we don't have four dead cops today.”
Davis said authorities are working to trace the gun's origin and determine how the shooter obtained it. But they said it seems the gun was assembled from parts taken from other weapons and that identifying a manufacturer might be impossible. They described the weapon as a rifle with a pistol-grip handle; it has also been described it as a long pistol.
[Police say gunman opened fire on officers with AR-15 style weapon]
What Davis said they are sure of is that “it is a firearm that is out on the streets of Baltimore. It shouldn't be. . . . These weapons are designed to kill.”
Police identified the gunman as Dayten E. Harper, 33. Authorities said they live near the apartment complex in West Baltimore where the attack occurred. Court records show they have been convicted in Maryland of armed carjacking and assault and has numerous other arrests, including one for attempted murder that was dropped by prosecutors.
The shooting in Baltimore occurred one week after a sniper in Dallas killed five police officers and injured nine others, and on the same day that federal authorities warned law enforcement agencies in Maryland about credible threats from gangs about killing police.
Davis said no evidence has surfaced that Thursday night's assailant was connected to that threat or that they tried to lure officers to the apartment complex to shoot them. Officers turned into the parking lot because they heard gunshots, Davis said, and came under fire.
“They went toward trouble and they were met by a gunman who turned the firearm . . . on them,” Davis said. But the commissioner said recent mass shootings and the targeting of police in Dallas makes this “a unique time, a challenging time.” They said not every incident “fits into that national discussion, and we don't believe last night's did. . . . There was a guy outside shooting a gun. Officers heard the gunfire, and they went to investigate. They were fired on by a bad guy. That's not the first time that's happened in Baltimore.”
But Davis said the motive remains a mystery, and police are not sure whether Harper was shooting at someone else as officers arrived.
The incident began shortly before 9:30 p.m., when four officers dressed in plain clothes sitting inside an unmarked Nissan Altima heard gunshots while driving in the 2300 block of Winchester Street. They were all wearing protective vests that said “police” and badges.
When they pulled into the parking lot of an apartment complex, Davis said, they saw a man shooting with the AR-15-style rifle. Davis said the man turned toward the officers in the vehicle and opened fire from about 50 yards away.
All four officers got out and two — veterans of 16 and six years — returned fire. Police said that Harper, thought to be wounded, ran through an open area of the apartment building and threw the weapon into some trees. They then went to a second-floor landing.
At least two officers found them on the landing and began treating them for a bullet wound to their upper body, police said. But Davis described those initial moments as chaotic, with reports broadcast over police radios of a possible second gunman inside the complex.
The officers and the wounded Harper were trapped on the second-floor landing for about 90 minutes while tactical officers secured the building. A police spokesperson said the officers treated Harper but couldn't move from their position, and paramedics could not go to them.
“It remained a hot, active scene,” Davis said. “Those long guns have the power to reach out and touch someone from a long, long distance.” No other shooter was found, and about 11 p.m., officials got Harper into an ambulance and took them to a hospital, where they died.
“We don't know why they shot at us,” Davis said, “but we know how it makes us feel. Angry. Sad. Bewildered.”
They said that residents had offered support all day Friday: “They want to us to know they have our back.”
XEM Coin to reach the price of $2 in few days
Most of the people were skeptical about investing in cryptocurrency before the recent development of Bitcoin which gained a great market share in 2 months while priced at 1BTC = $19000. Recently the news broke out about XEM coin to be integrated with wechat and ripple to be accepted in Japan. Since the news broke out, the coin started the trend of going up in cryptocurrency market.
Want to know more about WeChat and NEM/XEM partnership? Click here
While priced at 0.5600 USD a few days ago (3 days), XEM has now reached a record high of $1.1198. While studying the past market trends, it has been observed that the best time to invest in cryptocurrency is before the start of a new year. Considering the amount of fame that cryptocurrency has scored in the recent times due to Bitcoin spike, we believe that cryptocurrency is soon going to be a reality of cyber funds exchange.
Talking more about the recent partnership of WeChat and XEM, we would like to highlight that there has been no official statement from Wechat but XEM can be an addon in the wechat system. We are still waiting for an official statement from XEM as well.
By saying all of it, we would like to inform the readers that investing in cryptocurrency is a risk and investing your savings is a foolish deed. if you want to invest in NEM or any other coin, December 2017 is the best time to invest but start with a little amount and go big regardless of investing your savings since cryptocurrency is still a bubble that can burst at any point from now and onwards. Rumours are there that cryptocurrency would be widely accepted by the financial institutions but It's still a very vague statement.
The best way to invest in XEM at this point is livecoin.net and spectrocoin.com
6. Marriage is a civil ceremony, which means it's a civil right.
In the story of the good Samaritan, Jesus summarized our ethical duty as being a good neighbor. In the story, someone is injured on the road leading to the holy city of Jerusalem and lies wounded by the side of the road. Priestly types see the man lying wounded, but pass on by so as to remain pure for their religious obligations in Jerusalem.
Finally, a Samaritan man stops to help. The fact that Jesus used a Samaritan in this teaching story is important. Samaritans were considered outsiders in every sense of the word. They weren't quite Israelite and not quite Jewish. Why would Jesus use an outsider as the example of being a good neighbor?
Jesus seems to be asking us to consider what we owe to someone who is not from our group. The people passing by the wounded man used religion as an excuse not to meet the needs of a stranger. Many who think of themselves as followers of Jesus have never understood this parable. To update the story, the Samaritan might be Muslim or gay or atheist. The point is, it doesn't matter what group someone is from, we have a duty to help them meet their human needs.
Being a good neighbor in the political sense means not depriving others of their rights and needs. According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, people have a right to have a home and family. While some would use scripture to deny them of that right, I think the parable of the Good Samaritan calls us to a deeper understanding of the issue.
Marriage is as much a civil institution as it is a religious one. Contrary to what some claim, the Bible gives no clear definition of marriage. Jesus' statement at the wedding at Cana that a man is to leave their parents and cleave to their wife is hardly a complete ethical treatise on marriage. We find many examples of marriages that were not between one man and one woman. Lots of the heroes of scripture had more than one wife. So if the church wants to return to honesty on this subject, it must first stop pretending that its views on marriage are coming from scripture.
But even if there were a clear definition of marriage in scripture, Jesus is saying in this parable and throughout their teaching that we are never true to their teaching if we don't care about what others need. The parable of the Good Samaritan calls us to a secular response to human suffering. It does not matter if others are Christian or not, we have a duty to help them meet their human needs.
Jesus is saying not to read scripture in a way that deprives others of what they need. In the parable of the Good Samaritan, the people obeying scripture and passing by the wounded stranger to remain pure are the bad example. The good example is the one who knows when to lay down their Bible and respond from the heart.
Being a good neighbor in a democracy means being a good citizen, which means not requiring others to be like us before we honor their human and civil rights. The Bible does not clearly define what a marriage is, which has given the church great flexibility across history to adapt the civil definition of marriage to what people need in different cultural settings. But, because marriage is a civil ceremony, it is also a civil right.
Germany is the fourth largest economy and is globally third in both imports and exports. Whether it is business-to-business or consumer products and services, negotiating with Germany is a key to international marketing growth. There are four important cultural skills to remember to succeed in negotiating with Germans.
Punctuality
Germans follow the clock more closely than any other country. Trains arrive on time. If a train is just a few minutes late, German commuters grumble as they focus on their watches. When negotiating with Germans on marketing contract:
Arrive at least fifteen minutes before the meeting. Being late is a huge taboo. It tells the Germans you cannot be counted on;
Keep the agenda simple. Make the objective clear and quickly get to the main point. There will be questions, debates, and discussions. Budget time accordingly;
Face-to-face or teleconference meetings begin and end exactly on time. Germans are polite, but do not burn valuable minutes with too much small talk. If a one-hour meeting begins at 9:00AM, the meeting will end at 10:00AM in the middle of a sentence.
Debates
Germans enjoy arguing and debating. A visitor may view them as angry. In fact, Germans rarely get personal. As my German manager often reminded me, “I am debating your position, not you.” They believe a good idea improves after a debate. A weak idea fails in these types of discussion. Consider the following with negotiating with Germans:
A question or debate about a marketing proposal means they are interested. Silence suggests the Germans are not interested. Go on to the next subject;
Do not get upset about an irritating question. Remember, it is not personal. Germans use fewer words per sentence, therefore, the translation to English loses some diplomacy;
Engage in the debate. Defend the proposal. Germans are checking to see if the marketing proposal is solid.
Details
Germans love data when considering a decision. Their appetite to digest figures and numbers seems endless. This tends to delay negotiations as the German partner continues to ask for more information. When negotiating with Germans, contemplate the following:
Understand expectations before the meeting. If you are proposing a social networking campaign, what kind of dashboard information is anticipated in your proposal? Germans are happy to share their data expectations before the meeting;
Enthusiasm will not overcome weak data. Germans are serious people. Trying to persuade them with fervor and humor does not work;
Plan time at the before the end of the meeting to develop a list of additional data needed to increase your German partner's confidence in the proposal.
Negotiating with Germans
A popular German proverb is, “Erst denken, dann handelin – first think, then act.” Understand your German marketing partner's expectations. Gather the data. Efficiently plan the meeting with time for discussions. Start and end on time. Confidently engage in debates. Follow-up the meeting with specific actions.
The planning portion of the campaign will be longer than expected. The efficiency of implementation will make up time and lead to success.
School of Management degree programs at Nazareth College: http://bit.ly/1U4rQqs
David Cameron is planning to offer Nick Clegg a deal on Lords reform which would result in the expulsion of the remaining 92 hereditary peers and the election of a similar number of members at the next general election in 2015.
In a major watering down of Clegg's reform plans, the prime minister is planning to tell the Liberal Democrats that no further reforms would be introduced in this parliament.
The government would declare that the next parliament would be free to press ahead with further elections.
Clegg had hoped the elections to a new chamber in 2015 would be the first of three steps that would lead to 80% of the members of a 450-strong house elected by 2025.
Ministerial sources have indicated that the prime minister is planning to tell Clegg the Conservative party will not accept their reforms in their present form. Cameron licked their wounds on Wednesday after 91 Tory MPs staged the largest rebellion of the parliament to vote against the second reading of the House of Lords reform bill. It is understood that No 10 believes it may be able to reduce the core rebel group to around 30 Tory MPs if the Lib Dems agree to water down the plans.
The ideas being drawn up by the Tories are likely to come as a shock to some Lib Dems who still hope that the bulk of Clegg's plans will be put to the House of Commons in the autumn. But Clegg did float an idea along the lines of the plans now being drawn up by the Tories.
In their speech on Monday to open the two-day Commons debate on Lords reform, the deputy prime minister said they were willing to allow MPs to debate at the committee stage of the bill whether to pause the legislation after the first elections in 2015. Clegg told MPs: "It is essential that we make a start by having the first 120 elected peers elected in 2015. If members of this place want further reassurance about the triggers that would allow the second and third waves of election to take place, of course I, and the government as a whole, will be prepared to engage with that."
But Lib Dem sources made clear after Clegg's speech that the government would only allow a debate on a pause. If a vote were held at committee stage on this coalition, MPs would be instructed to vote against it, the sources said.
The Tories are now using Clegg's mild concession as the heart of a planned deal. In exchange for guaranteeing Tory support for lords reform, the prime minister would demand that Lib Dems support their plans to reduce the House of Commons from 650 to 600 members.
Ministers are looking at the possibility of passing the Lords reform legislation in the Commons and voting on the boundary changes between June and October next year. The boundary change is a relatively straightforward vote to pass a statutory instrument. Ending the Commons stages of Lords reform by the autumn of next year is designed to ensure that the parliament act can be used to force the reforms through, if peers object, by the time of the 2015 general election.
Senior Tories say the prime minister hopes the size of the rebellion and their angry exchanges with the Tory rebel leader Jesse Norman show that they have to compromise with their side. "Parliament is back," one ministerial source said. "The reality is that the executive is not as powerful as people think. Basically, this boils down to a deal. If we deliver lords reforms, they have to deliver boundary reforms. And remember this – they only need to deliver the 'payroll vote' [of ministers and their PPSs] to ensure the boundary changes are passed."
The prime minister is understood to be irritated with their whips. One Tory source said: "The whips really were sending out mixed signals."
Downing Street said Cameron was committed to talking to their own MPs and to presenting the Lords reform bill again to parliament in the autumn. As a first step, the government would table a "time allocation motion" setting timer limits to debates – the normal practice, observed by all recent governments.
Unlike the "programme motion" withdrawn by the government on Tuesday in the face of the Tory rebellion, the new motion can be amended. This is designed to put the pressure on Labour, which says it supports Lords reform but is opposed to imposing any time limits before the bill is committed to its next stage.
A Downing Street source said the prime minister was keen to find a way ahead. But the source said: "We want to get this through. We are trying to achieve House of Lords reform.
"But we do not want to snarl up the government's legislative programme on Lords reform. It is not a top priority for the government. We do not want to talk about House of Lords reform from now until the end of time. Fixing the economy and reforming welfare are our priorities."
The signals from the Tories on their plans for the reform came after Ed Miliband taunted Cameron in the commons for weaknesses after the Tory rebellion.
South by Southwest is starting this week and one of the more surprising, and exciting, films playing is the Napster documentary Downloaded, directed by Alex Winter. Yes, the same Alex Winter who starred in The Lost Boys and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. The movie is an engaging and entertaining tale of a culture milestone and we'll have a full interview with Winter talking about the film later this week.
But when you've got Alex Winter on the phone, you have to ask them the question: “What's up with Bill and Ted 3?” We know both they and co-star Keanu Reeves are interested and director Dean Parisot (Galaxy Quest) is attached. But what's the latest?
Winter explained that while it might feel like there's some major hold up with the sequel, that's simply not the case. They and their co-stars just started talking about the project prematurely and it's still going through its natural development. Read their quotes below.
/Film: We know that there's a director attached [to Bill and Ted 3], you guys are both interested and people working on the screenplay. At this point, what's the hold up? Do you think it's actually going to happen?
Alex Winter: Well the funny thing is there really isn't a hold up. Nothing held it up other than it got leaked really early in the process, so these things take a shitload of time to get bobbed around and we are really just in the process. It's really mundane to report the day-to-day process of trying to get a movie made. “Right now they're doing a rewrite?” You know? That's my news, “they are doing a rewrite.” That will take a while and then we will look at it and that might need another rewrite and that will be my next bit of news. So it's just like… The short answer is it got leaked way too early. It got leaked just as we started, me and Keanu and Chris and Ed, the two writers just started to put it together. Then you've got the whole genesis of putting it together in front of you still, which is where we are at now.
And we were just talking about media and Napster as sort of the whole reporting of films has sort of changed.
Well completely. I mean absolutely. There's such a constant… The flow of information… The comprehension of how things work has not caught up with the flow of information. Do you know what I mean? So that often leads to confusion, because people are just like “Well I read about this four years ago” and I'm like “Well yeah, but it takes four to six years to get most of this stuff made.” It's just where we are at, and look I don't have any problem with the fact that it got leaked, because it's nice that people are interested in talking about it. It's not like you could complain that people are interested and we all feel kind of jazzed that people give a crap frankly. We're just off trying to make sure that if we do it, it's good.
So don't fret Bill and Ted fans. Your heroes will most likely return. It's just taking a while to make it good.
Winter's latest film, Downloaded, premieres at SXSW later this week. We'll have much more on it soon.
Remember the 4G girl who has gripped the TV viewers more than any cine actor for their convincing acts to say 4G of Airtel is real and true? Yes, those who could not download or watch the India-Pakistan cricket match decided to take them to the court for false advertisement while the social media is trolling them every minute.
Now the 4G girl, Sasha Chettri, has decided to quit Airtel and join Reliance Jio after admitting that their image was tarnished as Airtel failed to live up to its expectations as advertised.One Umiam Lake of Shillong has moved the court against them for not viewing the India vs West Indies World T20 Semi final clash on their mobile phone despite the promises made by them on Airtel 4G advertisements.
They said, “India has never lost whenever I watch the match. Due to this strange Airtel 4G girl's advertisement, I took Airtel SIM, and then it was all blank. The match couldn't be streamed, and I couldn't watch the match and India lost. Sasha now must pay the price.”
Now that they have been dragged into legal battle, Sasha said in a Twitter interview, they said, “Paka daala yaar!” (Bugged me off dude!) Don't these trolls have any other task?” But they failed to reason out why they went so far to defend Airtel 4G despite complaints that it hardly worked in many parts of the country, leave alone capturing livestreaming.
Though Airtel sheepishly admitted through another ad by them from the same location of Umiam Lake in Shillong where Sasha's friends tell her:”Famous on TV, non-stop, loud speaker.” They reply,”Thoda over ho gaya… Glad we are here, 4G se bhi break, public se bhi break!”. Now that they realised the onus of over-advertisement on inadequate infrastructure of Airtel, they have decided to jump to Reliance Jio of India's richest business person Mukesh Ambani, who promised 80 times faster Internet connection.
Mukesh Ambani's dream venture Reliance Jio 4G, which will be launched in April, according to some leaked reports, offers up to 75GB of data for Rs.200 and low cost voice plans for Rs.35 to Rs.37, way below its rivals. Coming to 4G plans of Reliance Jio is planning to offer 40GB data plans in the price range of Rs.700 to Rs.800 for the first three months, but it will change after. In comparison, Airtel offers 20GB under its 4G plan at a whopping Rs.3,000 per month and very often you may face lower bandwidth though usage-wise it is erratic.
The moment it reaches 80% of the bandwidth usage, the speed of Airtel falls down making it difficult to use again until you cough up more money say Rs.250 for 1GB for your dongle.
Reliance Jio owns pan-India 4G license for 2300MHz band, and claims over 1 lakh LTE base stations in India, covering more than 100,000 villages and 18,000 towns and cities. It is relying on BSNL and RCom's networks for its voice services. In addition, it is building apps for cloud storage, music and video streaming to go with its 4G launch.
Apart from the price, two other parameters of 4G/LTE are speed – download speed and ‘time coverage', which are very low in India. The present 4G download speed is around 10 Mbps and time coverage (the percentage of time for which a subscriber is connected to the LTE network) is just 50%, way below 30 MBPS and 97% time coverage in other countries. Reliance Jio is expected to fill this gap instead of relying on price war alone.
The question is that people who watched very high advertisement pitch of Sasha in Airtel but thoroughly disappointed may not buy their words again on Reliance Jio. Perhaps, Reliance should tweak their advertisements or select a new face to showcase their mettle. More than anything, Ambani should deliver what they have promised, that is, 80 times more powerful Internet connection in India.
If you weren't around to experience it yourself, you've probably heard all about the New York City subway system in the 1970s: gritty, practically bankrupt, and a lot more dangerous than it is today.
How bad was it? In 1978 alone, there were nine murders on the subway. By 1979, felonies occurred on trains and in stations at a rate of 250 incidents each week.
City officials were so alarmed by the number of thefts, beatings, and murders underground, Mayor Ed Koch responded by having a uniformed cop ride every train that ran between 6 p.m. to 2 a.m.
But one subway line had a dicier reputation than the others. The IRT Lexington Avenue line—today's 4, 5, and 6 trains—earned the nickname the “muggers' express” because so many passengers were robbed on board.
Some sources have it that only the 4 train was the muggers' express. It's hard to say if the 4 was worse than the 5 or 6, though; all three lines went through some pretty rough neighborhoods in Manhattan and the Bronx, and the 4 and 5 went deep into Brooklyn too, just as they do today.
[Top photo: Jim Pickerell/US National Archives and Records Administration; second photo: UPI; third photo: Wikipedia]
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
LinkedIn
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: IRT Lexington subway, Mugger Express Lexington Avenue, Muggers Express subway line, New York subways 1970s, subway crime, subway murder
Anna Nazarov highlighted some impressively dumb internet comments about women's ultimate tonight. I won't repeat them here, except for the last line of one of them:
“Women need to train more or expect less.”
By coincidence I was already starting a blog post about some of my favorite plays, so instead of “where to begin” I'd actually already begun.
You think women need to train more or expect less. Here's what I think:
(1) Ashley Young did not expect less
(2) When, literally ever, did Gwen expect less?
(3) I don't expect less than an “ooh la la” every time Surge is on the field: (4) You are down 14-12, Anna. The game is over. Expect less: (5) Who else but Cat Phillips does not expect less: (6) Sorry, Robyn, there's no way you'll catch that disc – expect less: (7) You can put 3 defenders on Jenny Fey. They won't expect less (8) Chastain to Pitcaithley guarded by Mosquera . . . yeah, expect less:
(9) Amp's Amp's Anna Maria Thompson did not expect less at double game point of the 2017 national championships
Oh stupid internet comments – can I please expect less?
Advertisements
From: An American Defense Worker [Email him]
James Kirkpatrick makes a very good point about Judges in their blog about the 9th Circuit Court and states, "The contemporary American experiment in “self-government” is not really a form of administration, but an increasingly complicated con game in which Americans who believe in the Constitution, the rule of law, and some idea of a common good are the suckers."
All however is not lost. Judges do often rule in such a way as to throw out legislative victories earned by the Historic American Nation but there are things that the Historic Americans can do.
1. In the long run, altering the metapolitical environment is essential. Currently, judges have in mind the metapolitics of the "civil rights" era in mind on any ruling. In other words, in this metapolitical environment as long as a court case favors non-whites in favor of the Historic Americans it's OK. If the metapolitics change and the "civil rights" era nonsense is no longer seen as a moral good the judges will rule differently.[On Metapolitics, CounterCurrents.com, November 16, 2010
2. Historic Americans should not give judges the esteem they currently hold. Why not Saul Alinsky them....personalize and polarize!
3. The executive branch of the government can go to war with the judicial. Andrew Jackson famously ignored the Supreme Court ruling when they re-located the Cherokees in an important National Question issue. Why not in modern cases?
3. The legislative branch of government can also go to war with the judicial. If a judge strikes down one law, why not write and pass another?
4. Even without the measures above there is much that can be done. Immigration patriots need to recognize that the courts have ruled very consistently-immigration is a federal responsibility. Immigration skirmishes can be won at the state level and experience in activism can be gained but the ultimate victory is at the Federal level.
Michael Phelps Cupping Michael Phelps receives the controversial cupping treatment on their legs. Instagram
Science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke once wrote that “any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” Clarke was thinking a bit too narrowly, though. Really, any sufficiently technical and jargony science is often indistinguishable from magic--or for the Olympics, pseudoscience. The newest sensation sweeping the Games is cupping, an ancient bloodletting practice originally used to purge chi. Nowadays, it's typically extolled as a device to remove “stagnant blood, expel heat, treat high fever, loss of consciousness, convulsion, and pain.” There's no scientific consensus as to how bursting capillaries with heated cups accomplishes this, but it can certainly have some medical effects ... like possibly necrosis.
Coagulated blood from a cupping session. Wikimedia Commons
Nevertheless, the real heydey of Olympic quackery is long gone. For a while, from the 1904 Olympics' Anthropology Days for “savage” races, on through the 1936 Games, which saw doubt that the black Jesse Owens could outpace the Aryan ideal, the principles underlying Olympics-related scientific theory was just eugenics pseudoscience. As fascination with proper breeding waned, biomechanics started becoming the common denominator of Olympic progress. The high jump, alone, went through seven popular techniques before settling on the whimsically named Fosbury Flop in 1968, as the most efficient. External factors became more important, too. Running outfits evolved from three-quarter length combos to form-fitting duds. Carbon fiber bikes began popping up in the ‘80s, alongside mens' speedos--a far cry from the old baggy two-piece suits. Then, in ‘92, Speedo debuted the s2000 suit that cut drag by 15 percent, which would later give rise to the 2008 LZR suit that would be banned for its effectiveness.
Michael Phelps and Australia's Eamon Sullivan wore the now-banned LZR Racer swimsuit at the 2008 Olympics. Wikimedia Commons
But as the LZR suit showed best, Olympic boundary-pushing has changed. As human physiology has raced closer to its limits, advances in engineering and technology around the athletes have played a more dominant role in keeping the plateauing rates of broken records trudging forward. So, it's not surprising that athletes will look anywhere, including pseudoscience, for that personal edge. Cupping may be making headlines, but by no means is it the extent of modern Olympic pseudoscience. Since 2008, the games have popularized kinesiology tape, which, somehow, “alleviates discomfort and facilitates lymphatic drainage” using slight lateral tension on the surface of your skin. Only, it doesn't. In addition to cupping, some Olympians are turning to acupuncture, which, although it has no evidence behind its use to treat disease, has been shown to reduce pain, (physical pain, at least)--regardless of where the needles are stuck. In other words, the placebo pain reduction of wanton needling is nearly as effective as precision pricking.
Cupping may be making headlines, but by no means is it the extent of modern Olympic pseudoscience.
Then there's the paleo diet, acclaimed by swimmer Amanda Beard, which comes with a good principle: “eat what we're made to eat, and we'll be healthier.” Except, hunter-gatherer diets came in lots of different types, with the general macronutrient split ranging from 19-35 percent for protein, 22–40 percent for carbohydrate, and 28–58 percent for fat. Not to mention things like widespread lactose tolerance show that our digestive systems have evolved alongside our diets. Even icing sore muscles, a widely accepted practice, is often abused as an unscientific recovery panacea before going back into the game--though the Olympics are hardly the only culprit. Most evidence to date suggests that using it as a stopgap before returning to activity could potentially do more harm than good. There's more, to be sure, including Olympic endorsements of vitamins, which nutritionists generally contend are unnecessary for most Americans--and which decades of mortality rate tracking for at least 429,000 individuals has demonstrated are actually more likely to be counterproductive to health.
High-speed motion capture is helping Olympians swim better than ever. Graham Murdoch
A nonprofit led by a lawyer for President Trump, Jay Sekulow, is asking the Supreme Court to review a federal court's blocking of the publication of surreptitiously recorded videos involving abortion providers.
The American Center for Law and Justice petitioned the high court to review a federal district court injunction blocking the publication and release of secretly recorded videos at National Abortion Federation conferences. The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals agreed with the lower court's injunction, which used nondisclosure agreements signed by the conference attendees as the basis for the blockade. The nonprofit has asked the Supreme Court to determine if courts may enforce voluntary nondisclosure agreements and how doing so holds up against high court precedent and decisions from other federal courts.
Abortion foe David Daleiden, head of the Center for Medical Progress, released a series of videos two years ago raising questions about whether Planned Parenthood profited from fetal tissue or performed illegal abortions to obtain it. As part of their work, they attended the National Abortion Federation conferences while disguised, which the federation brought a case against.
Sekulow is the lead counsel representing a former Center for Medical Progress board member who has petitioned the Supreme Court to remove the appeals court's injunction stopping the center from releasing more footage. Daleiden also has petitioned the high court.
Sekulow is facing legal troubles of their own. Democratic attorneys general from New York and North Carolina are investigating whether Sekulow redirected money from another of their nonprofit groups, Christian Advocates Serving Evangelism, which is a companion of the American Center for Law and Justice, to himself.
Sekulow often appears as a top Trump advocate on television fighting criticism of the Trump team's involvement with Russians during the 2016 presidential campaign.
OTTAWA — I have a story to tell you. But first allow me to say a few words on one of humanity's finest jewels: democracy.
Governments in countries like Syria have Draconian ways of dealing with citizens who dare to speak openly without their approval. They send out snipers.
Governments in countries like Canada aren't like the government in Syria. Western governments celebrate free speech, openness and transparency. Our governments fund activities around the world that promote the kind of civic discourse that is at the core of democracy.
All governments, however, are at times tempted to circumvent democratic principles when those principles threaten their own grip on power. The Harper government, as many have noted before me, has succumbed to such temptation with unprecedented passion.
The result is that control is out of control, as it were. Ministers are scripted; committees are neutered; debate is cut off; public servants are muzzled; laws and court edicts are ignored; official watchdogs are fired; bills are adulterated with agenda-filling provisions unconnected to their rationale; opposition amendments are dismissed out of hand; provincial premiers are avoided; and the prime minister's communications-control team grows at a steroidal pace in an era of fiscal restraint.
There is no public outcry about these abuses of process. The polls show that none of this disturbs the drowsy comfort of Canadians in the same way that a tax hike might.
It was in 1957 that John Diefenbaker was swept to power simply because the governing Liberals invoked closure to close down debate on construction of — is this too ironic? — a pipeline. Not these days. Closure — shutting down dissent — has become a political crime tantamount to jaywalking as a criminal act.
But I promised you a story. As a parliamentarian I try to tackle issues that interest me and are of importance to Canadians, like national security. As former chair of the Senate Committee on National Security and Defence, I presided over the publication of many reports leading to changes in government policy. Two of these reports dealt with improving the performance of the RCMP. I have met privately with nine RCMP commissioners during my time in the Senate. I have listened to them; I have learned from them; I have offered advice to them.
After Bob Paulson was confirmed last month as the new commissioner of the RCMP, I sent them a friendly email saying that I would like to meet with him, so we could share insights. At first, commissioner Paulson said they would like to meet with me. Then they got back to say that they couldn't do that until they had cleared the meeting with the ministry of public safety.
Whoa! The commissioner of the RCMP has always been a very powerful position, held at arm's length from government. The reasons are obvious. If a member of a government is alleged to have broken the law, the Mounties are the people called in to investigate. Although funded by the government, the RCMP cannot become the instrument of government. I told Paulson that they were being muzzled. They said they didn't think they are, that the government was just managing fair relationships between parliamentarians and public officials.
Mark Johnson, an assistant to Public Safety Minister Vic Toews, contacted my staff. They advised them that the reason I could not meet with the commissioner alone was to assure that all Parliamentarians had equal access to government officials, so that all official parties would have to be represented at any meeting with those officials, including the commissioner of the RCMP.
I replied that, of course, all parliamentarians should have access to public officials, but at their own requests and on their own time to pursue their own issues. I told Johnson the following:
“The concept infringes on my Parliamentary rights to have a conversation with an Official without two-thirds of the time being consumed by people with a different agenda and even if you were to suggest that they were simply going to sit in the room and audit the conversation that I am having with the Official the concept is totally unacceptable.
“Particularly in the case of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police it is conceivable that I might have issues of a nature that would be inappropriate to share with others than the Police.”
Johnson's reply? They said they would take my perspectives under advisement, but that the policy remained.
It is clear to me that this government is diminishing both the commissioner and the Parliament of Canada by imposing ridiculous chaperon restrictions on private meetings that can serve no other purpose than to control all exchanges of information.
The Canadian public had better wake up soon. You don't have to send out snipers to damage democracy. As Prime Minister Stephen Harper well knows, all you have to do is lull people to sleep.
— For Postmedia News
Colin Kenny is a Liberal senator and former chairperson of the Senate Committee on National Security and Defence.
The editorial pages editor is Gordon Clark, who can be reached at gclark@theprovince.com. Letters to the editor can be sent to provletters@theprovince.com.
Academy Award winner Kate Winslet has wed Ned Rocknroll in a secret ceremony, Us Weekly can exclusively confirm.
The Titanic actor, 37, married the fellow Brit, 34, "in early December in New York," according to a source. "They were surrounded by a small group of friends and close family members."
UPDATE: Winset's UK rep Sara Keene tells Us: "I can confirm that Kate Winslet married Ned Rock'nRoll in NY earlier this month in a private ceremony attended by their two children and a very few friends and family. The couple had been engaged since the summer." The two were first linked in the fall of 2011, though neither has mentioned an engagement.
PHOTOS: Kate Winslet's breathtaking red carpet looks
This is the third marriage for Winslet. The Reader actor was wed to director Jim Threapleton from 1998 to 2001; they are parents to daughter Mia, 12. Winslet and director Sam Mendes tied the knot in 2003 and divorced seven years later; they are parents to son Joe, 9.
PHOTOS: Most over-the-top star weddings
Rocknroll, the nephew of Virgin billionaire Richard Branson, was previously married to British socialite Eliza Cowdray, the daughter of a multimillionaire viscount.
PHOTOS: Celebrity bridesmaids
In September 2012, Winslet and Rocknroll (born Abel Smith) purchased a 15th-century home in West Sussex, England. "Ned is really happy with Kate," a source once told Us of the couple. "He feels they can learn so much from her."
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
The donkey is still a form of transport in parts of Africa, where the species orginated.
After collecting and analyzing donkey and wild ass DNA from all over the world, scientists have concluded that wild asses in Northeast Africa are the ancestors of modern donkeys. The new findings suggest that two populations of wild asses in Africa were the first to be domesticated by people thousands of years ago, and these donkeys then traveled with people to other parts of the world. Albano Beja-Pereira of Université Joseph Fourier in France led the study published online today in Science. Donkeys are, by definition, domesticated asses, and they constitute their own species, Equus asinus. For two years, Beja-Pereira and their colleagues labored to collect skin samples from donkeys in 52 countries in Europe, Asia, and Africa, and dung from wild asses in Sudan, China, and Mongolia. They later extracted DNA from the mitochondria found in donkey skin and dung samples. It was a dirty and dangerous job. African and Asian asses are critically endangered and skittish of humans in the wild so Beja-Pereira had to collect what the asses left behind at watering holes or grazing grounds. Beja-Pereira also traveled to war-torn Sudan to track an elusive heard of African wild asses on the shores of the Red Sea. “If you want to trust the results, then you have to collect the samples yourself,” says Beja-Pereira, adding that they relied on guides and local researchers for help in finding the animals. “Sudan is ravaged by war and not many people interested in donkeys,” Beja-Pereira adds. “They are more interested in their own lives than in looking for asses.” The history of donkeys is tied to human history. Archaeologists have been intrigued by where and when donkeys were first used by people because it marks a shift from agrarian to more mobile, trade-oriented society. The most surprising finding was that African wild asses are the true ancestors of modern donkeys, putting to rest a debate among historians and archaeologists about whether donkeys arose from wild asses in Asia or Africa. “This study could stimulate significant donkey buzz,” says Fiona Marshall, a zoo-archaeologist at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, who studies the domestication of animals in Africa. Of all domesticated animals, the donkey is studied the least. Despite the critical role that it played in travel and transport throughout human history, the donkey is often the butt of jokes and garners little respect. “Throughout the ages people sang about cattle,” notes Marshall. “Donkeys were not painted, celebrated, or considered special.” With the new DNA analysis, the donkey is finally getting its due. Beja-Pereira, Albano et al. African Origins of the Domestic Donkey. Science 304, 1781 (June 18, 2004).
Top Stories Personalized Medicine in Cancer: Matching Patients and Drugs Yellowstone Microbe Cleans Up Wastewater The Complex Genetics of Down Syndrome Heart Disease, Stroke Linked to Gene Mutations Cause Rare Form of Parkinson's Back to GNN Home Page
Garry Ringrose, Sean O'Brien, Rory Scannell, and Ross Molony. Just four players who have had big seasons in 2015/16, who owe their development to their time spent with the Ireland U-20s this year.
Ireland have been warming up for tournament next month with games against Leinster and Munster development teams.
WATCH: Highlights of Thursday's clash @thomondstadium where Munster A/Development defeated Ireland U20s 26-24https://t.co/z4IknvrZNp — Munster Rugby (@Munsterrugby) May 21, 2016
Nigel Carolan named their 28-man squad for the upcoming Junior World Cup for the latest crop of U-20s after a mixed year in the Six Nations. There is some real talent in this squad, not the least captain James Ryan who has already been compared to Paul O'Connell.
But the other 27 names in the team should be watched too, and here is everything you need to know about these players.
Ireland U20s 2016:
Advertisement
Loosehead Props:
1st Choice: Andrew Porter.
Also in the Squad: James Bollard, Vakh Abdaladze.
Andrew Porter is an absolute beast. They were the second most impressive Ireland forward in the Six Nations and will have a big career.
The best way to describe Porter is that they are Cian Healy-esque without the impression that they feel the need to smash their head through a window.
St. Michael's College past pupil James Bollard was their backup during the Six Nations, and it was a clear first choice backup role for Bollard. It's likely to remain that way, but the presence of the uncapped Vakh Abdaladze who was brilliant in Clontarf's march to the Ulster Bank League title might complicate that.
Advertisement
Hookers:
1st Choice: Adam McBurney
Backup: Vincent O'Brien.
For someone who already has a year's experience at U-20 level, Adam McBurney was underwhelming in the Six Nations. The Ulster hooker is a better player than they showed in February and March - where their line-out throwing wasn't the best.
Munster's Shane Fenton has been ruled out through injury, so their backup at provincial level Vincent O'Brien comes in.
Ireland could really use one of these hookers to develop. We've never had an Ireland U-20 hooker go on to play for the Ireland senior team, and one of the best in recent years - George McGuigan has just been named in the England Saxons squad.
Advertisement
Injured: Shane Fenton
Tighthead Prop:
1st Choice: Conor Kenny
Backup: Ben Betts
Promising Connacht tight-head Conan O'Donnell has failed to overcome an injury. O'Donnell has senior appearances for Connacht this season, and was exceptional in last year's Junior World Cup. They probably aren't at their best in the Six Nations - but in their Connacht teammate Conor Kenny and Munster's Ben Betts - Carolan has two quality options at their disposal.
Advertisement
You'd have to think that both Kenny and Betts have the potential to at least have provincial careers. Kenny is a big prop who is extremely mobile and powerful. Their technique needs a bit of work, but has been greatly improved since entering the Connacht sub-academy. Betts is more of a traditional scrummager.
I would expect a near equal share of time given to both props. Kenny is more likely to stand out to regular viewers, but might have a greater impact off the bench.
Injured: Conan O'Donnell
Second Rows:
1st Choice: Sean O'Connor & James Ryan
Advertisement
We all know about James Ryan. Their Six Nations partner, Peter Claffey is injured however. Sean O'Connor is the only other sole lock in the squad - but both Munster's Evan Mintern, and Connacht's Cillian Gallagher have played there before.
Mintern played with Ryan against Munster development last week:
Ireland U20 teamsheet for game versus Munster Development/A, via @Munsterrugby. pic.twitter.com/nFySiMQYPP — Murray Kinsella (@Murray_Kinsella) May 19, 2016
Blindside Flankers:
Advertisement
1st Choice: Cillian Gallagher
Backup: Greg Jones
Still only U-19, Sligo RFC's Gallagher was the player who surprised me the most in the Six Nations. They were brilliant. I had seen them most as a lock, but their all round game from blindside flanker was fantastic. He's got a good engine, and just keeps going.
St. Andrew's alum Greg Jones is also a handy player, getting some game time in the Six Nations. He's more of a traditional backrower. Expect both to get a lot of time - and keep an eye on both to get academy contracts.
Matthew Cosgrove was unlucky to miss out.
Openside Flankers:
Advertisement
1st Choice: Will Connors
Backup: David Aspil
Ireland flew out of the blocks in their opening Six Nations game with Wales in the first half, and the biggest reason why was the running game of Will Connors. It was my first exposure to Connors, and it seemed like they were part of every good thing that Ireland did.
Connors had to leave that game early, and Ireland ended up letting that game slip away from them to a strong Wales team, but it was mostly errors from misfiring backs.
Dan Walsh was unlucky to miss out after impressing in the Six Nations.
No. 8s:
Advertisement
First Choice: Max Deegan
Backup: Evan Mintern
Max Deegan has been on the radar for a while. Their Six Nations was interrupted by a concussion - but the strong No. 8 is a leader. They carry well, putting themselves about. Mintern will probably play more in the second row, meaning we'll see a lot of Deegan before they go into the Leinster academy.
Scrumhalves:
First Choice: Stephen Kerins
Backup: Niall Saunders
Advertisement
For the third year in a row, a Munster scrumhalf who played in the Six Nations doesn't make the Junior World Cup squad. This time, it's John Poland. Poland started the Six Nations with a man of the match performance against Wales - but fell out of favour for Kerins by the end.
Kerins is a livewire of a scrumhalf. He's one of the best when given front football, and will provide extremely quick ball to their outside backs. Kerins looks less than assured when their pack is under pressure - who doesn't? - but with Ireland's tricky pool draw, that might happen a lot.
Niall Saunders is a Harlequins academy player, who replaced Poland in the Six Nations. Highly thought of in England, he's one to watch.
Outhalves:
First Choice: Bill Johnston
Backup: Johnny McPhillips
Advertisement
Bill Johnston is Munster's most hyped back since Keith Earls.I'll admit I've yet to see them play - but as an 18-year-old already featured for Munster A, and Munster in the pre-season. Injury ruled them out of the Six Nations - meaning that their U-19 colleague Johnny McPhillips got the start.
McPhillips was less than assured in the tournament, growing into the game. They improved massively when Brett Connon started to play - and mixed in some fantastic kicking, with some questionable decisions. That's a fixable mistake, and one that will come with more experience. He's still only 19, and this is where he's meant to learn.
Centres:
First Choice: Conor O'Brien & Shane Daly
Backups: Jimmy O'Brien & Paul Kiernan
Shane Daly was the favourite of many during the Six Nations. The Munster centre scored two tries, and the consensus was that they were one of the better backs.
Advertisement
I thought Conor O'Brien showed a bit more however. Comfortable from 11-14, O'Brien is a strong running player, with power and pace. They do have a little bit of subtlety to their game however.
Backing them up is Jimmy O'Brien and Munster U-20 captain Paul 'Chippy' Kiernan. O'Brien is a former outhalf, who plays as a second-five eighth. Chippy is an undersized centre who is probably the most talented centre of the lot. Kiernan didn't really get the opportunity to show us what they can do.
Munster bound centre Sam Arnold would have been the best player in the squad, but was unavailable through injury.
Back Three:
First Choice: Jacob Stockdale, Hugo Keenan, & Matthew Byrne
Backup: Tery Kennedy
Stockdale is the best and most versatile player in the backs. They missed the start of the Six Nations due to Ulster senior squad commitments, and Ireland didn't lose when they came back. He's been tried at full-back in the warm-ups with Jack Power out, and Brett Connon inexplicably left out.
Tery Kennedy is a pacy player with 7s experience, but I'd expect Keenan and Byrne to continue their run as the first choice.
Jack Power was the first choice full-back in the Six Nations, but was injured. Newcastle's Brett Connon should be in the squad.
See Also: Five Irish U20s Who Showed They Can Make The Step Up To The Pros
UC Davis physics student Austin Sendek has proposed that the prefix “hella-” be used as a standard prefix for 10^27th power. If that sentence doesn't make much sense to you, you're in luck – there's an explanation in Part 1 below. If you could parse the sentence but think it's a rather lame joke, don't make up your mind quite yet – I'll lay out the surprising history of some units that might make you reconsider in Part 2.
Part 1: Giga-what, giga-who?
Most of the time you and I can get by with some pretty small numbers. I might buy a 5-pound bag of flour or ask you to lend me 20 dollars, and there's nothing wrong with that. But if you work in science, engineering, economics, or other similar fields you inevitably need to count or measure things that are really, really big, and you don't want your readers to spend all their time counting digits rather than appreciating your brilliant prose.
This is why we have the International System of Units (SI) and its prefixes. When Doc Brown is pouring pilfered plutonium into a DeLorean to send it to the future, rather than wrapping Marty's head around 1,210,000,000 watts they can simply exclaim, “1.21 gigawatts!” When Commander Data is downloading MP3s, they can say he's got 100 petabytes to fill, rather than boring Geordi with 100,000,000,000,000,000.
But what happens when you get past peta- (10^15), exa- (10^18), zetta- (10^21) and yotta (10^24)? Right now you're stuck. At this point we're in the range of some ridiculously big numbers, but the universe is ridiculously big. The mass of the Earth is about 5,980,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 grams, or 5,980 yottagrams – but who's got time for thousands of yottagrams?
Sendek has a solution – add a new prefix, hella-. Now we can say that the Earth's mass is about 6 hellagrams. Isn't that better? If you like, you can join the petition at Facebook.
If you're not from California you might not recognize the term “hella.” No worries, I'm originally from Cleveland, where the only person who ever said “hella” was Mr. T in A-Team reruns, so it took me a while to catch on too.
“Hella” may have started as a contraction of “a hell of a”, as in “we had a hell of a good time,” but has evolved to serve as both an intensifier and a quantifier. For example:
That particular flavor of ice cream is hella delicious. Let's go to that other heladeria, they have hella flavors.
You can read more scholarly research by Bucholtz, Bermudez, Fung, Edwards, and Vargas in the Journal of English Linguistics.
Part 2: Hella isn't as crazy as you might think
“Hella” is regional slang, and Sendek's petition is a bit tongue-in-cheek, so why don't we just dismiss this as a stupid joke? Well, it turns out that not all current SI units – though very impressive and scientific-sounding – have very scientific origins.
Let's take giga-, for example. From Wikipedia, we learn:
According to the American writer Kevin Self, a German committee member of the International Electrotechnical Commission proposed giga as a prefix for 10^9 in the 1920s, drawing on a verse by the humorous poet Christian Morgenstern that appeared in the third (1908) edition of Galgenlieder (Gallows Songs). This suggests that a hard German [?] was originally intended as the pronunciation. Self was unable to ascertain at what point the alternative pronunciation came into occasional use, but claimed that as of 1995 it had died out.
As a non-German I was completely ignorant of Galgenlieder, so I poked around a bit to learn more about the source of our very scientific prefix. It turns out this is a book of literary nonsense poetry, and includes this verse (translated to English):
The Winglewangle phlutters
through widowadowood,
the crimson Fingoor splutters
and scary screaks the Scrood.
So yeah. Given this precedent, it's safe to say we can pull SI prefixes from whatever source we want. We can continue up the chain. Tera- comes from the Greek for “monster”, meaning every time some programmer talks about terabytes they might as well be saying “it's like monster-bytes big, yo!” Prefixes come from German, Greek, Italian, even Danish. Given the many contributions to science and engineering by the United States, isn't it time for a prefix of peculiarly American English origin?
Bonus Part 3: Get a load of this
I'm not quite done yet. Some of our least official-sounding vernacular units actually have extensive literary and historical backing. I'm talking, of course, about the assload. How many times have you heard phrases like, “I have an assload of homework,” or “I have to get this assload of parrots to the recycling center?”
Well it turns out that this unit of measure has a long, established history. In fact, it's biblical. From Eerdmans Dictionary of the Bible (2000), Page 1375:
The homer serves as the standard expression of dry capacity in the OT [Old Testament]. The word “homer” is cognate to “ass” and serves as an approximation to the normal load carried by this animal.
The reason you don't remember it from Sunday school is that it's usually imprecisely translated as “measure” in the King James Version. It shows up in Exodus 16:35 and Ezekial 45:11 and probably other places, but those KJV guys took a lot of artistic license in translating units to “a measure.”
Sewing up the argument hella tight
In a sense, this all boils down to prescriptivism vs. descriptivism. Measures used to all be descriptivist like the assload, but now we need prescriptive precision. “Hella” is a prescriptivist's nightmare, but most modern linguists are descriptivists, so why not? And don't even get me started on the units that journalists tend to use on TV, where you're more likely to encounter “football fields” as a measure of area than square meters.
So we have historical precedent for the “hella-” prefix and we've incidentally proven that “assload” deserves its spot in the lexicon of quantification. So sign the petition, and if you happen to know any members of the SI committee, please pass this along so we can get this matter settled quickly.
Related Posts via Taxonomies
After things have settled down a little bit from last Monday's trade deadline, we can take a look at some of the resulting changes, or lack there of. We'll start with Minnesota and Washington, who swapped relievers last week, and follow with Detroit who traded their closer on the eve of the last Bullpen Briefing. Next, we'll check in on the committees in the AL West, then come back East to see how the Braves' new closer is doing as well as the multitude of New York Yankee relievers. As always, we'll finish with the three stars of the week.
Minnesota Twins
The Twinkies have recorded only one save since trading former closer Brandon Kintzler to Washington last Monday. That save came yesterday afternoon when Matt Belisle pitched a scoreless frame against the Rangers, striking out one batter to hold a 6-5 lead. Lefty Taylor Rogers pitched a scoreless 8th to record their 25th hold, and rookie Trevor Hildenberger pitched a scoreless 6th and 7th to record their first hold of the season.
It makes sense that Belisle would be given first crack at closer. He's 37 years old and a free agent this off-season, while Rogers and Hildenberger are both 26 years old (oddly enough born just two days apart on December 17th and 15th, in 1990), and have several arbitration years left.
In 42.1 innings on the season, Rogers owns a 3.83 ERA and a 1.25 WHIP, to go along with 36 strikeouts. Hildenberger, in 18.1 innings, sports a 2.79 ERA and a 1.03 WHIP with 20 strikeouts. Rogers has been the more useful fantasy asset with their league-leading 25 holds, but Hildenberger should see increased value the rest of the way as they will see more hold opportunities with Kintzler gone and everyone moving up a slot in the hierarchy. Hildenberger is also able to pitch more than one inning which is always a plus as multi-inning, multi-strikeout appearances give your team a slight boost over a typical 1 inning outcome.
Belisle is the add for saves, and Hildenberger for holds. Rogers will continue recording holds but he's likely scooped up in your holds leagues already.
Washington Nationals
The Nats won't commit to naming a closer but it appears Sean Doolittle has taken the reigns. He's got three saves in the last week and five since being traded to D.C. Other additions Ryan Madson and Brandon Kintzler have been used in set-up roles, with Matt Albers taking a hit in fantasy value as they become the 4th option out of the pen. The Nationals brought in much-needed help to bolster the bullpen for a playoff run. Hopefully the new additions can add some stability to a bullpen that had a different closer seemingly every week.
Detroit Tigers
Shane Greene recorded three straight holds for the Tigers this week on August 1st, 2nd, and 3rd. After throwing three straight, Bruce Rodon got the save on August 4th. The pecking order seems clear in Detroit; Greene is the closer and Rodon the setup man.
The Tigers also called up their top relief pitcher prospect, Joe Jimenez, this week. Many consider the 22 year old Jimenez the Tigers' closer of the future, but relief pitcher prospects are a new thing and one that I am very skeptical of. Typically pitching prospects start out as starting pitchers, and the ones that fail as MLB starters try their luck in the pen, many of which have great success. The fact that a pitcher is a relief prospect tells me they probably failed as a starter already in the minors, thus the premature move to the pen. From a high level, the overall talent level must be a notch lower.
Jiminez has had two appearances since their most recent call up, going 0.2 innings in each, allowing 1 earned run and 4 earned runs, respectively. Jiminez also had a cup of coffee with the Tigers in April where they did not fare much better. However, Jiminez did strikeout 36 batters in 25.0 innings at AAA Toledo this season, with a 1.44 ERA, so you get an idea what the excitement is about.
For now, I'm holding off on all relief pitching prospects (that includes the White Sox' Zach Burdi, and their 51 strikeouts in 33.1 innings at AAA this season), until one of them gives me reason to think otherwise.
Texas Rangers
No clear closer has emerged in Texas. Alex Claudio got the Rangers' lone save last week, but he's also come into a game in the 7th inning and another in the 8th inning earlier in the week. This leads me to believe the Rangers are using the lefty in a more situational role. Jose Leclerc pitched the 9th inning last Wednesday with a 4-run lead, and Keone Kela remains an effective late inning option. All three are viable save candidates. My money is still on Kela for the long term, but the Rangers seem content mixing and matching for now.
Oakland Athletics
In Oakland, it appears Blake Treinen is the head of the team's closer committee. Treinen recorded a save yesterday, their second since arriving in Oakland. They did pitch the 7th inning on Friday night, allowing 3 inherited runs plus one of their own, so it's not safe to dub them the teams' closer just yet. Santiago Casilla has rebounded a bit with five straight appearances without allowing an earned run or an inherited runner to score. Ryan Dull has also been effective. He's yet to allow an earned run in 7 appearances since returning from the disabled list, though three of those appearances lasted only one out. There are not many trustworthy pitchers in Oakland that I would recommend. I like Dull the best despite their struggles earlier this year, however the Athletics may opt to use them in a middle relief role even if they out-performs Treinen and Casilla.
Atlanta Braves
Arodys Vizcaino recorded all three saves for the Braves this week. It's safe to assume he's the team's new closer, with Jose Ramirez sliding into a setup role alongside former closer Jim Johnson.
New York Yankees
I saved the best for last. The Yankee bullpen has been lights out, as Aroldis Chapman and Dellin Betances returned to their old selves recently. In the last two weeks, Chapman recorded 8 strikeouts in 6.2 innings, with a WHIP of 0.45 while allowing no runs. Betances threw 7.2 innings with 12 strikeouts, an ERA of 1.17 and a WHIP of 1.04. The Yankees' recent additions to the bullpen added a lot of depth, which should prevent Chapman and Betances from being overworked, and therefore more effective the rest of the way. The additions, Tommy Kahnle and David Robertson, are settling into their new team nicely. Since joining the Yankees, Kahnle has pitched 8.1 innings, striking out 12 while allowing two runs. Robertson has done similarly well, posting 12 strikeouts and allowing 2 runs in 9.0 innings. Chad Greene is also a key middle relief arm for the Yankees. He's pitched 8.2 innings in the last two weeks, striking out 16 batters and posting an ERA and WHIP of 2.08 and 0.81, respectively. Greene is starting pitcher eligible in many leagues and is often used in multiple inning situations, making them a great supplement to a fantasy baseball staff if you are thin on starting pitchers.
The Yankees have made the bullpen their biggest strength, and skipper Joe Girardi intends to use them accordingly. Expect a lot of quick hooks for Yankee starters the rest of the way.
Three Stars of the Week
Zach Britton, Bal – In 3.0 innings Britton struck out three while recording two saves and one win. They did not allow a baserunner.
Anthony Swarzack, Mil – Since arriving in Milwaukee early last week, Swarzack pitched 3.1 innings – recording 6 strikeouts, 3 holds, and 1 save. They allowed two hits, no walks, and no runs.
Edwin Diaz, Sea – In 4.0 innings, Diaz recorded 4 saves and 6 strikeouts. They walked one batter, and did not allow a hit or a run over that stretch.
That wraps up this week's Bullpen Briefing. Thanks for reading and I'll be back next week with another edition.
Share this: Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Pocket
Telegram
Pinterest
Print
Skype
WhatsApp
: Undefined variable: attachments inon line
Let us face it. No matter how much you plan or imagine your lead generation and appointment setting campaign in Australia, there will always be something that will stand in the way. Perhaps you may not realize it, or these may look too small to notice, but these might have a big impact on your campaign. Generating sales lead can become a real pain if you fail to consider these little lead generation mistakes that you might make. It sure makes it much more sensible to outsource the work to an expert telemarketing company.
But really, what are these major mistakes?
Making light decisions – the fact that you have to decide on the future of your company makes it very important to think carefully before you act. This is especially true when planning your appointment setting campaign. You micromanage in excess – if you cannot trust your people to do your job, then why did you hire them is the first place. The reason you hire telemarketers is because you need skilled personnel. You leap before you think – when you rush, you make mistakes. That is a fact every business owner understands. It is important that you consider every single detail that you have. Working too much – one way to ruin your pace is by getting burned out. Try minimizing the required work in one day so that you can still function for the next.
These are what you need to know if you want to be more effective in getting qualified B2B leads for your business.
Oscilloscope Laboratories has acquired the U.S. rights to Peter Middleton and James Spinney's debut feature documentary “Notes on Blindness,” Variety has learned.
The deal was closed at the Cannes Film Festival, where its virtual reality companion piece “Notes on Blindness: Into Darkness” is screening as part of the virtual reality lineup. The short film won an Emmy.
Middleton and Spinney's film was featured alongside “Into Darkness” at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival. Oscilloscope will release the film in theaters later this year.
“Notes on Blindness” is based on the audio diary of John Hull, beginning in 1983. After years of deteriorating vision and just days before the birth of their first son, the writer and theologian lost the last traces of light sensation and, for the next three years, kept an audio diary of their interior world of blindness.
The film embeds original documentary elements within cinematic interpretations and textured sound design from supervising sound editor Joakim Sundström to take the viewer on a journey deep into what Hull calls “a world beyond sight.”
Oscilloscope acquired the rights from Tel Aviv-based sales company Cinephil. The deal was negotiated by Heather Wyer of Cinephil. The film has also been acquired by Blue Ice Docs in Canada and Artificial Eye in the U.K.
“Challenging what viewers expect a documentary to be, ‘Notes on Blindness' transcends and furthers the form,” said Oscilloscope chief Dan Berger. “It is unlike anything I've seen before and wholeheartedly creates a mode for the viewer to enter a new, unknown world.”
The film is an Archer's Mark production, in association with Fee Fie Foe Films and 104 Films, and in co-production with Agat Films & Cie and ARTE France. It has been supported by the BFI, Creative England, Impact Partners, ARTE France, Swedish Film Institute, BBC Storyville, Cinereach, BRITDOC, the New York Times and PROCIREP-ANGOA.
Here we go again.
For the second straight summer, Philadelphia Flyers general manager Ron Hextall will attempt to unload Vincent Lecavalier via trade, according to Tim Panaccio of CSN.
While Lecavalier's agent confirmed the Flyers didn't submit a buyout offer on the veteran forward's contract, Hextall seems intent on trying to trade him, saying the union "hasn't worked for them and it hasn't worked for us."
The 35-year-old four-time All-star endured a contentious relationship with former head coach Craig Berube, saying they couldn't succeed with the club as long as they were behind the bench. Berube, however, was recently supplanted as head coach by Dave Hakstol, but that doesn't appear to be enough to salvage the relationship.
Lecavalier appeared in only 57 games last season, recording eight goals and 12 assists while averaging a career-low 12:39 of ice time. He's only one season removed from scoring 20 goals in 69 games, and clearly believes they have gas left in the tank.
A trade may not be easy, considering Lecavalier has three years and $13.5 million remaining on their deal, but Hextall will do their best to find a partner, possibly as soon as the NHL Draft on June 26.
Social Good
Talk about culture shock. The Canadian government housed Syrian refugee children in the same building where the fifth annual VancouFur convention was taking place. The furries in attendance, being the respectful folks they are, made sure to inform convention-goers that the refugees would be occupying the same space, stating:
“A major concern that VancouFur has is ensuring that each and every one of the refugees (and attendees) feels welcome and safe and the fact that this is likely to be a major shock to them”.
They also added:
“Keep in mind that they likely will not want to interact with you and consent is important to everyone.”
However, far from being terrified of the grown men and women dressed head-to-toe in anthropomorphic animal costumes, the refugee children absolutely loved it.
@Kablappy @ziyatong I have mostly khord and crazy Joe but do have a video with a dragon! pic.twitter.com/tSnfZl17NP — fakest of news 🤔 (@LiveitRivet) March 8, 2016
It's not so surprising. After all, these kids are going from a war torn hellhole to a magical land of snow, men in funny red hats, people who say whimsical things like “what's that aboot” and “oh yah, you betcha”—and convention centers full of walking, talking cartoon animals.
Hell, who DIDN'T see this coming?
@ziyatong I was there! The refugees loved us, children especially. I'm glad we made their transition to Canada fun. pic.twitter.com/YjNRMRLZVZ — fakest of news 🤔 (@LiveitRivet) March 8, 2016
“One of the many highlights for me was when the new group of Syrian refugee children came in and got to interact with us,” writes Mike Schmidt, who attended the VancouFur convention.
“To them we were cartoons to come to life, to us [it] was a means to display our acting performance to a very appreciative audience. Win win all round.”
We have to express respect to the men and women of Vancouver's furry community for making these children feel welcome in their new home.
If you enjoyed this story, you may also enjoy these related stories from our archives:
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201709/1274/1155968404_5582398892001_5582350975001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Health Care Price's private-jet travel breaks precedent HHS secretary took chartered aircraft on five flights last week, while their predecessors would fly commercial.
In a sharp departure from their predecessors, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price last week took private jets on five separate flights for official business, at a cost of tens of thousands of dollars more than commercial travel.
The secretary's five flights, which were scheduled between Sept. 13 and Sept. 15, took them to a resort in Maine where they participated in a Q&A discussion with a health care industry CEO, and to community health centers in New Hampshire and Pennsylvania, according to internal HHS documents.
Story Continued Below
The travel by corporate-style jet comes at a time when other members of the Trump administration are under fire for travel expenditures, and breaks with the practices of Obama-era secretaries Sylvia Mathews Burwell and Kathleen Sebelius, who flew commercially while in the continental United States.
Price, a frequent critic of federal spending who has been developing a plan for departmentwide cost savings, declined to comment.
HHS spokespeople declined to confirm details of the flights or respond to questions about who paid for them, with a spokesperson saying only that Price sometimes charters planes when commercial flights aren't feasible. All three organizations that hosted Price last week — the Massachusetts-based health IT firm athenahealth, Goodwin Community Health Center in New Hampshire and the Mirmont Treatment Center in Pennsylvania — told POLITICO they did not pay for their flights or other travel costs.
“As part of the HHS mission to enhance and protect the health and well-being of the American people, Secretary Price travels on occasion outside Washington to meet face to face with the American people to hear their thoughts and concerns firsthand,” an HHS spokesperson said, adding, “When commercial aircraft cannot reasonably accommodate travel requirements, charter aircraft can be used for official travel.”
Price's spokespeople declined to comment on why they considered commercial travel to be unfeasible. On one leg of the trip — a sprint from Dulles International Airport to Philadelphia International Airport, a distance of 135 miles — there was a commercial flight that departed at roughly the same time: Price's charter left Dulles at 8:27 a.m., and a United Airlines flight departed for Philadelphia at 8:22 a.m., according to airport records.
POLITICO Pulse newsletter Get the latest on the health care fight, every weekday morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Sample round-trip fares for the United flight ranged from $447 to $725 per person on United.com, though the price would have been lower if booked in advance or if Price's party received government discounts. Similarly priced commercial flights also left from Reagan National Airport and Baltimore Washington International. By contrast, the cost of chartering the plane was roughly $25,000, according to Ultimate Jet Charters, which owns the Embraer 135LR twin jet that ferried Price and about 10 other people to the clinic event.
In addition, Amtrak ran four trains starting at 7 a.m. that left Washington's Union Station and arrived at Philadelphia's 30th Street Station no later than 9:58 a.m. The least-expensive ticket, on the 7:25 a.m. train, costs $72 when booked in advance. It is just a 125-mile drive from HHS headquarters in downtown Washington to the Mirmont Treatment Center outside of Philadelphia, where Price spoke. Google Maps estimates the drive as about 2½ hours. A one-way trip was estimated by travel planners to be about $30 in gasoline per SUV plus no more than $16 in tolls.
An HHS spokesperson declined to answer questions on how many private charter flights Price has taken since being confirmed as secretary on Feb. 10, but wrote in an emailed response, “Official travel by the secretary is done in complete accordance with Federal Travel Regulations.”
Current and former staffers, speaking on the condition of anonymity, say Price has been taking private jets to travel domestically for months.
Ethics experts say the use of private charters by government officials, while legal, is highly dubious and in most cases a misuse of taxpayer funding.
“I can understand why the secretary might have to use a charter flight to get to a hurricane-devastated region, but Philadelphia is not one of those regions this year,” said Walter Shaub, who was director of the United States Office of Government Ethics until July. “I find it hard to believe they couldn't find a suitable commercial flight to Philadelphia.”
“This wasteful conduct reflects disdain for the ethical principle of treating public service as a public trust,” said Shaub, who was appointed by former President Barack Obama. “Public office isn't supposed to come with frivolous perks at taxpayer expense.”
Shaub said that the trips violate the “spirit” of the Federal Travel Regulations, citing the express guidance contained in the regulations that “taxpayers should pay no more than necessary for your transportation.”
Members of the Trump administration have come under scrutiny for excessive use of government travel resources. The president and their family have rung up travel expenses at a faster rate than previous presidential families. The inspector general of the Environmental Protection Agency recently announced a probe into Administrator Scott Pruitt's frequent travel to their home state of Oklahoma. The Treasury Department's inspector general is looking into Secretary Steve Mnuchin's use of a government jet on a trip to Fort Knox, Kentucky, that involved viewing the solar eclipse. Most recently, ABC News reported that Mnuchin had requested a government plane to take them on their overseas honeymoon. The request was withdrawn on the grounds that it was unnecessary.
Price is an orthopedic surgeon who served in the U.S. House for 12 years representing a district in suburban Atlanta. After President Donald Trump nominated them to be HHS secretary in January, Price came under fire from Democrats and ethics watchdogs for having made stock trades in health-care companies while serving on a House panel overseeing Obamacare and other health issues.
They have also positioned themselves as a champion of fiscal efficiency, backing major spending reductions to agencies they oversee and legislation that would cull hundreds of billions of dollars from health entitlement programs. This month, Price had been scheduled to submit a department reform plan to the White House that is expected to propose new spending and staffing cuts. They also backed a nearly $6 billion proposed cut to the National Institutes of Health in March, and an overall 18 percent spending cut to HHS included in Trump's first budget proposal.
“Tough choices had to be made to identify and reduce spending within the department,” Price said in a statement to Congress about their budget request. “Our goal is to … [try] to decrease the areas where there are either duplications, redundancies or waste … and get a larger return for the investment of the American taxpayer.”
Price's travel itinerary last week included five charter flights that charter operators estimated would cost at least $60,000. The itinerary, according to airport records and sources with knowledge of Price's travels, began on Wednesday, Sept. 13 (arrows do not represent actual flight paths):
• Price and staff took a private charter that left Dulles that Wednesday at 2:26 p.m. and arrived in Waterville, Maine, at 3:37 p.m., where they then traveled to the Point Lookout resort and spent the night.
• On Thursday, Sept. 14, Price held a fireside chat with the CEO of athenahealth at the Point Lookout resort. They then took a private jet that departed Waterville, Maine, at 11:41 a.m. and arrived in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, at 12:09 p.m. for a scheduled visit to nearby Goodwin Community Health Center.
• Later on Thursday, Price made an announcement about grants for fighting the opioid epidemic, after which they took a private jet that left Portsmouth at 2:34 p.m. and arrived at Washington Dulles at 3:45 p.m.
• On Sept. 15, Price, accompanied by White House counselor Kellyanne Conway, left Dulles aboard a charter at 8:27 a.m. and touched down at Philadelphia International Airport at 9:01 a.m. for a scheduled visit to Mirmont Treatment Center, a local addiction treatment facility.
• Also on Sept. 15, Price, Conway and other staff departed Philadelphia aboard a charter plane at 12:39 p.m. and touched down at Dulles at 1:19 p.m., where the plane was met on the tarmac by two SUVs and a police escort.
The round trip to the Philadelphia airport, which is about 15 miles from Mirmont Treatment Center, where Price and Conway met with staff and patients — cost about $25,000, an official with the charter agency told POLITICO.
Eddie Moneypenny of Ultimate Jetcharters, who confirmed that their company's 30-seat jet was used for a Dulles-Philadelphia roundtrip last week, said they aren't aware that the trip was for a government official and the charter had been booked through a third party.
Other charter services confirmed that charter flights between Washington and Philadelphia run tens of thousands of dollars when retaining the same plane.
“I've been doing this for seven years,” said Jake Sheeley of EvoJets, another charter service. “I've never seen a flight like this for less than $20,000.” Sheeley also estimated that an itinerary modeled on Price's three-flight trip between Washington, Maine and New Hampshire would cost about $40,000.
Several former HHS staffers who had close knowledge of the travel plans of former HHS secretaries Burwell and Sebelius could not recall booking a charter flight for short-haul travel.
Staff for Burwell and Sebelius said booking even a single charter flight was, in the words of one, a “non-starter” within the department. For example, for last year's Obamacare enrollment kick-off, HHS staff had planned a multi-city tour for Burwell to urge Americans to sign up for coverage. The effort, which would have required charter aircraft, was ultimately scrapped because of its estimated $60,000 cost.
"We were worried about the optics and the cost to taxpayers,” said one former staffer involved in the planning.
In their more than five years as a Cabinet secretary, Sebelius says they took a charter flight only to get to remote areas in Alaska, which they and staff said were otherwise inaccessible.
“The basic rules that our scheduling team worked under were, you flew commercial and you flew economy,” they said in an interview. “That's just what they did.”
Tracking Price's travel and meetings has been much more difficult than tracking those of their predecessors. Their office only recently began informing reporters of trips ahead of time, and have declined to post most of their remarks and speeches to the HHS website despite their frequent speaking engagements.
Nonetheless, he's spent much of their tenure on the road. POLITICO identified at least 24 separate flights that Price has taken to conduct HHS business in the past four months alone. Those flights don't include Price's weekend trips home to Georgia. An HHS spokesperson said, “Secretary Price pays for personal travel out of their own pocket.”
One of those unannounced trips was to last week's conference hosted by athenahealth, the health information company, at the Point Lookout resort in Maine. Price held a wideranging fireside chat with athenahealth CEO Jonathan Bush, the nephew of former President George H.W. Bush and first cousin of former President George W. Bush.
The HHS secretary apparently used their remarks to tweak the government's role as would-be reformers.
“Don't assume the federal government is gonna do the right thing in health care,” Price said, according to one account of their talk.
Listen to the story.
Gov. Rick Scott could face sanctions over their use of a private email account now that a judge in Tallahassee has given the okay for an additional complaint against Scott relating to public records.
Attorney Steven Andrews is engrossed in a dispute over property near the Governor's Mansion. They filed a complaint against Scott a year ago. Andrews says the administration repeatedly failed to turn over documents in the case and used private email accounts to circumvent the law.
Now, Leon County Circuit Judge Charles Francis says Andrews can amend their lawsuit to say Scott purposely broke the law by conducting state business via private email.
The ruling follows last month's release of nearly 200 pages of emails that Scott's lawyer said didn't exist. The documents show the governor used a private account to discuss government business like the state budget and possible vetoes.
Scott previously said their private email was not used for matters involving the state.
The Smash 4 Tournament Running Economy
I was reading a tweet yesterday from PG's Suar that showed a pyramid of the "Smash 4 Tournaments Yet-to be Trifecta of Ideals", with Production on top, Attendance on the left, and Profit on the bottom right. This basically is trying to show the core 3 things to strive for when it comes to having a successful Smash tournament. I think it's a very simple way to visualize what a tournament organizer's aspirations should be, but I also think people look at the "Profit" corner in the wrong light. "Profit", in this case, is in regards to the organizations involved with running the events, not the players themselves. And I can promise you, most if not all of these struggle to break even. I'd like to go into this a little, and pardon me if it's structured a little weird, this is based on a series of tweets I made yesterday.
People comparing Smash/Melee to non-FGC major eSports, which have a solid profit margin, miss an important fact: the more financially thriving eSports like League of Legends and DoTA get financially established sponsors/partners. When companies like major computer part manufacturers come in, they are able to drop real money with ease. Smash only really gets a small handful of vendors, but these vendors are generally about as grassroots as Smash itself, and thus don't have the financial reach they could (no offense to any vendor out there, of course). So streamers basically have to rely exclusively on their ad revenue, which is impeded by Adblock users, and Twitch subscribers, which are extremely rare. For example, a little peek behind the curtain, but we got literally zero subscribers from Frostbite, even though it broke records for Smash 4's view count at the time.
And people RUNNING Smash events? All they really get is venue fees to sustain themselves. The venue fee, however, has to be split across paying for venue, paying staff, and much more. Odds are, they really aren't gonna get much *financially*, as they'll be lucky to even break. Breaking even is basically the BEST case scenario for them, as I've met plenty of TOs that have lost tons of money. One public example I can reference is CEO Dreamland, which wound up losing ~$20,000. You can read their Jebailey's post-mortem in the link, but let me pull the most notable thing in relation to this: "To cover the cost of everything including Stream production, AV, staging, ballroom space, 24 hour security friendlies room, staffing, commentary, hotel rooms for staff etc. really adds up and at the scale I ran the event about 2,000 attendees would be needed to make it a success." People don't realize that, yeah, venue fees are steep, but when you reach the numbers that CEO Dreamland has, you NEED to have more staff involved with the event, which is going to make the cost of the event more expensive, THUS WHY VENUE FEES HAVE SKYROCKETED.
Back to tourney streamers. From what I've gathered, it's financially more sound for tourney streamers to do personal streams over competitive streams, or at least personal streams between competitive streams. This is because it gives them the ability to incentivize people to subscribe with the "SUB HYPE!" stuff on overlays. This causes a chain reaction because people will often be more willing to subscribe if it means their favorite caster or personality reacts to them giving them money. This is one thing that 2GGaming incorporates into their tourney streams (sometimes majors too), which I think adds to the atmosphere of a fun, laid back show. However, that's not a thing that is done in a broadcast the scale of the major eSports, because casters have work to do which isn't that. But competitive Smash streamers basically NEED to embrace their subscriber base right now, because when you have to pay to upgrade equipment, develop broadcast tech, commission artists/programmers, and try to reach the dream of not having to have a side 9-5 job to financially survive.
Anyways, the long and short of it is the difficult truth for Smash 4 is we need to find ways of pulling more reliable financial partnerships. Not saying that the ones that exist right now are bad, they're wonderful! But the goal should be to reach that level of financial support where maybe we could have the venue fee lowered, maybe get even stronger social media presence, heck, maybe even be able to afford ad spots to increase viewership further? Who knows!
LINK TO JEBAILEY'S CEO DREAMLAND POST MORTEM: https://www.facebook.com/Googlemyname/posts/10106506597298702?pnref=story
Reply · Report Post
Organic gardening isn't always about food to eat. Some people enjoy growing flowers and other forms of plant life as well. You can grow anything bereft of harmful chemicals as long as you're doing it the right way. Make sure you're always gardening the right way by using the information in the article below to assist you.
A great way to maximize garden potential is to plant perennials. Some edible vegetables will come back year after year with minimal maintenance like weeding, mulching, and fertilizing. Asparagus, bunching onions, and horseradish all will come back every year. Depending upon climate, there are many options for growing perennial vegetables for a maximum yield.
To store your garden-fresh onions for use throughout the winter and avoid having them rot or mold, store them in pantyhose! Yes, pantyhose! Simply place the onions into the legs of pantyhose, and, to avoid letting them touch one another (which is what helps create mold and rot), place a twist tie between each onion and the next. To store, hang the pantyhose by the gusset in a cool dry place and cut off or pop a hole in the pantyhose to grab an onion when you need it.
Having a color-themed flower garden is a beautiful way to display bold color with different flower varieties. Single-color beds, like the color white, makes an impact when set among deep green background plantings. It may not be necessary to plant extra greenery to contrast against the white flowers around your bed. A green lawn may be all you need to display the color.
If you want to grow fruit trees but have limited space on your property, consider dwarf fruit trees. Many fruit trees are available in dwarf varieties, including apple, peach and pear. These trees typically reach approximately three to eight feet. Not only do they take up less room and produce lots of delicious fruit, but their low height makes it easier to harvest the fruit.
To keep your plants from suffering irreparable damage, be sure to check them for bugs and various diseases at least once a week. All these problems are much easier to treat if caught quickly, and monitoring them closely can keep them from spreading to other plants. Research ways to treat common problems so that you'll be prepared for whatever you encounter.
One very good way to deal with weeds is to boil them away. One of the safest “herbicides” you can find is a pot of boiling water. Pour boiling water over the weeds to kill them, but make sure not to pour the water over any plants you don't want to kill. If you pour the water near your plants, it will kill the roots.
Think carefully about how you are going to lay out your vegetable garden. Unlike most other gardens, you want to consider practicality over aesthetics for your vegetables. Some vegetables emit chemicals that can inhibit another's growth; some tall vegetables might overshadow small vegetables, which might not allow them to grow and ripen. Look at each vegetable plant's properties and carefully consider where to put it in your garden.
To keep cats, snakes, and other critters out of your garden, use moth balls. Moth balls may not smell pleasant to us, but they smell even worse to most animals, and they'll easily scare them away. Simply scatter a few moth balls at the edges of your garden. Moth balls can be obtained very cheaply from drug stores and dollar stores.
Try to avoid using pesticides in your garden. Pesticides can get into your food easily when you spray them on your edible plants. These pesticides can make you sick, and have been linked to greater health issues. There are many organic alternatives to pesticides that are safe to you and the environment.
How to plant lilies. Remove any damaged outer scales from the bulbs. Dig a planting hole about 4 to 6 inches deep, and mix a little fertilizer into the bottom of the hole. If drainage is not good, put a layer of sand or grit in the hole, which will help to prevent rotting. Place the lily bulb in, and back-fill with rich soil. Lilies are most effective when they are planted in clumps of single colors.
Clean up your garden at the end of the growing season. If you clean up your garden when the growing season is over, it will improve the appearance and make less work for you the following year. Remove dead or damaged branches on trees and shrubs, get rid of weeds before they go to seed, and rake any leaves from the lawn. Remove old annual plants and cut perennials to the ground if they normally die back in the winter. Any plant material that isn't diseased can be put in the compost pile.
Your plants need to be fed properly as soon as they start sprouting leaves. If you did not use compost in your soil, you have to fertilize your plants. You can mix water with a liquid fish or sea weed solution and spray it on your plants, or add this mix to the water in which your trays and pots are bathing.
When growing your own organic plants, you should move your seedlings away from any air vents or radiators immediately upon germination. This is because your seedlings do not need to be really warm like germinating seeds do. They need to be cooler in order for them to grow in the best way.
In order to offer your organic gardening the most success, mulch it with 3 inches of organic material. By mulching your organic garden you will conserve water, add nutrients to the soil and stop weeds from growing. As an added bonus, mulching also gives your organic garden a bit of beauty.
Perhaps there isn't actually a “wrong” way to garden unless you are harming people, but always know that organic is simply a better way. Better-tasting, healthier food that's far less expensive if you grow it at home – it's a win-win any way you slice it. Implement these tips and your next garden will be a success.
Get More and Save money by upgrading:
Holga 120PAN Panoramic Kit (Holga 120PAN Camera + Shutter Release Set SRS-120 + 3 x 120 film)
Holga Panorama Deluxe Kit (Holga 120PAN Camera + Shutter Release + 35mm adaptor + Mini-Tripod + film)
Are you a Photographer with a passion for panorama's? Are you always looking for the widest lenses and then the landscapes or cityscapes which are best captured by this aspect? Well we now have just what you're looking for!
Up till now the only Holga panorama camera was the 120WPC which awesome as it is still doesn't have a true photographic lens and so is suited to those who really want to get to grips with the phenomenon that is Pinhole Photography. This Holga 120PAN camera now gives you all that awesome-ness that a Panoramic camera gives you with some great features thrown in. Most notably there now is a true 90mm optical lens through which the image is formed. Other great features include a panoramic viewfinder, a bubble level indicator to make sure your horizons are as flat as pancake and two hotshoes so you can really shine some extra light into those low-light scenes.
This is the latest Holga camera to be released as of November 2011. Heck you probably won't even find these anywhere else right now they are that damn hot off the production line. But we have managed to snazz a limited quantity of these beauties! If you plan on using the Bulb/Long exposure mode it's worth taking a look at the SRS-120 Shutter Release Set which is compatible with this camera or buy the Holga 120 PAN Panoramic Kit for extra savings.
Buying this camera? Check out our range of compatible film: 120 Film
NOTE: A new 135 Film Adaptor Kit FA135-120PAN is now available to enable the use of 35mm film within this camera.
27 February 2012
Dr Lux Fatimathas By
Appeared in BioNews 646
Researchers in the US have used gene therapy to reduce the severity of seizures in a rat model of epilepsy.
The gene injected into the rats codes for somatostatin, a hormone that is normally found at lower levels in people with epilepsy. Levels of this hormone in the brain have been shown to drop during an epileptic seizure.
The findings may help in the development of new therapies targeting the prevention of epileptic seizures, potentially benefiting people with epilepsy who do not respond to current methods of drug treatment.
'For years people have focused only on treating the disease, not preventing the disease', said Professor Paul Carney of the University of Florida's School of Medicine and lead author of the study. 'Gene therapy, as well as other forms of treatment, is emerging, and there is the hope and promise they will offer more effective and novel treatments for people with drug-resistant epilepsy'.
Over 450,000 people in the UK have epilepsy, a condition where the electrical impulses between nerve cells become disrupted, often resulting in seizures. The most common form of this condition is temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), and around 30 percent of patients with TLE do not respond to conventional drug treatment. It was this variant of the disease which was mimicked in the rats in this experiment.
The gene for somatostatin was encoded in a harmless virus before being injected into the hippocampus, a region of the brain. The hippocampus contains many somatostatin-producing nerve cells.
Following the injection, electrical stimulations were used to induce seizures in the rats. The gene injections enabled scientists to reduce both the duration and strength of the seizures. None of the rats that received the injections suffered the highest level of seizure and the therapy seemed to work without producing any notable negative side effects.
'Being able to restore somatostatin up to normal levels allows the brain to heal itself and that is the idea here. We're putting something back in that is normally there and allowing the brain to pick it up as part of its normal machinery. We're not putting in a drug', said Professor Carney.
Extensive further research is required before any similar therapy could be used in humans. Among other challenges, scientists would need to find a suitable method to deliver the gene to the brain. There is also the question of where in the brain to target the hormone.
Dr Edward Bertram of the University of Virginia, who was not involved in the study, pointed out that 'What effect a compound is going to have partly depends on where in the seizure circuit that new compound or gene is being placed – where should we be putting this to have the best effect?' Nonetheless, Dr Bertram called the study 'a great first step'.
This study was published in the journal Neuroscience Letters.
Though the original Super Mario Bros. is arguably the most iconic video game ever released, Super Mario Bros. 3 remains a classic in its own right. The graphics were next-level for the NES and the gameplay itself was and still is incredibly fun and addictive. Even today, a full 25 years after its release, you can fire up Super Mario Bros 3. and gleefully spend hours upon hours traversing through an exciting and frustrating maze of creatively designed levels. If you stroll into any video game store that sells old NES games, it's a safe bet that Super Mario Bros. 3 will be the most expensive title available.
I'm old enough to remember when Super Mario Bros. 3 was released – you know, back when video games were sold in boxes slightly bigger than your average VHS tape – and can attest that the game was an immediate hit and lived up to the immense schoolyard hype that accompanied its release. Not surprisingly, the title was deservedly ranked as the best video game of all time by IGN. If you're as fond of the game as I am, well, you're going to love this little slice of previously little-known video game history.
DON'T MISS: Comcast CEO Brian Roberts on why they think people hate cable companies
Back in 1990, a number of programmers, including gaming and coding legend John Carmack created a PC port of Super Mario Bros. 3 with the hopes of getting Nintendo to sign off on full-fledged development. As the story goes, Nintendo passed on the idea, subsequently resulting in everyone involved with the project to start their own gaming company called id Software, just a small little company you may have heard of.
iD Software of course would quickly go on to define PC gaming in the 90s, with titles like Wolfenstein 3-D and Doom delighting millions of teenagers with revolutionary action play and gratuitous violence; and horrifying an equal number of parents in the process.
Yesterday, iD Software founder John Romero uploaded the asupervisorstioned PC port of Super Mario Bros. 3 to Vimeo. If you have any memories of playing NES, this is an absolute must-watch.
While side-scrolling games may be nothing special today, creating such titles for a PC in 1990 was a technological feat made possible by the brilliant mind and ingenuity John Carmack, the group's lead programmer..
Ars Technica adds:
As David Kushner memorably lays out in their book Masters of Doom, the IFD team managed to come up with one of the first smooth side-scrolling algorithms designed for the PC way back in September of 1990. Unlike platformers on dedicated game consoles (which had hardware more suited to smooth scrolling), PC side-scrollers at the time usually had clunky, screen-clearing transitions when a character got to the edge of the screen. Carmack's algorithm, though, allowed for much smoother background movement by only redrawing the elements of the screen that actually changed frame to frame.
And as a nice and perhaps not so subtle Easter egg, the blocks which appear early on in level 2 spell out “Like It?”
What an incredible piece of gaming history. Not only is the demo insanely awesome, but it also brings an interesting hypothetical to mind: what would have happened had Nintendo agreed to license out SMB 3 to Carmack and co.? Would classic first-person shooters like Doom have ever been developed?
Yes, Hillary Clinton became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, but former House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) was the politician who may have been smiling the most last week.
There were two reason it was probably hard for Boehner not to laugh out loud when Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) announced that, effective immediately, the House of Representatives would use “structured rules” to limit debate on appropriations.
The first was the so-obvious-it-hurt linguistic gymnastics Ryan used to avoid saying that they will now limit debate on appropriations with closed rules that restrict the amendments that may be offered. Closed rules are the exact opposite of the regular order Ryan promised the House Freedom Caucus (HFC) they would provide when they wanted its support to replace Boehner as speaker. The far less known phrase “structured rules” was a clear public relations attempt by Ryan to make their flip-flop to Boehner's position more politically palatable.
The second was the tacit admission by Ryan's announcement that Boehner, who was so despised by the HFC over things like closed rules that it continually threatened to unseat them if they didn't change their ways, was right: the House of Representatives today is incapable of functioning unless the leadership takes control to limit its excesses.
Ryan's change was not received well by Democrats, who see it as a way to limit the amendments they get to offer during appropriations debates. In fact, Ryan's announcement specifically cited unwanted and politically embarrassing Democratic amendments as the reason they changed their mind from regular order to closed rules so their criticism was both understandable and almost certainly anticipated.
But it also wasn't universally well received by all House Republicans. Some HFC members were particularly critical of what they saw as the return to Boehner's ways and a betrayal of what they were promised.
For now, the Freedom Caucus' concern about the move away from regular order is likely to be muted. The amendments far more likely to be rejected by the House Rules Committee will be those proposed by Democrats. The more that's the case, the more the HFC will look at the Boehner-like policy as something that helps them achieve their goals.
But this will change the first time a Republican – especially if they or they are a HFC member – is denied the right to offer an amendment during an appropriations debate. Even if the denial by the rules committee is to show that it's not just Democratic amendments that aren't making it through the legislative gauntlet created by the new Ryan-blessed procedure, the criticism will be immediate and harsh.
The criticism may also be especially tough if the HFC sees closed rules as the start of an overall Ryan move toward Boehner policies in general. It has to be wondering if success with closed rules will convince Ryan and the rest of the GOP leadership to restrict regular order even further?
The HFC may see consider that as such a threat that Ryan begins to face political threats from the House Freedom Caucus similar to the ones that eventually convinced Boehner to resign.
All of this is why last week may well have been among the most enjoyable John Boehner has spent since they left Washington. On a golf course somewhere, they no doubt was smiling big time.
PATNA: Expressing their concern over the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) Intermediate toppers being unable to answer basic questions related to their streams, CM Nitish Kumar on Sunday said their government would take tough action against the guilty. They also said that criminal cases would be lodged against those involved.“Action would be taken against them in such a stringent manner that no one would dare to repeat such an act. Besides the departmental actions, the matter will also be investigated with criminal angle. Criminal cases will also be lodged against the persons found guilty in the investigation,” Nitish told reporters soon after launching their party's membership campaign at the JD(U) headquarters here.Appreciating the education department's initiatives in checking use of unfair means in the Bihar Board examinations, the CM said, “The education department has taken action at its own level in the toppers issue, while the state government is also serious. It is good that this issue came to light, as I am sure that tough action will be taken in such a manner that such issue is not repeated again in future.”Recalling a previous case, the CM said, “A similar case had come to light a few years ago and we had ordered to re-examine answer-sheets of top 10 students in the merit list.”Nitish said everyone was aware that the Bihar Board examinations this year were conducted in a fair manner as the government was committed to improve its education system. “We took tough actions to check use of unfair means in examinations. We will also take tough actions in the Intermediate toppers case,” CM said.In the meantime, state's education department on Sunday constituted a three-member high-level committee to probe into “irregularities in Intermediate (Arts and Science-2016) examinations. The committee will be headed by Sanjeevan Sinha, managing director, Bihar State Education Infrastructure Development Corporation (BSEIDC), while Rajiv Prasad Singh Ranjan (director, secondary education) and Vinodanand Jha (director, Mass education) will be other members of the committee.The committee has been asked to submit its report by June 20 after probing into all aspects of the irregularities in the intermediate examination-2016, an education official told TOI.Earlier on Saturday, the BSEB cancelled the results of two toppers, including Sourabh Shrestha of the Intermediate (Science) examinations, after they failed to prove their merits in a re-test.The BSEB had on Friday asked Sourabh and their college mate Rahul Kumar (both students of Bishun Roy College, Vaishali), who were among the 13 toppers from the arts and science streams in the Inter examinations to reappear in a re-test following a controversy over their merits.Saurabh Shrestha from the Science stream, who had secured 485 out of 500, was caught on camera failing to answer basic questions. Ruby Rai, the arts topper, from the same college failed to take the re-test on Friday citing health reasons. Rai has obtained 444 marks out of 500 in the arts stream. However, on camera they pronounced political science as ‘prodigal science' and said it was subject of cooking.
The Dissolution Honours List is a gross insult to the electorate. In a swollen list of mostly time-serving nonentities there are 26 new Conservative peers, 11 Liberal Democrats – more Lib Dems in this single infusion into the House of Lords than the eight MPs they have in the House of Commons – and eight new Labour ennoblements.
But the nearly 4 million UKIP voters who have been fobbed off by a travesty of an electoral system with just one MP have not been awarded a single nomination to the upper House to compensate for their scandalous under-representation in the Commons. At present UKIP has just three peers, none of them nominated by a Labour or Conservative prime minister but simply established members of the upper chamber who elected to take the UKIP whip out of personal conviction.
One of them, Lord Pearson of Rannoch, was outraged by early rumours that the Liberal Democrats, who already had 102 peers, were about to be allocated more, despite their comprehensive rejection by the electorate in May. They tabled a number of questions in Parliament asking if the Government “plans to address the disparity in representation in the House of Lords between the Liberal Democrats and UKIP”.
When they wrote to the Prime Minister on this issue, David Cameron replied: “I have committed previously to keeping the party peers under review and will, of course, give further consideration to the points you raise when we come to consider recommendations over the course of this parliament.”
Dave has now done so, with the results we see. The Liberal Democrats, who received 2.4 million votes, or 7.9 per cent of the popular vote at the general election, have just been given 11 new peers, bringing their representation up to 113. UKIP, which received 3.8 million votes, or 12.7 per cent, received no peerages at all. If the allocation of peerages had been made on proportionate share of the popular vote, then the Liberal Democrat award of 11 peerages would have implied that UKIP should have received 18. Instead, a round zero is the allocation to UKIP.
Could anything better illustrate the covert, across-the-aisles alliance of the three legacy parties? One large, consensual social democratic party, posing as three independent ideologies, has conspired to restrict UKIP's parliamentary representation, across both houses, to just four individuals. If the legacy parties, and Dave in particular, felt the slightest embarrassment about benefiting from an extravagantly unjust electoral system that gives 3.8 million UKIP voters just one MP and 1.4 million SNP voters 56 Commons seats, pending reform of that system at least some minimal compensation might have been offered by giving UKIP some extra peers.
But the political class – and, again, Dave in particular – is shameless and blatant in its contempt for an electorate it believes it has permanently imprisoned within a pseudo-democratic electoral system that ensures the establishment agenda will always prevail over the popular will. A “net” increase in immigration to a rate of a third of a million legal incomers per year, in flagrant contradiction of Dave's lies about controlling the problem, is sufficient testimony to the cynicism, arrogance and complacency of the liberal political class. But the carve-up over peerages is a further illustration.
Look at those who have been selected for the ermine. The appointment to a seat in the Lords of Douglas Hogg, who infamously cleaned their moat at the taxpayers' expense, is two fingers to the electorate from the entitlement-flushed Etonian in Number 10. And what does the ennoblement of Anne McIntosh, former Conservative MP for Thirsk and Malton who was deselected by their own constituency association, say to the despised and dwindling Tory rank and file, other than “Spin on this”?
On the Labour Party list Peter Hain, who resigned from Gordon Brown's cabinet in 2008 after failing to declare donations to their campaign for Labour's deputy leadership, now sports a coronet. So does Spencer Livermore, the grand strategist of the Ed Miliband kamikaze campaign last May, proving that nothing succeeds like failure. When the peers' list is added to the honours awarded to those further down the food chain – knighthoods, CBEs, etc – there are no fewer than nine Government Special Advisers, all gonged up by a Prime Minister who notoriously refuses to take advice from anybody.
Cronyism has always been endemic in the honours system, but this is different. This peers' list aggravates a constitutional crisis that is fast diminishing public respect for and acquiescence in the parliamentary system. When 4 million voters are accorded just one MP and no peerages, the discrimination against UKIP, the sole party that has attempted to articulate the views of the British public, plainly indicates that our current political system is no longer fit for purpose. The public must vociferously voice its rejection of this travesty, at the ballot box and in every other forum of opinion.
Even Hillary Clinton, who has been increasingly outspoken after a period of postelection restraint, blasted on Twitter: “Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they're the death party.”
Scrambling to halt or at least slow the Senate's repeal effort, a range of Democratic and progressive leaders said Friday that they intended to intensify pressure on Republican lawmakers.
Liberal groups have already organized protests against the bill, and Senator Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont, plans to lead a campaign-style tour this weekend through West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Ohio, three states with Republican senators that also expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Planned Parenthood, which would be defunded under the Senate bill, has been running television ads targeting Mr. Heller, as well as Senators Jeff Flake of Arizona, also up for re-election next year, and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia.
And in recent days, potential Democratic challengers have stepped forward against both Mr. Heller and Mr. Flake, the two Republicans most likely to face tough races in 2018. In Nevada, Representative Jacky Rosen has signaled they are likely to run against Mr. Heller, and Randy Friese, an Arizona state representative and trauma surgeon, said they were leaning toward challenging Mr. Flake. Mayor Greg Stanton of Phoenix, who is a Democrat, is also believed to be considering a campaign.
Senate Republicans crafted their bill behind closed doors, drawing considerably less news attention than House Republicans, who formally drafted their version of the legislation in open sessions. But Democrats believe the coming week represents their best and perhaps final chance to thwart repeal of the health law.
“This is the one opportunity we have to shine a light on this legislation, and we will do it day and night,” said Senator Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, projecting the bill's passage “a jump ball.”
The Senate Democratic campaign arm, which Mr. Van Hollen leads, plans to increase its spending this week on internet ads focused on the health measure in Nevada and Arizona, as well as Texas and Florida, which also have Senate races in 2018. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is just one of a series of liberal groups that are airing spots — online and on television and radio — to pressure up-for-grabs Senate Republicans into opposing the overhaul.
An attempt by Senate Republicans to open up a portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling is facing push-back from an unexpected source: House Republicans.
In a letter sent to Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), 12 Republican representatives expressed their concerns about opening up part of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) to oil and gas exploration, arguing that the refuge “stands as a symbol of our nation's strong and enduring national legacy.”
“The fate of the Arctic Refuge and its sensitive Coastal Plain lies in the hands of Congress and we must ensure robust debate on this highly-controversial issue,” the letter read.
The letter did not name the tax bill specifically, nor did it state that the legislators would not vote for the bill were it to come to the House. Seven of the representatives who signed the letter voted for House Republicans' tax bill, which did not have a provision opening up the refuge for drilling, earlier in November. Eight of the representatives who signed the letter are members of the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus.
The letter also noted that opening the refuge up to drilling could trigger a number of lawsuits, which would likely discourage oil and gas companies from pursuing activities in the region. The representatives also argued that the oil and gas resources in the refuge “simply are not necessary for our nation's independence” and that opening the area to development would imperil a suite of threatened and endangered species, from migratory birds to polar bears.
Advertisement
In a separate statement, Rep. Ryan Costello (R-PA) urged representatives to consider changes to the refuge in a bipartisan fashion, not through tax reform.
“There has been a long history of bipartisan conservation and flight attendantship efforts to protect the Refuge, and I call upon Congress to maintain these efforts and not include any changes in the tax bill,” Costello said.
As part of the Senate Republican's sweeping tax reform bill, a portion of the refuge known as the coastal plain would be opened up to drilling to help pay for deficits created by tax cuts elsewhere in the bill. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that opening up the coastal plain to drilling would generate $5 billion over 10 years. It's unclear how much demand there would be from oil and gas companies to drill in the area, however, with low oil prices making drilling in the sensitive and remote area potentially more expensive than lucrative.
Opening up the refuge for fossil fuel interests has been a major priority of Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R) for decades, and they have long championed attempts to open the refuge from their position as chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. In 1995, President Clinton vetoed legislation to open part of the refuge up to drilling. Since then, every effort to open the region to fossil fuel exploration has been defeated in Congress.
This time around, the prospect is different, with Republicans controlling both Houses of Congress and the White House.
But Murkowski's push to open the refuge to drilling has hit several road bumps related to the reconciliation process, which would allow the bill to move forward with a simple majority vote and without any Democratic support. Earlier this week, the Senate parliamentarian ruled that, as written, the ANWR provision violated a budget rule which holds that the Senate cannot consider extraneous matters as part of a reconciliation bill. Murkowski told Roll Call on Wednesday night that Republicans had crafted a “curative amendment” to ensure that the provision no longer violated that rule.
Advertisement
Some reports suggest that to account for any potential shortfall between the revenue created by opening up the refuge and the $1 billion needed to pay for tax cuts, Republicans have suggested selling more oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Murkowski has previously been opposed to selling oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to make up for deficits, saying in 2015 that the reserve “is not an ATM for new spending.”
The provision hit yet another snag on Thursday night, when the Senate parliamentarian ruled that the exploration allowed by the provision would be subject to environmental reviews by the Interior Department. According to the parliamentarian's assessment, the provision failed to fully consider requirements under national environmental law. A Democratic aide told Reuters that there was hope that the ruling could slow down or prevent drilling, but Republicans reportedly offered a fix for the problem in an amendment Thursday night. It is unclear whether the proposed amendment would fully resolve the issue.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roy Hodgson has risked another club versus country row over Jack Wilshere's fitness.
Arsenal midfielder Wilshere suffered an ankle injury during the friendly with Germany which will need to be assessed before Saturday's top of the table clash with Southampton.
And that comes even though Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger asked Hodgson not to risk Wilshere in both of England's friendlies against Chile and Germany.
It surprised Arsenal when Wilshere came on as a substitute on Tuesday night – and sure enough it ended up with the midfielder taking a kick from German substitute Sidney Sam.
Wilshere, 21, is hoping to be fit to be in the squad to face Southampton but Wenger's pleas for caution over their fitness appear to have fallen on deaf ears.
Last season, England boss Hodgson played Wilshere for the whole of a friendly against Brazil even though Wenger again hoped they would not be risked.
In 2000, Green Party candidate Ralph Nader was not invited to participate in the presidential debates. To date, only two third-party presidential candidates have participated in televised debates in the US [GALLO/GETTY]
"Over the past few weeks, Washington has seemed dysfunctional," conservative columnist David Brooks opined recently in The New York Times. "Public disgust [about the debt ceiling crisis] has risen to epic levels. Yet through all this, serious people - Barack Obama, John Boehner, the members of the Gang of Six - have soldiered on."
Here's some of what Peter Coy of Business Week magazine had to say about the same issue: "There is a comforting story about the debt ceiling that goes like this: Back in the 1990s, the US was shrinking its national debt at a rapid pace. Serious people actually worried about dislocations from having too little government debt …"
Fox News, the Murdoch-owned house organ of America's official right-wing, asserted: "No one seriously thinks that the US will not honour its obligations, whatever happens with the current impasse on President Obama's requested increase to the government's $14.3tn borrowing limit."
"Serious people."
"No one seriously thinks."
Limiting the terms of debate
The American media deploys a deep and varied arsenal of rhetorical devices in order to marginalise opinions, people and organisations as "outside the mainstream" and therefore not worth listening to. For the most part the people and groups being declaimed belong to the political Left. To take one example, the Green Party - well-organised in all 50 states - is never quoted in newspapers or invited to send a representative to television programmes that purport to present "both sides" of a political issue. (In the United States, "both sides" means the back-and-forth between centre-right Democrats and rightist Republicans)
Marginalisation is the intentional decision to exclude a voice in order to prevent a "dangerous" opinion from gaining currency, to block a politician or movement from becoming more powerful, or both. In 2000, the media-backed consortium that sponsored the presidential debate between Vice President Al Gore and Texas Governor George W. Bush banned Green Party candidate Ralph Nader from participating. Security goons even threatened to arrest them when they showed up with a ticket and asked to be seated in the audience. Nader is a liberal consumer advocate who became famous in the US for stridently advocating for safety regulations, particularly on automobiles.
Third-party candidates have taken part in televised presidential debates twice: John Anderson in 1980 and H. Ross Perot in 1992. Both, perhaps not so coincidentally, were men of the Right. In 2000, debate bosses excluded Nader using the excuse that their support (as measured by public opinion polls) was too insignificant to impact the election.
That assessment was dubious at best. Most analysts believe that Nader drew enough liberal votes away from Al Gore to cost them the state of Florida, which handed the election to Bush (This is not my assessment. The 2000 race was stolen by corrupt Florida election officials and a judicial coup d'etat carried out by the US Supreme Court). The point remains: Nader was denied access to the debates, and to coverage by the TV networks, because they aren't an "important" candidate. Yet those same networks argue that they changed the course of the election.
When a personality - almost always on the Left - becomes too big to ignore, the mainstream media often resorts to ridicule. Like Communist Party USA chief Gus Hall, Nader is often derided as "perennial presidential candidate Ralph Nader". Personalities on the far right wing, like Sarah Palin and Michele Bachmann, on the other hand, are characterised as "refreshing" and "exciting" (if intellectually slight). Acknowledgement, when it happens, is post-mortem. Revisionist historian Howard Zinn and muckraking DC journo I.F. Stone received lengthy accolades in obituaries that appeared in The New York Times, which studiously censored them throughout their careers.
Fox News famously relies on the trope that "some people say …" in order to insert unsourced (i.e., Fox's own) opinions into a news story. "Serious people say" and "no one seriously thinks" are the flip side of this technique. Corporate-owned newspapers and broadcast media outlets use "some people say" in order to define the range of acceptable discourse and "no one seriously thinks" to smear opinions that are widespread among the public at large as marginal, infantile and perhaps even insane.
When "serious people say" something, those who disagree are by definition trivial, insipid and thus unworthy of consideration. "No one seriously thinks" is brutarian to the point of Orwellian: anyone who expresses the thought in question literally does not exist. They or they are an Unperson.
Military withdrawals viewed as 'un-serious'
Big US media uses the "serious people"/"nobody seriously thinks" marginalisation meme on numerous subjects, but none so often as on war. You guessed it: "Serious people" think wars are necessary and must continue indefinitely. "No one seriously thinks" that the American military can "just" stop fighting a war without suffering all sorts of terrible consequences: "Instability". Becoming viewed by allies as "unreliable". Creating a "power vacuum". Allowing an already difficult situation to deteriorate "even further". Sure, people are suffering and dying now. But if the US leaves, many more people will die. In order to avert a theoretical bloodbath of the future, the United States is obligated to continue its present, sustainable rate of killing and maiming.
In this wacky topsy-turvy world, where the people who are usually wrong get to lord it over those who usually get it right, abject failures like Obama and Boehner - who make logical assertions that are nothing but, and who have presided over fiscal collapse while not making the slightest effort to stimulate the economy with public works and other classic Keynesian responses to the global depression - are lauded as Serious People.
The US invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq were initially popular with the American public. The subsequent occupations, however, have racked up a toll in blood and treasure of which most voters have long tired. Now the government and its media allies are trying to convince Americans, not to support - it's way too late for that - but to tolerate continued expenditures on wars they view as unwinnable wastes.
Throughout the last few years, especially since Obama took office in January 2009 and after the death of Osama bin Laden earlier this year, calls to withdraw from one or both of America's major quagmires have been met with media claims by Very Serious People along the lines that "no one seriously thinks we can just withdraw".
According to a June 21, 2011 Pew Research poll, 56 per cent of Americans favour immediate withdrawal of US occupation troops from Afghanistan. Many of these antiwar voters know that there could be negative ramifications; the same percentage believes that the Karzai regime will collapse without a US military presence. So it is not not true that "no one" thinks we can withdraw. In fact, most people think we should withdraw. And many of them are willing to countenance the possibility that the Taliban would win an ensuing civil war.
For "their" newspapers, radio and television journalists, however, these people - over half the population - don't count. They are "no one". They are certainly not "serious people" who have done the hard thinking. They are not, in other favourite meme, "realistic" or "pragmatic".
"We can't leave Afghanistan at this juncture," former US National Security Council member Rick Nelson told ABC News after US commandos assassinated Osama bin Laden. "There is still a significant terrorist threat emanating from western Pakistan." The US must "commit the resources, personnel, and money against this threat until we are certain that it is completely dismantled", said Nelson, talking as though to a small, slightly dim, child. To which such a child might reasonably respond: How would one know that such a threat had completely vanished? Fortunately for Nelson, ABC's excuse for a journalist didn't follow up.
"So why not just get out?" asked Newsweek's John Barry in 2009. "As always, it's not so simple."
Sure it is.
To paraphrase my fellow political cartoonist Matt Bors, US soldiers could go to the airport. They could board planes. They could go home.
The US pulled out of Vietnam. Vietnamese and Americans are both better off as a result. The Soviets left Afghanistan. They boarded trucks and tanks and APCs and drove to Uzbekistan. The Russians' big mistake was not leaving sooner. But no one talks about that - at least not on the air.
Barry lists a familiar litany of what-ifs. All that's missing is the possible unleashing of killer blood-sucking zombies:
"If the Americans pull their troops out, the already shaky Afghan Army could collapse. (Once they lost US air support, South Vietnamese troops sometimes refused to take the field and fight.) Afghanistan could well plunge into civil war, just as it did after the Soviets left in 1989. Already, the Pashtuns in the south regard the American-backed Tajiks who dominate Karzai's administration as the enemy. The winning side would likely be the one backed by Pakistan, which may end up being the Taliban - just as it was in the last civil war."
As a decidedly unserious person - in fact, I rather deplore seriousness - I wonder: So what? If the only alternative to endless war and occupation and oppression by US and NATO forces in Afghanistan is civil war and Taliban domination, wouldn't it be better to leave the carnage to the Afghans?
'Serious people' are often wrong
The American Conservative, a pleasurable and often surprising magazine aligned with America Firster and former presidential prospect Pat Buchanan, ran a 2009 essay by Daniel Larison that noted, reasonably, "after the last decade of terrible foreign policy guidance by self-proclaimed 'serious people' there is hardly anything more damning one can say about something than to say that 'serious people' embrace it."
Larison continued:
"There is a problem in hiding behind policy consensus and dismissing those outside it as an irrelevant fringe, and this is that the consensus gets important things wrong with remarkable frequency. Hawkish interventionists were able to create the (false) impression that 9/11 happened because America was too wedded to geopolitical stability and was too willing to tolerate authoritarian governments in the Near East, and then the lazy establishment consensus allowed itself to be dragged along with them to support an unnecessary and disastrous war. Establishment consensus views on Iraq and its weapon programmes were wrong; consensus support for the bombardment of Lebanon and the Gaza operation was also wrong; the 'serious' bipartisan consensus in favour of NATO expansion has been disastrously wrong."
Back to the debt ceiling crisis.
For many Americans the gravity and absurdity of the current economy was crystallised by news accounts that Apple Computer had more ready cash on hand than the US Treasury ($76bn versus $74bn).
Apple isn't alone. "Corporations collectively are hoarding more cash than ever before, posting glowing balance sheets," reports International Business Times. "At the end of 2010, companies held an estimated $1.9tn of excess cash, and so far in 2011 most have not let go." US banks, says The Washington Post, have more than $2tn available to lend.
If you've read Karl Marx you can probably imagine a solution to the US debt ceiling crisis. The government is poor but giant corporations are rich. Why doesn't the Obama Administration appropriate the necessary sums from private companies and wealthy individuals via taxes or nationalisation? The Post answers: "But while the country is flush with assets, it doesn't mean the government can seize them to pay for public debt."
Why not? The article doesn't say. Nor does it use the dreaded phrase "no one seriously thinks that …" But it's there all the same. Because the US doesn't officially countenance socialist economic solutions, advocates of European-style socialised medicine were dismissed by President Obama as naïve (and not Serious). Even when the federal government transferred hundreds of billions of dollars to banks and insurance companies during the 2008-09 meltdown, calls for accountability were dismissed as unrealistic. Not pragmatic. Nationalisation? Definitely not serious. Clownlike, really.
As Daniel Larison says, the track record of the Serious Ones is atrocious. And yet, on one story after another, even relatively minor ones, the US media continues to turn yesterday's "no one thinks" into today's "everyone knows".
In 2006 Trevor Bormann told ABC-TV viewers that the world would never again see the famous statues blown up by the Taliban at Bamiyan: "Archaeologists and restorers are now cataloguing every significant piece of rubble but no one seriously thinks the Buddhas can ever be rebuilt".
Here's Joanna Kakissis of National Public Radio, less than a month ago:
"At the time they were blown up, the statues were the largest Buddha carvings in the world, and it seemed they were gone for good. But today, teams from the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation, along with the International Council on Monuments and Sites, are engaged in the painstaking process of putting the broken Buddhas back together."
It won't be as easy to rebuild Americans' trust in their journalistic institutions.
Ted Rall is an American political cartoonist, columnist and author. Their most recent book is The Anti-American Manifesto. Their website is rall.com.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily represent Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
