If you haven't seen it yet, this is the video you need in your life. T.I. turns the tables, showing a glimpse of the other American experience as their reality.
As you know, police brutality is at an all-time high for modern America. It's at the point where we could and should call it an epidemic.
Yet, even given all the obvious proof, people still don't seem to get it.
Until now…
Thank You, T.I.
Here's the video below.
You see, T.I. isn't afraid to speak on the topics needed to help bring awareness to the Black community.
While tackling cases that haven't received justice, T.I. shows what it would be like if whites had to endure the same injustices as Blacks.
From Tamir Rice to Philando Castile, Eric Garner to Rosa Parks, the Atlanta rapper gives eye-opening, undeniable depiction.
Well, hopefully, it's “undeniable.”
Seems to Always Point the Finger Elsewhere
Even after the most recent injustice with Terence Crutcher, some white Americans state that “it's not about race.” They note that she's simply in the wrong profession.
See, there's no way to refute that they were wrong. In past narratives regarding “officer involved shootings [murders],” the argument has been “speculation without evidence.”
Then, immediately after every shooting, media would dig up some type of incriminating information from the past to distract the public and change the narrative.
Alton Stering was murdered by cops. But, they swiftly pulled their record and publicized it.
Philando Castile was murdered by cops. And, they tried to frame them for a robbery they didn't commit, as well as lie by saying they didn't have a concealed carry license.
Sandra Bland “mysteriously committed suicide” while in police custody.
[We all know good and well that's not what happened.]
Yet, that's what they want you to believe.
Immediately after their death, authorities started focusing on a “depression” narrative, totally skewing what they said in their videos.
They said they were depressed, rather than quoting what they actually said: that the current state of the world is depressing.
Stay Focused
Misinformation is a mofo. And, they'll do it to you everytime if it keeps you misguided.
However, T.I. is showing the majority the images they don't want to see.
Big props to them for taking this step, against what industry professionals might say about it.
It seems hip hop and rap are circling back to the political era.
Keep the community informed.
What are your thoughts regarding T.I.'s new video, “War Zone”? Feel free to share your comments below.
[Featured Image via YouTube]
Boston woke up to another snowstorm Sunday morning, and guess what—there was more snow than expected. In a press conference to update on the city's efforts during the blizzard, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh spoke for many when they said, “I don't know what to say to anybody anymore. Hopefully it will stop eventually.''
“It's getting frustrating even for myself,'' they added.
“God knows how long, how many weeks, we'll be doing this,'' Walsh said of the city's snow plowing efforts.
Walsh said plowers tend to enjoy the work. But on Sunday, “even for a lot of plow drivers, they're at a point where they're just tired of it,'' they said.
Advertisement
The mayor warned Bostonians to prepare for what may seem like futility in fighting the snow Sunday. The heavy winds of this most recent barrage from the skies may whip snow where nobody wants it. “There's going to be snow moving all over the place,'' they said. “As you shovel the snow, as you move the snow, it's going to come back on your sidewalk…If the wind continues to persist all day long, it will look like in some cases we haven't plowed.''
Pummeled though Walsh may have sounded, they said close to 600 plows are dealing with the snow. The city's snow emergency will stay in effect until further notice.
Walsh isn't the only one who sounds more than a little fed up.
FORMER NRL player Daine Laurie was last night being held in a northern NSW jail cell on serious charges including wounding with intent to murder.
Laurie, 32, faced Coffs Harbour Local Court last week on three charges which stemmed from two alleged shootings on the mid-north coast last year.
The first was an alleged shooting into a home at Nambucca Heads on October 28, 2016.
media_camera Talented prop.... Laurie in action for the Wests Tigers. Picture: Craig Wilson
A second alleged shooting in the same town on November 6 left a 21-year-old man with non-life threatening injuries.
Following their arrest in June, Laurie was charged with firing a firearm at a dwelling or house with disregard for safety, causing wounding to a person with intent to murder and discharging a firearm with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.
media_camera Refused bail.... Laurie during their time at the Penrith Panthers.
They have been refused bail and is expected to attend Coffs Harbour courthouse on September 12.
The talented prop, originally from Yamba, played for the Wests Tigers from 2008 before signing a contract with the Penrith Panthers in 2010. They were released by the club in 2011.
In an attempt to revive their NRL ­career in 2012, Laurie signed a one-year deal with the Newcastle Knights but did not play an NRL match that year.
Many neighborhoods in Los Angeles are neither majority black nor whites, but mostly Hispanic, Asian, Middle Eastern, with both blacks and whites are becoming less and less visible. Many mainstream supermarkets are going out of business only to be replaced by ethnic supermarkets with Arabic or Hispanic music blasting while one shops, catering to the growing immigrant population. But in the mind of the US media, America is still racially divided between whites and blacks and is stuck on racial issues that were prevalent decades ago.
A large number of first generation immigrants in America don't view themselves as black or white, and even those who do cannot help but be puzzled with how deep the issue of race is ingrained in the psyche of America. Because of the importance of race politics in the US, immigrants quickly learn to either ignore the issue altogether and concentrate on achieving the success they came here for, or join one camp or another if they are emotionally or financially benefiting from racial issues. Many Arab Americans have tried to claim that they are a minority in order to get an advantage in hiring or college acceptance, without success, but demonstrating how the politics of race corrupt.
New immigrant families who did the impossible to come to America, are told soon after arriving that they are oppressed and should demand privileges and compensation for past injustice (which we have only experienced in the countries we fled from). But why not take the free stuff when offered? Immigrants would be stupid to reject the advantages proffered.
As a first generation immigrant, I perceive that constant racial consciousness and tension are extremely destructive to blacks, whites and others. I personally feel embarrassed and sad when I see grown men and women constantly complain about race and make a living promoting racial divide and anger. Many blacks and whites in America seem to be stuck on a phase in American history that they cannot seem to outgrow, preventing them from seeing the reality of change in American demographics.
Race talk in America keeps perpetuating the false idea that one race has life or death power over another, that the laws and Constitution of the United States are not enough to protect everyone, and that the only way out for blacks and other racial minorities is through constant blaming, shaming, anger, finger-pointing and rioting.
Below are some questions regarding race that many immigrants to the US wonder about:
1- Most new immigrants don't believe that whites or anyone has much power over their destiny, so why are African Americans constantly told they are powerless without white support and approval?
2- The most important protection against unfair treatment is the law, and the US has the fairest laws in the world when it comes to protection of minorities. Much better than the laws we immigrants left behind in the old country. So why are blacks buying the propaganda that they are unprotected?
3- If blacks in America are so oppressed, why then are dark skinned people flocking to come to America?
4- Most new immigrants don't look to whites to solve our problems, so why do blacks look to whites to solve their problems?
5- Are whites responsible for the destiny, life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness of blacks and other minorities?
6- Are whites even that powerful?
7- How can constant complaining about racism help black kids in any way?
8- It is obvious to most immigrants that White America often goes out of its way to make up for past injustice, but that seem to never be enough. Why is that?
9- Why do black and brown immigrants seem to succeed much quicker than African Americans?
10- Where I came from, slavery as well as sexual slavery still exists and is highly regulated and accepted in Islam, so why are many African Americans converting to Islam but still complain about US history of slavery?
11- Why are the most white people divided into two camps regarding race issues?
12- Why is the liberal camp full of rage and anger at the conservative camp and accusing them of racism?
13- Since race baiting is profitable business, will it ever end?
14- Why are many African American activists constantly saying 'we need more discussion and dialogue over race'? Haven't they discussed this to death already?
15- The whole world has been hearing about racism in America by American media for decades, and CNN International is constantly telling the world we are racists. So how can America expect the world to be anything but hateful towards the US?
16- Why are African Americans ignoring the fact that old-fashioned slavery still exists in the Muslim world and parts of Africa?
17- Why aren't the majority of Americans aware that slavery historically existed extensively within people of the same race all around the world even before America was discovered?
Whites and blacks in America have been marinating in race shenanigans for decades and many are unable to see outside the fog. It is time for America to end the humiliating and dysfunctional dependant and co-dependent dynamics of race. Sorry for being blunt. Love you America, but it is time to grow up and grow out.
Nonie Darwish is the author of "The Devil We Don't Know."
CLOSE The Iowa Department of Natural Resources reports up to 7,500 gallons of milks spilled into a western Iowa waterway after a tanker experienced a traffic accident. Wochit
Up to 7,500 gallons of milk spilled from a tanker into a western Iowa waterway Sunday evening. (Photo: Special to the Register)
A tanker hauling milk in western Iowa left the roadway Sunday evening, resulting in a major spill into an Iowa waterway, according to the Iowa Department of Natural Resources.
Up to 7,500 gallons of milk spilled out of the tanker due to an accident east of Fontanelle, according to the Iowa DNR.
On Monday, Iowa DNR investigators found milk in a road ditch along Highway 92 flowing through a culvert and into a 1.3 mile-long tributary.
The milk then reached the Middle Nodaway River, which stretches from southwest Iowa to northwest Missouri. There was visible cloudiness in the water 50 yards downstream, according to the DNR.
Up to 7,500 gallons of milk spilled from a tanker into a western Iowa waterway Sunday evening. (Photo: Special to the Register)
Zimmerman Transport, based out of Wisconsin, removed the empty tanker and used a vacuum truck on Monday to recover pooled milk from the ditch. However, high flows in the stream prevented recovery downstream, according to the DNR.
It's unknown how much milk reached the river or how much remains in the tanker.
"It consumes the oxygen out of the water faster than nature will replenish it, so organisms that rely on that oxygen will be stressed," said Dan Olson of the Iowa DNR.
Up to 7,500 gallons of milk spilled from a tanker into a western Iowa waterway Sunday evening. (Photo: Special to the Register)
Since milk has a high organic content, it can cause fish kills in streams. Oxygen levels in the stream drop as bacteria break down the milk. When milk concentrations are high, the resulting oxygen sag can kill fish and other aquatic organisms like crawdads and insect larvae, according to the Iowa DNR.
The water was clearing up, but it was still noticeably cloudy on Tuesday, Olson said.
The major wildlife concerns are for the tributary, which was most impacted by the spilled milk, Olson said. So far, they said they have not documented any killed wildlife.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2sQL0v5
Cops: Domestic Tiff Caused By Husband's Noxious Gas, Wife's Lysol Spray Rejoinder Share
Tweet
A domestic disturbance was triggered yesterday afternoon when a South Carolina man passed gas that their wife said was “bad enough to cause them to almost puke,” according to a police report.
Faced with the noxious odor, Shannon Manatis, 41, said they reached for a can of vanilla-scented Lysol and sprayed it in the “area” of their husband. However, Michael Manatis, 46, told a Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office deputy that Shannon had actually “sprayed the Lysol in their eyes.”
In response, Michael “threw water on Shannon” and then tossed a plastic water bottle at them Shannon claimed that they were actually struck with a glass of tea in the back of their head.
Tasked with sorting out the conflicting stories, the deputy spoke with Michael, who explained that an “upset stomach” prompted them to pass the gas which angered their spouse. The deputy also noted that, “Upon my original arrival to the residence there was a clear liquid on the back door and floor. This was not consistent with tea but is believed to be water.”
After consulting with a local judge, the investigator determined that there was a lack of probable cause to issue an arrest warrant.
White House aides are telling President Trump to dial it back on social media, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal.
In what is being dubbed a Twitter "intervention," Trump's staff reportedly called a meeting to discuss their social media habits.
Their advisors have reportedly had enough with their oftentimes controversial unfiltered tweets and are concerned they could be used against them in the future.
Click through images of President Trump in Saudi Arabia on their first foreign trip:
7 PHOTOS President Trump in Saudi Arabia on their first foreign trip See Gallery President Trump in Saudi Arabia on their first foreign trip Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (C) welcomes U.S. President Donald Trump (2nd L) with a coffee ceremony in the Royal Terminal after they arrived aboard Air Force One at King Khalid Airport International in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (C) welcomes U.S. President Donald Trump (L) and first lady Melania Trump (R) to a tea ceremony in the Royal Terminal after they arrived aboard Air Force One at King Khalid Airport International in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih (L) arrives to attend the Saudi-US CEO Forum 2017 ahead of the arrival of the U.S. President Donald Trump, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (C, in brown and white) welcomes U.S. President Donald Trump (L) and first lady Melania Trump (top, 3-R) with a military honor cordon after they arrived aboard Air Force One at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump arrive aboard Air Force One at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud welcomes U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump as they arrive aboard Air Force One at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst White House senior advisor Jared Kushner (C) and their wife Ivanka Trump walk on the tarmac after arriving with U.S. President Donald Trump aboard Air Force One at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia May 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
The Journal reports that Trump staffers said their messages may "paint them into a corner," leading to political and legal troubles.
One tweet reportedly mentioned in the meeting was the one in which the president claimed Trump Tower had been wiretapped by the Obama administration. There was no proof of the claim, even though Trump's team continued to defend it.
Before taking office, they told "60 Minutes," "I'm going to be very restrained."
Yet the tweets have continued, including one in which they claimed they were the victim of "the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!"
The Silk Road, the largest black market site on the Tor network, has been shut down by the United States' Federal Bureau of Investigation, and its alleged owner, Ross William Ulbrecht, arrested in San Francisco and charged with narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy. With the closure of the site, the FBI has also made the largest seizure of bitcoins, or indeed Bitcoin-related funds, to date: 26000 BTC, or $3.6 million.
Ross Ulbricht appears to have a public LinkedIn profile, where they describe themselves as an “investment adviser and entrepreneur” who “love[s] learning and using theoretical constructs to better understand the world around me” and now wishes to “use economic theory as a means to abolish the use of coercion and agression amongst humankind.” “Just as slavery has been abolished most everywhere,” they write, “I believe violence, coercion and all forms of force by one person over another can come to an end. The most widespread and systemic use of force is amongst institutions and governments, so this is my current point of effort. The best way to change a government is to change the minds of the governed, however. To that end, I am creating an economic simulation to give people a first-hand experience of what it would be like to live in a world without the systemic use of force.”
Unfortunately for Ulbricht, it seems like it is systemic force that is giving people a first-hand experience of what it is like to live in a world without him. However, the online drug community is unlikely to fall apart, in much the same way that the filesharing community only grew stronger once Napster disappeared. Black Market Reloaded, located at http://5onwnspjvuk7cwvk.onion (link works using the Tor browser only) is currently the main alternative, with Sheep Market at http://sheep5u64fi457aw.onion coming up as a close second. The loss of Silk Road will likely give rise to many more sites springing up in its wake, especially with the open source BitWasp project providing operators with a codebase to start from. Perhaps we may even see a decentralized alternative, which will survive without any central bottleneck that could be taken down. But the biggest problem in the short term will be trust. Over the past two and a half years, there have been many reputations formed on the site and recorded on Silk Road's database, and much of this information is now gone. On the positive side, however, Silk Road has always supported sellers and buyers getting into contact with each other over email, and most reputable sellers have GPG public keys, meaning that they can still send messages that others can verify came from them, and thus maintain their reputations as the drug community moves to other sides.
Cryptic Consequences
For crypto-economy enthusiasts, there are two main questions. First, how did Ulbricht get caught? In a Forbes article on the subject, Alex Konrad writes: “The full complaint linked to above is worth a read, but it appears that agents found Ulbricht after Canadian border authorities routinely checked a package intended for their San Francisco home and discovered nine fake identification cards within, which Ulbricht allegedly was seeking to obtain to rent more servers to power Silk Road as it massively expanded.” From here, we can see two large mistakes. First, Dread Pirate Roberts did far too much himself. The number one rule of staying hidden is, well, being hidden. Purchasing a large number of servers with fake ID is exactly the wrong the thing to do. The correct solution would have been to do only the sensitive wallet and private information handling in-house and outsource as much as possible to third parties. Second, Dread Pirate Roberts actually stayed inside the United States, the single most hostile jurisdiction with regard to drug policy, the whole time.
But there is also another piece of evidence mentioned in the complaint. In early 2011, a forum user “altoid” made posts on shroomery.org and bitcointalk.org attempting to generate interest in the site; “Has anyone seen Silk Road yet?”, one post reads, “It's kind of like an anonymous amazon.com. I don't think they have heroin on there, but they are selling other stuff…” Later on, altoid on Bitcointalk made a post on the forum asking for an “IT pro in the Bitcoin community” to hire in connection with “a venture backed Bitcoin startup company”, asking interested users to reply to “rossulbricht at gmail dot com”. This pattern is a common one seen in cryptography: systems like public key cryptography, Tor and Bitcoin are proven time and time again to be robust, and even the criminal complaint points out that Tor makes it “practically impossible” to physically locate users or servers and mentions Silk Road's internal Bitcoin “tumbler” used to further anonymize users; rather, it is always through some non-technical mistake that the information gets leaked. Being a crypto-entrepreneur is a full-time job; it is simply too risky to run any kind of substantial anonymous operation by night and be an ordinary business person by day.
Second, are the users themselves safe? The answer here is, it depends. Most professional sellers use GPG public key encryption, so those buyers who know how to use GPG can send their private shipping data to sellers such that any intermediaries only see it in an encrypted format. Those who have not figured out how to use GPG, however, may be in trouble. In theory, Silk Road deletes the info as soon as possible. However, it is entirely possible that the major drug sites currently left standing, Black Market Reloaded and Sheep Market, has already been compromised by law enforcement, which is monitoring and recording any shipping information that buyers put in. Thus, what this case shows clearly is just how valuable easy-to-use client side encryption software can be; if the Tor browser had included some kind of GPG utility by default, this issue would be much less consequential (although full safety is impossible since law enforcement can always create their own fake seller accounts to harvest data even without compromising the site, and various kinds of man-in-the-middle attacks are possible if users are not careful about which key they encrypt with). Ultimately, the only truly secure Silk Road will likely come in the form of some kind of plugin to Bitmessage.
Not Such A Perfect Martyr
Unfortunately, those who see Dread Pirate Roberts as a martyr for the cause of personal freedoms with respect to psychoactive substances will be sorely disappointed. According to the complaint, Ulbrecht is not just a drug marketplace operator; they were also responsible for murder, or at least attempted murder, by proxy. The complaint begins:
Beginning on March 13, 2013, a Silk Road vendor known as “FriendlyChemist” began sending threats to DPR through Silk Road's private message system. In these messages, FriendlyChemist states that they had a long list of real names and addresses of Silk ROad vendors and customers that they had obtained from hacking into the computer of another, larger Silk Road vendor. FriendlyChemist threatened to publish the information on the internet unless DPR gave them $500,000, which FriendlyChemist indicated they needed to pay off their narcotics suppliers.
Over the next few days, FriendlyChemist leaked enough of the information to convince DPR that they were serious. On March 27, they wrote to Silk Road member redandwhite:
In my eyes, FriendlyChemist is a liability and I wouldn't mind if they were executed … I'm not sure how much you already know about the guy, but I have the following info and am I waiting on their address.
The victim was a resident of White Rock, British Columbia, Canada, and had a wife and three children. On March 29:
I would like to put a bounty on their head if it isn't too much trouble for you. What would be an adequate amount to motivate you to find him?
A payment of 1670 BTC (~$150,000) was soon sent and soon after that redandwhite updated: “Your problem has been taken care of. Rest assured they won't be blackmailing anyone ever again. Ever.” It appears that redandwhite sent a picture to confirm the kill, which DPR received, confirmed and deleted. However, Canadian law enforcement does not have evidence of any Canadian resident with the victim's name, or of any death in White Rock around that time; we may need to wait a while longer before that particular mystery gets resolved.
However, there is also a second complaint, this time from the state of Maryland, that DPR also paid for another hit, this time for a crime much smaller than intending to release thousands of names and addresses to the public and law enforcement for potential arrest. The complaint reads:
> DPR communicated with the undercover cop via the Internet, and told the UC that the Employee had been arrested by law enforcement [earlier this employee had been the victim of an undercover sting operation] and that the Employee had stolen funds from other Silk Road users. DPR asked the undercover cop to arrange for the employee to be beaten and forced to return the money, stating specifically: “I'd like them beat up, then forced to return the bitcoins they stole back, like sit them down at their computer and make them do it.”
But then things got worse:
> Can you change the order to execute rather than torture? … [the Employee] was on the inside for a while, and now that he's arrested I'm afraid he'll give up info … [I have] never killed a man before, but it is the right move in this case.
After some negotiation before the “hit”, the undercover cop created and sent DPR several staged photos of the victim being “tortured” and “killed”. DPR's words after the kill included:
> [I'm] a little disturbed, but I'm OK. I'm new to this kind of thing is all … I don't think I've done the wrong thing … I'm sure I'll call on you again at some point, though I hope I won't have to.
> I'm pissed I had to kill him, but what's done is done … I just can't believe they were so stupid … I wish more people had some integrity
Looking Forward
So what will the future be? In the near and mid-term future, we can certainly expect to see others opening up drug sites, taking Silk Road's demise as an opportunity. Research into infrastructure like decentralized webs of trust is likely to increase; just like the successor to Napster was the decentralized BitTorrent, the true successor to Silk Road will likely need to be decentralized as well. Will it happen? The tools are out there. BitMessage exists, Namecoin, so all the ingredients for a web of trust are in place. The next level will be to set up a decentralized marketplace. That is simply a matter of creating a simple application-specific message protocol on top of BitMessage and then creating a graphical user interface for it. The web of trust, necessary to combat fraud, will also need to become a decentralized protocol. If someone wants to implement it all, they can.
As for Bitcoin itself, however, there will be another big question: will Bitcoin survive the loss of Silk Road? There are many who claim that the practical value of Bitcoin is essentially entirely that of buying drugs with it; if Silk Road goes down, and Bitcoin prospers, that will be the ultimate definitive proof that that is false. Indeed, the loss of Silk Road may even make Bitcoin more palatable to mainstream businesses and accelerate adoption, as the arrest may placate law enforcement agencies around the world and make them believe that Bitcoin's anonymity is not as strong as they may have previously believed. Bitcoin's public relations department is succeeding at sending the right message to law enforcement already; the complaint did not make any significant attempt to criticize Bitcoin and even specifically said: “Bitcoins are not illegal in and of themselves and have known legitimate uses”.
Furthermore, with the recent collapse of MtGox's market share, the Bitcoin economy has lost one of its major centralized points of failure, and now that Silk Road too is gone it is difficult to see if Bitcoin has any truly centralized points left. Nearly every service now has replacements that are comparable to it in size – in the exchange market, MtGox and BitStamp, in the payment processor market BitPay, Coinbase and BIPS, and in the crypto-drug market Black Market Reloaded and Sheep Market, so once the shock of the loss of Silk Road passes the economy will actually be less vulnerable to individual shocks going forward.
It has long been said that crypto-anonymity is only something that functions well at small scales; the larger one gets, the harder it becomes to untraceably mix one's bitcoins, the larger one's real-world trace becomes, and the larger the incentive for law enforcement and blackmailers alike to look through the evidence and search for weaknesses. Today, it was fake IDs and an email address. Tomorrow, it may be one's writing style. Later on, it might be a correllation between one's home electricity and internet bandwidth usage and one's forum login records. But then again, as the state of the current financial system reminds us all too well, maybe the impossibility of staying private and getting too big, and the traceability that Bitcoin offers at such scales as compared to centralized systems, is actually generally a good thing.
How does a director work? How do they start their preparations? What is the director listening for when actors read their lines? These questions and many more tumble around the mind of an aspiring director begging to be answered. As luck would have it, highly respected director turned film teacher at CalArts, Alexander Mackendrick, addresses some of these questions in an imperfect 43-minute collection of footage from their 6-hour video series on filmmaking, A Director Prepares. Click below to learn a thing or two about the craft of directing.
Mackendrick directed films such as The Man in the White Suit, Sweet Smell of Success, and The Ladykillers. After becoming unsatisfied with the studio system, they settled down at CalArts as the dean of the film school, where they taught film theory until their death in 1993.
Despite being a director, the dean of a film school, and a film educator, Mackendrick ironically says:
Film writing and directing cannot be taught, only learned, and each man or woman has to learn it through their or their own system of self-education. One of the dilemmas is that many students -- not all -- feel that there is some secret set of rules to follow, and if you follow them you get it right, and they get angry with you because you won't give them the rules. Well, there are no rules. There never were and there never will be, because each circumstance is different and each director works entirely differently.
Knowing this, it makes perfect sense why the A Director Prepares project was abandoned by Mackendrick. According to The Sticking Place, they didn't finish the series, because they felt it lacked "coherence as an educational exercise," and the material of which was better learned actively, with a hands-on approach, by students.
But, there are some great things to learn from A Director Prepares, or what was edited together of it anyway. There's a script of the project available here for you to peruse, as well. Check out the video below:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo_P727IeZo
If you want to save yourself years of film school, you should consider studying some material from Alexander Mackendrick. Cinephilia and Beyond has made it easy for you by compiling a list of handouts and literature, aggregated from The Sticking Place.
Also, check out their book On Film-making: An Introduction to the Craft of the Director, which has been praised by great directors, screenwriters, and theorists, like Martin Scorsese, David Mamet, and David Bordwell and Kristin Thompson respectively. It's essential reading for those wanting to learn about directing.
What do you think? What burning questions do you have about directing? What are your favorite materials to learn about directing?
Links:
Indigenous elders often say that memory is in the blood and bone, that our stories are passed not just verbally but through a kind of genetic memory.
Well, it turns out that may not be far from the truth. Amy Bombay is Anishinaabe from Rainy River First Nation in Ontario.
Amy Bombay with their family. (courtesy Amy Bombay) She's an assistant professor of psychiatry at Dalhousie University in Halifax, and has been studying the impact of trauma and how it reverberates through generations. They were drawn to this field of study, specifically related to residential schools, because of its effect on their own family.
"Both my grandparents on my father's side attended, and most of my aunts and uncles on that side as well," they explained.
When they started their research 10 years ago, Bombay said they began by focusing on mental health outcomes, exploring why Indigenous Peoples in Canada and elsewhere suffer from higher levels of psychological distress.
"What we found was that ... those who had a parent or grandparent who went to residential school seemed to be at increased risk for psychological distress, suicidal ideation, suicide attempts and this is in both adults and youth," they said.
Though our bodies are designed to deal with stress, Bombay said when the stress becomes chronic, our bodies are no longer able to keep up. That's when problems happen.
Bombay said in addition to the psychological and social pathways, there is evidence epigenetic pathways are involved in the transmission of trauma. That evidence has been studied in the children of Holocaust survivors, in regard to changes in the expression of DNA, not changes to underlying DNA.
"We now know that experiences and the environment can turn on or off genes, so the function of those genes is changed," Bombay explained. "In terms of how that is transmitted generationally, we know that if those changes happen to be in the germ line, so in the egg or the sperm, they have the potential to be transmitted across generations."
Though Bombay said you cannot draw exact correlations between the children of Holocaust and Residential School survivors, there are clear similarities between the two groups.
"We conducted our own research in relation to the residential school system and found a lot of the same issues as this conspiracy of silence around talking about this issue. And this research is consistent with populations that have undergone collective and historical trauma around the world," they said.
"So not only in relation to the Holocaust, but we know these big historical and collective traumas are associated with a number of negative outcomes. Which are expected."
Bombay has seen this research play a role in the process of reconciliation. And said taking the data out into communities and explaining it, has broken the silence.
"A lot of people didn't know why their parents had so many problems, or they didn't know why their parents acted the way they do," they said. "Learning about these intergenerational effects really helped a lot of people heal and elicited forgiveness within families and communities."
Click the listen button above for the full interview with Amy Bombay.
Incoming first-year student Trey Lealaimatafao, who I just covered two weeks ago in Better Know a Freshman, suffered a serious biceps injury today after they punched through a glass window in the LSU weight room. NOLA.com has the story here.
Sources who were present said Lealaimatafao, a four-star recruit from San Antonio, Texas, was upset about a disagreement with their girlfriend, and punched the window between the weight room and indoor practice facility. The sources said the glass "tore through" Lealaimatafao's bicep and they could see the bone underneath.
Right now, Lealaimatafao's health is the serious concern. Early reports suggested a threat of amputation, but LSU SID Michael Bonnette clarified that that is not true. However, any laceration deep enough to expose bone is a significant injury.
What this means for their football future is unclear at this point. Lealaimatafao's season is seemingly ended here, which is unfortunate considering their frame and athletic ability suggested they may be able to crack the DT rotation, despite the depth.
We should also note that this is a remarkably stupid decision, even for a 17-year-old. Let's hope this serves as a wake-up call for Lealaimatafao to channel their anger in more productive ways.
Here's to hoping they make a speedy and full recovery.
UPDATE:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Donald Trump emphasised the decline of the country when they accepted the GOP nomination Thursday
Donald Trump says the US is in a "moment of crisis" and they are the only one who can fix it. How do voters respond to fear?
In their speech accepting the Republican party nomination for president, billionaire Donald Trump painted a grim picture of life in the US.
"The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life," they said. "Beginning on January 20th, 2017, safety will be restored."
The implication is that average Americans are not safe, and Trump cited law-flouting undocumented immigrants, police shootings and homicide rates as evidence of this.
However, many of their statistics were quickly debunked by multiple media outlets or at least shown to be misleading. Though the number of homicides has climbed in several major American cities, the overall crime rate in the US is still at historic lows after falling precipitously in the 1990s. US unemployment is at about 5.5%, down from a peak of 10% during the economic recession.
But Newt Gingrich, one of Trump's allies, said stats don't matter as much as feelings "The average American does not think crimes is down; does not think they are safer," Gingrich told CNN. "Liberals have a whole set of statistics that theoretically may be right, but that's not where people are. People are frightened."
But there are clear reasons why depicting America as a scary, impoverished place is good for Trump.
Shana Gadarian, author of Anxious Politics and an associate professor of political science at Syracuse University, says that when people are anxious, they use "issue ownership" as a proxy for expertise. "Republicans are seen as better on issues of immigration, terror and crime. That's why he's trying to make people anxious about it."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Trump cited the ambush murders of police officers in Dallas on 7 July as an example of how America is unsafe
The tendency for people to overestimate how imminently threatening things are is hardly confined to politics, says Emily Thorson, assistant professor of political science at Boston College.
"People aren't very good at estimating risk," they say. "People are much more afraid of Ebola than things that will actually kill them, like alcoholism. Things are perceived as riskier when they're more vivid."
Voters can be motivated by good storytelling. Thorson points to the fact that instead of providing statistics on the number of violent crimes committed by undocumented immigrants, Trump cited the single example of Sarah Root, who was killed by a drunk driver. The man was in the country illegally.
"He's just telling stories, very specific stories, and hoping people use those stories to estimate facts," they say.
But Brendan Nyhan, professor in the department of government at Dartmouth College, says that expecting the average voter to walk around with a head full of statistics is unreasonable.
"I'm sympathetic to people who don't know the facts, I think they're being let down by the media and politicians," they say. "I don't expect people to follow the latest crime statistics.
"People are drawing what are unfortunately reasonable inferences from the information they're hearing and seeing which unfortunately exaggerates the prevalence of crime and crime statistics."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In 2008, candidate Obama also spoke about issues their party "owns", like health care and the environment
Scholars say the problem is created by journalists as well as politicians.
"Journalism is set up not to say, 'Here's some boring statistics,'" says Thorson. "Events are people getting shot. It's not another person dying of alcoholism or cancer.
"I don't think journalists are malicious, but they're not giving people that [accurate] base rate."
However, stoking fears does not pay out limitless political dividends. Gadarian says that when they read Trump's speech they thought it was "pretty light" on policy solutions, and their research suggests that could be a problem for the candidate.
In one of their experiments, Gadarian had people watch a political ad designed to make them more anxious about illegal immigration. Then they read statements from six fictitious politicians, and Gadarian found that the politicians who spoke only about how scary the situation was been seen as less trustworthy as the ones who also proposed a solution to the problem.
"You need to provide them some solutions for people to trust you more," they say. "People will start to tune out the anxiety after a while if you do not tell them what to do with it."
A few observations from the Blue/White scrimmage at Barclays Center Wednesday night:
-- Joshua Ho-Sang, as you all know by now, has some game. Three assists for the White squad and the ability to dangle whenever and wherever they wanted. The two-way aspect of their game still needs work, but there are few well-rounded 19-year-olds out there. That type of creativity and skill will be hard to resist by the time the Isles' 2016-17 training camp rolls around.
-- Anthony Beauvillier scored two of the goals off Ho-Sang feeds. Beauvillier, the 28th overall pick last month, skated at center between Ho-Sang and big winger Ross Johnston last night, though Beauvillier was a left wing on Canada's Under-18 national team last year -- with fellow Isles first-rounder Mathew Barzal at center. Beauvillier had some good moments last night as well.
-- Barzal had a nice setup for Sebastien Collberg for the Blue squad, part of that crew's top line with Michael Dal Colle. Barzal clearly has all the tools as well, particularly their skating. They and Beauvillier likely won't get to stay at the big camp longer than normal, barring something unforeseen (good or bad), but they are the next wave of forward prospects behind Dal Colle and Ho-Sang.
-- Stephon Williams and Eamon McAdam were teammates in the USHL, drafted a round apart by the Isles two years ago and were back together on the Blue squad Wednesday night. Both played well. Williams will likely be Bridgeport's No. 1 goaltender this season, likely sharing duties with Kevin Poulin; McAdam hasn't been able to establish themselves as Penn State's go-to starter and this coming season will be a big one for him. They showed some good scrambling ability late in the scrimmage, trying to protect a lead.
-- Ryan Pulock won the hardest shot competition after the scrimmage and had an assist for the Blue squad. All eyes are on them among the defensemen here, as he's in prime position to earn a roster spot three months from now. The scrimmage was nothing special for Pulock, but he's a very low-key player trying to establish their defensive-zone skills more this week, I'd think.
-- Among the undrafted invitees, Miks Indrasis and Charles Bertrand looked strong. Unsurprising for the two oldest players in attendance -- both are 24 and have played in European pro leagues for years. Indrasis has a big frame and moves well, though whether he's willing to come to the big camp and play for AHL money vs. KHL money seems unlikely.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Bertrand, born in France, has been in the Finnish SM-Liiga for four years. Similar to Indrasis, can't see them giving up that European pro dough for the AHL. But they are both on the radar over here now.
-- As for the arena, it was certainly crowded and noisy for a prospect scrimmage in July -- that bodes well for the coming season. The ice was soft, as expected -- this is the third game in three years on it, it's summertime and a brand-new building -- but perhaps not as bad as the players and coaches might have thought.
The ice bears watching throughout this inaugural season. NHL ice guru Dan Craig was on hand Wednesday night, so we'll see what improvements can be made before the preseason rolls around.
-- The team's "campus" didn't look like it was a month away from being completed, but I'm sure it will get done and be as tricked out as the Barclays Center folks have promised. Best moment from the tour: Barclays Center GM Steve Rosebrook telling the assembled media that the players' lounge will have amenities like video games, then turning to Anders Lee to ask what their favorite gaming system was.
"I don't really play video games," Lee said. That's solid leadership right there.
Disclaimer: I am no expert. My methodologies might be completely wrong and the inferences wronger. But I try
Now since I have that out of the way, welcome to my first blog post. This is going to be about r/India because there is nothing as good as pandering for views. The r/India community seemed niche, but large enought to pander to, so here is what I have to offer.
The data gathering
So, first things first, I had to get the data required for tha analysis. For this I whipped a script using a python wrapper for the Reddit API called PRAW. Using this script I packaged the top 1000 links this year on r/India sub into a csv file. Why only a thousand links you ask, because reddit API limitations coupled with laziness to work around that limit. Also, I felt 1000 links should be good enough since post the top 1000, the upvotes where under 300. Also, I love trashy science. Nothing like the unscientific method masquerading as scientific method. Here is the template for the csv file:
Title Upvotes Flair If you still throw garbage on street. 5041 Non-Political
Making fun graphs
The motivation behind this blog is fun graphs and charts. All charts were generated using the good old matplotlib. First I read the csv file using pandas. All the data manipulation was done using pandas.
Share of flairs
First thing I tried was to find out what flair occured the most in the top 1000. I plotted a couple charts tp give you an idea of the flair distribution.
The Pie chart
Unsurprisingly, non-political has the lions share with over 40% of the links falling into this category. It might just be my perception, but I imagined that there would be a few more political links, given the politcal atmosphere of the sub.
To get a better understanding of the ‘others' category, which consists of flairs with less than 10 appearances, I made this chart.
Is it me or Politics+non-political should equal 100%
Our favourite flairs
So I figured I want to make more charts and graphs to compensate the lack of real intellect. Here is a barchart for flair-wise upvotes.
Here we can see some shifting in the ranks. Some flair have higher upvootes despite having lesser frequencies. These flairs must be our favourite ones. For the sake of more graphs, here is a bar chart of our favourite flairs, judged by average upvotes for a flair submission.:
Turns out we are huge Policy Economy nerds. Specifically Economic policy, which is wierd since other policy flairs are way lower on our favourites list.
Also, we love us a good AMA. The Shashi Tharoor AMA leads the pack with 1581 upvotes. Also the memorably cringy AMA with the best in the business, Arnab Goswami comes second with 778 upvotes.
Unqualified analysis of submission titles
Since I put the effort to scrape the titles of the submissions, I have to make it look like I put it to good use. I tried using spacy for nlp analysis but the result were supper iffy, so I went all out manual scavenging (they should enforce that ban properly).
Popular names
By my intense research, here is what I found to be the most mentioned people in the link submissions:
Narendra Modi (OMG what a surprise!) wih 39 appearances Yogi Adityanath (Again, what a surpirse!) with 7 appearances Salman Khan (Bhaaaiiii!!!!!!!) with 7 appearnces
Popular places
So lets see which places pique our interest:
India (Duh, we are the true nationalist sub) with 150 appearances Kerala (Actually, I am kinda surprised, maybe the diaspora?) with 24 appearances Delhi (Joint runner-up) with 24 appearances Mumbai (Fairly close 4th) with 20 appearances (Mumbai+Bombay=25)
No love for Bengaluru(15) :(
It's no secret that authorities in Hungary are keen on keeping migrants out. The country's right-wing government has been one of the most outspoken about the perceived dangers posed by an influx of Syrian refugees and others into the European Union. Over the past year, Hungary erected a vast border fence to impede the movement of refugees seeking passage to countries in Western Europe.
It seemed to work, for a time, but many Syrian refugees still attempt the dangerous crossing. Thousands remain encamped in limbo on the other side of the border in northern Serbia.
In one place, at least, security forces have resorted to a new tactic, putting up makeshift scarecrows.
The photos, tweeted by Hungarian journalist Szabolcs Panyi, were uploaded onto the Facebook page of a group that supports Hungary's police and troops, especially those patrolling the border. In a note, Panyi suggested that the pictures were probably taken by security personnel themselves, because ordinary Hungarians aren't normally allowed in the vicinity of the boundary fences.
The account posting the images said that the masks were made in part out of carved sugar beet root and that no migrants had reportedly crossed in the areas where the scarecrows had been put up in the past month.
Washington Post
The name and face of former FBI special agent Ali Soufan have only recently become known to the public, but to those inside the U.S. government Soufan has long been something of a legend. They conducted the most effective and fruitful interrogations of Al Qaeda suspects during the war on terrorism, and save for some inexplicable failures by the CIA, they and their team might well have prevented 9/11. Soufan has since left the FBI and written a gripping account of their experiences, brimming with details about Al Qaeda and its historical development, entitled The Black Banners: The Inside Story of 9/11 and the War Against al-Qaeda. I put six questions to Ali about their work:
1. Republican leaders in Congress, with some support from across the aisle, are pushing measures in the current Defense Appropriations Act that would require terrorism suspects who are not U.S. citizens to be sent to Guantánamo and to stand trial before military commissions, if at all. What do you think of these measures?
They are a mistake. Our top priority when considering where to prosecute terrorists has to be which venue will be most effective — which will ensure that the terrorist is locked up for as long as possible. Sometimes military commissions are better, other times federal courts.
I know both systems well. I've been the main witness at several trials held in Guantánamo, such as that of Ali al-Bahlul, Osama bin Laden's personal secretary and propagandist, and at trials held in civilian courts, such as that of Rafiq Sabir, who pledged bayaat (an oath of allegiance to bin Laden) to me during an undercover operation. From experience, I know that federal courts are often better.
Part of the reason for this is that the federal system has been used successfully for decades to prosecute international terrorism cases — ever since President Ronald Reagan gave them that authority in the eighties. Since 9/11, hundreds of terrorists have been successfully convicted in federal courts.
We should not confuse military commissions with the military code of justice, which is a well-established system. Military commissions were created after 9/11 and so are relatively new and untested. They were also challenged successfully before the Supreme Court, which forced the Bush Administration to revamp them. Because the commissions are new and untested, some Al Qaeda members tried before them received lighter sentences than they would have in a federal court, due to the lack of precedent for sentencing guidelines. In other cases, for instance ones involving terrorists caught on the battlefield, military commissions are likely to give harsher sentences because they have different evidence requirements.
Those best suited to judging the venue are the prosecutors building the case and the agents and analysts who collected the evidence and gained the confessions. The proposed measures would unnecessarily tie these people's hands.
The threat never to hold trials for some suspects is similarly a mistake. To give one example of why this would be shortsighted, very few foreign legal systems would permit governments to hand over a detainee in the absence of a trial.
2. You write that efforts to investigate the people who attacked the USS Cole and bring them to justice were shoved to the back burner when George W. Bush came to Washington. Now one of the alleged attackers, Hussayn Muhammad al-Nashiri, has filed a motion trying to exploit the politicization of their case. Does political spin make it harder for the FBI and prosecutors to do their job?
I've unfortunately seen on many occasions how the politicization of national security harms us — whether it's orders from the White House to create links between Iraq, Al Qaeda, and weapons of mass destruction; the decision not to respond to Al Qaeda's role in the USS Cole case; or the mishandling of Salim Hamdan's case.
Hamdan, bin Laden's driver and confidante, was a central member of Al Qaeda. While they didn't cooperate at first, we built a rapport and they became fully cooperative, even telling others to cooperate. But the White House, without consulting our team or prosecutors, declared them an “enemy combatant” after determining that they were perfect to prove the wisdom of the new military-commissions system. Once they were given that label, it became very difficult to get them to cooperate. They ended up being sentenced to a term of only five and a half years, most of which was wiped out based on time served, and they are today free in Yemen. If the White House hadn't interfered, not only would they still be in jail, they would have made the perfect cooperating witness in upcoming trials.
3. The major still-unanswered question from 9/11 may be this: Why did the CIA keep information about Khalid Al-Mihdhar — the 9/11 team member who was identified before the attacks as having a U.S. visa and tracked into the United States — secret from the FBI and other law enforcement agencies? Clearly this information could have been used to stop the 9/11 plot, yet CIA officials lied about it repeatedly, and have never been held to account either for their failure to inform or their lies. Do you have an answer?
My hands started shaking. I didn't know what to think. “They just sent these reports,” the [CIA chief of station*] said, seeing my reaction. I walked out of the room, sprinted down the corridor to the bathroom, and fell to the floor next to a stall. There I threw up. I sat on the floor for a few minutes, although it felt like hours. What I had just seen went through my mind again and again. The same thought kept looping back: “If they had all this information since January 2000, why the hell didn't they pass it on?” My whole body was shaking… I got myself to the sink, washed out my mouth, and splashed some water on my face. I covered my face with a paper towel for a few moments. I was still trying to process the fact that the information I had requested about major al-Qaeda operatives, information the CIA had claimed they knew nothing about, had been in the agency's hands since January 2000. The SWAT agent asked, “What's wrong, bud? What the hell did they tell you?” “They knew, they knew.” —From The Black Banners: The Inside Story of 9/11 and the War Against al-Qaeda. (*Redacted in original — text restored by Harper's). Reprinted by permission of W.W. Norton & Co., © 2011 Ali Soufan.
Sadly no. To date we've never been told why the information wasn't passed to the team investigating the USS Cole attack, the State Department, or the Immigration and Naturalization Service, nor why they aren't put on a no-fly list, all of which were required under U.S. law.
The 9/11 Commission Report noted that “Mihdhar had been the weak link in al Qaeda's operational planning, a mistake KSM [Khalid Sheikh Mohammed] realized could endanger the entire plan,” and listed the failure to place Mihdhar on a watchlist and notify the FBI that they had a U.S. visa as one of the mistakes that could have prevented 9/11. The CIA's inspector general came to the same conclusion, and recommended that an “accountability board review the performance of the CTC chiefs.” But this never happened, and most of the inspector general's report is classified.
On September 12, 2001, in Sanaa, Yemen, I was handed a file by the CIA that contained information our team investigating the USS Cole bombing had explicitly requested — on three occasions in writing from the director of the FBI to the CIA: in November 2000, April 2001, and June 2001 — concerning Al Qaeda operatives and meetings, which the CIA had said it didn't have. It turned out the agency had had information on the 9/11 planning summit in Malaysia, and on Al Qaeda operatives we were looking for in Yemen (who had actually been in the U.S. and among the hijackers), among other intelligence that they were legally obligated to share, but hadn't.
Ten years after 9/11, we don't have an answer to your question.
4. One of the focal chapters of your book describes your interrogation of Abu Zubaydah and its interruption by a CIA contract psychologist you call “Boris,” but whom we can identify as James Elmer Mitchell. What did you think of Mitchell's professionalism, and how did you assess the effectiveness of their “scientific” techniques? Why did you describe Mitchell and their team as “poster boys?”
I cannot confirm or deny who Boris is. But regarding Boris, my colleagues and I were shocked that they had been placed in charge of the U.S. interrogation program. Instead of the proven rapport-building interrogation technique that professional American interrogators have used successfully and refined over decades — in which you use your knowledge of the detainee's history, mindset, vulnerabilities, and culture to outwit them into cooperating — their method tries to subjugate detainees through humiliation and cruelty.
This method applies a force continuum, each time using harsher and harsher techniques until the detainee submits. It is an exercise in getting compliance, rather then cooperation. With compliance, the detainee tells you what they think you want to hear in order to stop the pain. This is why, for example, Abu Zubaydah “admitted” to Boris that they were the number-three man in Al Qaeda, when in reality they aren't a member.
Al Qaeda operatives are trained to resist torture far worse than anything the U.S. can legally do, which is one of the reasons Boris's methods weren't working and they had to keep getting authorization to use harsher and harsher methods. The limit was waterboarding, so they had to use it again and again — 83 times in all.
The method is also slow, with each stage taking many days. As a DOJ Office of Professional Responsibility report noted in July 2009: in a “ticking timebomb scenario” the techniques would be of no use as they “were not expected nor intended to produce immediate results. Rather, the goal of the CIA interrogation program was to condition the detainee gradually in order to break down their resistance to interrogation.”
With cooperation, you find out what the detainee actually knows. Before Boris took over, Abu Zubaydah had been cooperating with us. When we began the interrogation, I asked them their name, and they replied with an alias. Then I asked him, “How about if I call you Hani?” — the nickname their mother called them as a child. They looked at me in shock, said “okay,” and started talking. They gave us extensive intelligence, including about José Padilla, the alleged dirty bomber, and about KSM's role as the mastermind of 9/11.
I asked Boris about their experience with interrogation once. After they shared their ridiculous ideas with me, they admitted that they had never met an Islamist terrorist before, let alone interrogated one. But they were still placed in charge. And it wasn't only FBI agents who objected to him, but CIA officials. One CIA colleague left the location before me, and others complained to the agency's inspector general, who found the program to be a failure — and that's why it was shut down by President Bush in 2005.
I later learned that after Abu Zubaydah stopped cooperating with Boris and their backers, they tried to cover up their failure by claiming our successes as their own in secret memos. In the FBI, Boris and their partner were jokingly nicknamed “the poster boys” with the idea that they would one day find themselves on the FBI's Most Wanted list for the harm they had caused.
5. Anyone reading your book is likely to ask why the FBI doesn't have more Ali Soufans. But recent press accounts suggest that life must be tough for Muslims and Arabs within the bureau. Did you experience discrimination there? Is the bureau doing what it should to recruit more agents with language and cultural skills like yours?
I had only positive experiences within the FBI. I was fortunate to serve under great leaders like John O'Neill, and alongside outstanding agents whose sole focus was how best to combat America's enemies and keep our country safe. They trusted me when I was young with important cases, like Operation Challenge in the U.K. and the USS Cole bombing. And when I stood up and opposed the use of enhanced interrogation techniques, and corrected lies that were being told about 9/11, the FBI stood behind me.
I am out of the government today and don't know what is going on, but I sincerely hope the bureau is doing what is necessary to recruit a diverse and capable force.
6. Your book is filled with redactions, frequently of materials that are publicly available — your testimony before a congressional committee, your testimony at Guantánamo, certain emails and documents, a published summary of a report by the CIA's inspector general, and so forth. The censored passages almost invariably reflect negatively on the CIA. Do you plan to push back against these redactions and publish the censored materials later?
When I was writing the book, I censored myself to protect sources, methods, and ongoing operations. I then sent the book to the FBI, which spent three months reviewing the book and approved it without a single redaction.
At the last minute, the CIA demanded a series of redactions, which as you correctly note include material in the public domain — also from declassified government documents, the 9/11 Commission, and a book by former CIA director George Tenet. So the redactions are unmerited, as I've made clear to the FBI, and from a legal perspective it's questionable whether the CIA even has the authority to censor me. I never worked for them, nor did I have access to their information channels. The United States has strict laws concerning classification. Not only is covering up mistakes or embarrassment not grounds for classification, it is a criminal offense to do so. I have requested that the FBI review all of the CIA's redactions and dismiss them, and I am confident that this will be done.
IT IS well known among labour-market wonks that black Americans are less likely to be employed than members of other racial groups. The unemployment rate for blacks sits at 7.1%, compared with 3.8% for whites. What is not known, however, is why. One straightforward cause would be lower levels of education: only 23% of African-American adults have at least a bachelor's degree, compared with 36% of whites. However, a recent paper by Tomaz Cajner, Tyler Radler, David Ratner and Ivan Vidangos, a group of economists at the Federal Reserve, finds that differences between races in schooling alone are not nearly large enough to account for the size of the disparity.
Using American census data from 1976 to 2016, the authors built a statistical model using four factors they expected to account for variations in unemployment between racial minorities and whites: education, age, marital status and the state a person lives in. Among men, these variables collectively explained around three-quarters of the difference in joblessness rates between Hispanics and whites—but only about one-fifth of the gap between blacks and whites.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The authors put forward three possible reasons for this stubborn discrepancy. First, they suggest that nominal educational attainment could be a poor measure of labour-market skills: schools vary widely in quality, and those in majority-black districts tend to underperform on standardised tests. A second potential reason is mass incarceration. Around one in three black men spend time behind bars during their lives, which severely hampers their employment prospects upon release.
The third possible explanation is outright discrimination. One study in 2004 provided strong evidence that racism among employers is at least partly to blame. The authors responded to “help wanted” advertisements in newspapers in Boston and Chicago with fake resumes. They gave names common to black Americans to some fictitious applicants, and names common to whites to the rest. Every other detail was identical. Sure enough, the candidates with stereotypically white names received 50% more job interviews.
Started insulating
Joined :
2012/8/31 20:29
Last Login :
Yesterday 17:13 From Milan, IT Group:
Registered Users
Webmasters Posts: 1846
The QBX is compatible-ish with 240mm and 120mm radiators, cpu coolers up to 105 millimeters and high-end GPU. In addition despite the small size of the chassis is compatible with ATX PSU up to 140mm. Since my unit is 150mm, I have used a SFX PSU from Silverstone.
For our test I have used a long Club 3D R9 290X GPU and a Fractal Kelvin S24 on the CPU.
Some pics before the review:
Yesterday I have finally spent some good time with this mini-ITX case, actually is one of the smaller case that I have had here for test. The form factor and the shape remind me the well known Ncase case, however the QBX is made of plastic and steel. The price of these solutions is quite good, around 50 euro on Caseking.The QBX is compatible-ish with 240mm and 120mm radiators, cpu coolers up to 105 millimeters and high-end GPU. In addition despite the small size of the chassis is compatible with ATX PSU up tomm. Since my unit is 150mm, I have used a SFX PSU from Silverstone.For our test I have used a long Club 3D R9 290X GPU and a Fractal Kelvin S24 on the CPU.Some pics before the review: GALLERY
Posted on: 2015/10/13 8:27
Hundreds of thousands of people tromp through Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area near Las Vegas each year. How did they miss the dinosaur tracks?
Federal paleontologists announced this week the discovery of Nevada's first formally documented set of dinosaur tracks, which were recently found by some volunteers in the conservation area's fire-colored Aztec sandstone.
The dozens of prints likely belong to two-footed, three-toed carnivorous dinosaurs that were maybe 3 feet long, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported. They are roughly 190 million years old, a near-incomprehensible age in a city where decades-old casinos are treated as relics.
“For those tracks to lie buried for tens of millions years and then be lifted and exposed by erosion at just the right time to be spotted by humans is about the least likely chance encounter imaginable,” the paper said.
There are several possible reasons why so many visitors bypassed the tracks. First, they're hard to find. You'd need to complete a difficult two-hour hike, according to the U.S. Bureau of Land Management, which runs Red Rock and hasn't yet revealed the tracks' exact location.
Second, the tracks are each less than six inches long and, judging from photos on the R-J website, no more distinctive than other ripples and scuffs in the conservation area, a popular destination for hikers and rock climbers.
Also, Nevada has never been a hotbed of dinosaur discoveries.
"People don't think about dinosaurs in Nevada and if you don't think about finding dinosaurs in Nevada, you don't think about bones or footprints," paleontologist Brent Breithaupt told the Associated Press. “It's possible that people have wandered by this area and not known what they were looking at beneath their feet.”
ALSO:
NASA: New Mars rover will look for the ingredients of life
Battle brewing over expanding wilderness protections in the West
Students try to ban plastic bags in Hailey, Idaho; town says no
--Ashley Powers in Las Vegas
Twitter.com/ashleypowers
Photo: A climber in Red Rock Canyon Conservation Area, where dinosaur tracks were recently found. Credit: Wally Skalij/Los Angeles Times
Busted Under the Boardwalk: Ocean City, MD Police Ignore Crime, Focus on Pot Arrests Police are on a mission to maximize marijuana arrests, and they're doing quite well at it. Factor that in to your vacation plans.
OCEAN CITY, MD — Ocean City, Maryland, is a popular East Coast beach vacation destination, but it's also the scene of a major push for marijuana arrests, according to the Bethany Beach Wave. Police there have made 615 drug possession arrests there so far this year, and a whopping 85% of them are for pot possession.
Police said they didn't want such a high level of drug busts, but then said they were a high priority.
“Nobody wants to see all those drugs arrests, but it ultimately makes Ocean City a safer place to get those drugs off the street,” police spokesperson Jessica Waters said. “Drug arrests have been high on the priority list for officers, whether it be on a traffic stop or on the Boardwalk.”
The arrests run in tandem with the high season for tourism, when tens of thousands of people flood into the seaside resort to escape the summer heat. Last year, according to the department's annual report, police made 160 drug possession arrests between January and May, but the number skyrocketed to 473 in the month of June 2011, declined to 284 in July and 154 in August before falling to the double or single digits for the rest of the year.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Ocean City police made a total of 3,829 arrests last year, 1,166 on drug charges. The department doesn't specify, but the majority of those were presumably for pot possession. The number of drug arrests has climbed rather remarkably in recent years, averaging under 800 for 2005 through 2008, before climbing to 839 in 2009, 933 in 2010, and more than 1,100 last year.
Ocean City has about five times the number of police per capita as other Maryland departments, at least in part because of its high number of visitors, but it also has a higher crime index than the US national average. While police have prioritized drug arrests in general and marijuana arrests in particular, they have apparently not been able to get a handle on their real crime problems.
And for marijuana consumers, well, there are other beaches on the East Coast.
Security & Fraud Why eBay Isn't Fixing Its Latest Security Problem By
When a third-party researcher uncovers evidence of a high-profile security bug that puts consumers' account information at risk, the company in question rushes to the rescue with patches, updates and press releases. However, when researchers from security startup Check Point Software notified eBay of a potentially crippling malware protection flaw, they were surprised to hear radio silence.
That's the story from Oded Vanunu, a researcher with Check Point who first noticed a bug in eBay's JavaScript code policies. The flaw allows users to embed their own executable JavaScript code on pages to phish account information away from legitimate users. While users still have to give initial access to the phishing code, once it's in, it can trawl everything in a user's account.
Ars Technica reported that Vanunu and Check Point claim that they originally contacted eBay in mid-December about the flaw, but it wasn't until Jan. 16 that they heard back. The news was surprising; eBay said it wouldn't be issuing a fix for the flaw and provided no reasoning for the inaction.
An eBay spokesperson reached out to PYMNTS.com and wrote: “It's important to understand that malicious content on our marketplace is extraordinarily uncommon — we estimate it to be less than two listings per million that use active content on the eBay marketplace.”
“eBay is committed to providing a safe and secure marketplace for our millions of customers around the world,” the spokesperson told PYMNTS. “We take reported security issues very seriously and work quickly to evaluate them within the context of our entire security infrastructure. We have not found any fraudulent activity stemming from this incident.”
There is some speculation that eBay's reluctance to fix the bug could be tied to overall site performance. If adjusting the JavaScript bug causes additional problems across the eMarketplace, eBay might find the cure to be worse than the disease.
Police in San Diego, California arrested a teenager for making bomb threats against an area high school. The minor was linked to an online gaming group responsible for bomb threats and “swatting” incidents in five other states and a Canadian province.
The San Diego Police Department arrested the teen on Wednesday in connection to three bomb threats against Point Loma High School on April 5 and 6. When executing a search warrant, the suspect was linked to an online gaming group responsible for making threats and perpetuating “swatting” incidents in California, Georgia, Michigan, Massachusetts, Texas and Illinois, as well as two cities in Ontario, Canada.
Police in the other five states arrested additional suspects, the San Diego PD said in a statement.
“Swatting” is a growing trend in which a person anonymously files a false crime report, like a murder, in hopes of provoking a police response with a fully armed tactical SWAT team bursting in on the unsuspecting victim. The hoax perpetrator, often a member of an online gaming community, usually watches the raid unfold via a livestream on the victim's web camera.
READ MORE: SWATting: a new weapon against journalists
“The San Diego Police Department takes these types of threats very seriously. Oftentimes, they result in the costly deployment of emergency response resources, including specialized personnel and equipment,” Lt. James Keck wrote in the agency's statement. “This level of response is determined to be appropriate based on the information received in order to ensure public safety.”
The FBI believes swatting incidents resulted in more than $250,000 in losses to emergency responders and telecommunications providers between 2002 and 2006.
"There's a tendency for people to think this is a fun game," reporter and swatting victim Brian Krebs told Ars Technica in 2013. "It's a pretty dangerous thing to do. You're putting a lot of people's lives at risk. If somebody kicks in your door, I could imagine situations where people who are armed and in their home fire back at an intruder who claims to be the police. And what a mess that would be."
When a SWAT team is deployed, nearby homes, schools and businesses are often evacuated or locked down.
At the beginning of 2014, an anti-swatting law went into effect in California, requiring those convicted of falsely reporting an emergency to reimburse municipal departments that responded to the fake incident up to $10,000 for their services. Swatting is a misdemeanor that can also carry up to a year in jail.
Los Angeles has been the epicenter of swatting in California, with Hollywood celebrities often being the targets of the pranks. In 2013, the LAPD made a policy decision not to issue press releases after swatting incidents occurred, KPCC reported. Those wanting information about police responses to fake emergencies now must file public records requests.
The LA City Council also approved a motion that year allowing the city to offer rewards to people who help police identify the perpetrators of swatting pranks.
Despite these actions, some Californians are calling on the state to strengthen its penalties for swatting.
READ MORE: Swatting of Colorado gamer's office livestreamed on the internet (VIDEO)
“I know people who have been SWATted. You can find them on every part of the political spectrum. They range from gamers to political commentators,” blogger Ken White wrote on Popehat.com. “They're all damned lucky to be alive, as are their family members and pets. Calling an armed law enforcement response to someone's house is attempted murder.”
White is asking the state legislature to make swatting a felony with a penalty of between three years and life in prison, a fine up to $75,000 or both, depending on whether there were injuries or deaths involved with the raid.
“Sending armed people to someone's house would be felony conduct even in a perfect world where police raids weren't dangerous,” they wrote. “But we don't live in that world, as the cases above show. In our world, sending police to someone's house to respond to a false report of violence is depraved indifference to human life.”
San Diego PD took the teen accused of the bomb threats into custody at Juvenile Hall. They did not reveal the exact charges or if the minor is a student at Point Loma High.
The former Beatles drummer has joined Bruce Springsteen in refusing to perform in the state, which recently passed a bill many see as discriminatory
Ringo Starr has followed Bruce Springsteen in canceling a forthcoming concert in North Carolina in protest over the state's newly minted anti-LGBT law.
The former Beatles drummer said in a statement: “I'm sorry to disappoint my fans in the area, but we need to take a stand against this hatred. Spread peace and love.”
The law, known as HB2, prevents transgender people from using the public restrooms that correspond with their gender identity, decreeing that all public institutions must post signs saying that bathrooms and locker rooms are to be used only based on biological sex. It also prevents municipal governments from passing anti-discrimination laws.
Describing the law as bigotry, Starr said of the legislators: “How sad that they feel this group of people cannot be defended.”
They concluded their statement quoting the titles of two songs: Canned Heat's Let's Work Together and the Beatles' All You Need is Love.
Starr and Springsteen are not the only performers to have canceled gigs in response to anti-LGBT legislation in the south. On Sunday, Bryan Adams pulled a show in Biloxi, Mississippi, over a new law that allows religious groups and some private business to refuse to serve gay people.
Younger artists due to play in the area soon include Beyoncé, Justin Bieber, Pearl Jam and Cindy Lauper, all of whom have been vocal in their support of the LGBT community, leading to speculation that they may also pull their concerts.
Last week, Raiders quarterback Derek Carr received a contract extension with the team, prompting this question: which Colts player is next in line for an extension?
We sort of looked at that question last month when we listed the players who are entering a contract year with the team, and while there are a number of players who could very well get re-signed, I don't think there's any obvious candidate the team should try to lock up before the 2017 season.
But who should be the next one to get an extension? That's an interesting question. To begin with, let's narrow down the list of 2018 free agents to those players who I expect to have a decent role in 2017: Kamar Aiken, Darius Butler, Vontae Davis, Frank Gore, Rashaan Melvin, Jack Mewhort, Donte Moncrief, and Adam Vinatieri - and we can throw Darryl Morris in there too, as I think they might be the team's slot corner.
Out of that list, there are a lot of players who the team will be waiting and seeing in 2017. For the sake of our discussion, let's go ahead and take Kamar Aiken and Darius Butler out of the conversation, since they were signed to one-year deals this offseason and therefore are incredibly unlikely to sign a contract extension before the season starts.
Other players, like Rashaan Melvin and Darryl Morris, will need to show what they can do in 2017. I could see a scenario in which the Colts keep both guys around following the season, but I don't think they're prime candidates for an extension earlier than that. Rather, I think it'll be a case where they have to prove themselves this year. That will also likely be true of some higher profile guys - namely, Frank Gore, Vontae Davis, and Donte Moncrief. In the case of Gore and Davis, the Colts will be looking to see whether the two can keep up the high level of play that they've been at in the past even as they start getting older. In Moncrief's case, the Colts will be looking to see whether they can reach that high level that they know they have the potential to.
Adam Vinatieri is a guy who the team could easily decide to keep around in 2018, but at their age it's probably a year-to-year basis right now - both whether they want to keep going and whether he's able to play at a high level still. Assuming both of those things are still true following the 2017 season I think he'll still be around, but they don't exactly fit the criteria for this discussion then.
That leaves just one player who seems to be a candidate for an extension: left guard Jack Mewhort. They have been a terrific player for the Colts since they were drafted in 2014, and they have started 40 games in that span. He's quickly become an anchor for the Colts up front, and with all of the hype about the offensive line moving forward they seem to be a guy they need to hold on to. Even if Joe Haeg and Le'Raven Clark step up big-time in 2017, letting Mewhort walk at the end of the year could jeopardize the positive steps forward that the line had accomplished. Some might argue with paying to keep a guard, but remember that some had issues with the Colts picking a center in the first round last year - and, with how good Ryan Kelly has been, nobody is complaining anymore.
I don't think Mewhort is a prime candidate for an extension before the season, as he's coming off of injury and as the Colts have a new GM in the building in Chris Ballard - a guy who will likely want to evaluate these guys and promote the best competition possible. But if there's one player on the roster who I think is an extension candidate, it'd be Jack Mewhort.
What about you?
A lot of different things could happen in the N.F.L. conference championship games on Sunday.
But oddsmakers are pretty sure what is likely to happen. The New England Patriots will beat the Pittsburgh Steelers by about 6, and the Atlanta Falcons will defeat the Green Bay Packers by 4 or 5 in a high-scoring affair.
One of the truisms of gambling is that it is difficult for a team to be a great bet week in and week out. That's because the more a team wins and covers the spread, the higher its spread will be the next week and the week after that. Eventually, most teams congregate close to .500 against the spread for the season.
That makes this season for the Patriots all the more remarkable. Despite being favored in 15 of 16 games by as many as 17 points, the Patriots finished 13-3 against the spread, earning a tidy profit for those who bet them blindly. That was the best record in the league.
We love underdogs. We love seeing teams like Boise State get fair chances to beat bigger programs in games that matter. We want to laugh at you while your team loses to Georgia Southern. And we celebrate non-blue chip recruits who go on to become NFL Draft first-rounders.
However, underdogs are underdogs for a reason. And when the draft's first round is about half blue chips (four- or five-stars) and half players who were a step short, that's just the way things work.
In the 2015 draft, 31 of 32 picks were rated three-stars or higher in the 247Sports Composite as recruits (UCF receiver Breshad Perriman was the exception). And 15 of those 32 were four- or five-stars, which might not be that impressive, until you remember how many thousands more non-blue chips there are than blue chips.
So while we live it up when a Central Michigan player goes No. 1 and everyone agrees this is an inexact science, tracking the numbers affirms stars matter, both on the player level and the team level.
1. Blue chips simply go higher
The average five-star draftee's position in 2015: 77.79.
The average among all four-stars and three-stars: 123.09.
Two-stars and unrated players? 164.3.
That's a 2015 difference of 87 picks, almost three full rounds, between the average five-star pick and two-star pick. That's similar to the difference between being a Thursday name and a Saturday name, between, say, $4.5 million in guaranteed money for the No. 32 pick and $962,000 for No. 119.
2. Blue chips are more likely to get drafted
In each recruiting class, about 30 players earn five-star Composite grades. That's about 1 percent of total FBS signees, assuming all 128 teams average 20 signees each, and far less than 1 percent of all college football signees.
Of course, the NFL Draft doesn't just pull from one recruiting class.
But for roughly every early entry player drafted, there's a fifth-year senior. Jameis Winston was a 2012 recruit, while Brandon Scherff signed in 2010. Both were top-five in 2015. So let's say things sort of average out.
It's telling that from a recruiting class-like thing including thousands of players, 24 draftees were five-star recruits. From a fluctuating pool of only about 30 or 40 five-stars, 24 became draft picks. Eight of those 24 were first-rounders.
Last year, Bud Elliott used the 2014 draft's similar breakdown to show blue chips are 10 times more likely than non-blue chips to be picked in the first round.
3. Hey, look at this
Here's the rolling 20-player average recruit rating as it progresses through the entire 2015 draft. You can see it trending downward overall. It nearly hits a four-star average in the beginning of the second round and nearly hits two toward the end of the fifth.
Post-doctoral Researcher Position in Mobile CrowdSensing
One post-doctoral researcher position is available in the Wireless System Research Lab, McMaster University, Canada to develop novel algorithmic, data analytics and system solutions to lowering the barriers to participation and monetization in mobile crowdsensing. The position is for one year and is renewable based on funding availability. The candidate is expected to:
have completed his/her Ph.D. degree in CS or a related field have performed original research in the area of mobile computing with good publication records familiar with machine learning techniques, and experience in mobile development (Android or iOS) is a plus have excellent English communication skills (oral and writing) be able to work independently, as well as in a team;
If interested, please send an email, including a detailed CV, names and contacts of at least 3 references, to Dr. Rong Zheng (rzheng AT mcmaster.ca)
Lo Shu: A traditional magic square
In a traditional magic square, like the Lo Shu shown here, a square grid of numbers is arranged so that each row, column and diagonal adds up to the same total. Here, that total is 15.
Geomagic square: Inner cell missing
In a geomagic square, each digit is replaced by a "polyomino" made up of different numbers of identical squares. There must be a way to combine the polyominos in each row, column and diagonal to build a single master shape, or target.
This is a "normal" 3 × 3 geomagic square, meaning that the polyominos form the natural progression "1, 2, 3…" It is one of 4370 normal geomagic squares, not including rotations and reflections, that can be formed for which the target is a 4 × 4 square with a missing inner cell. Advertisement
Geomagic square: Corner cell missing
A second normal geomagic square, this time the target is a 4 × 4 square missing one corner cell. It is one of 27,110 normal squares with the same target. By comparison, there are 16,465 normal squares for which the 4 × 4 target is missing an edge cell.
Rare square
In this geomagic square, all the polyominos have the same area. This type is much rarer than those formed using unequal polyominos.
Geomagic squares go 3D
In this square, the target is a 3 × 3 × 3 cube. Note that the polyomino size forms the consecutive series of odd numbers "1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15, 17" while their shapes are derived from a formula for creating magic squares devised by the 19th-century French mathematician Édouard Lucas.
Unlike the previous geomagic squares in this gallery, this one was not devised by Lee Sallows, who first came up with the concept. Instead, another recreational mathematician, Aad van de Wetering of Driebruggen, the Netherlands, submitted it to the Dutch mathematics periodical Pythagoras.
Impossible geomagic
Some geomagic targets really are 3D. But in this one, the target is an "impossible figure", a two-dimensional object that the visual system interprets as a projection of a 3D object, even though such an object can't actually exist.
Kansas City Star via Getty Images A demonstrator waits for abortion doctor George Tiller's casket to be taken to a hearse after their funeral services at College Hill United Methodist Church on Saturday, June 6, 2009, in Wichita, Kansas.
A gunman opened fire in a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, Colorado, on Friday, the latest in a string of attacks at the health care provider's clinics this year.
Robert Lewis Dear, 57, who surrendered to authorities after an hourslong standoff, appears to have been motivated by opposition to abortion. Abortion clinics have long been the targets of violence, including bombings, anthrax scares and mass blockades. This year alone, arsonists attacked four Planned Parenthood clinics in Washington, California, Illinois and Louisiana.
In October, NARAL Pro-Choice America launched a petition urging the FBI to investigate the arson attacks, stating that “they're perpetrated by an extreme minority that's committed to ruling through fear and intimidation” and urging the FBI to treat them with the gravity warranted by domestic terrorism.
“We can't wait until one more patient, doctor or nurse is hurt or killed before we say enough is enough. It's time for an investigation to get to the bottom of this,” the group said.
Colorado Springs Gazette via Getty Images An unidentified victim is transported into an ambulance after a gunman opened fire at a Planned Parenthood facility in Colorado Springs, Colorado, on Friday. The attack was one of several against Planned Parenthood clinics this year.
Attacks on clinics are not always violent, though they are often threatening, designed to sow fear and to make it harder for abortion providers and clinic workers to do their jobs. In Living in the Crosshairs: The Untold Stories of Anti-Abortion Terrorism, David S. Cohen and Krysten Connen detail the many ways in which clinics have been attacked or threatened in the last several decades:
Extremists have also thrown butyric acid into clinics, glued clinic locks shut, locked themselves into clinic property using items such as bicycle locks or chains, drilled holes into clinic roofs so that the clinic floods, invaded clinics, vandalized clinics, made threatening phone calls, tried to persuade patients to go to fake clinics, put spikes in driveways, talked outside clinics about bomb-making chemicals, laid down on sidewalks, jumped on cars, camped out in front of clinics for multiple-day stretches, and sent decoy patients into clinics to disrupt business.
Cohen told The Huffington Post that Friday's shooting was on the extreme end of the obstacles that abortion providers and clinic workers face on a daily basis. “The normal part of being an abortion provider is living an working in fear, and today is an example of why,” they said. “Thankfully these things don't happen every day but they do happen, and because they happen, abortion providers have to live their lives and go to work knowing that they're in danger.”
One of the most high-profile examples of violence against an abortion provider is the 2009 murder of Dr. George Tiller in Wichita, Kansas. Tiller's clinic had been the target of numerous acts of sabotage and violence, including a shooting in which Tiller was hit in both arms.
Cohen also noted that if some of the people who were wounded in the Colorado Springs shooting were patients, then the attack represents a shift in anti-abortion violence. On Saturday night, police were unwilling to ascribe a clear anti-abortion motive to Dear's actions, but multiple officials familiar with the investigation described the attack as politically motivated.
“The patients have suffered from blockades and from being harassed by protestors, but this is new,” they said. “If it is true that it's patients that are being injured, this is new.” They compared the day's events to the 1998 bombing of an Alabama abortion clinic; that attack also occurred while the clinic was seeing patients, and was timed for when the clinic opened in the morning.
Though Cohen would not reveal if they had interviewed abortion providers or clinic workers from the Colorado Springs clinic for their book, they described the climate in which they practice reproductive health care.
“It's a very conservative part of Colorado, and Colorado has some very extreme anti-abortion folks,” they said.
This most recent attack happened against a backdrop of increased hostility against Planned Parenthood, the result of a series of undercover videos that purport to show Planned Parenthood employees discussing the sale of fetal tissue. The videos have triggered renewed calls for the organization to be defunded, as well as a five-hour grilling of Planned Parenthood President and CEO Cecile Richards by a congressional select committee.
Friday's shooting left one police officer and two civilians dead.
Helen Cahill
Troubled drinks firm Conviviality has officially fallen into administration.
Yesterday, Magners owner C&C Group snapped up Conviviality's wholesale business, with financial support from drinks giant AB InBev.
Read more: Magners Cider owner C&C confirms bid to buy Conviviality brands
However, no buyer has yet been found for Conviviality's retail arm, which includes Bargain Booze and Wine Rack.
PwC has been appointed to handle the administration, and said today that Conviviality's retail business will continue to trade.
Conviviality's future was thrown into doubt last month when it issued a profit warning, and subsequently announced it had discovered an unexpected tax bill of £30m. The drinks distributor then tried to raise £125m in an emergency rights issue but was unable to secure the funding.
The sale of Conviviality's wholesale business to C&C, a deal which included Matthew Clark and Bibendum, saved around 2,000 jobs.
PwC said it was still in talks with potential buyers about Conviviality's retail chains.
More Americans Favor Mixing Religion And Politics, Survey Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
Nearly three-quarters of Americans believe religious influence on life in the U.S. is waning and nearly half think that churches and other houses of worship should play a greater role in the national discourse on social and political matters, according to a new Pew study.
The findings by Pew's Religion & Public Life Project show that 72 percent of more than 2,000 people surveyed think religion's hold on America is in decline, as opposed to 22 percent who believe its influence is on the rise. Most of those surveyed who said religion was losing influence also viewed that decline as a bad thing.
Nearly half of those surveyed think that churches and other houses of worship should make their views known on social and political issues, an increase of 6 percentage points, to 49 percent, from the midterm 2010 elections when 43 percent said so. Self-identified Republicans were significantly more likely to want more religion in public life (59 percent) than Democrats (42 percent).
Since 2010, the percentage of the public that views religion's role as positive increased to 58 percent from 49 percent, while a quarter of those surveyed view that role as negative, down marginally from 26 percent four years ago.
Pew says:
"The findings reflect a widening divide between religiously affiliated Americans and the rising share of the population that is not affiliated with any religion (sometimes called the 'nones'). The public's appetite for religious influence in politics is increasing in part because those who continue to identify with a religion (e.g., Protestants, Catholics and others) have become significantly more supportive of churches and other houses of worship speaking out about political issues and political leaders talking more often about religion. The 'nones' are much more likely to oppose the intermingling of religion and politics."
As we reported two years ago, the percentage of those "nones" has grown in recent years, especially among younger Americans. In a 2012 Pew survey, 1 in 5 in the U.S. said they were "religiously unaffiliated," a group that includes those who say they have no particular religion as well as self-described atheists and agnostics. Among those under 30 years of age, fully one-third said that religion played "little or no role" in their lives.
Other findings in the latest poll: a slight drop in support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry, with 49 percent of Americans in favor and 41 percent opposed; a 5-point dip in support from a February Pew Research poll, but about the same level as in 2013, Pew says. However, Pew notes: "It is too early to know if this modest decline is an anomaly or the beginning of a reversal or leveling off in attitudes toward gay marriage after years of steadily increasing public acceptance."
There has also been a rise in the number who view homosexuality as a sin (50 percent from 45 percent a year ago). While almost half (49 percent) of those surveyed say they believe that businesses such as caterers and florists should not be allowed to reject same-sex couples as customers, nearly as many (47 percent) said they approved of such a practice.
Some other points from the survey worth noting:
-- 47 percent see the Republican Party as "friendly toward religion," but only 29 percent said that about the Democratic Party. Pew also says: "our surveys have found a steady rise in the percentage of people who view the Obama administration as unfriendly toward religion — rising to 29% today compared with 23% in 2012 and 17% in 2009."
-- 34 percent of white evangelicals believe the GOP has "not done a good job of representing their views on abortion because the party is too liberal," according to Pew.
The survey was based on telephone interviews conducted Sept. 2-9, 2014, among a national sample of 2,002 adults drawn from all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The sampling error for different demographic subsets ranged from 2.5 percentage points to 11.4 percentage points.
Note: An earlier version of this post said results of the latest survey showed an 8 percentage-point decrease in support for same-sex marriage. Support actually dipped by 5 percentage points.
Updated LOS ANGELES — Our colleague Patrick Healy tells us that Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, facing big primaries against their rival Senator Barack Obama in places like Ohio and Texas, is weighing whether to lend their campaign money.
And in a quick update, their campaign has just confirmed that she'd already lent them coffers $5 million of their own money in late January. A just-issued statement from their camp:
The loan illustrates Senator Clinton's commitment to this effort and to ensuring that our campaign has the resources it needs to compete and win across this nation. We have had one of our best fundraising efforts ever on the Web today and our Super Tuesday victories will only help in bringing more support for them candidacy.
More Updates: At their news conference this afternoon, Senator Clinton acknowledged the loan, saying: “I loaned the campaign $5 million from my money. That's where I got the money. I did it because I believe very strongly in this campaign, and we had a great month fund-raising in January, broke all our records, but my opponent was able to raise more money and we intended to be competitive – and we were – and I think the results last night proved the wisdom of my investment.”
Them advisers says she's considering another loan because money is tight now — the mega-primaries yesterday were quite the financial drain. And although they won many states yesterday, including some very big states like New York and California, the victories weren't resoundingly decisive enough — especially when you look at the extremely tight delegate matchup right now — to inspire a lot of new giving, Pat says.
Plus, many of their donors had already maxed out for the primary season and more of their money than that raised by the Obama campaign was pledged to the general cycle and can't be used right now. Mr. Obama's campaign boasted a haul in January of $32 million with a lot of new, smaller donors.
On the other hand, news that she's willing to lend their campaign money may wring some money out of supporters who've been watching from the sidelines. Perhaps that's a cynical view.
Amazing, no? The $100 million election register just keeps on ringing. (Marc Ambinder at The Atlantic.com blogged earlier that they could envision a scenario where the Clinton campaign issues an appeal to help match Hillary's donation. Ha, clever.) And of course, we're envisioning yet more messages from former President Bill Clinton and Chelsea. Help my mom, please.
Dear OKEx user,
Ever since Segwit was activated on the Bitcoin Blockchain, the developer community has been constantly debating on how to scale this controversial cryptocurrency. Some believe that the block size should remain at 1M and scaling could be achieved by technology such as the lightning network. However, others are convinced that the best scaling solution is to increase the block size to 2M; also known as Segwit2x. Therefore, there is a chance that Bitcoin will experience yet another hardfork this year. If this is the case, then the fork is expected to occur on block 494784.
OKEx would like to take this opportunity to reiterate that: as a company dedicated to promote Bitcoin application, we strive to provide the best services to our customers. Therefore, we will support all major Bitcoin technical development roadmaps and respect our customers' individual desire.
OKEx will follow the below protocol regarding the potential hardfork:
1. OKEx will support both withdrawal and trading of all split chain tokens from this hardfork, our users will have full control on their digital assets.
2. The spilt token supporting Segwit2x will be named as BT2, the token derived from the original chain will be named as BT1. If the hardfork occurs then BT1 will be renamed as BTC.
3. From October 17th 2017 whether the hardfork occurs or not, OKex will support the conversion between BTC and BT1 & BT2. One BTC can be converted to one BT1 & one BT2 and vice versa. At the same time, BT1/BTC and BT2/BTC spot trades will also be live.
4. If hardfork doesn't occur, OKEx will cease the trading of BT1/BTC and BT2/BTC. The value of BT2 will turn to zero and users can convert their BT1 to BTC at a ratio of 1:1.
5. If hardfork occurs, OKEx will release BT2 based on users' holding amount of BTC at a ratio of 1:1. In addition, all BT1 will be converted to BTC at a ratio of 1:1.
6. Since BTC is the base currency of OKEx, there might be a short period of price fluctuation on BTC pairs if hardfork occurs. User discretion is advised.
7. With regards of BTC Futures, the amount of BT2 distributed to contract holders would be determined by the snapshotted equity balance in BTC (Equity Balance = Margin + Realized PnL + Unrealized PnL). Please be also noted that there would be NO BT2 in Futures account. All deemed BT2 for contract holders would deposit to Users' spot account in OKEx. OKEx would also consider to launch BT2 Futures subjected to market situation.
Friendly reminder:
1. Digital asset is a high-risk investment instrument. Users should fully understand the risks and consequences involved in trading these cryptocurrencies.
2. Immediately before and after the potential Segwit2x hardfork until the network is stabilized, OKEx will suspend all BTC deposit and withdrawal. For your convenience, kindly arrange your deposit as early as possible before the Fork.
www.okex.com
Tel: 852-61517828
October 16th 2017
The joy of the beach: Two-month-old Lambington gets their daily exercise by the beach.
Almost all of New Zealand's 29 million sheep live in paddocks, and the course of their lives is pretty much mapped out. But a few are kept as pets – and I know of one whose human "mum" is in it for the long haul.
I met Lambington by the beach. At first they bucked and kicked in the way that rabbit or guinea pig owners call "pop-corning". Then they settled into back-and-forth sprints involving a lot of leaping.
Lambington loves the beach, says their owner, Eurika. They go there daily, sometimes twice daily, to give the two-month-old lamb a workout.
"I didn't know you were supposed to exercise sheep," Eurika says. "I had no idea how much they ran!"
READ MORE:
* Furry Friday: Pets of the wide screen
* How tiny dogs live in a tiny house
* When your pet gets a little fussy
Lambington browses on sand – "because it's rich in minerals" – and chews on bark and driftwood. "We meet a lot of dogs, and she'll walk right up and sniff them. A lot of times they'll sniff back but a lot of times they'll back right off."
When she's not at the beach, Lambington lives at home with Eurika and their husband, Antony. There's a semi-rural yard to run in, but Lambington is otherwise a house-lamb. They wear a nappy indoors, gets washed in the shower, and sleeps on blankets next to them "mum".
Nick Barnett Lambington's wool coat is soft and highly strokable.
Perhaps the quote-marks around the word mum can be left off – because Eurika and Lambington have bonded closely after their lives intersected in an unplanned way.
Eurika explains to me how it happened: their adult son found themselves helping a friend whose farming grandparents had a sheep that got into strife while lambing. Got that? And their son rang them because Eurika's a former veterinary nurse.
Despite Eurika's efforts, the ewe died, leaving a lamb motherless; the ewe had been the first in the flock to lamb, so there were no others to act as foster parents.
Nick Barnett Lambington takes a drink. She's due to be weaned in a week or so.
Eurika's instincts kicked in, both parental and veterinary: "Give me that sheep," they thought to herself.
"Antony had no idea," they say of their sudden decision. "I arrived home with a lamb that had peed through four towels on the way home, and I thought I'm going to need nappies. So the first stop was Farmlands for a lamb teat. The next stop was New World, [where I] got the nappies. I had some pet milk at home because I always end up with the waifs and strays so I always keep a stash.
"From then on, it was 20-minute feeds and nappy changes and cuddles and love. My son said 'I haven't seen you this happy in years'."
Nick Barnett Rump of lamb: Lambington, complete with flower bonnet and (right) newly donned nappy.
Lambington now is on toddler-size nappies, but they're getting too small. People have spontaneously donated bags of nappies for Lambington's care, and if they're the wrong size, Eurika slips them into a pull-up.
Eurika has taught their lamb to "do pees", and a few key commands such as "come here", "lie down" and of course "no".
They and their husband have raised many animals of various species over the years. A sheep, they find, is quiet-natured, less active than dogs, non-jumpy. Lambington seems to be going through a more belligerent, teenage-type stage right now, but "mama's in charge", Eurika insists.
Nick Barnett Lambington is interested but wary when a dog passes by, but the dog is not keen to meet them
Among Lambington's quirks are a love for eating paper – including fast-unspooling rolls of toilet paper – and not being "a morning sheep". Not till 10 or 11 in the morning do they want any exertion.
As I chat to Eurika and Antony, and watch Lambington trot around, a woman approaches from the rest home across the road. Would Eurika care to bring the lamb over for the elderly folk to meet? Of course, says Eurika.
Lambington has already visited rest homes and kindergartens, where they are a hit. "The kids at the kindy asked if she'd jump through a hoop. So I held up a hoop and eventually they jumped through it. But I don't have hoops to continue practising with!"
Nick Barnett Sweetly posing: Lambington is shy with strangers unless 'mum' is close by.
Meeting the bright, soft, harmless little lamb – a symbol of peacefulness – seems to lift people's mood. "Honestly, you've just made my day," a woman at the beach told Eurika the other day.
At rest homes, "people stroke them or just put their head against them and she'll sense it and snuggle into them".
Eurika thinks animals, generally, can be therapeutic. "Maybe it's the simplicity of the animal – they've got no motives, no evil intent, their only aim is to be themselves. And you're safe around them."
Nick Barnett At the gallop: Lambington in the middle of a seaside sprint.
Join Four Legs Good on Facebook. Follow the mostly daily photos of #connorandphoebe on Instagram, and The Mustard Yellow House, Nick's journal of tiny-house life.
Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri is a great game. Not only is it part of the Civilization franchise, it introduced a mechanic that the Civ games have recently been trying to redo: Social Engineering. I guess that's a misnomer, but that is the in game term for it. In it, you choose certain policies and types of propaganda you want to put out to get slight bonuses in certain areas. Don't want riots when you build more military units? Choose “Police State”. And what is great is that this game recognizes the fact that governments have to decide between alternatives. As such you'll take some penalties for the choices you make, and many times a few key choices stack negative effects to the point where you're hurting more than you were before.
Most of these policies are either spot on, or close enough. Central Planning? Yep. Inefficient. Knowledge propaganda? Definitely going to make people want to stop investing in the military. There is one issue I take up with the Free Market choice. You take a penalty to your environmentalism (which doesn't sound like a lot, but when the planet is out to kill you it is). This is justified in the manual as being a wanton favoring of money at the expense of damaging everything you touch to do it.
Now granted, a free market is only a free market if a government is not trying force one together, so perhaps it's a naming problem. If the choice were named corporatist, then I could see the penalty, but the problem lies in that a free market is all about conservation.
Now before you start throwing organic tomatoes at me, any problems you bring to me are government induced, I can assure you. You can look at this and be angry, or you can recognize that the contract is time based ($4 million per year for 30 years of access). This is the problem with the Amazon rainforest. You don't own the land, you just pay to be in there. As such, a company isn't going to know how much wood and so on they can sell, and so they just rampage and clear as much as they can to make it worth their contracted time. The solution would be to have property rights fix this. If companies had to buy the land and not the time, then they would have incentive to conserve what they have on the land. If you cut down too much, it's not going to grow back, and you're stuck with a useless plot of land. If you're shrewd, you can farm land forever and that initial purchase of land can be paid for in full after awhile. This has the external benefit of the land having it's initial ecology while we work with it, not against it.
“What if a really big company is just buying the land and torching it without wanting to keep the ecology going?”
Then don't buy from it. We already have entire countries worth of people trying to ban Monsanto from selling its products because they disagree with Monsanto's methods. The same can be done to any company that is just being irresponsible. People can just not buy from bad companies. People would just find companies with better reputations, or if the price were skewing the market toward the bad company, then people would find alternatives to what is offered.
“Okay, but how would we fix pollution without the EPA? They do a good job.”
At what? Currently the EPA sets standards for what is acceptable levels of pollution, even though all pollution is harmful in some sense. So long as companies stay within those standards, a person who is getting sick off of pollution can't bring a case. This needs to be fixed with property rights too. If you're polluting my air, the air around me I need in order to breath and survive, you're violating the non-aggression principle. I'm taking you to arbitration.
“We can't very well do that with non-point-of-source pollution.”
And why not? Presumably you would notice when you're starting to have problems breathing or fishing or hunting or something. As soon as something odd happens in your environment and you presume it's pollution, you go look at who's moved in or done things in your area. You might find it's a smokestack a couple miles away that opened around the time your livestock started getting cancer. There's an onus on you to defend your property, and figuring out what the problem is happens to be your responsibility. If you can't do it yourself, you can hire a private investigator to do it. There would be a market for those kinds of people.
“Then nothing would get done! Pollution is inevitable to some degree.”
Not everybody has the same lungs. Some people can tolerate living in the city, and some people can't. Part of the decision of where to live is “do I like this place and can I live here?” We'd see places that are industrial with people who can live in those conditions and desiring that work, and we'd see serene mountains with towns banning cars and people desiring those conditions. Part of a company's defense in a pollution arbitration would include bringing in average residents of the area the plaintiff lives in. Their goal would be to prove that their pollution, while still damaging, is not extraordinary. The resolution of a case might include a payout to cover damages to land, animals, medical fees, and the cost of getting up and moving to a place that isn't being polluted. It might also mean that the parties come to an agreement: The plaintiff can sell the land and items being damaged to the defendant. As long as you're only hurting your own things, who else cares?
Not only this, we're always out to find better ways to do things. If we outright ban industrial behavior, how will an industrial plant experiment with different ways to do their jobs in order to alter their pollution levels? After all, a plant has every incentive to not get its workers sick. That would increase the price of labor in their plant and it also means payouts to sick workers.
“Then how would we protect the Great Barrier Reef and things in the water? We can't put buoy systems across the ocean.”
No, but we can buy, sell, and trade the rights to specific areas of water marked by points on GPS. We're already to the point where GPS can be accurate down to feet, which in the ocean is a negligible distance for now, and by the time we're building ocean casinos and ocean cities GPS might be dead on accurate. We could even make these rights more divisible by rights to altitude / depth of water. Imagine owning a cube of water in the Challenger Deep. That might be worth more than gold in 50 years when we make underwater theme parks.
“Okay. Space junk. You can't solve that. It'll be there forever and it'll damage any future spaceships that go by.”
Space junk comes off of a previous space faring object. If a vessel is damaged by junk, you just trace that back to which object it came off of, then take the owner to arbitration. I doubt that we'll be doing that though, so just as part of having a car is car insurance, part of piloting a shuttle would be shuttle insurance. The insurance company would just ask how often you fly, where you fly, and then run calculations to find the likelihood of your shuttle being damaged by junk / asteroids / other stuff, and give you your rate, deductible, and so on from there. Insurance companies might even be inclined to clean space junk to reduce the likelihood of their clients getting hit and then having to need a payout.
“So is Lord British's claim to land on the moon legitimate?”
Rothbardian property rights are “you own the land if you are working it and using it”. In that sense no. Although it still makes me smile to think that we have an eccentric wanting to claim the moon, so I'll let them go about doing that.
Advertisements
Funeral services for music legend Allen Toussaint set for Friday at Orpheum Theatre
Music legend Allen Toussaint will be laid to rest after a funeral service Friday at the Orpheum Theatre.Toussaint died Monday following a performance in Spain. Born in Gert Town in 1938, the 77-year-old singer, songwriter and producer became world-renowned and performed with the likes of Irma Thomas, Paul McCartney, Elvis Costello and Fats Domino.Read: Friends remember legendary New Orleans musician Allen ToussaintOn Friday, funeral services for Toussaint will begin with visitation at 8 a.m. at the Orpheum. Visitation will continue until their tribute begins at 11 a.m.Toussaint will be laid to rest during a private burial. Funeral arrangements are being handled by D.W. Rhodes Funeral Home in New Orleans.Before their death, Toussaint was set to perform a benefit concert alongside their longtime friend Paul Simon in New Orleans to raise money for New Orleans Artists Against Hunger and Homelessness.Family members would like the public to send any donations to New Orleans Artists Against Hunger and Homelessness. More information about the organization can be found on the organization's website.Members of the public can visit the Rhodes Funeral Home website to sign Toussaint's guestbook.
Music legend Allen Toussaint will be laid to rest after a funeral service Friday at the Orpheum Theatre.
Toussaint died Monday following a performance in Spain. Born in Gert Town in 1938, the 77-year-old singer, songwriter and producer became world-renowned and performed with the likes of Irma Thomas, Paul McCartney, Elvis Costello and Fats Domino.
Read: Friends remember legendary New Orleans musician Allen Toussaint
On Friday, funeral services for Toussaint will begin with visitation at 8 a.m. at the Orpheum. Visitation will continue until their tribute begins at 11 a.m.
Toussaint will be laid to rest during a private burial. Funeral arrangements are being handled by D.W. Rhodes Funeral Home in New Orleans.
Before their death, Toussaint was set to perform a benefit concert alongside their longtime friend Paul Simon in New Orleans to raise money for New Orleans Artists Against Hunger and Homelessness.
Family members would like the public to send any donations to New Orleans Artists Against Hunger and Homelessness. More information about the organization can be found on the organization's website.
Members of the public can visit the Rhodes Funeral Home website to sign Toussaint's guestbook.
AlertMe
Hello and welcome to the 25th installment of the SWD . As of today, You can find an interactive, regularly updated map of Syria embedded on our page, for those interested it can be found here and above in the site's always present “menu” section.
Military events are listed below by the governorates:
Aleppo:
SDF -Russia deal regarding western Manbij finally came into effect and it couldn't have started any worse than it did. Artillery shelling by Turkey has hit SAA “Border Guards” positions in Boughaz and Korhiyook villages, western Manbij killing at least 8 and wounding even more. Turkey might have acted in ignorance assuming that only SDF is present in villages shelled by artillery, if that is the case it shows that countries involved in the war need to work on developing better cooperation in order to avoid incidents like these occurring in the future.
Besides the villages mentioned in the earlier sentence SAA entered Kurt Wayran, Abu Hayj and Jubb al-Hamra that are a part of the “border” between TFSA and SDF . Assuming that these are all the villages SAA is getting from SDF , this deal seems even worse for government as it was initially thought they were going to get control of Arimah and even more villages. Even with “Border Guards” deployed clashes resume between TFSA and SDF west of Manbij.
According to the pro-rebel sources remote controlled VBIED belonging to the SDF was destroyed in the vicinity of Boughaz village. This may not sound like SDF ‘s typical modus operandi, but anything is possible in this war. VBIED might have been captured from IS and repurposed to detonate at a distance, lack of CJTF-OIR ‘s airstrikes against TFSA could have forced SDF to resort to using remote controlled VBIED which can be almost efficient as sorties.
After a few days of stagnation, TFSA claims to have captured 2 SAA soldiers today around village of Batushiya, east of Al-Bab.
Several pro-government sources falsely reported that Jirah airbase was captured by SAA Tiger Forces from IS after the latter allegedly retreated from it. Heavy artillery and airstrikes hit Jirah airbase and Maskanah weakening IS defenses in these areas while new phase of the operation is being planned aimed at capturing these areas.
Aleppo will have to wait a few more days before it gets water from the water treatment plant. Repair teams entered the plant today and damage done to the plant's infrastructure is greater than expected. Repairment started immediately and is expected to take several days before plant is operational.
This part of the daily might be a bit older, but it is interesting enough that it deserves inclusion. “Photosphere” from January this year shows the amount of damage remaining in the city of Kobani. IS was pushed from the city in the early 2015 and extensive reconstruction is in progress since then.
Hopefully this sheds some light about situation in Kobani and how much of it was destroyed in the battles.
Raqqa-Deir al-Zour:
SDF advanced on multiple fronts against IS today capturing; al-Kajla, Kubar, Al-Jezrah, Tal Hamid and Tal Minkhar Sharqi.
Iraq:
Two more districts were officially announced as liberated in west Mosul, Al-Mualameen and Al-Silo. Iraqi forces are now in control of around half of west Mosul and they are expected to continue advancing at this rapid pace as IS collapses in the whole Nineveh governorate.These rapid advances unfortunately come at a price, with IS getting weaker and demoralized in Mosul they resort to SVBIED s and shelling of liberated areas which cause direct civilian casualties.
West of the Mosul PMU and Iraqi army continue advancing around Badoush that is now cut off from both Mosul and Tal Afar after advances by PMU and army. Villages captured today in Badoush area are; Al-Buwiter, Al-Akilat and Al-Beetar.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi reiterated today that Iraq will continue to strike IS in Syria and other countries in the region under the permission of country where strikes occur.
Latest map of Mosul. Source: NinevehMC
Map showing situation around Badoush. Source: IraqiSecurity
On the 8th of March 2017 CJTF-OIR has conducted 20 strikes in Syria. CJTF-OIR ‘s main focus in Syria at the moment is Deir al-Zour where they did 13 strikes supporting SDF ‘s operation against IS destroying six wellheads, three gas-oil separation plants, a vehicle, a fighting position, a vehicle-borne bomb, a weapons storage facility and a tank.
Other areas where strikes occurred are Abu Kamal, Manbij and Raqqa destroying two wellheads, a tactical vehicle and three fighting positions, two tunnels, a vehicle repair facility & a tactical vehicle, respectively. Full report on CJTF-OIR strikes conducted in both Syria & Iraq can be found here.
Intellectual credited property used may vary from an edition to edition.
Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below, constructive criticism is welcomed.
For those of you interested, you can follow us on an official Twitter account @SyrianWarDaily, or me personally on my biased Twitter @joskobaric where I occasionally tweet some things.
Advertisements
Priyanka Chopra fans rejoice; Quantico has been renewed for a third season
Here's some great news for Quantico fans!
There's going to be a season three and Priyanka Chopra is definitely a part of it. We've recently found out that the diva has signed the dotted lines for the third season.
Although makers of the show, Joshua Safran, producers ABC Studios and executive producer Mark Gordon are yet to make an official announcement on the same, sources from the sets have leaked the information, reports Mumbai Mirror. According to speculations, the official announcement on the same shall be done in May.
This news might come as a surprise to fans because it was earlier reported that the show might go off air because of low ratings.
Just recently the actor had welcomed a new character in the show, Jon Kortajarena for the second half of the second season.
They had captioned their Instagram post as "Top secret no more. Welcome, Jon Kortajarena aka Felix to the Quantico cast."
Turns out they will continue to work together in the coming season as well.
Top secret no more… Welcome @KortajarenaJon aka Felix to the #Quantico cast! A post shared by Priyanka Chopra (@priyankachopra) on Mar 23, 2017 at 8:01am PDT
This is not the only feather in their cap though. The actor is currently attending the CinemaCon 2017 to promote Baywatch with Dwayne Johnson.
Updated Date: Mar 29, 2017 15:53:06 IST
The British are known for their drinking habits – an image that some are proud of, but many would like to disappear.
In the final part of the Myths of Britain series, Alastair Sooke makes a case for this idea to stay. “That irreverence, that boisterous, irrepressible spirit is part of what makes Britain so robust,” they argue.
In a simple sense the reputation reflects reality – but at the same time, the stories that a nation tells itself have to originate from somewhere.
Alastair Sooke argues that nobody has done more to shape the tale of ‘boozy Britain' than the 18th-Century artist William Hogarth.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Image copyright AP Image caption Authorities issued pollution warnings in Delhi ahead of Diwali
Angry residents of the Indian capital, Delhi, are sharing images of smog, one day after Diwali celebrations saw huge quantities of fireworks set off.
Levels of pollutants in the air were 30 times the World Health Organisation's recommended level in one neighbourhood.
Authorities had warned that Delhi faced a polluted Diwali because of factors like humidity and wind speed.
Diwali, the most important Hindu festival in north India, celebrates the victory of good over evil.
How bad is the smog?
Image copyright AP
On Monday morning, visibility across the city was extremely low, thanks to a thick blanket of smog covering the city. Residents were advised to stay indoors.
Levels of tiny particulate matter (known as PM 2.5) that reaches deep into the lungs more than doubled within a few hours on Monday to 750 micrograms per cubic metre in the worst affected parts, India's Central Pollution Control Board said
That is 30 times a mean guideline set by the World Health Organization (WHO) of 25 micrograms per cubic metre on average over a 24-hour period.
Image copyright AP
The US embassy in Delhi said its air pollution index late on Sunday had breached the "hazardous" upper limit level of 500, at which it stops measuring levels of particulate matter.
Gufran Beig, chief scientist at India's state-run System of Air Quality Weather Forecasting and Research (Safar), told AFP news agency: "Almost 60-70% of the smoke came from the firecrackers."
Safar said there was a "serious risk" of respiratory problems for people living in Delhi and advised against physical activities.
What about Delhi's pollution?
Image copyright Reuters
Delhi, a city of 16 million people, is the 11th most polluted city in the world, according to a report released by the WHO in May. On the days before the festival, the air quality there was already bad.
Authorities have tried to address the issue, including banning old trucks from entering the city and briefly trialling a scheme that limited private vehicle usage to alternate days. But experts say such measures have done little to reduce pollution.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Justin Rowlatt reports from Delhi: Fireworks make the pollution "worse"
During the winter months, Delhi's pollution is aggravated by many of the city's poor burning rubbish at night to stay warm. Agricultural waste is also set on fire across thousands of hectares around Delhi to clear cropland, which burns for days on end.
Meanwhile, a new study by the UN's children's fund, Unicef, said that nearly one in seven children in the world breathes outdoor air at least six times dirtier than international guidelines recommend. Most of them live in South Asian cities, many in northern India.
Air pollution is also a leading cause of premature death in India, with about 620,000 people dying every year from pollution-related diseases, says the WHO.
Why are fireworks so popular?
Image copyright Getty Images
For some they are an opportunity to show off wealth. Business families spend hundreds of thousands of rupees to buy fireworks which are then used in the course of a single night.
Fireworks are also big business in India, with thousands of families employed in related factories.
Before Diwali there were several campaigns asking people to cut down on the use of fireworks. Similar initiatives in the past have got little attention.
The bizarre world of Indian fireworks
Fireworks in India $450m expected to be spent on fireworks this year, mostly during Diwali $4 approximate cost for a box of basic 12-shot multi-coloured fireworks 90% of Indian fireworks are made in southern Tamil Nadu state
Up to 40% of fireworks come from China AFP
How have people reacted to the smog?
Many have been very angry. The hashtag #smog was a trending topic on Twitter India. "Good show last night, Delhi. Now choke!" read one angry tweet from user Pratik Prasenjit.
Image copyright @nandini8
Image copyright @haroonsheikh786
Image copyright @MusafirMinakshi
Image copyright @TK_Scribbler
But many others have said the roots of Delhi's air pollution go beyond Diwali and its firecrackers.
Image copyright @dhume
Image copyright @doctoratlarge
According to the latest Watch and Listen magazine poll just out yesterday (Tuesday, February 26), popular series My Name Is Earl is now considered to be the Greatest Show in the History of Television.
UPDATE 27/02/2019 : This story seems to be false. (read more)
Top 100 TV shows of all time
To many of you it's probably a familiar story. Once every decade, the world-renowned entertainment magazine Watch and Listen conducts a global poll of television producers and critics from 80 different countries and translated into 20 languages. The recognition of My Name Is Earl (starring Jason Lee) in this decade's list doesn't come as much of a surprise.
Here are the top 5 best TV shows ever created in the world, according to the poll (followed by the percentage of votes):
Check out: The Full Watch and Listen's “Greatest TV Shows of All Time” List for 2019
Poll results stir controversy among television critics
While millions of Jason Lee fans in the United States and around the world were thrilled with the news, questions have been raised about the objectivity and fairness of the survey. Only a few minutes after the poll had been released, famous television critic and newspaper director Simon Ebert commented on their Twitter account:
My Name Is Earl?? … Really??
— Simon Ebert (@ESimon) 26 February 2019
“Our poll has in the past been the subject of criticism”, explains Watch and Listen's editor Gary McDermott, adding that “its prestige comes from its exclusivity and its longevity” (the poll has been run every ten years since February 1929).
Do you agree with this poll? Is My Name Is Earl the best TV show ever for you?
© 2019 MediaMass All rights reserved. Do not reproduce (even with permission).
Habs Ink Dietz to Entry-Level Deal
The Montreal Canadiens announced Sunday that they have signed prospect Darren Dietz to a 3-year entry-level contract. As per club policy, financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Here is the Canadiens official press release of the signing:
In 72 games with the WHL's Saskatoon Blades this season, Dietz has collected 58 points (24 goals, 34 assists). They rank first among the league defensemen in goals, and third among WHL rearguards in points. They show 100 penalty minutes and a +9 plus/minus differential.
Dietz, 19, has recorded 131 points (48 goals, 83 assists) in 220 games since their junior debut with Saskatoon in 2009-10. The 6'01'' and 195 lbs defenseman has served 288 penalty minutes and displays a +29 plus/minus differential.
A native of Medicine Hat, Alberta, Dietz was selected in the fifth round, 138th overall by the Canadiens at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. They took part in their first training camp with the Canadiens in September 2011.
Per Dan Kramer, Dietz and the Blades are heading to the WHL playoffs and they are the hosts of the Memorial Cup this year. They will join the Hamilton Bulldogs next season.
Lava flows in Daedalia Planum
Lava floods the ancient plains of Mars
Two distinct volcanic eruptions have flooded this area of Daedalia Planum with lava, flowing around an elevated fragment of ancient terrain.
Daedalia Planum and Mistretta Crater in context The images were acquired by ESA's Mars Express on 28 November 2013 towards the eastern boundary of the gigantic Tharsis Montes volcanic region, where the largest volcanoes on Mars are found. The lava flows seen in this image come from Arsia Mons, the southernmost volcano in the Tharsis complex, which lies around 1000 km to the northwest of the region featured here. This volcanic region is thought to have been active until tens of millions of years ago, relatively recent on the planet's geological timescale that spans 4.6 billion years. The rough elevated terrain at the bottom of the main image is imprinted with three distinct but eroded impact craters, the largest of which is about 16.5 km wide and named Mistretta. The ancient foundation it sits on once belonged to the vast southern highlands, but is now surrounded by a sea of lava, like many other isolated fragments that can be seen in the wider context image.
Daedalia Planum lava flows close up Lava flows from two distinct eruptions have reached the foot of this particular feature. The first eruption produced the lava flow to the south of the island (to the left in the main image and to the right in the close-up perspective image). This flow subsequently experienced extensive faulting due to tectonic forces, resulting in the numerous trough systems. The younger lava flow (right in the main image, left in the close-up image) must have taken place after the tectonic event that caused the faulting because it overlies both the older lava surface and the tectonic features. Indeed, at the front of the flow, several tongues of lava have flowed preferentially along the lower ground of the troughs.
Topography of Daedalia Planum and Mistretta Crater Another clear indication of the relative ages of the two flows is given by the impact craters: the older, fractured lava flow has more and larger ones than the younger flow. The younger lava flow also has a rough texture, with many small ridges on the surface. These features form as result of speed gradients within the lava flow due to the difference in temperature between the hot, faster-flowing interior lava and the cooler, slower ‘roof' of the flow that is exposed to the atmosphere. But neither lava flow travelled unimpeded. The highland ‘island' in this scene created an obstacle, forcing them to circle its flanks and override its base, most noticeable to the north (to the right in the main colour, topography, and 3D images).
Daedalia Planum and Mistretta Crater in 3D The wider Daedalia Planum region bears witness to numerous lava flows similar to these, each one overlaying the last. By carefully studying the boundaries between overlapping flows, planetary scientists can build up a picture of the eruption history of the Red Planet's giant volcanoes.
Chief of Staff Vice Admiral Mark Mellett hailed them as warriors - members of the Defence Forces who strive constantly to develop their capability skills.
Chief of Staff Vice Admiral Mark Mellett hailed them as warriors - members of the Defence Forces who strive constantly to develop their capability skills.
They singled out one warrior in particular, Sgt Stevie McColgan, who became ill and died earlier this year at the age of 37. Sgt McColgan was described by the chief of staff as a great soldier and sniper. In their honour, a perpetual trophy was awarded to the winners of an international marksmanship skills competition, at the Glen of Imaal military range.
The Army Ranger Wing took on the might of the US special forces, a sniper unit from the German Navy, and a team from the UK's Royal Irish Regiment.
The Rangers gave a further boost to their international standing by taking the top prize at the Glen.
Irish Independent
Texas lost 84,000 oil and gas jobs in just 16 months, according to the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers, which has been tracking the impact of the oil and gas bust across the state.
Karr Ingham, the petroleum economist who authors the group's Texas Petro Index (which has also been in decline for 16 months), announced the latest data at the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers annual meeting this week in Austin.
An estimated 222,000 Texans remain on so-called “upstream” oil and gas industry payrolls – the part of the industry that includes exploration and production activity. That's down 27.5 percent from a high of about 306,020 in December 2014.
Ingham expects tough times are still ahead in Texas oil, with more layoffs to come.
History shows that layoffs tend to continue for several months after oil has hit bottom and started to rebound.
During the low point of the last oil and gas downturn, in October 2009, there were 184,640 employees in the upstream part of the industry in Texas.
“Upstream industry employment in Texas will almost certainly continue to decline for most of the rest of the year; history suggests that employment will trough and begin to increase a good six months after prices reverse course,” Ingham said in a news release.
The number of drilling rigs working in Texas reached a milestone April 8, falling to 197, the lowest number since June 1999.
In the fall of 2014, more than 900 drilling rigs were working in Texas, with more than 100 jobs tied to each rig.
Oil prices have cratered, from $107 per barrel in June 2014 to around $43 Thursday. In January and February, the benchmark West Texas Intermediate traded below $30 a barrel.
The Railroad Commission issued just 1,594 drilling permits in first quarter 2016, which the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers said is the lowest first quarter total since it started tracking that number in January 1995.
Oil prices have come up in recent days. But Ingham is urging caution.
“First, it may or may not be the real deal; prices increased in part on the hope that some agreement might be reached between producing countries elsewhere in the world on production limitations and that's a prickly proposition,” Ingham said. “And second, price increase now produces a change in other oilfield indicators later, and indeed most other components of the index continued to decline in March.”
Here are some other key data points from the Texas Alliance of Energy Producers:
The characteristic smell of beer is very easy to recognize, and never fails to attract beer lovers. But now scientists have found that it's really meant to attract something else entirely: fruit flies.
It turns out those pesky, impossible-to-catch little flies aren't just an annoyance for brewers. Yeast and fruit flies have evolved a mutually beneficial relationship that hinges on that smell, according to new research.
Yeast produces small quantities of volatile compounds that give beer a pungent smell that's somewhat like ripening fruit. Scientists have already pinned down a particular gene that's responsible for most of these aromas —if they knock out the gene, species like S. cerevisiae (brewer's yeast) no longer release the fruity smells, and if they overactivate the gene, the yeast produce even more of the aroma.
While studying this years ago, bioengineer Kevin Verstrepen noticed that fruit flies in their lab swarmed around overactivated, flavorful yeast, and ignored non-fruity mutant yeast.
“I kind of knew already what the story would be then,” Verstrepen said.
In a new study published today in Cell Reports, Verstrepen and their team at University of Leuven and the Flanders Institute for Biotechnology in Belgium looked closer at how fruit flies react to the mutant beer yeast. They sent the flies into a cage and blew in air collected from different S. cerevisiae cultures. As expected, the fruit flies showed a strong preference for the smelliest yeast and didn't pay any attention to the non-fruity yeast air. They also discovered that when the flies landed on fruity yeast, they unwittingly picked up the microbes on their legs and transported them to different sites around the cage.
Both species gain from this aromatic attraction, according to Verstrepen, and it's a relationship that's likely been around for millions of years. Fruit flies eat yeast like S. cerevisiae for protein, and the scents help lure them to the source. In exchange, yeast use fruit flies to hitch a ride and disperse to new habitats. “I think it's the first description of this kind of smell-based collaboration,” Verstrepen said.
Because yeast can't move around on their own, they say, they probably developed this strategy as a way to escape nutrient-poor environments and migrate to nutrient-rich places that fruit flies frequent, like ripe fruit or rotting trash.
“They definitely have good support for this mutualism,” said beer scientist Steve Wagner, who wasn't involved in the study. “And I'd think this relationship pre-dates humans fermenting beverages, which only began about eight to ten thousand years ago.”
The aroma-based symbiosis may also apply to other microbes. “It's possible that this type of relationship is actually really common,” said Verstrepen, “We think that some pathogenic microbes may even use this strategy with insects.”
Brewers ordinarily detest fruit flies because the insects can carry unwanted microbe species with them. For instance, fruit flies often hang out on rotten fruit where they collect acetic acid bacteria. They then transport those microbes to a batch of beer where the bacteria convert ethanol into vinegar, which ruins the alcohol.
But there's a new trend among beer-makers called ‘wild fermentation' that lets microbes spontaneously colonize the batch to achieve a more local flavor, and Verstrepen's research helps explain how that happens. “You could catch a few flies in your vineyard, put it in your grape juice, and make a very unique wine,” said Verstrepen. They say he's also considered using fruit flies, rather than machines, to select better yeast strains for brewers.
“But to be honest,” they said, “those are ideas I get after I've had a pint of beer on a Friday night.”
Attitudes towards interracial marriage in the United States have changed over time. Marriages between people of different races are becoming more common — in 2000, 7.4% of all marriages were between spouses of different races, whereas in 2010, that figure rose to 9.5%.
Researchers at the U.S. Census bureau made a fascinating series of maps to analyze the geography of interracial marriages. (via Matthew Klein)
Non-Hispanic White/Hispanic marriages are the most common type of interracial marriage in the United States, accounting for over a third of all interracial marriages:
U.S. Census Bureau
White/Black marriages are scattered throughout the country, and forty seven years after the Supreme Court struck down laws against them, they are still fairly uncommon:
U.S. Census Bureau
White/American Indian and Alaska Native marriages are concentrated in areas with large American Indian and Alaska Native populations, like Oklahoma and Alaska:
U.S. Census Bureau
As with marriages between Whites and American Indians, White/Asian marriages largely track Asian populations:
U.S. Census Bureau
Marriages in which one spouse reported multiple races also tended to be in places with large American Indian or Asian populations:
U.S. Census Bureau
Marriages in which both spouses reported multiple races are rare, but largely occur in similar places as marriages with one multi-racial spouse:
U.S. Census Bureau
Marriages where one spouse is Hispanic and the other is neither Hispanic nor White tend to be more common in the Southwest, as was the case with Hispanic/White marriages:
U.S. Census Bureau
The final map shows the counties with the highest proportion of each of the interracial marriage categories above. Note that Hawaii's counties fall in the top five for the White/Asian, Hispanic/Non-Hispanic, Non-White, and both multiple race categories:
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
"The people asking the questions — those are the racists," Donald Trump reportedly said of the media. | Getty Report: Trump orders surrogates to attack media as 'racists'
Donald Trump is well known for attacking the media, calling out individual journalists as "sleazy" and barring or physically removing others from their campaign events.
On Monday, Trump told high-profile supporters in a conference call to start attacking the media for asking questions about the Trump University lawsuit, Bloomberg Politics reports. Trump has said the judge in the case, an Indiana-born man of Mexican heritage, can't be impartial in the case because Trump wants to build a wall along the border with Mexico.
"The people asking the questions — those are the racists," Trump reportedly said. "I would go at 'em."
In particular, Trump told their surrogates to go after television reporters, whom they called "hypocrites," according to Bloomberg.
Trump has faced tough television interviews in recent days, with CNN's Jake Tapper and CBS News' John Dickerson grilling them over their comments about the judge. Tapper made 23 attempts to get Trump to answer whether their comments were racist, while Dickerson asked Trump whether they would also consider a Muslim judge to be biased against him.
Trump's reply? “It's possible, yes. Yeah. That would be possible, absolutely."
THE battle over Southampton's famous pub, The Hobbit, could be over, the Daily Echo understands.
The Saul Zaentz Company, which contacted owners Punch Tavern about the Bevois Valley pub's use of The Hobbit brand has told the Daily Echo the row has been a misunderstanding.
Film producer Paul Zaentz has told the Echo they do not necessarily want to remove all reference to Tolkien's work and "certainly doesn't want to run anyone out of business."
They want to resolve the dispute "amicably" and suggested the pub could be asked to pay a nominal licence fee of $100 a year - about £63.
Mr Zaentz said: “We've tried to be very gracious. We think asking for a nominal licence fee is very reasonable.
"Rather than engage in protracted and expensive litigation, (we) would prefer to resolve this matter amicably.
"We said we would be willing to consider any proposition they might make, but to my knowledge we've had no response yet."
Mr Zaentz contacted the Echo after the campaign to save the pub garnered worldwide attention, with backing from Stephen Fry and Sir Ian McKellen, who both appear in the upcoming The Hobbit movie.
For instance, in an effort to impress top technical prospects, an employer may paint an overly rosy picture of the work environment, or make promises they can't keep. Here are some of the fibs you're almost certain to hear during a job search—as well as some ways to uncover the truth.
“We Have an Awesome Culture; Everyone Gets Along and Hangs Out Together”
Nearly every tech company wants to be “cool,” so they try to mimic the culture in the most successful Silicon Valley firms, noted Shaharris Beh, CEO of HackerNest. Be aware, however, that it takes more than fun and games to encourage camaraderie and build a true collaborative culture.
“Ping pong and beer Fridays does not a community make,” Beh said. “Talk to the people in the trenches, sidle up to them and ask questions to see what the work environment is really like.”
“Salary for the Position Depends on Experience”
Actually, the salary is determined by the budget and market value for the position. For example, an employer isn't going to pay a programmer 50 percent above the salary range maximum just because they have 10 years' experience.
“Employers have a salary range in mind 99.9 percent of the time,” said Jennifer Price Hegener, director of recruiting for V-Soft Consulting. Having more experience or knowledge can help increase your value, but there's a maximum amount an employer is willing to pay—no matter how much experience you have.
Research the company and the market rate for someone with your skills in your geographic area. That will give you a reasonable salary range for when you speak to recruiters and hiring managers.
“We Only Hire Rock Stars, Our Teamwork is Phenomenal”
As experts have also pointed out, companies that only hire so-called “rock stars” are often beset by internal rivalries and other problems.
“Rock stars aren't indicative of a great environment, because they aren't team players,” Beh said.
So if you're looking for team chemistry and a stress-free work environment, you may want to avoid companies that focus on hiring high performers.
“We Offer Unlimited Opportunities for Growth”
Don't rely on unsubstantiated promises about career advancement; ask for a career plan or map. Also, be sure to verify the company's promotion rates and policies with current tech staffers, because the percentage of employees receiving promotions has held steady at about 9 percent since 2010, according to data collected by WorldatWork.
“We Will Only Consider Candidates Who Fit the Job Description”
Don't let this phrase dissuade you. In fact, the successful candidate rarely meets all of the requirements in the original job description.
“The job description is just the starting point,” Hegener said. “Most tech managers don't know what they want until they start interviewing and get a better sense for the talent available in the market.”
“We're Incredibly Innovative”
“Innovation” has become the new buzzword in recruiting. But in fact, very few companies are truly innovative; and worse, many recruiters and hiring managers don't understand the difference between creativity and innovation.
“Many companies claim to be innovative, but innovation is not creativity,” Beh said. “Creativity is about coming up with new ideas. Innovation is about executing and monetizing those ideas.”
So if you really want to create brand-new products and solutions, figure out what the company means by “innovative,” and more importantly, what it will mean for you.
For instance, will you be allowed to spend 15 percent of your time developing new products or solutions? How much risk is the company willing to take on new ideas? And how will you be rewarded for the things you develop? Just make sure that you and the hiring manager are on the same page so you won't be disappointed if you accept the position.
The 2004 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 2003–04 season, and the culmination of the 2004 Stanley Cup playoffs. The Eastern Conference champion Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Western Conference champion Calgary Flames in seven games and were awarded the Stanley Cup. It was Tampa Bay's first-ever appearance in the final. For Calgary, it was the team's third appearance, and first since their championship season of 1989. Lightning owner William Davidson would soon become the first owner in sports history to win two championships in one year as eight days later, the other team that Davidson owned (the Detroit Pistons of the NBA) won the NBA title in five games over the Los Angeles Lakers. This was the last Stanley Cup Final played for two years, as the 2004–05 NHL lockout occurred three months after the end of this final, lasting over ten months and leading to the cancellation of the 2005 Final, with the league not returning to play for the Cup until 2006.
Paths to the Finals [ edit ]
Tampa Bay defeated the New York Islanders 4-1, the Montreal Canadiens 4-0 and the Philadelphia Flyers 4-3 to advance to the Finals.
Calgary beat the Western Conference's top three seeded teams, the Vancouver Canucks 4-3, the Detroit Red Wings 4-2 and the San Jose Sharks 4-2, in that order. This brought a Canadian team to the Finals for the first time in 10 years; Vancouver lost to the New York Rangers in the 1994 Stanley Cup Finals.[1]
Game summaries [ edit ]
Game one [ edit ]
May 25 Calgary Flames 4–1 Tampa Bay Lightning St. Pete Times Forum Recap
Calgary leads series, 1–0
The first game, at St. Pete Times Forum, saw the Flames win 4–1. Dave Andreychuk began the game with a record 634 career goals without a Stanley Cup Finals appearance.[2] Calgary only got 19 shots off against the Lightning defense, but more than one-fifth found the net. Martin Gelinas got Calgary on the board early, and they extended the lead to 3–0 in the second period on goals by Jarome Iginla, their 11th of the playoffs, and Stephane Yelle. Chris Simon added the fourth and final Calgary goal after Tampa Bay's Martin St. Louis scored the lone Lightning goal.
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 Total Calgary 5 10 4 19 Tampa Bay 10 8 6 24
Game two [ edit ]
May 27 Calgary Flames 1–4 Tampa Bay Lightning St. Pete Times Forum Recap
Series tied, 1–1
Game two saw the same final score, but this time, it was Tampa Bay winning a clutch game to tie the series, 1–1, headed to Calgary. Ruslan Fedotenko's 10th goal of the postseason got the Lightning on the board first, and Tampa Bay used three third-period goals, coming from Brad Richards, Dan Boyle, and St. Louis, respectively, to blast the game open. The lone Calgary goal was scored by Ville Nieminen.
These Finals would be the last until 2013 to be tied after two games. The team with home ice in games one and two held a 2-0 edge in every Final between 2006 and 2011. In 2012, the Los Angeles Kings won the first two games at New Jersey.
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 Total Calgary 6 9 4 19 Tampa Bay 8 10 13 31
Game three [ edit ]
May 29 Tampa Bay Lightning 0–3 Calgary Flames Pengrowth Saddledome Recap
Calgary leads series, 2–1
The series shifted to the Pengrowth Saddledome in Calgary, where Flames goalie Miikka Kiprusoff and the Calgary defense completely stonewalled the Tampa Bay attack, which only took 21 shots in a 3–0 Flames victory. Simon scored the first Calgary goal in the second period, and Shean Donovan and Iginla added goals to ice the game.
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 Total Tampa Bay 5 6 10 21 Calgary 2 12 4 18
Game four [ edit ]
May 31 Tampa Bay Lightning 1–0 Calgary Flames Pengrowth Saddledome Recap
Series tied, 2–2
With a chance to take a commanding 3–1 series lead, Calgary was shut out by Lightning goalie Nikolai Khabibulin, who recorded their fifth shutout of the postseason, a 29-save shutout, in a 1–0 Tampa Bay victory, with the game's lone goal being scored by Brad Richards three minutes into the game on a two-man advantage.
With 4:13 left in the game, Ville Nieminen checked Vincent Lecavalier into the boards from behind, drawing a five-minute major penalty for boarding, a game misconduct penalty, and an eventual game five suspension.[3] Meanwhile, fans at the Pengrowth Saddledome angrily booed referees Kerry Fraser and Brad Watson throughout most of the contest. They were originally also scheduled to work game six in Calgary but the league eventually decided to replace them.[4][5]
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 Total Tampa Bay 12 7 5 24 Calgary 12 5 12 29
Game five [ edit ]
June 3 Calgary Flames 3–2 OT Tampa Bay Lightning St. Pete Times Forum Recap
Calgary leads series, 3–2
The series returned to Tampa Bay tied, 2–2, for a critical game five, and Calgary pulled off a 3–2 overtime victory to move within one win from the Stanley Cup. After Gelinas and St. Louis traded goals in the first period, Iginla scored for Calgary late in the second period. However, Fredrik Modin tied the game for the Lightning 37 seconds into the third period. The 2–2 score held until after 14:40 had gone by in overtime, when Oleg Saprykin's first goal since the first round won the game for the Flames.
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 OT Total Calgary 11 14 4 7 36 Tampa Bay 9 3 8 8 28
Game six [ edit ]
June 5 Tampa Bay Lightning 3–2 2OT Calgary Flames Pengrowth Saddledome Recap
Series tied, 3–3
Back to Calgary for game six, each team scored two second-period goals, with Richards scoring two for the Lightning and Chris Clark and Marcus Nilson for the Flames. In the third period, there was a dispute over a Martin Gelinas redirect that appeared to have gone in off of their skate.[6] A review from one camera angle appeared to show the puck crossing the goal line before Khabibulin's pad dragged it out, though some (including Lightning assistant captain Tim Taylor) argue that the puck had not only been knocked several inches above the goal line (thus making there appear to be white ice between the puck and the goal line) in front of Khabibulin's pad, but that it was also "kicked" by Gelinas. The play was never reviewed. It was however later shown in game seven by ABC television that the NHL made the correct call via a CGI video analysis of the goal in question that proved that the puck never crossed the goal line completely.[7] The CGI company who did the analysis of the video was based out of Calgary. The game entered overtime with the Flames needing only a single goal to win the Stanley Cup. However, thirty-three seconds into the second overtime, St. Louis put in the game-winner for the Lightning to force a winner-take-all seventh game in Tampa.
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 OT 2OT Total Tampa Bay 6 5 7 7 2 27 Calgary 6 13 7 7 0 33
Game seven [ edit ]
June 7 Calgary Flames 1–2 Tampa Bay Lightning St. Pete Times Forum Recap
Tampa Bay wins series, 4–3
In a tense game seven, Fedotenko scored goals for Tampa Bay late in the first period and late in the second period for a 2–0 lead. After Conroy scored to narrow the deficit to 2–1, Calgary barraged Khabibulin after taking only seven shots in the first two periods. After the Conroy goal, Khabibulin stopped 16 Calgary shots. The series ended as Flames center Marcus Nilson missed a last-second opportunity to force overtime. Tampa Bay won the game, 2–1, and the Stanley Cup.
Shots by period Team 1 2 3 Total Calgary 3 4 10 17 Tampa Bay 6 4 5 15
Team rosters [ edit ]
Years indicated in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify that the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.
Calgary Flames [ edit ]
Tampa Bay Lightning [ edit ]
Tampa Bay Lightning – 2004 Stanley Cup champions [ edit ]
Players
Coaching and administrative staff: William Davidson (Owner), Thomas Wilson (Governor), Ronald Campbell (President)
Jay Feaster (Vice President/General Manager), John Tortorella (Head Coach), Craig Ramsay (Associate Coach), Jeff Reese (Asst. Coach)
Nigel Kirwan (Video Coach), Eric Lawson (Strength-Conditioning Coach), Thomas Mulligan (Medical Trainer), Adam Rambo (Asst. Medical Trainer), Ray Thill (Equipment Manager)
Dana Heinze (Asst. Equipment Manager), Jim Pickard (Asst. Equipment Manager), Mike Griebel (Massage Therapist), Bill Barber (Director-Player Personnel), Jake Goertzen (Head Scout)
Phil Thibodeau (Director-Team Services), Ryan Belac (Asst. General Manager), Rick Paterson (Chief Pro Scout), Kari Kettunen (Scout)
Glen Zacharias (Scout), Steve Barker (Scout), Dave Heitz (Scout)
Yuri Yanchenkov (Scout), Bill Wickett (Sr. Vice President-Communications), Sean Henry (Exe. Vice President-Chief Operating Officer)
Stanley Cup engraving [ edit ]
Darren Rumble played only five regular season games, and did not play in the playoffs. Rumble was a healthy reserve the rest of the season.
Eric Perrin played in four regular season games and twelve playoff games (four in the conference in finals).
Stanislav Neckar played two games in the conference finals. Neckar was on the Nashville Predators injury reserve list the majority of the season, before joining Tampa Bay in a trade on March 9, 2004.
Tampa Bay was given permission to include these players on the Stanley Cup even though they did not qualify. Rumble for spending the whole season with Tampa Bay, and Perrin and Neckar for playing in the conference finals.
-Ruslan Fedotenko was the first player born-trained from Ukraine to win the Stanley Cup.
ALL 52 members were included with the full first and full last names on the Presentation Stanley Cup filling the last spot on the Stanley Cup. When the engraver Louise St. Jacques went to engrave the Replica Stanley Cup there was less space available. There was more space between each winning team on the Replica Stanley Cup then on the Presenation Stanley Cup. Louise decided to keep each member name in same order on the same line on the Replica Stanley Cup, so all names were engraved with first initial and full last name. This is another way of telling the Presentation Stanley Cup from the Replica Stanley Cup.
Aftermath [ edit ]
The 2004–05 NHL lockout occurred after this season, which meant that the Lightning did not raise their banner until the following season after the lockout in 2005–06. The Lightning lost in the first round to the Ottawa Senators in that year. Likewise, the Calgary Flames also lost in the first round to the Anaheim Ducks.
Broadcasting [ edit ]
In the United States, this was the last Stanley Cup Finals to air on the ABC/ESPN family of networks, with ESPN televising the first two games and ABC broadcasting the last five games, as the 2004–05 NHL lockout suspended play for the next season. NBC and OLN would pick up the NHL for the 2005–06 season. The Comcast-owned OLN would later be renamed Versus for the 2006–07 season, then re-branded as the NBC Sports Network on January 2, 2012, following Comcast's 2011 acquisition of NBC, effectively moving to the NHL on NBC banner.
In Canada, the CBC's broadcast of game seven of the Finals drew 4.862 million viewers, making it the highest-rated NHL game on the CBC since game seven of the 1994 Final, which drew 4.957 million viewers.[8] However, those numbers include both pre-game and post-game coverage. The game itself drew 5.560 million viewers, up from 5.404 in 1994.[8]
References [ edit ]
Diamond, Dan (2008). Total Stanley Cup (PDF) . Dan Diamond & Associates, Inc. Archived (PDF) from the original on March 26, 2009 .
The army said Sunday that commandos captured the last militant who took part in the assault. They were identified by the army as Aqeel, who also used the alias Dr. Ufman.
The Obama administration, which is in the midst of reassessing its strategy for the region, has asked the Pakistani military to step up its efforts against the Taliban.
American military officials said they were astonished that the militants could penetrate the high-security installation to the extent that they did.
Photo
One official, speaking anonymously, said the siege represented “a major security lapse.”
Even before ending the standoff, the government vowed to carry out its Waziristan offensive.
“I want to give a message to the Taliban that what we did with you in Swat, we will do the same to you there, too,” Interior Minister Rehman Malik said, referring to the Swat Valley, where the army drove out the Taliban last summer. They identified the militants involved in the assault as Pakistani Taliban.
The militants' attack began about 11:30 a.m. Saturday, when 8 to 10 gunmen drove up to what was considered a heavily fortified compound. After a 45-minute gunfight, four of the attackers were killed, General Abbas said, and several others fled into the building. Once inside, the militants took hostages.
The attack on the headquarters came after the new leader of the Pakistani Taliban, Hakimullah Mehsud, warned that the army had become the militants' main target. The army announced two weeks ago that it planned a major offensive in South Waziristan, the Taliban's stronghold.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Mehsud said last weekend that the Taliban would not let the planned offensive go unanswered. It was their first news conference since taking over from Baitullah Mehsud, who was killed in a missile attack by an American drone in August.
The assault and other recent attacks could be the start of the escalation Mr. Mehsud warned about, military analysts said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In one attack, a suicide bomber blew themselves up at the headquarters of the United Nations World Food Program in Islamabad on Monday, killing five United Nations workers. That attack seemed designed to intimidate international aid workers and the agency that the Taliban has said should leave Pakistan.
In Peshawar, the capital of North-West Frontier Province, a car bomb killed 48 people in the busiest bazaar at noon on Friday, when it was most crowded. It was one of the most lethal attacks in a city that has become a consistent target of the Taliban.
Security analysts said the militants had cells planted through out Punjab, the most populous province, and had clearly refined assault techniques from its close links with Al Qaeda in Pakistan's tribal areas.
Photo
According to an account from a senior Pakistani military official who was at the scene when the Rawalpindi attack began, there was initial confusion because the attackers were dressed in army fatigues, and security officers could not tell the difference between soldiers and militants, they said. The van they were driving had military plates, allowing them to approach the checkpoints with less suspicion, an American military official said.
The militants were a mixed group, the Pakistani military official said. Some came from the tribal areas, some from Punjab and some from Kashmir. The men made calls on their cellphones demanding release of prisoners from government custody, the official said.
Another witness, Mansoor Ahmed, told the Geo television network that the men in the van were stopped at a gate. “Soon heavy firing started,” they said. “I saw one terrorist falling down. They have also used hand grenades.”
As the siege developed at the headquarters, the chief of the Pakistani military, Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani, was shown on Pakistani television meeting with President Asif Ali Zardari on the contentious issue of a $7.5 billion, five-year American aid package that the army says interferes with Pakistan's national security.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Pakistani television reported that Mr. Zardari, who has hailed the aid as a major triumph but has come under direct criticism from the army for accepting its conditions, had agreed to take up the army's objections with the Obama administration.
The aid package, aimed at bolstering civilian infrastructure, is separate from military aid, of which the United States has provided $10 billion since 2001.
The army had been riding high in public opinion after its offensive against Taliban forces in the Swat Valley in the summer pushed militants out of the area. Stepped up security in Islamabad and Peshawar appeared to have quelled militant attacks in the last few months.
And a lull in bombings after Baitullah Mehsud's death was interpreted by security analysts as a sign that the Taliban were in disarray.
But the new Taliban leader, Hakimullah Mehsud, appeared intent to launch strikes before the army struck in South Waziristan, said a retired senior army officer, Brig. Mehmood Shah.
A commentator on national security and former senior police officer, Arbab Hidayatullah, said Saturday that the attack had occurred because the military had so far failed to “deliver the mother of all battles” in South Waziristan, giving the “terrorists a free hand to deliver themselves.”
Image caption Tunisians still take regularly to the streets, urging interim authorities to act against the former regime
Tunisian authorities say they want to try former President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali on 18 different charges, including voluntary manslaughter and drug-trafficking.
Justice Minister Lazhar Karoui Chebbi said the charges were among 44 to be made against Mr Ben Ali, their family and some former ministers.
An international warrant for Mr Ben Ali's arrest is in force.
They were ousted in January amid a popular uprising and fled to Saudi Arabia.
Authorities said at the time they had arrested 33 members of their family, reportedly on suspicion of plundering the country's resources.
In an interview on state TV late on Wednesday, Mr Chebbi said 18 legal cases had been prepared against Mr Ben Ali, including ''conspiring against the state, voluntary manslaughter and drug use and trafficking", reported Tap state news agency.
Crackdown
Mr Chebbi said authorities had issued a request to Interpol to freeze the assets of Mr Ben Ali and their family, and said a delegation was being sent to Interpol headquarters in Lyon, France, to try to speed up the enforcement of the request.
Mr Ben Ali is accused of ordering security forces to crack down on the revolt that began in mid-December.
The UN calculates 219 people died during the Tunisian uprising - including 72 in the country's jails - a far higher toll than that provided by Tunisian authorities.
Caretaker authorities have appointed a new government and the notorious and extensive secret police service has been dissolved.
Correspondents say the authorities are under pressure to establish their legitimacy in the eyes of protesters.
When I was 8 and on holiday in France with my parents, we went to Chartres Cathedral, just south of Paris. My father took me by the hand as we both stared at the blue glass casting reflections all over the limestone in the great medieval church.
From This Story The Brilliant History of Color in Art Buy
“That blue was made 800 years ago,” they said. “And we can't make it like that any more.”
From that moment on I was fascinated—obsessed you could say—by colors. Not just by what effect they have on the eye (though for me any encounter with a new piece of art is almost always about the colors first), but also by their history and, of course, how they were and are made. For, as I learned, colors are amazing and complex things. Even the purest and brightest natural colors like madder-root orange are actually blends of many colors when viewed under the microscope: yellow, red, even blue and white. Chemical colors (so much less delightful!) often are just one.
I recently spent five weeks at the Getty Museum, walking the galleries with a large magnifying glass in hand and talking to experts about the different paints and processes. The Brilliant History of Color in Art, the book I just wrote with the Museum, follows paints and dyes and pigments through time, from the manganese black used in the prehistoric cave paintings at Lascaux in France to the tiny dots of light, pixels, that create color on our computer screens.
My quest for color has landed me in all sorts of adventures. I traveled to eastern Iran for the two weeks in November when the landscape is purple with saffron crocuses harvested for their scented
red stigmas. I went twice to Afghanistan during wartime, the second time reaching the remote mountains where for 6,000 years people have mined the lapis lazuli stone that gives the astonishing purplish blue of Titian's skies and the Virgin Mary's robes.
Over the years I've seen my share of medieval stained glass windows in churches, cathedrals, and museums. I've even found and picked up tiny colored shards of glass on the ground outside churches in my native England. These shards had been lying in the dirt since the dark days of what we rather kindly call the Reformation of the 1530s, when some of the country's most beautiful sacred art objects were smashed in obedience to King Henry VIII.
But I'd never done more than touch a fragment of stained glass until a few weeks ago, when I visited the Stained Glass Studio at Canterbury Cathedral in Kent in southern England. Conservators at the Cathedral had taken down this pane featuring the Biblical figure of Methuselah in their 12th-century glory, along with 42 other depictions of Christ's ancestors as part of extensive cathedral renovations. This work became necessary when the glass in the southeast transept window started to fall out after weathering 800 years of wind and rain. Five of these over-life-sized glass figures were in a glorious exhibition at the Getty Center in 2013.
I used to think “stained glass” got its name because it's so colorful. But I learned during the early years of my research that, instead, it is because some colored glass panes are overpainted with a metallic stain to depict faces, fabric folds, and other details, and then baked in a kiln. The staining can be damaged by the slightest touch.
Not all colored glass is truly stained, however. “Do you want to touch one of the unpainted pieces?” asked Leonie Seliger, head of the stained glass conservation department, pointing to panes in which the color comes from the glass itself, not from the painstaking, and vulnerable, surface stain.
I tentatively reached out my fingers to a piece of glass––a blue one, of course. I closed my eyes. The surface was like a smooth wave. Imagine touching a distant landscape of rolling hills and tracing your finger across the horizon. At a distance the glass looked flat, but it was far from it.
They showed me the replacement handblown glass they had prepared for restoration, organized in stacks by color. The sheets were flat.
“We've been desperately trying to find someone who can handblow glass unevenly,” they said. “But they're all too good. We haven't found anyone yet.”
Yet it is this uneven surface, and the impurities that were mixed with the coloring elements—cobalt for blue, manganese for purple, gold for pure red—that make the shimmers that have captivated me for years, going back to that day at Chartres.
The stories of colors burst with improbable details. Vivid red comes from cochineal, extracted from South American bugs whose brilliant red pigment was once so valuable that people danced in the streets when they arrived twice a year into the port of Seville. Lead white—now banned for toxicity in the U.S.—was derived from lead corroded through contact with acid and manure. Prussian blue was created by accident when an alchemist tried to make red. And all the “coaltar” colors with
which most of our clothes are dyed today were discovered by a teenager who made a mistake in their chemistry homework.
There is a common thread in the whole history of color in art, as I saw in those cathedral windows that first started me on this lifelong journey: the vital role played by imperfection, accident, and vulnerability in the striving for perfection. The windows of Chartres were made 800 years ago by itinerant craftsmen who traveled from cathedral to cathedral, living close to forests to have ample supplies of wood, and who no doubt told stories as they made their bumpy glass, full of dust motes and bits of leaves—imperfections that make it all the more glorious.
Victoria Finlay is the author of The Brilliant History of Color in Art, published by Getty Iris in November 2014. They live in England and is still obsessed by colors (and colours). They wrote this for Zocalo Public Square.
You can now try your hand at being a skate photographer with a Vive controller as your camera.
Have you ever wanted to see if you have what it takes to be an action sports photographer? What about a war photographer or maybe even a paparazzo cruising hot spots in LA?
Well now is your chance to get some practice in and make a game out of it at the same time.
Chicago-based game developer Robomodo is showing us an early prototype of their “VR Photo Jam” experience, transporting you into the shoes of an action sports photographer positioned atop a halfpipe as skaters fly overhead.
The VR Photo Jam experience lets you teleport around the skate park to find an ideal angle. You then raise the “camera” to enter viewfinder mode and snap away to capture the action one frame at a time. This is of course a game, so scoring is based on timing, framing, and subject position.
When speaking with Josh Tsui, Founder of Robomodo, inspiration for creating this initial demo came from their love of photography, sniper games, and Pokémon Snap. The team decided to tackle skate photography first since that was a subject they were most familiar with. Robomodo was founded by veteran developers who've worked on franchises such as Mortal Kombat, WWE, Fight Night, and of course Tony Hawk. “Working on the Tony Hawk games, we had already experienced the thrill of standing on a half pipe while skaters flew over us, so it was easy to pinpoint that as our target,” commented Tsui.
Interestingly enough for a VR game, when you raise the camera to your face and switch to viewfinder mode, you are going from 3D to 2D, something that may have been challenging to pull off but also mirrors more closely to actual photography.
This is not Robomodo's first foray into VR, having worked with Three One Zero on their VR title Adf1ft and are also working on their latest untitled VR project.
Is this game more for entertainment or can it actually be used for training and practicing photography?
Although the virtual camera features may seem basic right now, the team wants to build in ways for you to progress through levels, slowly ratcheting up the features. For example, going from Auto to more manual camera operation settings. “It would ideally correspond to the higher difficulty levels as you play,” shares Tsui. “It gets tricky because we want to have the complexity but it should also be enjoyable so there is a fine balance to make.”
The demo only exists as an internal prototype for now, but the team is looking at various options to release to a wider audience and potentially include more VR photography levels like “wildlife,” “war journalist,” “paparazzi,” and even “stake out.”
Editor's note: The Pioneer Press first published this article in February 1969 as part of a series on haunted places around the Twin Cities metro area called ‘The Haunted Among Us.'
Three newsmen spent a sleepless night recently at 476 Summit Avenue to try to learn whether the dead do tread the halls of the former St. Paul Art Gallery.
The legends and eyewitness accounts of ghosts in the red sandstone structure were supported by St. Paul spiritualist-medium Roma Harris, who made an early-evening visit to the 24-room Victorian home of Carl L. Weschcke.
“There is a Charles Wade who worked here as a gardener,” they said in a seance the mansion's dark-paneled library. “The yard was beautiful and they come here they pull the books out and uses them.
There has been much sorrow here, a lot of suffering things have been done that shouldn't have happened.” They spoke with their eyes closed.
Roma – as they want to be known – speaks in gushes of words. At times they pray. At other times they speak of “vibrations” coming from a world beyond.
There was a general – or something – here,” they said. I see a blue uniform with lots of gold on it.”
For more stories from the Pioneer Press archives, go here.
Roma was not told in advance about the house. They were told nothing of its bizarre past or of its present. Weschcke was introduced to them only as Carl.
Could the uniformed figure have been the late Col. Chauncey Griggs, who built the mansion in 1883? Or perhaps a “General Forsythe” mentioned by Roma as a visitor in the home? Griggs was an officer during the Civil War.
Roma also mentioned a servant, a young maid, as we walked through the huge hallways leading to the third floor.
Roma had not been told of the legend that a maid met a violent death in the mansion that now belongs to the 38-year-old bachelor who publishes books on astrology and the occult.
When Roma reached the foot of the main staircase, they said there had been an accident. “Someone was pushed and fell here the police were called the person was permanently injured but it was an accident.”
They spoke also of a blonde girl, about 17, who once played the piano in the house. They died at an early age, said Roma, and their name was Amy. Roma seemed taken momentarily aback by the wide staircase and the floors above. We took them up, accompanied by Weschcke.
“The house has a heaviness about it – like a ball and chain,” they said.
We reached the third floor and Weschcke led us into a vast room. “Here here the vibrations are very, very strong,” Roma said. Here is where you should stay the night.”
We then took Roma to their home on the other side of the city. They told us they would ask members of the spiritualist group to which they belong to pray at the meeting that night that whatever spirits were in the mansion would make themselves known to us.
We returned to the mansion at 10 p.m. It stood dark and uninviting against a dark night sky. Weschcke met us at the door. We went up to their study.
They went over the legal history of the mansion. Their records show the house was changing hands in the late 1800s and early 1900s like a hot coal instead of the huge investment it was for its buyers.
To replace it today would cost an estimated $390,000. It was selling even in those distant days for over $100,000. Yet the records show it was bought, held at times for one, two or three years, and then sold to the next buyer.
But the records fail to show why the house changed hands so often – and after such brief periods of occupancy by owners who spent fortunes to buy, furnish and staff it with servants.
While our host talked about the mansion where they live alone, one of their three cats, a female Siamese, sat on their desk. They kept looking up at the high ceiling. There was nothing on the flat surface to attract them attention. There were no sounds we could hear. But they kept looking up toward the floors above us.
Weschcke again took us on a tour of the house from top to bottom. Just before midnight led us up the winding, narrow back stairs to the cavernous room with a wide skylight where Roma had said they felt the most “vibrations.”
Weschcke then retired to their bedroom on the second floor. It has its own bathroom and they said they would have no reason to leave the bedroom. They were tired, they said, after an 18-hour day.
Photographer Flynn Ell set up one camera with a special lens and loaded with infrared film capable of capturing heat changes that might be present if something invisible to the human eye appeared. They carried another camera with a wide-angle lens and regular film. A tape recorder we brought with us was turned on.
We sat down in a circle. There was one shaded light in the room. A bright light leading to the staircase allowed us to see anything that moved outside our room. As newsmen we have each been in hundreds of situations that held far greater risks of possible physical danger. There was no sign of any danger in that room twice the size of most modern apartments. We had no reason to feel apprehensive.
Yet each of us soon reported feelings of general uneasiness – a definite sense of discomfort we couldn't define. Each was especially anxious about the hall – brightly illuminated – and the staircase leading to the floors below.
One of Weschcke's cats, a black Angora, came silently up the stairs and into the room. It went to reporter Giese. They stroked its back. The cat then walked to the door to the hall and stopped. It looked back, its tail twitching. Giese walked to the doorway.
The cat moved to the top of the stairs and again looked back. Giese followed it. The cat then went down to the first landing and looked up at the reporter peering over the wooden rail. The cat seemed to be waiting for them to follow it down the stairs. They didn't. They returned to the room.
They reported a very strong sense of apprehension about the staircase that was bathed in a light so bright one looking down could see the worn spots three landings below made by the thousands of footsteps that had been taken since 1883 on those old stairs.
Photographer Ell then went to the top of the stairs. They stood there a minute and then returned. Reporter Farmer went to the stairs.He returned.
Both Ell and Farmer reported a similar sense of discomfort, uneasiness – fear.
Overactive imaginations? Forbidding surroundings? Lateness of the hour? Lack of sleep? Expectations of coming face to face with the Art Gallery Ghost?
We don't know. But we each know there was NOTHING that could induce us to walk down those lighted stairs alone.
We sat talking softly at times and at other times we sat in silence. Ell was making periodic exposures on their infa-red film camera aimed at the hall.
Suddenly, at 1:20 a.m., outside our room but on our floor, there were at least five distinct thumps – like heavy footsteps. Silence followed.
We sat, listening and waiting, our eyes frequently turning to the door leading to the hall and the staircase.
At 3:35 a.m. there was a creaking sound – like soft footsteps – on the stairs. We stared at each other in silence. The noises stopped.
At 3:40 a.m. reporter Giese walked to the top of the staircase. They leaned over the railing. There was nothing visible on the landings or the stairs below. They listened and looked for about two minutes. There was no sound.
They returned to the room and said they had “an almost overpowering urge” to step away from the stairs – a “feeling” that there was “something” on those stairs that was not Carl Weschcke or any of their cats.
Minutes later, at 3:45 a.m., there was again the same squeaking sound on the stairs – a sound that might be made by feet starting up the stairs to our floor and then stopping. Again there was silence.
We sat until after 4 a.m. and heard nothing more. We packed our equipment and walked together down the stairs to the back door. We let ourselves out, looking the door behind us. We looked up at that hulking stone mansion. We were relieved to be outside it.
We saw no ghosts. We only heard what we heard and felt what we felt.
We all agreed on one thing. There is no prize on earth that could get us to spend a single night alone in that great stone house that seems to speak in sounds we cannot explain or understand.
There is a growing, and much more scientific, interest in the supernatural. Some very distinguished and notable men believe in ghosts and spirits.
Love St. Paul history? Go here for more stories from deep within the Pioneer Press archives.
Nevada anti-public lands protester lands 68 years in prison
One of the anti-government activists involved in an armed standoff in Nevada in 2014 involving the Bundy ranch and public land grazing was slapped with a sentence of 68 years in federal prison.
In 2014, a group of protesters from across the country, some of them armed, arrived in Nevada to side with Cliven Bundy, a Bunkerville rancher who had long feuded with the federal government. Bundy raised cattle on public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management. A judge ordered the BLM to round up Bundy's cattle, as they had not paid their grazing fees. That resulted in a tense armed standoff, which ended when federal law enforcement backed down. Burleson and others were arrested later.
Arizona resident Gregory Burleson, 53, was convicted of threatening and assaulting a federal officer, obstruction, and traveling across state lines in aid of extortion. They were sentenced on July 26. The sentence was five years less than what federal prosecutors asked for. Burleson's attorney told the AP they expect to appeal the sentence.
Another of Burleson's co-defendants, Todd Engel, of Idaho, was also convicted and awaits sentencing. A Nevada jury failed to reach a verdict regarding four others tried with Engle and Burleson.
Cliven Bundy and two of their sons, Ammon and Ryan, still await trial in Nevada, which is expected later in 2017. Another six defendants are to be tried in 2018.
Sign of the Times: Security Guard Clashes with Idaho Camper
In Idaho, outdoors folk are seething over a recent viral video that featured an armed security guard, allegedly harassing an outdoorsman using a public road to access National Forest.
Although the incident is isolated, it does reflect growing tensions nationwide as moneyed landowners curtail legitimate access on established, traditional routes, trails, and roads.
Recently, the DF Development Co. has bought up 170,000 acres of former timber company land in Idaho's Adams, Boise, and Valley counties. Many of these acres abut national forests, which are open to the public for hunting, fishing, ATV riding, and berry picking.
According to Boise's NBC affiliate, KTVB Television, a local outdoorsman was driving their truck and hauling their ATVs on an established forest road that crossed company lands on the way to camp on the Boise National Forest. The driver stopped on the road and was questioned, and photographed by a DF Development security guard. The guard was wearing a sidearm and told the driver they were trespassing. The driver insisted they had a right to use the road, and eventually was allowed to proceed. The driver recorded the encounter on video and posted it on social media. This hit a raw nerve in Idaho, where access to the outdoors is a deeply held core value.
Adding insult to injury, the land purchased by DF Development was previously owned by Boise-Cascade and Potlatch timber companies, which traditionally allowed public recreation. DF Development is reportedly trying to curtail public use of those lands. Here's the video...
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum with severe depression took their own life after 18 calls to a helpline for people with mental health problems went unanswered.
Natalie Winter, 29, put in several calls to the Sussex Mental Health Line on New Year's Eve in the hours before they died, an inquest was told.
In a heartbreaking final text to their psychiatric nurse, they wrote: "I've tried to hang myself and can't get through to the mental health line."
A coroner has criticised the support offered to Natalie, who Eastbourne Coroner's Court today heard suffered from bipolar disorder.
Natalie's designated psychiatric nurse Alison Shine told the inquest that they did not immediately check the message their patient had sent them
(Image: Facebook/Natalie Winter)
They said: "I heard my work phone go off and I thought 'I'm not on duty and I haven't got the emotional strength to even look at it'."
Ms Shine said they were in a difficult mental state themselves having recently lost someone close to them
When they did look at their phone, they sent a text back at 5.54pm to say: "You need to find an ambulance and go to A&E."
The coroner asked: "Should you not have phoned the police?"
Ms Shine did not call 999, nor did they call Natalie.
The NHS trust in charge of Natalie's care has now introduced an answerphone service on the mental health line, which had previously been switched off during periods when outgoing operators had to brief incoming staff.
It has also reiterated to staff its policy on setting boundaries for clients on the timing of out-of-hours texts and phonecalls.
Paul Beynon, clinical operations manager for the Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust, said the trust had reminded staff to be "clear about boundaries".
Coroner Alan Craze said: "It seems to me this is a lesson which should be learned - there must be a divert to another phone."
(Image: www.alamy.com)
Records from Natalie's phone show 30 phone calls made in just over an hour from 2.43pm on the day of their death, including 18 to the mental health line.
The text to Ms Shine was sent at 3.40pm. The reply was received at 5.54pm.
Mr Craze said the time of Natalie's death had been estimated to be between 4.10pm and 5pm.
Natalie, born and raised in Lewes, attended Priory School, listed their profession as food bank volunteer.
Them GP, Dr Olivia Hum, told the inquest Natalie had been "strongly into drugs" in 2012 and 2013 and had self-harmed in that period but had seemed "more stable" through 2015, and had stopped taking drugs.
Them condition worsened after a relationship break-up in April last year, the court heard, and they were put on a course of long-acting intravenous anti-depressants.
No care plan or risk assessment for Natalie was ever written by Ms Shine despite regular visits starting in August, which Dr Sheriff Orekan, consultant psychiatrist in the case, accepted was "insufficient" when criticised by the coroner.
David Rylands, Natalie's neighbour in Abergavenny Road, Lewes, told the inquest how they found Natalie, who had hanged themselves in their utility room, at 5.30pm on December 31 last year.
Despite efforts of neighbours and emergency responders, they were pronounced dead at the scene.
Mr Craze delivered a verdict of suicide.
Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org
Let me put this as simply as I can: If you're playing Diablo III and not playing Hardcore, you're doing it wrong. Playing Hardcore means different things in different games, but the most important difference in Diablo III and almost all cases is permanent death. Once your character is dead, that's it. No coming back.
It's more challenging, it's more exciting, and, above all, it's just more fun. You have no idea how attached you can get to a character until you've gone through 90 levels of Hardcore Diablo II with them, battling bosses, fleeing from lightning-charged cow kings, and having more than half an eye out for sneaky hydra-sorcs.
Whichever class you choose, choose Hardcore.
Diablo III is gloomy and atmospheric, but the tension only becomes real when death carries a penalty. Actual jeopardy is nearly non-existent in games these days; we've been coddled with auto-saves, checkpointing, and infinite lives, and gaming is the poorer for it.
What once were cheats have now become necessities and common features, and we seem to have forgotten the damage they do. Without jeopardy, where is the challenge? Without real risk there can be no real reward. We've been suckered in en masse with ever-bigger explosions--but they're a poor substitute for actual jeopardy.
The reasons you should play Hardcore run deeper than that, though. It's not just about making the game more of an experience, it's about experiencing the genre in the way it's meant to be played.
You can draw a direct line of descent from 1980s Rogue to Diablo III. This line passes through all manner of roguelikes, Nethack foremost among them. Nethack has persisted for 25 years as generations of players throw themselves at its mercy in an attempt to achieve ascension. While Diablo and its sequels are a mere shadow of true roguelikes thanks to their linearity, action gameplay, and lack of difficulty, they do have one thing in common: permadeath.
It's the economy, stupid
It's not just a short-term selfish benefit, either. In softcore, where there is a real-money auction house, the economy will soon become flooded with exceptionally high-level characters doing endless (probably botted) boss runs that will flood it with high-level items. These items will naturally lose their value, and there will be little to actually strive for. In Hardcore, this process will take much longer and the higher-level uniques will still be something to really fight over--and that's all ignoring the most obvious benefit of Hardcore.
I have no interest in paying real money for my Diablo items, and don't want to be in the same world as those who do.
In Hardcore, there will be no real-money auction house. If you were looking for a clear sign from Blizzard's game designers (rather than Activision's beancounters) that Hardcore was the way to go, this has to be it. In Diablo II, the online economy in normal mode swiftly went to the dogs--but in Hardcore, it kept going in a sensible way for much much longer. This will be the case in Hardcore as the real-money auction house is too big of a draw for those looking to exploit the system, and the risks of losing a high-level character too great to allow for botting of inferno boss runs.
It also keeps the playing field level. I have no interest in paying real money for my Diablo items, and don't want to be in the same world as the vast majority of those who do. Of course there will still be a black market--though I suspect IRC and dodgy Usenet groups might not be as much of a tool for the black marketeers this time around--but it'll be marginalised, as it should be.
Hardcore may seem like a fool's errand or a hiding to nothing, but it really is the best way of playing the game. It will show you what gaming is meant to be like--you will feel terror like you never have before, and satisfaction unlike anything else you've felt in gaming for a decade.
Vaiyo A-O, A Home Va Ya Ray, Vaiyo A-Rah, Jerhume Brunnen G…
It would be remiss of me not to warn you about the lows, too. You will beat your keyboard in rage, smother your expensive monitor in your beverage of choice, and swear more creatively than you ever thought possible, but it'll be worth it. Make sure you bring friends with you to share the good times, loot your corpse when you pop--and raise a glass with you when your favourite character finally bites the dust. You really haven't experienced the full gamut of gaming emotion until you've attended a wake for a level 94 barbarian--and I assure you, Kai was toasted well.
It's all totally worth it though. And remember: if you're playing Diablo III and not playing Hardcore, you're doing it wrong.
Microsoft's latest trademark filing has led to the discovery of a first-party game studio that has been around for a while, but recently got a formal name from the company. However, there's no word on what this studio, called Leap Experience Pioneers, is working on.
The filing was made to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office last week for "LXP", The filing was for a word mark with this description: "The mark consists of the letters LXP' superimposed over an image of an astronaut." A member of the NeoGAF message board somehow found a connection to the filing, and a London-based design company called Territory Studio. They had created the logos for "LXP", which stands for Leap Experience Pioneers.
The website also has info on the Microsoft group itself. It says:
Leap Experience Pioneers (LXP) are an in-house games developer for Microsoft based in the US. Although they had been in existence for some years they thought it was the right time to define their identity. Something that all parts of their business could relate to, but more importantly, be inspired by. They considered themselves pioneers (as their name suggests) and wanted to encapsulate the the spirit of fronteering Americans - combining a cowboy with an astronaut with attitude.
So apparently the team has been around for a while, but now it has an official name. Of course, Microsoft has not officially revealed the existence of LXP as they have for their other game development teams such as 343 Industries (Halo), Lionhead (Fable), or Black Tusk Studios (Gears of War). We have contacted Microsoft to see if they can offer any more information on LXP.
Source: USPTO and Territory Studio via NeoGAF | Image via Microsoft
Quitting Chronic Cardio By Guest
I hope the publication of this particular success story doesn't come across as too self-serving. Reader Brett expresses at length their appreciation for what I do, and for that I'm very grateful. My goal is to touch millions of lives with the Primal Blueprint message, and it's emails from readers like Brett that motivate me to keep doing what I'm doing. But at the end of day it's not about what I do. It's about all of the decisions each of you make daily. I'll continue to do my small part in challenging conventional wisdom and attempting to provide some direction amidst all of the confusion. But it's up to you to take that information and do something with it. So make like Brett and their wife Beth and get Primal today!
If you have your own success story and would like to share it with me and the Mark's Daily Apple community please contact me here. I'll continue to publish these each Friday as long as they keep coming in. Thanks for reading!
—
Dear Mr. Sisson,
Please allow us to humbly express our deep sincere gratitude to you for the invaluable health and nutrition knowledge you are generously sharing through your online and other publications. We provide a brief outline of our story here in hope that others may find it helpful.
Our Brief Background Chronology
I, Brett, and partner Beth, 54 and 56 years of age respectively, have been enthusiastic lifelong endurance athletes. Our general lifestyle theme is to achieve the highest possible levels of health and fitness. It has long been our ambition to become centenarians. I began excelling physically as a competitive gymnastics champion at 12 years of age. During my teen years I began competing successfully in marathons, and continued in the sport at a recreational level for 30 years. Beginning each day with between a ten and thirty-mile run became my fundamental lifestyle principal. More than a decade ago we began to find the Ironman triathlon competition more eventful and appealing than marathon running, and converted mostly to training for Ironman events. Partner Beth's experience in endurance athletics has been similar to mine, as we evolved and trained together for the past 20 years. Although we were recreational athletes, our training was intense and our level of competitive standing was relatively high. By our mid-40s, we'd achieved success in international business, and made the lifestyle decision to retire and dedicate fully to pursuing ultimate physical fitness, health and well-being. We planned to continue our triathlon training and competitions indefinitely. Subsequent, for most of a decade, our daily regimen consisted of 6 to 8 hours of training. Much of which entailed intense training, where we adhered to performance quotas and rigorous goals. Nutrition is of immense interest to us. We researched and studied sports and health nutrition in depth for over 30 years. In our attempts to leverage optimal health and physical fitness, we experimented over the past 20 years with dietary regimens ranging from vegan to aggressive carnivore, but for the majority of our lives we adopted the conventional lower fat, high carb diet. We have been invariably careful about the quality of our food products. We have not and will not consume any processed foods of any type. For example, we presently live on our own sustainable organic farm, where we produce 100% of our own food requirements under exacting plant and animal raising protocols. We've spared no expense in achieving a diet that is free of the contaminants that characterize most of the commercial food chain. Water is our only beverage, and we have our own deep water well that provides water with exceptional natural purity, and we further process this water through our customized processing system, for even greater purity. Essentially we have long been generally trying to do everything correctly to support achieving our goals of ultimate physical fitness and health. The results of our lifelong dietary and exercise efforts, until recently, however, proved to leave us far short of our goal.
Coming to Terms with Failure
As we entered our 50s, we may have appeared fit, and our endurance event performances may have supported the image of strong health and fitness, but this was purely a facade. By reasonable and objective definition, we were unfit and in poor and failing healths. Given our high level of endurance training and corresponding dependence on frequent carbohydrate fueling, we evolved to become borderline diabetic. Further, we exhibited many symptoms of the currently well recognized metabolic syndrome (namely excess of waistline body fat levels and other systemic markers of potential heart disease). Particularly disturbing to us was the accumulation of excess body fat around our waist lines that we were finding we were unable to lose, despite our 30 to 40 hours a week of training, and even aggressive calorie-restrictive dieting. We had little if any vital energy to carry out tasks and activities beyond our dogmatic endurance training regimen.
At this point it became blatantly clear to us that our entire health nutrition knowledge base had been all wrong, and we desperately needed new direction and a new plan to avert our pending health and fitness catastrophe. We began urgently digging deeply for truths and new direction. We gradually began to understand clearly the insidious health hazards of the carbohydrate-based diet and abandoned such. We then transitioned to a high fat diet and embraced many of the Paleo Diet theories as presented by Dr. Loren Cordain. But as we aimed to continue our commitment to achieving ultimate fitness through aggressive intense endurance training, while fueling on fat, our fitness levels and general healths declined even further. We were forced to moderate our exercise regimens as our fitness levels declined, and we continued with a Paleo type diet, but were lost in a cloud of uncertainty and lack of direction. We researched ambitiously to establish a new dietary and exercise plan, but for a long period of time we were not able to formulate a general healthy nutrition plan that we could be confident about or have faith in.
Salvation
By great fortune for us, our desperate nutritional research efforts eventually led us to Mr. Mark Sisson's comprehensive range of principles on health and fitness, which they generously share through their numerous online publications. As lifelong athletes, with the deeply instilled beliefs that intense physical training of long durations would lead to better health and fitness and a better quality of life, our initial interpretation of Mr. Sisson's Primal Blueprint theory was one of skepticism. Our deeply ingrained cultural and lifestyle biases brought us to be parochial and not readily able to see the light of reality. However, Mr. Sisson's tireless and ambitious ability to confess their doctrine and values for the benefit of others, and to do so in a manner that is exceptionally extensive and comprehensive, allowed us to gradually but relatively quickly, internalize their principles and emerge to realize that Mr. Sisson conveys the absolute gospel. It was the fact that Mr. Sisson answered many of our uncertainties with certainty, confidence and comprehensive logical validation, that brought us to realize their great integrity and their abundant authority to provide leadership for athletes misguided as we were. For example, the very controversial and high-profile question of the relationship between consumption of animal fat/saturated fat/a high-fat diet and heart disease, is one which much erroneous information abounds about, and it is a question that few health authors will take a strong position on. Mr. Sisson, however, thoroughly and comprehensively clarifies the truth for us on this matter, and they provide references to valid logical scientific data that proves their position is correct.
Realizing the Primal Blueprint Good Life
We are beyond grateful to state that we have made some enormous improvements in health and quality of life during the past year through having adopted Mr. Sisson's exercise and nutrition principles. We have come to realize that intense aggressive endurance training is not a prerequisite for, nor component of, physical fitness. As Mr. Sisson clarifies, training regularly for a 10 hour intense endurance event is unnatural, unsustainable, and in discordance with our biological evolutionary heritages. Mr. Sisson has redefined accurately and clearly what constitutes physical fitness and a corresponding higher quality of life. Mr. Sisson provides brilliant leadership guidance that is comprehensive and correlates all relevant matters of nutrition and physical activity, leaving nothing vague and uncertain. We gave up Ironman training and competitions nearly a year ago, and are now grateful for having done so. Also, for nearly a year we have adopted the general principles of the Primal Blueprint diet in their entirety. We have, for instance, at present in our freezer at our Arizona organic farm, several hundred pounds of beef fat harvested from organically raised cattle. Beef fat is our soul source of fuel and our favorite food item, which we consume thousands of calories a day of. The result of adopting the Primal Blueprint diet and exercise principles has been our achieving the leanest body compositions we have experienced in years, stable blood sugar levels, stable energy levels, and the return of normal vital energy for engaging in daily activities. We have abundant energy, for example, to take a 100 mile recreational day bicycle tour through the Arizona desert and do so often. Our running, weight training, and other physical activities are now limited and rarely intense. Our strengths and general fitness levels have improved, and perhaps for the first time in our lives, we are beginning to realize genuine physical fitness. Adopting the logical evolutionary science-based Primal Blueprint principals, which are correct and effective, for the longest time eluded us, as they may elude many persons of similar cultural backgrounds. It took Mr. Sisson's ambitious and caring leadership to guide us to our enlightenment, and we remain immeasurably indebted.
I've been converted to the Primal Blueprint only a short time, and only recently transitioned from the bio-systemic instability inherent in a carb-based diet to the excellent stability and well-being inherent in fueling exclusively on fat. In this photo, which is a very early “after” commencing PB photo, versus the pre-PB photo (above), I have reduced the relaxed waistline (and waistline body fat deposit) measurement by 1.5 inches. Perhaps in six months to a year, both wife Beth and I can resubmit some photos and updates.
In conjunction with communicating and sharing their valuable health and nutrition knowledge, Mr. Sisson de facto acts for some of us, as a mentor, role-model and therapist. Many persons of Mr. Sisson's generation, perhaps bestowed with similar cultural indoctrination to Mr. Sisson, formulated their lives around the concept of intense endurance training fueled by a high carb diet being a requirement for or a component of optimal physical fitness and a path to a better life quality. For such persons, the eventual realization that their plan was skewed and their efforts have not only been in vain, but have been health destructive, may be a matter that requires some difficult coming to terms with and cognitive adjustment. To arrive at the ultimate realization that they have dedicated perhaps the better years of their lives and the major portion of their lives to a false and harmful prophecy may be at least disturbing. Mr. Sisson provides a model of excellence for dealing with this consideration. As they advocate in their various writings, we need to take responsibility and accountability for our circumstances. Mr. Sisson executes this nobly as they candidly identify and shares the realities of their earlier life misdirections with health and fitness, and without remorse, employs their experience constructively to help others find their way to health and nutrition enlightenment and a genuinely better life experience.
Post navigation
If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here!
Please note: This book has been superceded by B4A.
Basic4Android is widely recognised as the best RAD tool available for Android. “Basic4Android” by Wyken Seagrave is the first book describing this exceptionally easy system. It covers version 3.00 of the IDE (Integrated Development Environment).
The Table of Contents and Sample Pages are available here.
Basic4Android knocks spots off every other IDE for Android. Most of them require developers to learn Java with all its complexities as well as wrestling with the use of an unfamiliar hardware platform. Basic4Android makes everything easy.
Only B4A allows developers to easily create native and market-compatible applications without having to write any XML, achieving a performance that is similar to Java written applications. Using it, those developers who know Visual Basic better than Java can go from downloading Basic4Android to creating their first native app on their device within seven minutes.
The following remarks are typical of what professional developers say:
“I've [made] more progress with B4A in 3 hours than I have in 3 months with other Android IDEs.” Morgan Matthews.
“I must say as a Visual Basic expert Basic4android is the best software purchase I've made in a long time. Within an hour of installing I had a fully functional application running on both my phone and tablet.” Dylan Palmer.
“This is the greatest product ever! After spending two months trying to learn Java, I stumbled upon you. I have been a VB programmer for 25 years, and I am in heaven now! Thank you!” Marc Mieher.
This delightful system has produced a dedicated band of over 25 thousand developers who have expanded the system by contributing their own libraries to the community as well as helping each other solve problems.
However it's not always easy to find the information you want from the on-line help provided. Amazingly there are no books on the subject. “I have wanted to see a book about Basic4android for a long time now,” says Erel Uziel, CEO of Anywhere Software, creator of Basic4Android. And so UK publisher Penny Press has asked resident author Wyken Seagrave to write the first ever book on the subject: “Basic4Android: Rapid App Development for Android”
Their complete guide will be suitable for intermediate and expert developers but will also be useful for beginners. It will cover every aspect of B4A from installation and using the WYSIWYG visual editor through a comprehensive reference section to using Additional Libraries supplied by other users. It will quickly repay its cost by the time saved in finding the information developers need when they need it.
Book Resources
Click here for the book's online resource page
How to Purchase
Electronic versions in pdf, epub and mobi (Kindle) formats are available from: http://buy.basic4android.info/
You can buy the paperback version from: https://www.createspace.com/ 4296350 It is also available from any Amazon site, both electronically for Kindle and as paperback. USA Amazon.com: http://amzn.to/1a50iKO UK Amazon.co.uk: http://amzn.to/1a4ZNjC France Amazon.fr : http://amzn.to/1a50tWc For other Amazon sites, search “basic4android seagrave”
Publication Data
Publication date 21 October 2013 Extent eBook 531 pages Price eBook £15.99, $23.99, €18.75 ISBN ebook 9781871281200 Extent paperback 564 pages Price paperback £31.99, $48.99, €38.28 ISBN paperback 9781491226735 Size paperback 19.1 x 23.5 x 3.2 cm BIC Code UMS Level Beginner to Advanced Rights Held World, all languages
Media Kit
Click here to download our Media Kit.
Short URL
Reach this page with the URL basic4android.info
James Comey, director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, has once again slammed Apple's iPhone and devices running Android that can hold secure, encrypted data that is inaccessible by law enforcement, saying that such capabilities allow users to "place themselves beyond the law."
Comey's remarks came during an interview with 60 Minutes, during which they said they believe unbreakable encryption of user data has "gone too far." They said he's concerned that even with a legal court order, the information secured on a smartphone could be kept secret, even in the cases of kidnapping, child exploitation or terrorism."The notion that we would market devices that would allow someone to place themselves beyond the law troubles me a lot," Comey said. "As a country, I don't know why we would want to put people beyond the law. That is, sell cars with trunks that couldn't ever be opened by law enforcement with a court order, or sell an apartment that could never be entered even by law enforcement. Would you want to live in that neighborhood?"The comments are similar to those Comey made in a separate interview last month , when they said they believe privacy features in both Apple's iOS and Google's Android allow users to put themselves "above the law." The FBI director has said that they are "very concerned" that secure, unbreakable systems limit or prohibit lawful government access.
But Comey did stress on 60 Minutes that they believe there should be restrictions, review and oversight when it comes to law enforcement. They feel so strongly about the issue that in 2004, as deputy attorney general, they fought with President George W. Bush on warrantless wiretapping.Comey indicated they would resign if the Bush administration reauthorized its secret surveillance program, and the president was persuaded. As a result, the program was reauthorized in a modified form that Comey said conformed to the law.The FBI director pledged that their organization does not do any electronic surveillance without a court order. A federal judge must agree that the person being spied upon is likely a terrorist, an agent of foreign power, or a serious criminal."It is an extremely burdensome process," they said. "And I like it that way."New security features in Apple's iOS 8 platform make it technically impossible for the company to decrypt on-device data, even if law enforcement agencies were to provide the proper warrants. If an iPhone has been locked with a secure passcode, Apple has no method of bypassing that code.The secure system is based on encryption keys, which are no longer stored by Apple off-site, meaning the only way to access an iPhone's contacts, photos, messages and more is by keying in the appropriate lock code. It should be noted that any information sent to iCloud or other servers are fair game for government data requests.
Australian police are investigating a possible “extremist” attack involving a French national who stabbed a British woman to death and injured two others while reportedly yelling “Allahu Akbar.”
The assault took place on Wednesday at a backpackers' hostel near Townsville in northern Queensland. A 21-year-old British woman died at the scene, while a 30-year-old British man was taken to hospital in critical condition, state police reported.
“Initial inquiries indicate that comments which may be construed of being of an extremist nature were made by the alleged offender,” Queensland Police Service Deputy Commissioner Steve Gollschewski told reporters.
They added that the police were “not ruling out any motivations at this early stage, whether they be criminal or political.”
The police are looking into possible “mental health or drug misuse” issues and any “indication of an extremist slant or they were radicalized,” the officer said.
Read more
The perpetrator was a 29-year-old French national who arrived in Australia on a tourist visa in March.
“This person appears to have acted alone,” Gollschewski said. “He is a visitor to Australia and has no known local connections; however investigations are ongoing.”
It is alleged that the suspect used the phrase “Allahu Akbar” during the attack and while they were being arrested by police, Gollschewski added.
At the same press conference in Brisbane, Australian federal police commander Sharon Cowden said that the French suspect has no known connections to extremist groups.
A local Australian in their late 40s received non-life threatening injuries during the attack and was released from hospital on Tuesday night, the police said.
A hostel dog was also killed in the altercation, which was witnessed by several dozen people, the police added.
The female victim was identified as Mia Ayliffe-Chung in the British media. They had studied childcare at Buxton College and psychology at Chesterfield College in the UK, the US tabloid Daily Mail said, citing their Facebook page.
Australia has seen several “lone wolf” attacks carried out by jihadists over the past few years, including a hostage taking situation at a Sydney cafe in 2014, which left two victims and the perpetrator dead.
Yidir, born and raised in the Sahara Desert in Morocco, taught themselves a number of instruments and used to play actively as a bassist and drummer in the band Imodda. Bands all over North Africa, mainly Tinariwen, Bombino and lately Imarhan inspired with their desert rock music the music style of the band & themselves as a musician the most.
Tinariwen was one the first Tuareg-Bands creating the so called ‘Desert Rock' or ‘Desert Blues' in the 80ies. They were the first band in North Africa mixing traditional and typical music of the Berbers of the Desert with modern electric guitars and created an unprecedented kind of music. Through music they started to fight for the recognition and better living conditions of the suppressed Berber tribes in North Africa.
Bombino is called the Nigerian Jimi Hendrix – playing the guitar, the most important music instrument for the Tuareg, unlike anyone else. They promoted exemplary the interest for the Tuareg culture worldwide. Bombino is making a plea in their songs for community, self respect and love, making people stand up for their rights peacefully. And always does so themselves as a good example.
Imarhan is going the next step in Desert Rock: Opening up for different, for western music styles as a new wave of Tuareg Music, being complex, emotional, rhythmical, poetic and yet quite urban. Imarhan's music reflects on their cultural and generational backgrounds. Dry guitar riffs and pan-African rhythms draw on traditional Tuareg music, African ballads and most recently on the modern pop, funk and rock.
PLAYLIST and TRACKLIST: Best of Desert Rock / Desert Blues
1) Tinariwen – Chabiba
2) Tinariwen – Hayati
3) Bombino – Imuhar
4) Bombino – Inar
5) Imarhan – Imarhan
6) Imarhan – Tarha Tadegh
7) Imarhan – Assossamagh
8) Toumast – Ami
9) Tamikrest – Dihad Tedoun Iran
10) Diabel Cissokho – Kéléleléonly
© All photos via Yidir Alla
SaveSave
SaveSave
Summary:
Samsung has started to mass produce the industry's first 8 gigabit (Gb) low power double data rate 4 (LPDDR4) mobile DRAM based on its leading-edge 20-nanometer (nm) process technology.
Samsung Electronics Starts Mass Production of Industry's First 8-Gigabit LPDDR4 Mobile DRAM
Samsung pioneers the next generation of ultra-fast, high density mobile memory technology, opening the door to the era of 4GB mobile DRAM for a new level of mobile responsiveness
Samsung Electronics, the world leader in advanced memory technology, announced that it has started mass producing the industry's first 8 gigabit (Gb) low power double data rate 4 (LPDDR4) mobile DRAM based on the company's leading-edge 20-nanometer (nm) process technology. LPDDR memories are the most widely used “working memory” for mobile devices worldwide.
“By initiating production of the 20nm 8Gb LPDDR4, which is even faster than the DRAM for PCs and servers and consumes much less energy, we are contributing to the timely launch of UHD, large-screen flagship mobile devices,” said Joo Sun Choi, Executive Vice President of Memory Sales and Marketing at Samsung Electronics. “As this major advancement in mobile memory demonstrates, we will continue to closely collaborate with global mobile device manufacturers to optimize DRAM solutions, making them suitable for next-generation mobile OS environments.”
The new 20nm 8Gb LPDDR4 offers twice the performance and density compared to 4Gb LPDDR3 which was based on 20nm-class* process technology. The new 8Gb LPDDR4 chip allows a 4 gigabyte (GB) LPDDR4 package to be created.
Samsung's 4GB LPDDR4 package was chosen as an Honoree of the 2015 CES Innovation Awards in the Embedded Technologies category. In winning this award, Samsung became the only company that has won the CES Innovation Awards for three consecutive years with its mobile DRAM solutions, as the company's 2GB LPDDR3 and 3GB LPDDR3 were honored in 2013 and 2014, respectively.
Due to an I/O data rate of up to 3,200 megabits per second (Mbps), which is two times faster than a typical DDR3 DRAM used in PCs, the new 8Gb LPDDR4 can support UHD video recording and playback and continuous shooting of high-resolution images with over 20 megapixels.
The LPDDR4 mobile memory chip's operating voltage was reduced to 1.1V from that of LPDDR3 memory chips, which makes the new Samsung chip the lowest power memory solution available for large-screen smartphones and tablets, and high-performance network systems. For example, in case of a 2GB package, an 8Gb LPDDR4-based 2GB package can save up to 40 percent of power compared to a 4Gb LPDDR3-based 2GB package, due to low operating voltages and faster processing.
By adopting new proprietary low-voltage swing-terminated logic (LVSTL) for its I/O signaling, Samsung has also further reduced the new LPDDR4 chip's power consumption while enabling high-frequency operations at low voltages for optimal power efficiency.
Samsung started providing 2GB LPDDR4 and 3GB LPDDR4 DRAM packages this month based on 8Gb and 6Gb LPDDR4 dies, respectively, in support of global application processor vendors and mobile device manufacturers, and will provide 4GB LPDDR4 packages in early 2015.
Samsung expects to rapidly increase the production volume of its 20nm DRAM line-ups, including the new 8Gb LPDDR4 mobile DRAM and the recently introduced 8Gb DDR4 DRAM for servers, in order to better meet customer needs, while accelerating the growth rate of the high density DRAM market.
The folk singer Jim McCann has died at the age of 70.
The folk singer Jim McCann has died at the age of 70.
The Dubliners' singer Jim McCann has passed away at age of 70
A member of The Dubliners from 1974 to 1979 they returned to the group for their 2002 re-union tour, but has been ill with throat cancer since then.
Singer Jim McCann Pic Tom Burke 22/8/06 Barney McKenna & Ronnie Drew with Jim McCann and Johnnie McEvoy.Pic Tom Burke 22/8/06
They also performed with Luke Kelly in a Noel Pearson production of Jesus Christ Superstar in The Gaiety Theatre in Dublin.
“He had a beautiful voice” said John Sheehan, the last remaining member of the original Dubliners today. “We travelled the world together and we always had great times together.”
They had a big hit with the song Grace and as a member of the Dubliners they sang slow ballads like Carrickfergus and Four Green Fields.
Online Editors
Few people would approach a complete stranger on the street for information about the pressing issues of the day, and yet that is just how many behave on the internet. In the wake of the 2016 election, reporting from Buzzfeed and other outlets has made it increasingly clear that the American voter is woefully lacking in the skills needed to judge the veracity of a news website. Among the many headlines from fake news websites were reports that Pope Francis endorsed President-elect Trump, that Hillary Clinton used a body double throughout the campaign and sold weapons to ISIS.
Related Content How Fake News Breaks Your Brain
The founders and authors of these fake news promulgators craft their stories for the sole purpose of maximizing visitor hits to in turn generate massive revenue. Their deceptions play to readers' worst fears regardless of whether the writers themselves subscribe to the political leanings of the article's content. "It is not intended to pose an alternative truth," writes author Neal Gabler, "as if there could be such a thing, but to destroy truth altogether, to set us adrift in a world of belief without facts, a world where there is no defense against lies." In comparison with news outlets (and other sites) that offer ideologically biased takes on the most pressing issues of the day, fake news operations occupy a unique place on the web and constitute an obvious and menacing threat to unsuspecting visitors. The inability of so many readers to distinguish between the two, and knowing when to steer clear of a website altogether, is undoubtedly concerning.
For those of us on the frontlines of education, especially for history teachers, this problem is nothing new, given the ways in which the rise of the internet has transformed the teaching of the subject over the past 15 years. Students and teachers now have access to a vast amount of information about the past, but few know how to discern what is reliable and what is not.
The problem surfaced for me in 2001 when a student handed in a research paper on the early history of the Ku Klux Klan that minimized the level of racial violence during Reconstruction and characterized their relationship with black Southerners as overall positive. The sources were drawn almost entirely from websites published by individual Klan chapters. The student had not thought about the obvious bias of the website or whether it constituted a legitimate historical source. The experience served as an important learning experience for the students, but even more so for me.
Even as late as 2001, my students still relied primarily on printed materials compared to Internet sources. Librarians maintained control over new additions to the stacks, allowing for a certain level of quality control, but with each passing year the availability of faster personal computers, handheld devices and increased access to the web provided students with easier access to information about an ever-expanding number of historical subjects. Students and teachers benefited immensely from this increased access. Teachers could now introduce their students to a deep well of primary sources and historical figures that never made it into textbooks. Opportunities for students to conduct their own research through primary and secondary sources was soon limitless, defined only by the time they are willing to spend researching.
On the other hand, the technology quickly outpaced educators' ability to police or even guide students as to how best to search and assess online information. An unsubstantiated narrative, perpetuated by the media, that children are digital natives, naturally hardwired to understand how to use computers, helped to exacerbate the problem even further. Students were left to figure it out on their own as schools gradually cut back on the purchase of additional printed sources or purged their collections entirely. Where once librarians taught students how to research, few schools appreciated the important role they could play in educating students how to search and assess information on the Web. A recent study of Internet literacy among students by the Stanford History Education Group shows that they are incapable of "distinguishing advertisements from news articles or identifying where information came from."
There is no denying that access to primary sources from the Library of Congress and other research institutions, along with secondary sources from the scholarly community, has enriched the teaching of history, but their availability means little if they cannot be accessed or distinguished from the vast amount of misinformation that awaits the uneducated user online.
In 2008, George Mason University professor T. Mills Kelly created a course called "Lying About the Past" in which students were encouraged to create fake websites about a historical subject. Students worked on creating a fake Wikipedia page, blog, and videos about Edward Owens, a fictitious Virginia oyster fisherman who took up piracy in the Chesapeake Bay in the 1870s. This fake historical narrative was complemented by fake primary sources, including Owens's “legal will.” Although the project was met with some skepticism and even more serious charges by Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales, Kelly hoped their students "would become much more skeptical consumers of online information."
It's difficult to imagine a more effective method of driving home such an important lesson. In the years since Mills first taught the class, opportunities to publish and share information online has expanded even further through Facebook, YouTube and Twitter and blogging platforms such as WordPress and Medium. Opportunities to publish can be an empowering experience. History teachers who embrace these digital tools can shift from assignments that would never see the outside of their classroom's walls to projects that have the potential to reach a wide public audience. Educators can engage students about the ethical responsibilities related to how information should be published on the web.
But if the public is left unprepared and without the skills needed to determine what is real and what is suspect, there can be real consequences. Consider for instance the publication of Our Virginia: Past and Present a fourth-grade textbook written by Joy Masoff. First discovered by William and Mary historian Carol Sheriff, whose child was then in the fourth grade, the chapter on the Civil War included a statement that "thousands of Southerner blacks fought in Confederate ranks, including two battalions under the command of Stonewall Jackson." The myth of the Confederate black soldier is an insidious one, traced back to the late 1970s and a small group of Confederate heritage advocates who hoped to distance the history of the Confederacy from slavery. If black men fought as soldiers in the army, they argued, than it would be difficult to maintain that the Confederacy fought to protect and expand the institution of slavery. Not a single academic historian came forward in support of the textbook's claim. Later it was learned that Masoff had discovered the information on a website published by the Sons of Confederate Veterans.
There are thousands of websites published by individuals and organizations who believe black Confederate soldiers existed. Websites such as the Petersburg Express, for example, includes photographs and even primary sources that to the uneducated may appear legitimate. The purveyors of these stories often insist that they are providing a public service by uncovering accounts that academic historians have intentionally ignored. Regardless of the motivation for publishing the material in question, these websites present visitors with some of the same challenges as fake news sites.
The history classroom is an ideal place in which to teach students how to search and evaluate online information given the emphasis that is already placed on the careful reading and analysis of historical documents. Even the most basic guidelines can steer students away from misinformation. Consider the following questions next time you are researching online:
Is the site associated with a reputable institution like a museum, historical society or university?
Can you identify the individual or organization responsible for the site, and are the proper credentials displayed?
Then, finally, you have to examine the material itself. Is the information provided on the Web site, including text and images, properly cited? What can you discern from both the incoming and outgoing links to the site? Only then can you approach it with the same level of trust that you would a scholarly journal or piece of archival material.
History classrooms that emphasize the critical evaluation of bias and perspective in primary sources, along with the questions above, will also provide students of all ages with the necessary skills to evaluate the links that regularly appear in their Twitter and Facebook feeds. Healthy and well-deserved skepticism can go a long way.
The ease with which we can access and contribute to the web makes it possible for everyone to be their or their own historian, which is both a blessing and a curse. The internet is both a goldmine of information and a minefield of misinformation and distortion. Teaching our students how to discern the difference will not only help them steer clear of fake history and fake news, but reinforce the importance of a responsible and informed citizenry. In doing so, we strengthen the very pillars of democracy.
Kevin M. Levin is a historian and educator based in Boston.  They are the author of Remembering the Battle of the Crater: War as Murder (2012) and is currently at work on Searching For Black Confederate Soldiers: The Civil War's Most Persistent Myth for the University of North Carolina Press. You can find them online at Civil War Memory and Twitter @kevinlevin.
Story highlights Study finds some short-term cognitive benefit to breastfeeding
Differences between breastfed and non-breastfed children lost by age five
(CNN) While the medical benefits of breastfeeding for helping newborns fight infections and helping pre-term infants get stronger are fairly well established, the long-term impact is much less so.
that breastfeeding has little impact on long-term cognitive development and behavior. While new mothers may debate what they believe to be long-term benefits, a new study published in the journal Pediatrics findsthat breastfeeding has little impact on long-term cognitive development and behavior.
The study followed 7,478 Irish children born full term, from the time they were 9 months old. They were then evaluated at three years and again at five years of age.
At three, the children's parents were asked to fill out questionnaires evaluating vocabulary and problem-solving skills to assess cognition and behavior. At age five, both parents and teachers were asked the same questions.
While the researchers found that those children who were breastfed for six months or more had lower rates of hyperactivity and improved problem-solving skills at three, those differences were negligible by the time the child turned five.
Read More
Coming off the production line in 9.17 is a branch of Swedish tank destroyers. All lightly armored, and therefore swift and mobile (unlike the majority of tank destroyers currently in the game), these newcomers will be able to occupy favourable positions first, deal solid damage with their powerful guns, and stay hidden thanks to their low silhouettes. As if that wasn't enough, tiers VIII–X have hydro-pneumatic suspension and can adjust their gun traverse and gun using their hulls. They bring some extra heat to the battlefield as they all feature two modes: travel and firing. Intrigued? Well, we were. So, we caught up with the Game Balance Team to get some extra details and offer you a sneak peek of the Swedish TDs:
Supertest is a process of testing a project at the early stages of completion. In it, we're checking whether a new version works and sniffing out the most critical issues. For World of Tanks, this is divided into two stages: first there are production tests of individual features, which happen during feature development (testing a new map, balancing a new vehicle, etc.); secondly, there are the version tests of full releases. Supertests are a great way of figuring out how game content works in a live environment with a small player pool. Usually, Supertests happen a month and a half before release. If version Supertests prove that the features are ready, it's onto Common Tests.
Update 9.17 is now officially underway and with it comes a full line-up of new features and content: two branches of Swedish tanks, overhauled ricochet and overmatch mechanics, a few new HD vehicles, reworked minimaps, and other tidbits. While teams across the studio are diligently getting the game ready for the Supertest, we're excited to shine a spotlight on each of the upcoming additions. Let's get to it.
Please keep in mind that this is a preliminary set of features for 9.17. The final set will be revealed just before release.
Another, hybrid branch starts with the first armored vehicles ever built by the Swedes, the light Strv fm/21, and introduces a variety of medium and heavy tanks. The three classic medium tanks revving their engines on tiers II–IV (Strv m/38, Strv m/40L, and Lago) are dynamic universal soldiers with good elevation arcs, perfect for newer tankers honing their combat skills and tactics.
Then, the real fun begins with the Strv m/42 (Tier V). Featuring exceptionally good gun depression (-15°), this mobile vehicle is a genuine stealth master, capable of picking off enemies and staying completely hidden on uneven terrain.
The Tier VI Strv 74 makes up for its poor mobility and thin armor with a powerful gun. Thanks to great gun depression (-15°) of Swedish tanks, it can take opponents out from afar and remain hidden. Prowling Tier VII is Leo who boasts the best dynamics and the biggest alpha damage for its tier, but lacks maneuverability and armor.
Sitting proud at tiers VIII–X, Swedish heavy tanks sport well-protected turrets, autoloader guns, and the nation's trademark gun depression, inspiring new tactics, gameplay, and clever use of the landscape. The Tier VIII Emil I is a tough nut to crack due to its thick frontal armor, decent mobility and speed, combined with an autoloader gun. Comparable to the AMX 50 120, the Tier IX Emil II outperforms its French brethren when it comes to frontal turret armor, and has better gun depression. Crowning the branch is Kranvagn with its well-armored turret, autoloader gun and excellent gun depression.
Revised Overmatch Mechanics – POSTPONED
IMPORTANT UPDATE: Based on your input from the 1st Common Test, we decided to postpone the overmatch and ricochet mechanics revision.
Designed to ensure enjoyable gameplay for tier VIII–X Swedish tank destroyers, the mechanics revision was shown to you during the Common Test. You generated an impressive amount of feedback, providing us with plenty of in-game data and a number of reasonable suggestions on the new setup. This feedback allowed us to conduct a quick analysis, which showed that the reworked rules could influence the overall game immensely. They could lead to some deeper changes to vehicles strong and weak spots: a lot more ricochets where chances of them used to be zero.
Just like you, we wouldn't want that. That's why we'll be taking some extra time to revise and fine-tune the mechanics thoroughly. We won't release them until we're sure they have been constructed intelligently and efficiently to reach our high standard of quality and without disrupting the gameplay fun.
Until we do, we'll stick to the old, time-proven mechanic for all vehicles including the tier VIII–X Swedish tank destroyers.
More on the Postponed Revision (Initial Plan) Collapse Hot on the tracks of the arrival of Swedish tanks comes a change to how ricochets function within the overmatch mechanic. Replacing the current system will be a single, simpler mechanic that takes into account both the impact angle and the shell caliber. This will boost the combat efficiency of highly-sloped tanks, including Swedish tank destroyers. With the impact angle included into the equation, overmatch will result in more normalization and a greater ricochet angle. The latter will depend on the caliber/nominal armor thickness ratio. Formulas asides, you'll be able to bounce high caliber shells with thin, but highly sloped armor if the impact angle is large, and be able to penetrate well-armored vehicles with shells that aren't x3 the armor thickness, if they strike the armor at a small impact angle. Let's say, you are firing at a 105mm armor plate with a 40mm gun. Under the current rules your chances of penetrating it is zero. Following the 9.17 release, all you have to do is aim so that your AP or APCR shell strikes the armor at the angle as close to the right angle as possible. And vice versa, knowing your weak spots and angling to maximize the impact angle will let you bounce enemy shells off thin armor. This new mechanic will come in extremely handy when Swedish tank destroyers roll out. . Collapse Expand
Changes to Premium Tanks
The work on game balance is in full swing. And with the salvo of tweaks coming in 9.17 we'll improve combat parameters of significantly underperforming Premium tanks. Thanks for being vocal about them! Your feedback combined with battle stats were instrumental in fine-tuning their characteristics.
Sounds
On the sound stage, we're back at it with a few improvements:
Those of you with 5.1\7.1 acoustic systems will get a preset available in the game Settings Screen
Locking onto a target will be followed by a sound notification
Finally, forget about going all the way to the Controls panel to turn a mic on; beginning in 9.17, you will be able to do it in the Sound tab
New Minimaps
Another seven minimaps are getting remastered visuals: Karelia, Pilsen, Sand River, Mountain Pass, Tundra, Windstorm, Winter Himmelsdorf. Get a first look in the gallery below:
Bitcoin Breaking News Brief Blockchain-Based Voting Could Fix Election Security in the United States
15 March 2016 – There's been a lot of contentious events surrounding privacy, encryption, and data security in the past few weeks covered in the media. With the US Presidential Primaries in full swing, and the presidential election looming closer on the horizon, few seem to be concerned with securing that most basic of civil liberties enjoyed in democratic nations: the right to vote. In the US, electronic voting machines, specifically the type manufactured by Election Systems & Software, are employed in the majority of US voting districts, and the security risks of their widespread deployment have been explored at length. Their issues are varied and they rely on a highly inefficient trust model. With Blockchain-based, cryptographically secure solutions becoming available, voters in the US should be discussing better options for ensuring their votes don't get tampered with.
Read also: Tor Fingerprinting Makes Tracking Anonymous Bitcoin Users Trivial
Insecure Voting in the US Should Raise Questions
The widely deployed Diebold Systems branded voting machines in the US are far from secure. Their trust model includes closed source hardware and software developers, internet service providers, poll workers, and literally anyone who is allowed voting-level access to said machines. Election Systems & Software reports a 60% market share in the US as of 2014. The ability of politically interested entities to alter a majority of voting machines in the US should send up immediate red flags.
Their security practices are so lax, in fact, that Avi Rubin, Professor of Computer Science at Johns Hopkins University described the process of hacking ES&S machines in detail back in 2004. While there isn't currently a plain-English whitepaper on tampering with their voting machines, their largest competitor's devices aren't significantly more secure, and neither company has radically changed their trust or privacy models to match the gravity of defending the democratic process.
Ensuring the vote isn't tampered with is a massive undertaking for any one central authority, and preventing fraudulent voting when around 92 million people each year have access to your hardware in a private setting makes the task seem next to impossible. These were valid arguments that make securing vote fraud look like a pipe-dream. I say ‘were valid' because decentralized, cryptographically secured, publicly auditable voting systems are available now. They utilize the Blockchain to achieve a reliable, accessible polling system that is next to impossible to tamper with.
The idea of blockchain voting isn't new either – Ukraine may be using e-Vox, an Ethereum based transparent voting solution for their elections in the near future. Blockchain Apparatus has developed a distributed ledger, cryptographically secured voting machine for use in the US market, though it hasn't gained much traction. Ironically enough, many representatives rallying against encryption have pushed for voter fraud prevention measures in the past, when the ideal solution seems incredibly unpalatable to them now.
More important than securing the voting process without adding barriers to entry is making the ballot process transparent to citizens. Votes tallied on a distributed ledger are not only immutable, but easily deliverable to provide proof that higher level tampering hasn't taken place. This type of tamper-proofing is even more important in representative democracies like the US, because it would make the electoral college more directly responsible to their constituents in a way that incentivises voters over campaign contributors.
Right now, Voting in the US is opaque, insecure, and easy to tamper with. This reality isn't likely to change for the presidential election this coming November. However, a lack of better solutions is no longer an argument that can be made for the status quo. Whether or not you live in the United States, or plan on voting in the coming Presidential Election, Blockchain voting is likely better than the process your nation employs for transparency, security, and its citizens. The right to vote is a civic duty anyone participates in a democracy should seek to protect, and the blockchain offers an excellent way to do it. Voters should be asking questions about how their government ensures their voice is heard, and what better time to do it than the run-up to the presidential election?
What place do you think the Blockchain has in the democratic process? Let us know in the comments.
Images courtesy of E-Vox, Wikimedia Commons
Archaeologists have identified the location of 11 lost cities thanks to a 4,000-year-old clay tablet, created by ancient merchants from the Assyrian Empire.
The tablets were uncovered in modern-day Turkey, at an ancient city known as Kanesh. The clay tablets detail trading posts from the middle easer kingdom of Assyria, reports the Washington Post.
The careful translation of the ancient clay texts has revealed something archaeologists never expected: The locations of ancient cities that have been long lost to the sands of time.
Written in ancient Cuneiform script—developed by the ancient Sumerians—the clay tablets detail a set of business transactions, accounts, seals, contracts and even marriage certificates.
As reported, the discovery has the potential to change our understanding of the ancient Assyrian Empire.
After deciphering and gathering all information, researchers began to delineate the possible locations mentioned on the clay tablets: the records give clues to the distance between the cities of Mesopotamia already discovered by archaeologists from those who have not yet found.
According to Harvard University's senior lecturer on Assyriology, Gojko Barjamovic, after studying the more than 12,000 clay plates found in Kanesh, it is possible to develop a kind of map of the cities of Mesopotamia from the data.
Now, archeologists would have to start digging at the estimated locations to find even more information about one of the first organized civilizations in History.
Experts believe they have already identified 26 of them; 15 of which have been found previously, but 11 ancient cities remain a mystery, eluding discovery.
It will take time to find the ancient cities as the clay tablets do not offer the exact coordinates of their location. However, thanks to a now-defunct trading method, archeologists believe they know where most of these lost cities are, nonetheless.
The researchers explained: “For a majority of the lost cities, our quantitative estimates come remarkably close to the qualitative conjectures produced by historians, corroborating both such historical models and our purely quantitative method.
“Moreover, in some cases where historians disagree on the likely location of a lost city, our quantitative method supports the conjecture of some historians and rejects that of others.”
The ancient clay tablets have revealed that Kanesh, once a small trading settlement, eventually became one of the most critical trading outposts of the region.
The tablets offer a trip into the past, as they detail how the city of Kanesh was a “flourishing market economy.”
The clay tablets have helped Barjamovic and three economists to develop an innovative way of pinpointing the locations of ancient cites.
The ancient records allowed experts to develop the so-called “structural gravity model” which offers a robust estimate as to where lost cities might be located.
Now, the only thing left to do is set out a number of archeological expeditions, and start excavating in hopes of discovering a dozen of long-lost ancient cities.
Source: TRADE, MERCHANTS, AND THE LOST CITIES OF THE BRONZE AGE
Reference: Ancient data, modern math and the hunt for 11 lost cities of the Bronze Age
Featured image: Shutterstock
has started to develop a bit of a reputation as an action hero these days, while still managing to mix things up with other genres, showing their diversity as an actor.
Chris Pine stars in Into the Woods
Next up for Chris Pine is the movie Into the Woods, which was filmed towards the back-end of last year and will hit the big screen later in the year. Chris has been talking about Into the Woods, admitting that they had a great time filming the movie and has high hopes for the project.
Pine explained, "One of the best experiences to date of my professional life. It's stunning - it's going to look beautiful. Dion Beebe shot it - who shot Memoirs of a Geisha and Collateral. It's shot beautifully. Colleen Atwood did the costume design - Colleen Atwood is Colleen Atwood! It's got Meryl Streep and Johnny Depp and Anna Kendrick - I think it's quite extraordinary. I don't want to jinx anything, but it was so much fun to make - it felt like a real kind of summer stock theatre company coming together and it was just great fun."
Chris Pine in Star Trek role
As well as starring Chris Pine, Johnny Depp, Meryl Streep and Anna Kendrick, Into the Woods also stars Emily Blunt, Lucy Punch and James Corden . Into the Woods is directed by Rob Marshall and will open on December 25 in the US, before then landing in the UK on January 9, 2015.
Star Trek Into Darkness actorhas come a long way since their romantic comedy days, appearing in a number of big movies in recent years, putting in some solid performances along the way.
Businessweek: The Oil Lobby's Playbook Against California's Climate Law
A PowerPoint deck now being circulated by climate activists -- a copy of which was sent to Bloomberg Businessweek -- suggests that there is a conspiracy. Or, if you prefer, a highly coordinated, multi-state coalition that does not want California to succeed at moving off fossil fuels because that might set a nasty precedent for everyone else.
Created by the Western States Petroleum Association, one of the most powerful oil and gas lobbies in the U.S., the slides and talking points come from a Nov. 11 presentation to the Washington Research Council. The PowerPoint deck details a plan to throttle AB 32 (also known as the California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006) and steps to thwart low carbon fuel standards in California, Oregon, and Washington state.
MIT Technology Review: Why Apple Ditched Sapphire Glass From GT Advanced Technologies
In the year leading up to the release of the iPhone 6, Apple invested more than $1 billion in an effort to make sapphire one of the device's big selling points. Making screens out of the nearly unscratchable material would have helped set the new phone apart from its competitors.
When Apple announced the iPhone 6 this September, however, it didn't have a sapphire screen, only a regular glass one. And a month later, the small New Hampshire-based company chosen to supply Apple with enormous quantities of cheap sapphire, GT Advanced Technologies, declared bankruptcy.
Bloomberg: Wisconsin Utility Sought Solar Fees After Regulator Advised CEO
A solar industry group appealing a decision to impose the most expensive solar fees in the U.S. said a Wisconsin regulator violated rules barring communication about pending cases.
Ellen Nowak, a regulator for the Wisconsin Public Service Commission, and Wisconsin Energy Corp. Chief Executive Officer Gale Klappa participated in a panel together at a utility industry conference in June. Them discussions with Klappa at the conference should have disqualified them from voting on a pending rate case, said Bryan Miller, a co-chairperson of the Alliance for Solar Choice.
Guardian: World Bank to Focus Future Investment on Clean Energy
The World Bank will invest heavily in clean energy and only fund coal projects in “circumstances of extreme need” because climate change will undermine efforts to eliminate extreme poverty, says its president Jim Yong Kim.
Talking ahead of a U.N. climate summit in Peru next month, Kim said they were alarmed by World Bank-commissioned research from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany, which said that as a result of past greenhouse gas emissions, the world is condemned to unprecedented weather events.
Renewables International: How a Solar Eclipse Would Impact Germany's Solar Production
German renewables professor Volker Quaschning has had their students investigate next year's solar eclipse to see how the power sector will manage the event. No real problems are expected, but we now have a video showing what the event will be like. Gas turbines are especially important.
Last year we launched the C++ Best Practices repository. It's an aggregator of some known C++ rules guides:
Google Style Guide.
jsf air vehicle c++ coding standards.
Effective Modern C++ from Scott Meyers.
POCO coding standards.
And also many rules were added by the C++ community. The goal of this repository is not to be just an aggregator of other guides. But to discover which ones are the most popular by providing the possibility to vote them. It helped us also to identify which rules we must add to our default CppDepend rules checking.
After one year here are the three most popular
The most popular one is basic, and the result after applying it is very interesting. Indeed the known compilers gcc, Clang and the Microsoft compiler provide much useful diagnostics to improve your C++ code. And even if you use the Microsoft compiler and you can compile your code base using Clang or gcc, I recommend trying doing it. You will get more useful diagnostics.
The two others rules are also basic, and every developer could apply them easilly, no need to have an advanced C++ skill to understand them like some other rules, and after applying them the code become more clean and easy to understand.
In the other side here are the less popular ones:
Exceptions is one of the controversy mechanism in C++, some known open source projects contributors chose to not use them and explain why in their style guide like the case with the C++ google projects.
Maybe the order of these rules does not reflect the C++ community choices because there are not enough votes. But what's sure is that most developers choose always the basic rules, it's easy to apply them and the result is generally very interesting.
To resume keep it simple and do not hesitate to apply at least the most basic best practices rules to let your code base clean and easy to maintain and understand.
A young Saudi Arabian woman was murdered by their father for chatting on the social network site Facebook, it has emerged.
The unnamed woman from Riyadh was beaten and shot after they were discovered in the middle of an online conversation with a man, the al-Arabiya website reported.
The case was reported on a Saudi Arabian news site as an example of the "strife" the social networking site is causing in the Islamic nation.
Saudi preacher Ali al-Maliki has emerged as the leading critic of Facebook, claiming the network is corrupting the youth of the nation.
"Facebook is a door to lust and young women and men are spending more on their mobile phones and the Internet than they are spending on food," they said.
The woman was murdered in August but their death was highlighted following Maliki's comments.
Social customs and religious rules oblige women in Saudi Arabia to cover their head and figure with a veil so that men are not distracted by the female form.
Critics also allege that Facebook is an avenue for the promotion of homosexual relations in Saudi Arabia. More than 6,500 people have signed the online petition in a bid to stop the conservative Muslim kingdom following Syria in banning access to the network from local internet servers.
There are estimated to be more than 30,000 Facebook users in the oil-rich kingdom. Many Saudi women use nicknames and post comic images or drawings on their pages instead of photographs. Some Saudi bloggers have dubbed the network "Faceless".
Women users' contact details and email addresses are often pseudonymous. The popularity of sites for singles has broken taboos on people making contact outside family and class connections.
One of the most popular Facebook groups among Saudi Arabian youth is Single and Looking in Saudi Arabia, which has 1,823 members and hosts many sexually explicit images.
While you are virtually asleep, relax your arms completely.
Do so till you cannot feel what is underneath them.
Now, focus on moving one hand upwards.
But do so without actually letting your arm move.
Make sure it is completely relaxed.
If done correctly, your arm will move without the movement of muscles.
To begin with, choose an object.
Now hold it comfortably.
Sit in a relaxed manner and breathe effortlessly, do not strain yourself too much.
Now close your eyes.
Relax your mind and body, remove all the thoughts, anxieties and worries and try to keep your mind blank.
Divert your energies and concentrate on the object in your hand.
Run your fingers over the surface of the object slowly and try to feel its energy.
When you start feeling there is no separation between you and the chosen object, you will be able to bend it with the flow of energy.
Developing telekinesis is not a simple task. If you are in the initial stages and are not very sure about your powers, bear in mind that it may take a while before you get to see the results.
While in the process, just continue practicing and do not concentrate on what may or may not happen.
Relaxation is an important aspect.
Stop if you feel exhausted.
Direct all your attention on the process.
It is recommended to start with light objects initially like feathers or paper.
Telekinesis or Psychokinesis (PK), is the ability to move or re-shape objects (bend spoons or keys) with the energies of the mind by just focusing on them. If you feel you possess telekinetic powers, you can do a simple test for yourself. The name 'Psychokinesis' is derived from the Greek words, which can be translated to life or soul + to move. In telekinesis, physical energy is combined with chi to get the desired results. Chi is nothing but the universal life force. It cannot happen just by wishing that it happens. A lot of practice is required as you need to gather all your energies into one entity. This ability is at times referred as 'mind over matter' as this power can move things or change the property of physical things, solely with the power of the mind. Of all the psychic abilities, telekinesis is said to be the rarest. Very few people exhibit this ability and even they have been viewed very skeptically.But how do you know whether you are capable of telekinetic abilities? How can you test if there are some special powers deep within you that are waiting to be explored and nurtured? Many parapsychologists say that the ability to move objects or change their physical ability is due to the physical influence of the brain on the physical world. Cosmically we are all intertwined, we are all connected in some way or another. How all these activities are possible remains a major puzzle but they are a number of theories. One theory tries to explain the phenomenon through quantum connection. It comes within the area of the complex laws of quantum mechanics and subatomic parts. Another theory relates it to the magnetic field around the body. If this energy is concentrated in specific areas, then telekinesis can occur.Everyone has the potential to move or bend objects with their subconscious mind. It is created with the help of higher levels of consciousness. Many do not realize they possess such powers or do not know how to use telekinesis. Below are ways in which you can do a test and unravel your inner abilities and become aware of the immeasurable powers of your mind. If you want to know whether or not you possess it, you need to understand that the powers cannot be acquired in a day or two. Prerequisite is a calm mind devoid of absolutely any thought and a lot of patience. You can try the below exercise to help you with telekinesis testing. You can begin with an initial psychokinesis (PK) test.This exercise can be used as a training exercise for beginners as well.If you want to attempt moving or bending an object, you need to start with smaller, lighter objects. Do not attempt to move large or heavy objects.It will take some practice and perseverance to develop psychic abilities like telekinesis.The above methods will assist you in unraveling the hidden facets of your mind. Telekinesis is indeed a fascinating phenomenon. But let me remind you, that believing is the key to master this art.
Metal Gear Solid and Death Stranding creator Hideo Kojima shares their thoughts on Nintendo's innovative new console/handheld hybrid device, the Nintendo Switch.
While some are worried that the Nintendo Switch launch lineup may be lacking, there's no denying that Nintendo has amassed an impressive list of third-party partners to create games for the console. However, one big name studio absent from Nintendo's list of over 70 partners is the new Kojima Productions, which is busy working on the PS4 exclusive Death Stranding. Fans should know that Hideo Kojima themselves has recently expressed their opinion on the Nintendo Switch, and their enthusiasm for the console could be a hint that they may develop a Switch game in the future.
Speaking to IGN, Kojima said that the the concept of the Nintendo Switch – the ability to play a game on a TV and then take it outside as a handheld – was previously found in some games they helped develop for PlayStation consoles. As some may recall, some Kojima Productions titles that were available on both PS3 and PS Vita could utilize a feature called “transfarring,” which allowed players to easily transfer their game save from their console to their handheld for gaming on the go.
Kojima also compared Nintendo's console/handheld hybrid system to the digital movement in film and television, where consumers can purchase a physical copy of a product and often receive a free code for the digital version. This allows people to start a movie on their couch, and then continue watching on a mobile device with the copy they downloaded to their phone or tablet.
“The fact you can play something at home and take it outside, this is the gamer's dream.”
While some may be weary about the Nintendo Switch, especially after the Wii U's sales woes, Hideo Kojima seems to think that it is an important next step for the future of gaming. Kojima said that the Switch is the predecessor to a gaming future where everything is cloud-based, and players are able to “play everything, on every device, anywhere.”
It seems as though Hideo Kojima has high expectations for the Nintendo Switch, but they aren't the only one that is expecting great things from the device. Some analysts are already predicting that it will perform far better than the Wii U did, with some estimates as high as 40 million units sold in just four years. If the Switch does reach 40 million units sold in four years, it would be selling about as well as its chief competition, the PS4 and Xbox One.
The Nintendo Switch could mean big things for the gaming industry if Nintendo is able to support it with a steady stream of games and if third-party developers like Hideo Kojima decide to invest in the device. If the Nintendo Switch catches on like many expect it to, it wouldn't be out of the question to see a future title from the Metal Gear Solid and Death Stranding creator Hideo Kojima release for the system.
Nintendo Switch will be available on March 3rd.
One of President Obama's chief political assets has been their ability to excite young people like almost no politician in history. But the days of America's youth fawning over the president are over.
A new Harvard University Institute of Politics poll released Wednesday confirms what other surveys have shown in recent months: Millennials have soured on Obama so much this year that their opinion of them largely mirrors the American public's.
Even though Obama does not ever have to face another election, they should be worried about the findings for a couple of reasons, which we will dive into momentarily.
First, let's take a look at what the data show.
Only 41 percent of 18-to-29-year-olds say they approve of the job Obama is doing, according to the Harvard IOP poll, down 11 percentage points from April. Fifty-four percent say they disapprove. It's Obama's worst showing in the survey since becoming president. What's more, a majority of 18-to-24-year-olds say they would recall (!) the president if given a chance.
Other surveys have also shown steep declines in support for the president among young Americans. Obama's approval rating among 18-to-29-year-olds has dropped 23 points from the beginning of the year in Washington Post-ABC News polling, from 66 to 43 percent. Gallup's polling has shown a nearly identical decline.
What it means is that young people now view the president in largely the same light as the larger pool of all adults. Just take a look at this chart from Harvard IOP which maps Obama's approval rating among the young in their poll against their numbers among all adults according to Gallup.
The next logical question is why this matters for Obama's agenda. After all, he's run their last race.
The biggest issue on Obama's plate right now is the implementation of this health-care law, which has gotten off to a very rocky start. The law's success or failure will pivot heavily on young people. The Obama administration needs some 40 percent of those who sign up for new plans via the exchanges to be under 35, in order to keep premiums low and make the Affordable Care Act work as designed.
The thing is, only 29 percent of uninsured 18-to-29-year olds say they will definitely (13 percent) or likely (16 percent) enroll in new plans via the exchanges, the Harvard IOP poll shows.
Overall, the young simply don't like what they see when it comes to Obamacare. Young people disapprove of the law, believe it will make them pay more for health care and on balance see it making their quality of care worse rather than better.
One important thing worth noting: Young people have turned against Obama before and they survived. They went through it in 2011 and 2012, as the following chart shows. Despite that, Obama still carried a whopping 60 percent of the youth vote in 2012, not that far of their 66 percent clip in 2008.
So if young voters soured on Obama during their first term but largely came home and backed them in 2012, what is the impact of their latest downturn in popularity? One consequence is disengagement. Three-quarters of younger Americans say they don't consider themselves politically engaged and only 34 percent say they'll "definitely" vote in the 2014 midterm elections, the Harvard IOP poll shows. These are voters Democrats need to win key Senate and House seats, so their lagging participation could exact a toll.
To be clear, young voters continue to side with Democrats more than Republicans, and it's likely Democrats will continue to hold a significant advantage among younger voters in presidential contests where they are motivated to vote by the campaign.
But Obama's concern is no longer the presidential election. It's what happens with their health-care law and what happens at the ballot box in 2014. Since these are Obama's proprieties, the extent to which their support among the young has eroded is nothing but bad news for him.
With the growing dissatisfaction of the two-party system, more and more Americans are ditching their party identification and turning independent. A 2015 Gallup Governance survey found that 27 percent of the electorate can be characterized as libertarian—outnumbering conservatives (26 percent) and liberals (23 percent).
This makes them a highly coveted voting bloc, and one that Hillary Clinton needs to win over in order to prevent a Donald Trump presidency.
Reason editor-in-chief Nick Gillespie found delegates at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, PA to see if they could convince them why libertarians should vote for Clinton in November or if they're better off with a third option.
Approximately 3 minutes.
Produced by Zach Weissmueller. Camera and graphics by Joshua Swain. Interviews by Nick Gillespie.
Scroll down for downloadable versions. Subscribe to Reason TV's YouTube channel for daily content like this.
Ed Gillespie in 2012 on “Face the Nation.” (CBS)
The Virginia gubernatorial primary on Tuesday delivered good news for Democrats and an ominous warning for the Trump-ized GOP. Democratic turnout was through the roof with more than 543,000 votes. GOP turnout was about 366,000. The more establishment Democrat, Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, won by a much bigger margin (56 percent to 44 percent) than expected. Republican Ed Gillespie, who had led by double digits in polling, won by slightly more than 1 percent. (A margin of less than one percent would have triggered an automatic recount.) Gillespie's opponent Corey Stewart, a demagogue on immigration who made an issue over taking down Confederate monuments, vastly over-performed in their primary, just as President Trump did in the 2016 campaign season. Gillespie, who vastly outspent their opponents, wound up with about 160,000 votes, almost 80,000 votes fewer than the loser in the Democratic primary.
It may be that in the age of Trump, the Republican Party risks shriveling or splintering outside deep-red strongholds. Moderate Republicans in Tuesday's primary might well have crossed over (allowed in a state with no registration by party) to vote in the Democratic primary for Northam, thereby boosting their margin and gravely damaging Gillespie. If this becomes a pattern outside Virginia, the GOP will be in deep trouble in 2018 and beyond.
Rick Wilson, a GOP operative and high-profile #NeverTrumper, noted that Gillespie made a hard-right turn on immigration and even on Confederate monuments at the end. “Ed chased Trumpism, and Stewart was the real deal to Trumpers,” Wilson explained. “By doing that, even if Ed survives the vote (and possible recount) he's going to have trouble winning in Northern Virginia now.” The latter has become the barrier to the GOP in Virginia statewide races. If it cannot make inroads into populous suburban counties with more moderates and college-educated voters, statewide races become unwinnable for Republicans. Wilson wisecracked that “‘the precious Confederacy!' isn't a winning message.”
Gillespie barely scraped by, but in sprinting to their right to beat Stewart, they risk doing much worse in Northern Virginia counties than they did in their surprisingly strong 2014 Senate race against Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.). The loss of a chunk of voters in bigger population centers likely won't be made up by downstate voters who picked Stewart in the primary, not believing that Gillespie was Trumpian enough.
Virginia may be an outlier — at least, that is what Republicans hope. If not, a significant party realignment may take shape in Georgia's 6th Congressional District special election next week and in the 2018 House and Senate races. Moderates, women, college-educated voters and suburbanites could decide to exit the Trump GOP in droves. If the party is now the party of Confederate monuments and anti-immigrant hysteria, then it will become untenable for such former Republicans, an anathema to their sense of fairness, tolerance and rationality. They then may head for the Democratic Party. If they do, the GOP will be at risk in the sort of seats in which Trump vastly under-performed in comparison with Mitt Romney in 2012 and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) in 2008.
Democrats will need to avoid going far left in order to benefit from GOP defections. They will also need a positive message that offers traditional Democrats and newly alienated Republicans an alternative to Trump-Stewart Republicans. They have time — and with a possible win next week in Georgia and in Virginia in November, they may get a shot in the arm from donors and newly recruited candidates anxious to compete against flagging Republicans. In short, Trump may do for Democrats what President Barack Obama did for Republicans — give them a new lease on life.
Good news for the folks over at Aimpoint: they've just won a contract to supply the U.S. Army with 30,000 M68 Close Combat Optics (M68CCO), otherwise known as the CompM4s sight to civilians. The contract is for an unspecified amount. These new M68CCOs will come with a killFlash anti-reflection device, rubber lens covers, and adapters that allow them to be used on all variants of the M16, M4 and light machine guns like the M240 and M249.
“Aimpoint has been a trusted supplier to the U.S. Armed Forces since 1997. With the troops counting on us to build the best sights in the world, it's a job we all take very seriously,” Aimpoint president Brian Lisankie said in a statement. “The CompM4s is the standard by which all other reflex sights are measured. These optics are designed to function with complete reliability and accuracy under the harshest conditions, and do so with near-legendary levels of ruggedness and dependability.”
Here's a breakdown of features, via the official product site, of the Aimpoint CompM4s.
Low battery compartment
Compatible with every generation of NVD
ACET technology allows up to 80,000 hours (over 8 years) of daytime operation on one AA battery
Internal voltage regulator allows the CompM4 to be used with any AA size battery
7 NVD settings and 9 daylight settings
QRP2 mount has twice the clamping force of the original QRP, and the mounting knob is wider and shorter to improve operation and lower the risk of snagging on other gear
Mount base is keyed into to the body of the sight to absorb recoil
Mount base screws directly into the sight – no separate sight ring required.
500,000 hours of use on NVD setting
2 MOA dots for close combat and long distance engagement
Matches perfectly with Aimpoint 3XMag
Unequalled light transmission
Front lens opening is threaded for addition of killFlash anti-reflective device
Submersible to 150 feet (45 meters)
Vertical spacer included
Type classified as the U.S. Army's new M68CCO
Improved adjustment caps are easier to remove and protected against impact
Can be used with a carry handle adapter for use on all M16 rifles
Mechanical switch for speed and reliability
For more information about Aimpoint, visit http://us.aimpoint.com.
A renewed Palestinian drive to persuade the UN Security Council to condemn Israeli settlements is aimed at removing what they claim to be the biggest obstacle to peace and boosting French efforts to broker an agreement, the Palestinian UN envoy said on Tuesday.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Riyad Mansour, permanent Palestinian observer to the United Nations, told a small group of reporters that Arab delegations have received the draft resolution.
They said the point of putting the draft about Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem and the West Bank forward was "to keep the hope alive, to remove this obstacle from the path of peace, to open doors for peace, (and) to try to help the French initiative to stand on its feet."
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas (Photo: AP)
With US efforts to broker a two-state solution in tatters since 2014 and Washington focused on this year's election, France has been lobbying countries to commit to a conference that would get Israelis and Palestinians back to negotiations about ending their conflict.
Mansour said Washington vetoed a similar resolution about Israel's settlements five years ago because of fears it would undermine peace talks. But now, they noted, there are no peace talks.
In February 2011, the United States voted against a draft resolution condemning Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory, though it said at the time that its opposition should not be misunderstood as support for settlement activity.
The United States considers Israeli settlements on land the Palestinians want for a future state to be illegitimate.
Washington has not offered substantive comment on the new Palestinian draft, which has fueled speculation in Israeli media that the United States is undecided about whether to use its veto this time.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will be in New York next week to sign the Paris climate agreement.  They are expected to meet with French President Francois Hollande on the sidelines, diplomats say, and will likely discuss the Palestinian draft resolution.
So far Egypt, the sole Arab council member, has not formally introduced the text.
Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations Danny Danon last week reacted sharply to Israeli media reports about a possible Palestinian draft resolution on settlements.
"The Palestinians must understand that there are no shortcuts," they said in a statement. "The only way to promote negotiations starts by them condemning terrorism and stopping the incitement, and ends with direct negotiations between the two sides."
A Waffle House in Piedmont, South Carolina mistakenly charged Jim Andrews and their wife $1,666.61 for their breakfast. As reported by WHNS Fox Carolina, the correct charge should have been $16.51. But when Jim got to the cashier they had a surprise on their credit card receipt. “So I sign it, and I look at it again, and it says $1666.61. I almost had a heart attack,” said Jim.
The erroneous receipt (WHNS) More
The customer explained to WHNS that they kept their cool, but was still unable to get the issue resolved with the Waffle House cashier, who was arguing with him. “One of the other waiteres said that the ‘6' on the machine was sticking...If I had known that in advance, I would have just paid with cash.”
Jim Andrews (WHNS) More
Jim ended up leaving the restaurant and eventually spoke to the Waffle House Corporate Office about the error. After several days, Waffle House reversed the erroneous charge. While they had enough to cover the pending charge, Jim was most frustrated with the fact that they had to go through the chain's corporate office to reach the restaurant's manager.
(WHNS) More
Kelly Thrasher, from Waffle House media relations gave WHNS a statement that read: "Our accounting department spoke with Mr. Andrews this morning to apologize and correct the matter. During the conversation, Mr. Andrews confirmed that the money was in their account this morning. Both the store manager and the area manager have left voicemails for Mr. Andrews to offer their assistance in the matter. No other incidents of this nature have been brought to my attention."
After the ordeal, Jim gave these words of advice: "Make sure you look at these receipts carefully." Still, they were able to maintain a good spirit about the situation. They laughed and said, “I still got charged for the meal. Would have been nice if they'd have give that back.”
Video and more info: WHNS
PubNub has built a business around offering APIs that let developers stream different services such as messaging and other interactive services in their apps and websites. Today it's adding a new module that focuses specifically on Bitcoin, the cryptocurrency du jour.
If you go to PubNub's new site for the service, called the Bitcoin Exchange Solution Kit, you will see that its own demonstration of the service is being powered with data from MtGox, one of the biggest of the Bitcoin exchanges. MtGox is one of PubNub's customers, it turns out, and its use of PubNub to power the streaming on its own homepage, along with the rise in interest in Bitcoin, are the two main forces that prompted the new solution.
Its the third big product launch from PubNub since the company announced an $11 million raise in September. The other two were a solution kit for WebRTC; and serverless access control.
Todd Greene, PubNub's CEO and co-founder, declined to tell me in what currency MtGox pays its PubNub bills, or any other details about the service, for that matter, including how long it has been working with MtGox. Or what size MtGox's business represents for PubNub. The company has around 500 large customers (which include companies like Rebtel, Viggle, GetTaxi, Humble Bundle, StageIT, Spreecast, Celly, Monotype, Class Dojo, Coca-Cola and others) Greene says, and it currently delivers real-time data to some 150 million devices per month. “That's a bigger number than any single Bitcoin exchange,” they said. Their company at the moment does not transact in Bitcoin.
What they did do was point me to MtGox's developer page on the service, first quietly posted about two weeks ago, which notes that it opted for PubNub “due to the difficulty to cope with the kind of volumes of data [needed] to broadcast real-time while keeping a reliable service.”
The page also describes a list of public channels created on the PubNub API that can be accessed by third party developers that use Bitcoin data.
The new solution kit covers a few different areas, PubNub says:
— Real time public pricing data stream for financial streams that can be sent to “millions of devices in less than ¼ of a second without the need for any costly servers or configuration.”
— Transaction and pricing history, which encrypts private data streams.
— Secure streaming channels to users.
— Community message board features such as user detection and collaboration.
— User analytics for exchanges to track trade volume, pricing, geographical information and more over time.
— PubNub guarantees that network sockets remain open to any device “so Bitcoin pricing data and trades are delivered in under ¼ of second anywhere in the world.”
Bitcoin — a cryptocurrency whose supporters believe it offers a viable, more efficient and scalable way of paying for things than more traditional fiat currencies — has also been the subject of a lot of criticism for being a bubble currency only being pushed ahead by speculators.
Large organizations like Apple have, notably, not been very warm on it up to now, and in any mass-market consumer context, it's still marginal.
Still, prominent people who have based much of their modus operandi on making big bets on the future are bullish on bitcoin. Andreessen Horowitz recently named a new partner, Balaji Srinivasan, specifically to focus on it and other disruptive forces that touch the technology world like drones, 3d printing and genetic testing.
Regardless of whether it's healthy growth or speculation fuelling the rush around bitcoin, it's proving to be a very hot commodity right now. PubNub estimates that Bitcoin transactions are now exceeding 100,000 per a day, and its value now bobs above $1,000, compared to $13 only a year ago.
A short post by me today. I wanted to look at the which states are important in winning the national election. Looking at the last 14 presidential elections, I generated the following correlation plot:
For those not familiar with how correlation plots work, the number bar on the right-hand-side of the graph indicates the correlation between a state on the left side with a state at the top, with the last row and column respectively indicating the national presidential election winner. Dark blue circles representing a correlation close to 1, indicate a strong relationship between the two variables, while orange-to-red circles representing a correlation close to -1 indicate a strong anti-correlation between the two variables, while almost white circles indicate no correlation between the two variables.
For example, one can see there is a very strong correlation between who wins Nevada and the winner of the national election. Indeed, Nevada has picked the last 13 of 14 U.S. Presidents. Darker blue circles indicate a strong correlation, while lighter orange-red circles indicate a weak correlation. This also shows the correlation between winning states. For example, from the plot above, candidates who win Alabama have a good chance of winning Mississippi or Wyoming, but virtually no chance of winning California.
This could serve as a potential guide in determining which states are extremely important to win during the election season!
Advertisements
A place for anyone with mixed Asian ancestry (white/Asian, black/Asian, latino or latina/Asian, native/Asian, ancestry from multiple Asian countries, etc.) to come together and talk in peace. We are here to discuss our cultures. Constructive criticism of ideas and lively, civilized debate is encouraged!
r/mixedasians is meant to be a welcoming, positive community for those who want to discuss being mixed Asian. Please simply go to another subreddit if you dislike the way this sub is being run. YOU CAN AND WILL BE BANNED WITHOUT WARNING IF:
you post anything racist
you post anything sexist
you verbally attack another user's character instead of criticizing their viewpoints in a civil manner
you purposefully start inflammatory arguments
you use sockpuppet accounts
you are overwhelmingly negative
basically, just don't be an asshole
Related Subs:
Law enforcement claims it is so hampered by security measures on electronic communications that it hurts efforts to track down criminals, and has called for tech companies to give them a so-called backdoor. The tech and security industries says there's no way to do that without also giving hackers a foot in.
This debate, which was revived by recent terrorist attacks, continued to play out this week on Capitol Hill as Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey said the agency has not been able to unlock the mobile phone of one of the attackers in the San Bernardino, Calif. shooting that killed 14 people.
On Wednesday, two members of congress introduced a bipartisan bill that would stop states from requiring tech companies to build back doors into electronic communications for law enforcement, calling it an issue that requires a national decision.
Encryption scrambles messages so only the parties involved (and sometimes the companies at hand) can read them. Law enforcement officials, like Comey, have said the technology helps criminals go “dark” and that security should be weakened so they can get a better view of text messages and other electronic communications.
There's no evidence that recent terror attacks, like those in San Bernardino or Paris, could've been prevented if law enforcement had this kind of access.
New York State Assemblyman Matthew Titone introduced a bill last month seeking to require that devices sold in the state are able to be unlocked by the manufacturer or operating system provider. A California lawmaker has introduced a similar bill.
The bill introduced in Congress Wednesday seeks to prohibit states from issuing such laws on what the sponsors of the legislation call a national issue.
“Apple and Google can't make a smartphone just for California and New York, and then a different one for Colorado and Wyoming,” says Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.), who co-sponsored the bill.
“Whether one supports or opposes weakening encryption systems with a backdoor key, they can support this bill because all it says is that this issue needs to be decided at the federal level and that states cannot make this decision themselves,” Lieu says. The bill is co-sponsored by Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-Texas).
Lieu majored in computer science at Stanford University. Like many in the technology and security industries, they are against the concept of mandating backdoors. “It's technologically impossible to have a backdoor only for the FBI,” they say.
”I f our government can't keep secret 20-something million security records, the most highly sensitive data the government has, no one should have any confidence our government can keep secret a backdoor encryption key,” Lieu added, referencing the Office of Personnel Management data breach disclosed last year.
Read: The fight against ISIS: What role should technology companies play?
Law enforcement claims that terrorists are “going dark” by hiding their communications from investigations through encrypted technology are overstated, researchers at Harvard University's Berkman Center for Internet & Society concluded in a report released Feb. 1. Law enforcement has a greater range of surveillance options thanks to modern technology, the report said, and “communications in the future will neither be eclipsed into darkness nor illuminated without shadow.” The Internet of Things, a name applied to objects connected to the Internet, provide an opportunity for law enforcement to watch suspects, as does metadata. (Metadata is information such as the header of an email that says who is sending and receiving a message, and location data from a cell phone.)
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
As President Donald Trump considers whether to certify to Congress the controversial 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, word that the United Nations' nuclear watchdog can't verify a crucial part of the agreement could tip the scales with time running out by the middle of next month.
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley indicated Thursday that Russia was shielding Iran by blocking the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from verifying part of the deal. The IAEA initially revealed the news to a reporter in a Q&A. Meanwhile, under a requirement from Congress, Trump must choose whether to certify the deal by October 15.
Yukiya Amano, the IAEA Director General, told Reuters that their agency's “tools are limited,” regarding verification of section T in the nuclear deal.
Section T of the Iran nuclear deal, which is also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), prohibits activities related to “design and development” of a nuclear weapon.
Amano told Reuters that the Russians don't believe the IAEA has a mandate for that particular section of the agreement.
In response to their admission, Haley, not referring to Russia by name in their statement, said that for the deal to have meaning, “the parties must have a common understanding of its terms.”
“Now it appears that some countries are attempting to shield Iran from even more inspections. Without inspections, the Iran deal is an empty promise,” they said in the statement released Thursday.
The United States Mission to the U.N. when asked for further comment on Haley's views on certification and on whether the deal is failing because of Iranian noncompliance referred Fox News to Haley's latest statement and a speech they made to the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) in Washington, D.C. in September.
Haley's AEI speech was broadly interpreted as laying out the administration's case for not certifying the Iran Nuclear deal.
Congress requires the president to certify the Iran deal every 90 days under the terms of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act (INARA) — also known as the Corker-Cardin bill — that was passed in 2015, paving the way for the Iran nuclear deal, a cornerstone of the Obama administration's foreign policy legacy.
David Albright, who has advised the IAEA in the past, is the founder and president of the Institute for Science and International Security in Washington D.C. They told Fox News that Russia's not wanting to let the IAEA verify section T could be problematic.
“Amano basically said that the IAEA is not implementing the verification of section T and is unsure how to proceed. They want guidance from the Joint Commission. However, Russia has said it does not want the IAEA to verify section T. If it sticks to that position in the Joint Commission and blocks instructions to the IAEA to proceed with verifying Section T, and the IAEA does not act on its own to verify Section T or find a workaround, then the verification of the JCPOA is incomplete and the deal is not fully implemented,” they said.
“Full implementation is a requirement for the President to certify under INARA (Corker-Cardin). Lack of verification of Section T would also demonstrate that the deal does not deliver like promised and promoted by deal supporters,” Albright told Fox News.
Omri Ceren, a veteran Middle East expert and a leading critic of the Iran deal, said the IAEA's inability to verify this part of it should make the president's decision on certification simple.
“There's no wiggle room here. The law requires the president to tell Congress yes or no, do we know if Iran has ‘fully implemented' the deal? The U.N.'s nuclear watchdog just said they don't know if Iran has implemented the section of the deal about nuclear weapons' work, because Iran won't let them into military bases where that work is likely to occur. Advocates of the Iran deal are saying the president should certify anyway. They're asking them to lie to Congress on behalf of the deal,” Ceren said.
Trump recently hinted that they might not certify when the 90 days is up on October 15. Since taking office they have twice certified the deal as required by Congress.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JACKSON TWP., Ohio --The high school basketball coach accused of secretly videotaping students as they showered has pleaded not guilty.
Scott Studer, 46, of Massillon, is charged with six counts of illegal use of minority in nudity oriented material, a second degree felony. They face 2-8 years on each charge.
Studer is the head first-year student basketball coach and building aid at Jackson High School. They have allegedly videotaped students in the boys' locker room since 2005.
"He brought cameras in with them and used those cameras when they were in the locker room," Chief Dave Zink of the Jackson Township Police Department said.
Zink said Studer would set up the secret cameras when they had access to the locker room, and the cameras were not there all the time.
Many current and former students are concerned their images are on those tapes.
"I mean that's really the major appalling thing about the whole situation is, what if I'm on there? What is a bunch of people are on there?" said former Jackson High School football player Nic Joy, a junior, who said they have showered in the same locker room.
"Everybody's concerns here are our boys in those videos and what was occurring," said Shayne Rowland, a parent of two of Studer's former basketball players.
According to the Jackson Twp. Police Department, detectives assisted United States Postal Inspectors in the execution of a search warrant at Studer's home on Pin Oak Drive in Massillon around 6:15 a.m. on Wednesday where they allegedly found the videos of the students showering.
At a news conference Wednesday afternoon, police said they are going through the tapes trying to identify any victims. They said there is nothing at this time to indicate that Studer shared or traded the images with anyone.
The news conference was packed with visibly shaken parents and students.
"[Studer] did tell parents last year during a parent meeting that all the kids must shower after every practice and every game, every home game," parent Dave Grider said.
Police said they searched the school after Studer was arrested and did not find any other cameras.
Superintendent Chris DiLoreto said Studer has submitted their resignation. They say in 25 years, there has been nothing notable on Studer's record that would have alarmed them.
Some parents were upset that the school did not notify them of the allegations, and they found out about Studer's arrest through media reports or their children.
Studer has been booked into the Stark County Jail.
Police said the post office is investigating a separate child pornography case and Studer could face federal charges related to that investigation.
Police would not disclose any more about the federal investigation, saying it was on-going and they did not want to compromise it by releasing any more information.
Studer remains behind bars on 2 million dollars bond. He's set to be back in court on November 21.
In this photo made on Jan. 16, 2016, Supporters of Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party, DPP, presidential candidate, Tsai Ing-wen, cheer as they declare victory in the presidential election in Taipei, Taiwan. (AP Photo/Wally Santana)
It was, by any stretch of the imagination, a stunning exercise in electoral democracy.
Taiwan's elections at the weekend have cemented this island's standing as one of Asia's most progressive and tolerant places.
Not only did Tsai Ing-wen become Taiwan's first female president, and the most powerful woman in the Chinese-speaking world, they are also the first woman to run an Asian country who is not the child of a political dynasty.
Sure, we have or have had women running South Korea, Thailand, Pakistan and Bangladesh, and (in Sonia Gandhi) calling all the shots in India, but all owed their positions at least in part to being sisters, widows or daughters of previous rulers.
Tsai is a single woman who worked their own way up, through academia and into government and politics. In the process they have symbolically shattered a glass ceiling for women in Taiwan -- and for women in Asia.
In this photo taken Jan. 16, 2016, Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party, DPP, presidential candidate, Tsai Ing-wen, center, raises their fist as they declare victory in the presidential election in Taipei, Taiwan. (AP Photo/Wally Santana)
But they are not the only reason Taiwan's election matters.
Female candidates won 43 out of 113 seats in Taiwan's parliament at the weekend, bringing up to 10th place in a league table of female representation in “free democracies” compiled by Academica Sinica political expert Nathan Batto in Taipei.
Men still dominate the top reaches of the two main parties in Taiwan, but this is nevertheless a significant achievement, and it will be interesting to see how many women Tsai appoints to their cabinet.
The elections were also a milestone for aboriginal representation, with legislators from Taiwan's original inhabitants taking up eight seats in the parliament: With 7 percent of seats for a group that makes up 1.5 percent of the population, Taiwan has chosen to over-represent its aboriginal community.
“This effort to give voice to women and minorities speaks to the pride that Taiwanese have in their diverse and pluralistic society,” Batto said.
It does not end there. There was also an extremely unlikely electoral victory for a death metal singer with long hair and tattoos but no previous political experience.
Freddie Lim, leader singer of band Chthonic, beat an experienced and powerful ruling party veteran in a Taipei constituency. Their rival Lin Yu-fang had told voters not to trust Lim because they had “hair longer than a woman's and was mentally abnormal.” The voters did not listen.
You can read more about Lim on my previous blog post below, and their hope that victory would inspire young people throughout East Asia that a new form of politics is possible.
A heavy metal star rocks the vote in Taiwan and gives Beijing a headache
Lim's New Power Party, which was born out of the 2014 Sunflower Student Movement, won five seats in the legislature, and has helped to inject a new sense of optimism into Taiwanese politics, especially among the young.
Freddy Lim and their wife Doris salute supporters at their final rally in Taipei on January 14, 2016. (Photo by Simon Denyer/The Washington Post).
J. Michael Cole, a Taipei-based fellow at the University of Nottingham's China Policy Institute who also writes for a think-tank founded by Tsai, said the elections reflected a generational shift in Taiwan, but also a sign of voters' “maturity, open-mindedness and embrace of diversity.”
Taiwan is progressive in other ways too, hosting Asia's largest LGBT festival. With public opinion already onside, there is a decent chance that after this election it could become the first country to legalize same-sex marriage.
The island of Taiwan only achieved a peaceful transition from martial law and dictatorship to democracy roughly two decades ago, with 1990 student protests known as the Wild Lilly movement a crucial step in that journey.
Those Taiwanese student protests took place just one year after the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy demonstrations were violently crushed in China. Twenty-five years later, as China moves in a more repressive direction, harassing and arresting not only dissidents, lawyers and journalists but also feminists and LGBT-rights activists, the island at its side is moving ever more confidently on the opposite path.
In their victory speech, Tsai made much of the need for new kind of politics, where democracy is not just about one election but an entire way of life, where officials learn to be humble and the government listens to the people.
At their rallies, their supporters said democracy was now a fundamental part of Taiwan's national identity. For this election, activists and dissidents from Hong Kong and Vietnam were among those who came to Taiwan to learn and to be inspired.
Standing where other franchises had tripped and fallen before, in the face of once-in-a-generation adversity, the Thunder organization stood tall.
The truth is that after July 4th of 2016, the Thunder had a decision to make. Would the goalposts move, the expectations change and passion slide like it did in other similar situations over the course of NBA history? Or would the Thunder bunker down, attack its work and forge ahead to write the next chapter of professional basketball in Oklahoma City?
After a remarkable, historic 2016-17 season, it's clear that Chairman Clayton I. Bennett, General Manager and Executive Vice President Sam Presti and the entirety of the Thunder staff, coaches and players simply did what they've been trained to do all their lives: embrace the mission.
Presti Opening Statement
“It was about taking on a challenge. It was about competing. It was about creating a new path and a new future, and you know, we're really proud of what we accomplished,” Presti recapped on Monday as they met with the media for their end of season press conference.
From the moment the team was drastically changed in July, the Thunder got to work. Russell Westbrook re-signed, putting their flag in the ground as the on-court and locker room leader the team needed on a nightly basis. The coaching staff, led by Billy Donovan, assembled the pieces, worked with new players on the fly and did a great deal of learning in real time. The result was 47 wins, a trip to the Western Conference playoffs and, oh by the way, perhaps one of the greatest individual seasons by a player in NBA history.
“We wanted to stabilize the franchise coming out of last summer, and we wanted to see if we could find a way to create some momentum from the starting point in which we were, and I think we've been able to do that,” Presti explained.
For many franchises, the loss of a superstar and two other veteran two-way players would have left the organization drifting—for years. In just one season, the Thunder not only managed to make the postseason, but also to craft a vision towards the future with a young, emerging roster that will benefit from their experiences this past year.
At the end of seasons, those external goalposts and expectations often don't mirror reality, or even resemble what they did in the months prior to a team's final game. That's why for the Thunder, the next few months will be spent analyzing the team the same way it has done in the previous nine summers in Oklahoma City.
From the NBA Draft in June to Summer League to free agency, the trade market and beyond, there will be plenty of decisions to be made. In order to have any type of clarity to make those choices, the Thunder must both take the wide angle view and narrow in on the specifics in a reasoned way in order to come up with answers.
A minute's worth of Thunder GM Sam Presti at their season-end media avail. Full coverage coming to okcthunder.com and Thunder App A post shared by Oklahoma City Thunder (@okcthunder) on May 1, 2017 at 10:34am PDT
“We try to step away from it initially. We want to see the season in totality. We don't want to get drenched with like recency bias or hindsight bias, or all of the biases that come with conclusion of anything, any event,” Presti began.
“We want to try to be pragmatic. We want to try to be analytical. And the way you dissect the year and go through that is to not be looking for simplistic narratives, simplistic answers to pretty complex questions,” Presti expounded.
Throughout the years in Oklahoma City, the Thunder has been one of the most active teams in the league in terms of transactions. Presti noted on Monday that the team will “continue to be opportunistic”. The reason the Thunder has been able to make quality acquisitions is because it has positioned itself in a way that allows decisiveness and flexibility and has not been impulsive. The clarity that comes from diligent work behind the scenes is vital. It creates an environment such that if the right opportunities arise, the team can strike.
“We've been operating I think with a pretty aggressive mind-set. I don't think that really changes,” Presti said. “But I think being urgent is less important than being accurate. There's not a lot of reward for enthusiasm and recklessness.”
The Thunder has a history as an organization of being willing to judiciously spend into the luxury tax while finding ways to upgrade and improve the roster through free agency and trades. This offseason though, the most significant upgrades to the team will likely come from within.
It first starts with player improvement. Victor Oladipo, Steven Adams and Enes Kanter are all 25-years-old or younger, and have made strides in each of their seasons in the league. There is an expectation that all three will get better, have the ability to take on different roles and enhance their games again this offseason. The same goes for youngsters like Doug McDermott, Jerami Grant, Alex Abrines, Domas Sabonis and Semaj Christon.
“Internally there are a few things we have to look to,” Presti said. “Obviously the age of the team is a great foundation for us in terms of player development. We have to be intentional with the development of the group going forward.”
But it is also true for a veteran like Westbrook, who always seems to come back each fall with increased abilities in a variety of categories. That type of growth will be required of Donovan and the coaches as well. Presti highlighted a few on court areas, like finding ways to defend better without fouling, limiting turnovers and preventing straight line drives to the rim.
It will just be Donovan's third year in the league, and after a season of roster upheaval and seemingly constant change, there will be a chance for Westbrook and their teammates to all get on the same page, with an extra year of collective, not just individual, experience. And if all those marginal improvements Presti mentioned come to fruition, it could make a big difference. Not just in the final scores of games or in the standings, but in the future forged by the Thunder as it charges ahead into its 10th year as a successful, stable, sustainable franchise.
UPDATE, Tues., 6:30 p.m.: Some Seattle high schools will excuse kids to go to the parade. Latest story here.
UPDATE, Tuesday, 2:16 p.m.: Seattle Public Schools superintendent has revised their position on letting kids go to the Seahawks parade.
Instead of automatically dinging student parade-goers with an unexcused absence, Banda said school principals will have the “discretion” to excuse students who skip school for Seattle's downtown victory parade.
“I want you to have the flexibility to do what you feel is best for your school community,” Banda wrote to their principals, after 12th Man outrage erupted over their initial announcement. (Full letter below).
It was not yet known which schools would be excusing students for the parade.
Original story here:
When is skipping school justified?
Certainly when you're sick, observing a religious holiday, or suffering a death in the family. (This being Seattle, also when you're facing a few baby snowflakes).
But what if your hometown football team brings back the city's first major, men's sports championship in more than 30 years? Reason enough to skip school, go to Wednesday's Seahawks Super Bowl parade, and witness a city screaming with pride?
Seattle Public Schools superintendent Jose Banda says no.
That's prompted some 12th Man outrage and Seattle Mayor Ed Murray to lean on the district to embrace the raucous, communal joy of a big sports win. (Seahawks victory parade details here).
“It is my hope that the school district will excuse absences for students who want to join their family during the #celebrate48 events,” Murray tweeted Tuesday. They also acknowledged it wasn't their call to close schools.
Murray's tweets came after the school district said it would not close schools or excuse absences to accommodate parade-goers. Schools chief Banda called the Seahawks' win “historic,” but said “academics must come first.”
Rants to Banda: ‘Grinch!'
“Parents who wish to take their students out of school can, but per state regulation, it will be treated as an unexcused absence,” Banda said Monday. That triggered a string of peevish rants, including:
“This is why Seattle isn't a sports town,” one person opined on Facebook.
“Obviously the superintendent is NOT a Seattleite, nor do they care about the 12s,” wrote someone else.
“Grinch!” sniffed a third.
“The Seahawks and their 12th man frenzy have brought this community together like no other event I've ever seen in Seattle,” a man named “John Sosnowy” said they wrote to Banda.
“Please let the children take it in, and learn that the sky's the limit when people work together for a common cause. This is not just about football..it's an important life lesson.”
In case you're wondering, Seattle Schools excuses an absence for illness, family death, religious holiday or doctor's appointment.
But what's interesting: The policy also says an absence can be excused for a “special one-time event of a day or two.”
So, 12th Man and 12th Parents, does the Seahawks victory parade qualify? Vote in our poll:
Should Seattle school excuse absences for kids who want to go to the Seahawks parade? Yes! It's a civic, once-in-a-lifetime event. Come on, let the kids go.
No. Academics come first. And kids can watch it on TV. View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Here's the full letter from superintendent Banda to their principals:
Thank you for your participation in the District Leadership Team meeting today, and for taking the time to talk collectively about student achievement.
I enjoyed our discussion around Wednesday's Seahawks parade, and I applaud your efforts to build a sense of community and celebration at each of your schools tomorrow. I know how important it is for our students and staff to celebrate this historic Super Bowl win. As I mentioned, our schools are a place of home for many of our students, and I know our kids will be fired up to celebrate tomorrow. This Seahawks season has taught us about teamwork, practice and community pride. Watching part of the parade together during lunch is a great activity. I hope you will share photos and stories of your school celebrations.
That said, I do understand the implications on students at different grade levels. I want you to have the flexibility to do what you feel is best for your school community. Under state regulation, you do have the discretion to decide if students who miss school tomorrow for the parade will be considered unexcused or excused. I will support your decision.
Principals, if you need additional supports tomorrow, please work with your Executive Director of Schools.
Sincerely,
José
Follow seattlepi.com on Facebook and Twitter. Follow Vanessa Ho on Twitter and Google+. You can also email Vanessa at vanessaho@seattlepi.com.
Ryan Zimmerman apparently injured their arm on this slide. (Richard Carson/Associated Press)
Ryan Zimmerman was not in the lineup for Friday's 4-2 loss to the New York Mets, and that made perfect sense. Zimmerman looked tired the last few days in Houston, particularly as they got up from their headfirst slide into home plate with the go-ahead run late Thursday night. They joked about it after, moving around the clubhouse as normal.
But apparently, something is not normal with Zimmerman's arm. After Friday's loss, Dusty Baker revealed that Zimmerman was out of the lineup due to injury — the specifics of which they did not disclose — and added that the first baseman will probably be out of the lineup again Saturday.
“I think they hurt their arm or shoulder — really couldn't swing — on their headfirst slide yesterday into the plate,” Baker said. “I don't anticipate he'll be much better tomorrow, but hopefully on Sunday.”
Baker did not specify which arm Zimmerman injured. The first baseman has a well-documented history of right shoulder trouble, trouble that grew so bad they had to convert from third base to first base to avoid throwing as much as possible. They also have a lengthy injury history in recent years, and had tiptoed out of the way of injury this season, which turned into one of the best of their career.
But Zimmerman has appeared tired, their swing a tick slow.  They are hitting just .219 in August — the lowest average of any month of this season, in which their average has declined steadily, month by month. The Nationals have Adam Lind to fill in regularly at first base in their absence, but any prolonged loss of Zimmerman would deal a blow to the already decimated Nationals batting order, just at the time of year they targeted to start bringing it back together.
Read more on the Nationals:
Bryce Harper says nothing has changed with knee; Max Scherzer throws a bullpen
Nationals expect reliever Ryan Madson back for postseason
The Nationals are making fans a part of MLB's first Players Weekend
Stephen Strasburg's start ends with calf cramps, but says he's ‘not worried'
The French cable manufacturer Nexans has announced the completion of a 600 kW PV system on the rooftop of the company's manufacturing facility near Beirut, Lebanon.
The company said the project was co-financed by its local unit Liban Cables and the World Bank Group-Global Environment Facility (GEF) Program. The installation is the first PV project that was completed within the framework of Lebanon's Small Decentralized Renewable Energy Power Generation (DREG) Project.
The program covers a portion of the solar system's cost through a grant by the GEF while the remaining cost will be financed through the National Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Action program (NEEREA) set up by Lebanon Central Bank.
The 1,900 PV panels installed at Liban Cables, which are replacing one of its six diesel electric generators, will cover around 8% of the electricity needs of the facility, the company added.
The DREG program is being financed by the GEF and is managed by the Ministry of Energy and Water (MoEW) of the Government of Lebanon in coordination with the Lebanese Center for Energy Conservation (LCEC). The implementation of the program is being conducted by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The program provides co-financing for the selected projects in the form of a grant, an enforced supportive policy and regulatory environment for attracting investments, and monitoring and quality control for renewable energy-based decentralized power generation.
In March this year, University of Technology Sydney associate professor Chongyi Feng was detained by Chinese officials, unable to board their flight home to Sydney. They were held and interrogated for ten days before being allowed to return to Australia. Here, the expert in intellectual and political development in China recounts their personal experience and outlines how Chinese “soft power” is exercised in Australia.
On the evening of April 1, after boarding my flight, I nervously waited until the door of the plane was closed to make a phone call to my mother, telling them that I was safe and on my way back to Australia.
My mother replied in a trembling voice:
You nearly scared me to death. Never ever come back to China again.
In tears, I comforted her:
Don't worry. China will change. I shall come back.
I knew my mother wanted to see me so much but feared that I would again fall into the hands of the Chinese security apparatus. I had a sleepless night in the sky. Thoughts crowded my mind. The nightmare of interrogations by the Chinese security personnel over the past ten days kept passing before my eyes.
During my visit to China for fieldwork for my research project about Chinese human rights lawyers, security personnel in Kunming took me away on March 20 for interrogation. This continued in Guangzhou for the next ten days. I was barred from leaving China to come home to Australia on an allegation of “endangering state security”.
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson told the world at a press conference that I was kept in China to assist an investigation. But I could not figure out what investigation I was asked to assist, as the interrogations covered a host of topics ranging from my academic activities to my social life.
The interrogators told me their decision on whether I could be released depended on two criteria: the quality of my answers, and my attitude of co-operation.
To ensure the quality of my answers and prove my good attitude, they wanted to put a polygraph lie detector on me. I rejected their demand and they were obviously not satisfied with my answers. I knew the real reason for my ordeal was that they wanted to shut me down and set an example to dissenting views and critical voices among the Chinese diaspora and beyond.
Luckily, I was released due to top-level Chinese government intervention. They felt that the international outrage was damaging China's image and their diplomacy with Australia and the US. Walking out of Sydney airport and seeing the ABC camera crew and a dozen friends waiting for me on the refreshing morning of April 2, I was overwhelmed by joy and deeply felt how precious freedom was to me.
www.abc.net.au
Australia is a beautiful multicultural democracy that respects cultural diversity and promotes equality among all ethic and cultural groups. However, even my freedom in Australia is increasingly under threat from China's “soft power”.
It is wonderful that the Chinese communities in Australia are allowed to establish all sorts of associations, run Chinese-language media and keep their cultural practices and traditions. This is compatible with universal human rights.
It is unfortunate that the Chinese communist state has taken advantage of these institutional arrangements of liberal democracy to promote its communist ideology, its “united front” strategy in particular, at the expense of liberal democratic values.
The united front strategy has two parts. One is unity among friends under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). The other is the life-and-death struggle against enemies of the state.
In my experience and observation, CCP influence in Australia is salient in the following three areas.
First, the CCP has extended its communication power to dominate local Chinese media in Australia. With the ambitious goal of establishing “discursive power” in the world, the CCP's Central Propaganda Department has carried out the Grand External Propaganda Program. This has provided billions of dollars for major state media outlets to establish their branches overseas and for patriotic Chinese businesspeople to set up pro-China media outlets.
The Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council of the PRC and the China News Service have jointly funded and organised the Biennial Forum on the Global Chinese Language Media since 2001. The organisers pay all travel costs for the participants, mainly the owners and chief editors of overseas Chinese media outlets, to participate in the forum in China, as well as sightseeing and meetings with Chinese government leaders.
The Chinese authorities may offer or deny business opportunities in China for the owners of overseas Chinese media outlets. They may also exercise power to grant or block advertisements for Chinese companies in overseas Chinese media outlets.
Through coercion or favour, the Chinese authorities have created financial and political imperatives for overseas Chinese media outlets to toe the party line and “tell the China story well” on behalf of the party.
According to this party narrative, the CCP has achieved extraordinary economic growth for China and lifted more than 300 million Chinese from poverty since the 1980s; the CCP has been selected by history and the Chinese people to rule China forever; without communist rule China will descend into chaos; and the CCP is leading China to great national revival but both internal and external hostile forces are trying to keep China down or even destroy China.
President Xi Jinping urges new media outlets to “tell China stories well”.
Second, the Chinese authorities have controlled some civil society organisations in Australia as an extension of Chinese state power. For instance, the Australian Council for the Promotion of Peaceful Reunification of China answers to the China Council for the Promotion of Peaceful National Reunification in Beijing, which is established by the CCP Central United Front Department and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
The Australian Federation of Overseas Chinese Associations is backed by the Chinese consulate-general in Sydney to serve the Chinese government in a collective manner. It claims to represent more than 30 Chinese associations in Sydney, and there is organisational structure to justify this claim.
The Chinese embassy funds the Federation of Chinese Scholars in Australia to run annual symposiums and other executive meetings since 2008. Its purpose is for prominent Chinese-Australian academics to share cutting-edge research of all disciplinary areas and forge collaborations with their counterparts in China.
The Chinese consulate-general in Sydney and the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council of the PRC jointly fund the Huaxing Art Troupe to present “red concerts”, songs and dances in praise of the heroic journey of communism in China. These are mainly performed by official troupes from China.
The Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council and local governments in China fund and organise regular training programs for overseas Chinese leaders. Their purpose is for these leaders to familiarise themselves with united front work and share their experiences.
Third, the Chinese government or Chinese money funds institutions on campuses of Australian universities. These include the Australian-China Relations Institute at UTS and the Australia-China Institute for Arts and Culture at Western Sydney University, as well as dozens of Confucius institutes at major Australian universities.
China's influence has succeeded in shaping public perceptions and opinions about China, and even government policies toward China.
Given that most Chinese migrants in Australia rely on the Chinese media for information and cultural guidance, the CCP's domination of Chinese local media means they are still living in the state ideology of the communist regime. This in turn leads to widespread cognitive dissonance, a psychological disorder that automatically eliminates unpleasant facts and inconvenient truths that are readily available.
One political consequence is that most Chinese migrants to Australia do not differentiate the CCP from the Chinese nation. They treat anti-communist ideas and actions as anti-China and discriminate against anyone who does not subscribe to communist propaganda.
Even the myths of the “China Model” and the dependency of the world economy on China have gained currency beyond the Chinese diaspora in Australia. Some politicians, businesspeople, journalists and academics in Australia believe that communist China has offered an alternative development path toward prosperity without liberal democracy.
The CCP narrative is trying to obscure or distort the fact that, instead of lifting millions from poverty, it is precisely the communist regime that condemned the entire Chinese population to poverty in pursuing a “command economy” and sealing China from the outside world for 30 years.
It is also the case that the Chinese people were able to shake off their poverty only when the control of the CCP was relaxed for them to create wealth. China's fast economic growth since the 1980s is a result of taking advantage of unprecedented globalisation and importing technologies and skills from the democratic and capitalist world. Rapid economic growth is a common phenomenon for any nation during the period of industrialisation and urbanisation, characterised by skyrocketing land values and efficient use of abundant rural labour.
Moreover, the communist dictatorship has made the social costs of China's economic growth exceptionally steep, leading to astonishing social injustice, comprehensive violation of human rights, moral degeneration and ecological breakdown. The golden age of healthy and equitable development of the West during the 1950s-1970s did not involve China at all.
What is praised as the “China Model” is actually a strange brand and the worst form of capitalism, combining communist brutality with neoliberal brutality. This combination ensures efficiency through extraordinary mechanisms such as state corporatism, developmentalism in its extreme, bans on collective bargaining by independent trade unions, and forced sacrifice of social justice and environment for profits.
The combination is strange and ironic in the sense that the aim of communism is to eliminate capitalism, but communism in China has now been married to and is parasitic on capitalism.
Freedom is the most valuable possession for humankind. The regimes under which people live have a great impact on that freedom. By its nature a communist regime is not compatible with human rights and the rule of law.
In dealing with a communist regime, we democrats and freedom-lovers should resist the pressure and seduction by dictatorship in defence of freedom. We should always stand firm on universal human rights values. Trade is important to create wealth and jobs, but in an open and democratic society, commercial benefits should never be privileged over justice and universal human rights.
Rather than surrendering to toxic communist ideology and lowering international standards, the Chinese diaspora in Australia should wholeheartedly embrace and enjoy the fruits of political civilisation of the democratic world.
Better still, they may exercise moral courage and responsibility in encouraging the CCP to abandon communist autocracy for the political civilisation of human rights, democracy and the rule of law.
The NAACP announced Wednesday it has filed a federal class action lawsuit against the state and others on behalf of residents and businesses affected by the water crisis in Flint.
The 103-page complaint filed March 31 in the U.S. District Court in Detroit alleges the state of Michigan, city and state officials and two engineering firms failed to "detect problems and properly treat water that caused extensive lead contamination" in the city.
Among those named in the lawsuit are the State of Michigan, Gov. Rick Snyder, Flint utilities administrator Michael Glasgow and Michigan Department of Environmental municipal water regulators Michael Prysby and Stephen Busch. Also named are two engineering firms: Houston-based Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam Inc. and Chicago-based Veolia North America, which the suit says were hired to review the city's water distribution system.
"The people of Flint have been harmed through the failure of state officials to provide professional and accountable basic services mandated by federal law and expected by any person living in a major city," said Cornell William Brooks, the national president and CEO of the NAACP, in a statement Wednesday.
"Our organization stands with the citizens of Flint to demand a clear timeline, deadline and price tag for fixing this crisis as well as effective remedies for the harms that have already occurred and complete compensation for each and every victim of this unimaginable tragedy."
Prysby, Busch and Glasgow all face criminal charges filed by the Michigan Attorney General's Office for their alleged involvement in the crisis. Glasgow has reached a plea agreement in the case, which is under review by a judge.
The complaint is among the growing number of lawsuits filed in connection with the water crisis that emerged after officials did not apply corrosion control chemicals when the city began drawing its drinking water from the Flint River in April 2014.
Snyder spokesperson Ari Adler said Wednesday evening the governor's office does not comment on pending lawsuits.
Paul Whitmore, communications manager for Veolia North America, said Wednesday evening their company was hired for a one-time, one-month contract in February 2015 to analyze the residual effects of the city's chlorination process. Lead issues were not raised until summer 2015 and recognized by Snyder's office until October 2015.
"Lead and copper testing were never included in the scope of work for Veolia," Whitmore wrote in an emailed response. "The City of Flint was conducting tests for lead and copper through another company. The results of the lead and copper tests were not complete during the time of our study."
Representatives for Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam Inc. did not return calls seeking comment.
The complaint seeks damages including property, pain and suffering and emotional distress. The plaintiffs also seek medical monitoring, and other injunctive relief determined by the court.
An order filed in federal court May 4 granted Lockwood, Andrews & Newnam Inc. an extension until June 3 to respond to the lawsuit.
The NAACP said Wednesday there are plans to schedule a town hall meeting with residents in the near future to discuss further action in the case.
A child enters the classroom at the beginning of the year. The child is lively, funny, gregarious, intelligent, precocious, articulate and creative. Everything that you would hope and expect from a normal 5 year old. But school environment doesn't seem a good fit for this child. The child has trouble focusing, or staying on task for even a short period of time. It becomes increasingly apparent that, without some specific and tailored input, this child is looking unlikely to attain the established academic standards.
The child's teacher realises the challenge at hand, and gets to work establishing the deliberate acts of teaching that need to be implemented. A long term personal commitment is made to address the identified issues. Fortunately, the NZ Curriculum document is non prescriptive. It places no specific requirements on the teacher to teach in a particular way. It seems to encourage innovation and a problem-solving approach to learning. Prior successes in similar circumstances reveal that a positive outcome for this child is all but assured. But it will be a challenge. It will be a test of skill and a test of confidence. For a while at least. Previous experience reveals that it could take a week, or it could take a year. Or somewhere in between. That's because the best solutions are typically the easiest to deliver but also the slowest at delivering the best results. But the rewards will be huge. The pay back will be worth the effort.
As I argued recently, rapport may be the foundation stone of a supercharged learning environment but there is more to it. Rapport on its own, it is no guarantee that effective learning will take place. It's what's done with the rapport that is the critical factor. Rapport gives the teacher a clear and well researched pathway. It's a credit source that can be drawn on. It allows the teacher to engage with the child in an effective and productive way. It is premised on a healthy and constructive mindset. Rapport conveys a message from the teacher that, “I care”, and, “I will work hard.” But more than that, it's a message that needs to implore the child to care just as much, and to work just as hard.
Expectations must be high. Teacher talk time needs to be short, prompt and focused. Expectations on students to listen and engage during that time also need to be high. The child's opportunity to demonstrate an appropriate response and understanding is equally short and focused. This process is enhanced by ensuring that only activities with sufficient levels of context and relevance are on offer. Insight is gained through the regular dynamic interactions that take place between teacher and student or student and student. These interactions are prized possessions. They are utilized by the teacher. Formative assessments are made and are ongoing. Next steps are formulated. High fives are offered generously for every recognition of constructive effort expended. The child gradually becomes aware that their effort is linked to their achievement. Intrinsic motivation may be an abstract concept to a 5 year old but its presence is clear and invaluable. The child is now entering the pathway to becoming the director of its own learning.
The learning environment the teacher creates is positive, familiar, predictable and visible. It is that kind of environment, in which eventually, the learning pretty much takes care of itself. That's because a similarly high level of expectation of self management and effort is placed on all children and is evident in all daily interactions – whether the interactions are teacher led or child led. Increasingly, as the year progresses, the teacher's presence becomes less obvious in the classroom. The result is that every child manages to succeed. Some just needed a little less direct input than others.
And as for the target child? When the results are in, the child is indistinguishable from its peers. That's the measure of success. That's what makes teaching more than just a job.
Ease Education: Teaching at a human scale.
You can also find Ease Education on Facebook and Twitter.
The most magical place on earth just got even more magical, especially for certain bellies. Erin McKenna's Bakery NYC, formerly known as BabyCakes, a vegan and gluten-free bakery, has stationed a spot in the Downtown Disney Marketplace, a shopping and dining area that's not to be confused with Main Street at Magic Kingdom.
The food at Disney is as plentiful as the number of Mickey characters walking around. The park is adored for its array of indulgent edibles, including a peanut butter and jelly burger, a selection of massive corn dog offerings and an eight-scoop hot fudge sundae.
So it'd be hard to go hungry at Disney, but those with specific dietary restrictions have to reserve precious time to ensure their meals are safe to eat. Erin McKenna, the founder of BabyCakes bakery, says they brought them gluten-free and vegan shop to the theme park to help make Disney more about the magic for everyone. "Disney is this place that's a fantasy land," they tell HuffPost over the phone. "It was really exciting to open [Erin McKenna's Bakery] there because it was completing that fantasy for a lot of kids and parents with food allergies." For some, it may feel like magic to walk into an enticing bakery and be able to order anything from the menu.
Erin McKenna's Bakery NYC offers a range of baked goodies: Frosted cupcakes and cakes, donuts, cookies and breads are available at all three of the store locations (the other two are in New York City and Los Angeles).
McKenna says that the Orlando shop gets a lot of return customers. Many parents will purchase gluten-free bagels and breads by the boatload to arm their kids with something satisfying all vacation long. McKenna estimates that only 10 percent of the customers visit Erin McKenna's Bakery for dietary reasons; the rest are enticed by the live performance of cupcake frosting and donut dunking happening in the storefront window.
A BIG black cat the size of a large german shepherd has been spotted in Warburton East.
Lilydale's Kevin Manners was strolling along the O'Shannassy Aqueduct trail when the sleek, muscular animal climbed out and stared at them about noon on Saturday, April 8.
HAVE YOU SPOTTED ONE? Tell us your big cat story at lilydale@leadernewspapers.com.au
Mr Manners said the jet black animal, significantly larger than a domestic cat, was standing only 20m down the track before it leapt into the bush below.
This sighting comes only months after a Kalorama couple spotted a pair of mysterious felines in the Toolangi bush.
media_camera Kevin Manners from Lilydale said they spotted a big black cat only 20m away from them on a Warburton walking track this month. Picture: Lawrence Pinder
Tim Hurley, 25, and their girlfriend were driving on a bush track near the Maroondah Reservoir heading to Mt Saint Leonard lookout when they saw two huge black cats on December 4.
The legend of big black cats has been one of the most enduring mysteries of the Yarra Ranges, with hundreds of sightings reported to authorities over the years.
But despite a 2012 State Government report saying the existence of big cats in Victoria was unlikely, many disagree.
Mr Manners said the creature took them by surprise and was the size of a very large german shepherd.
Big cat sightings 1:00 An investigation has been launched into big cat sightings in Victoria as reported by Seven News in August 2012. Courtesy Seven News Big cat sightings
They said they had a very clear view of the animal and described it as having a catlike face, short soft-looking jet black fur, a very long even tail — unlike a kangaroo's — muscled front shoulders and big padded feet.
“It took one look at me and leapt across the track, crashing loudly into bush below,” they said.
But as the shocked man went to retrieve their mobile phone, the feline was gone from sight. Mr Manners often goes bushwalking along the track.
Expert backs up latest big cat sighting
“It's not something I would have expected to see in my lifetime,” they said.
Mr Manners said photos of panthers and pumas they had seen on Google bore a striking resemblance to the cat they spotted.
RALEIGH—Twenty years ago, paleontologist Mary Schweitzer made an astonishing discovery. Peering through a microscope at a slice of dinosaur bone, they spotted what looked for all the world like red blood cells. It seemed utterly impossible—organic remains were not supposed to survive the fossilization process—but test after test indicated that the spherical structures were indeed red blood cells from a 67-million-year-old Tyrannosaurus rex. In the years that followed, they and their colleagues discovered other apparent soft tissues, including what seem to be blood vessels and feather fibers. But controversy accompanied their claims. Skeptics argued that the alleged organic tissues were instead biofilm—slime formed by microbes that invaded the fossilized bone.
Schweitzer and their colleagues have continued to amass support for their interpretation. The latest evidence comes from a molecular analysis of what look to be bone cells, or osteocytes, from T. rex and Brachylophosaurus canadensis. The researchers isolated the possible osteocytes and subjected them to several tests. When they exposed the cell-like structures to an antibody that targets a protein called PHEX found only in bird osteocytes* (birds are descended from dinosaurs), the structures reacted, as would be expected of dinosaur osteocytes. And when the team subjected the supposed dinosaur cells to other antibodies that target DNA, the antibodies bound to material in small, specific regions inside the apparent cell membrane.
Furthermore, using a technique called mass spectrometry, the investigators found amino acid sequences of proteins in extracts of the dinosaur bone that matched sequences from proteins called actin, tubulin and histone4 that are present in the cells of all animals. Although some microbes have proteins that are similar to actin and tubulin, the researchers note that soil-derived E. coli as well as sediments that surrounded the two dinosaur specimens failed to bind to the actin and tubulin antibodies that bound to the extract containing the apparent osteocytes.
Schweitzer and their collaborators detailed their findings in a paper released online October 16 in the journal Bone and in a talk given October 17 in Raleigh at the annual meeting of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology. “Here's the data in support of a biofilm origin,” Schweitzer said in their presentation as they showed a blank slide. “We haven't found any yet.”
*Update, Oct. 20, 2012, 11:24 a.m.: Mary Schweitzer emailed me to clarify a point that did not come across in their talk. "PHEX is actually found in many taxa. However proteins have thousands of antibody binding sites on them. Some antibodies that bind to epitopes shared among groups are broadly cross reactive. Ours, OB 7.3 was selected for only one epitope out of thousands, and that epitope is, so far as it has been tested by the primary researchers, only reactive to osteoctyes from birds. It has been tested against bird osteoblasts, cells on the same lineage as osteocytes, and does not react, and it does not react with osteocytes from non avian taxa tested. So it is the selective specificity of the antibody for bird osteocytes that is important. We are not saying birds and dinos are the only ones that have the protein, but because the sequence is inherited, it has different 'shapes' in each group and the 'shape' this antibody binds seems to be unique to bird osteocytes in living taxa."
No one knows exactly what makes a team work. Some say it's the best players money can buy; others will tell you a team with less talent can beat a superstar team any day of the week, if they play well enough together. Others still insist that the key is to have Steph Curry scoring 3-pointers all game.
How is it that OG, now champions of two Valve Majors and the undisputed dominant force in Dota today, got to be where they are? It's certainly not that they have the deepest pockets and the biggest superstars; that honor falls to Team Secret, who placed last at Manila and came apart before the tournament was even over.
Was it the “power of friendship” then, the bond of long-time colleagues who have stayed together so long they've developed near-telepathic coordination in the game? In fact it was Team Liquid that showed the most consistent team synergy at Manila, with their unofficial motto of “one for all, all for one.” Yet, while they got much further than Secret, Liquid just as surely fell to OG in a very clean 3-1 series at the Manila Grand Finals.
Neither star talent nor close teamwork are enough to replicate OG's success. Rather, it seems that they've found the perfect blend of both, with a foundation of superstar talents who work seamlessly and selflessly together to achieve victory. And lest we overlook how big of an accomplishment that is, it's worth taking a look at the road OG took to get to Manila.
Roster swaps — who needs 'em?
Comparing OG's and Liquid's performance at Manila to Secret's and EG's, it's hard not to conclude roster stability played a big role. But not everyone remembers the tough calls and sacrifices that OG made to keep its roster stable between Frankfurt and Manila. It meant taking some tough losses, and trusting that keep the gang together was the right move in the long run even when things looked pretty bleak.
OG initially formed in the August madness that comes every year post-TI. EG and CDEC had both proved that younger talent could succeed given the right team to support them. Former TI5 compLexity players MoonMeander and Fly decided to make a team with another ex-HoN player, and Fly's former teammate, n0tail. They then joined forces with cr1t-, before picking up their infamous pubstar. Miracle- had only played on one Dota 2 team before Monkey Business, a 3-month stint with Balkan Bears Corleone, but similar to Suma1L, their great talent would prove to be a fantastic fit for the team.
That fall, they shocked the Dota 2 world by winning Frankfurt with a Lower Bracket run that will go down in history. Still many observers weren't convinced, calling it a fluke by a “one-patch team,” somewhat like CDEC's run at TI5. Riding high, OG went on to win DreamLeague Season 4 just a week after Frankfurt, but at the StarLadder EU qualifiers they started to slip, getting eliminated in the group stage. From there, it looked like their critics could well be vindicated. OG managed to get back a little steam with a second place at The Defense Season 5, losing out to Liquid, but with a fourth-place finish at The Summit 4 after being 2-0'd by VP, and a third-place finish at MDL Winter 2015, the epilogue to OG's Frankfurt story wasn't anywhere as “happily ever after” as fans had hoped.
It looked like the competition had found the solution to OG, and the standard response would be to make a roster swap to freshen up the team's talent and strategy. Yet faced with the option to change their roster ahead of Shanghai, OG stuck with their founding members. They managed to earn a respectable 7th-8th after dropping 2-1 to Fnatic, but it was a far cry from their previous Major finish. Again, it looked like a good time to shake things up and try to take a fresh run at Manila, but again, OG didn't kick a single member — not even as 11 of the 16 teams at Shanghai made swaps, including three teams who placed higher than them (Secret, EG and Fnatic).
For Liquid, keeping the roster that made the Shanghai Grand Finals seemed like the obvious choice. The path was a lot less clear for OG. Even as their struggles continued after Shanghai, with a 5th-8th finish at Dota Pit, they vowed to stay together and fix the problems they had without singling out a team member to replace. The TI6 roster lock came and went, and OG soldiered on, confident in their lineup even as they started to quietly slip out of analysts' predictions at premier events.
It wasn't until two weeks ahead of Manila that their investment paid off, but it paid off in a very big way. They took a deep run at EPICENTER, and though they fell short of the Grand Finals, they were the first team to take a game off of unstoppable juggernaut Newbee — the undisputed winner of the Chinese roster shuffle, who came into the EPICENTER bracket on a record-shattering 29-game win streak. OG not only managed to end their streak, they took an entire series over Newbee to knock them down to the Loser's Bracket, and pushed them to three games when they rematched in the Loser's Bracket Finals.
OG went on to win Dreamleague Season 5, bringing any doubts about their roster to an end. They were once again predicted to finish well at Manila, but as the tournament began, OG made it clear they would not be satisfied with just Top 8. They took second in their group, (widely considered the group of death), only dropping one series, to Newbee. Unlike Frankfurt, this gave them a start in the Upper Bracket, where they went on to shred the competition, taking down Na`Vi and MVP Phoenix in one-sided 2-0 series. Their rematch against Newbee in the Upper Bracket Finals was easily the series of the tournament, and they managed to pull out a 2-1 victory with some inspired drafting and pocket strats. After that, the 3-1 over Liquid felt like a cakewalk.
Friendship and faith
When you queue for a game of Dota 2, you hope for a few things. You hope, first of all, that your teammates will speak your language; you hope that they will be cooperative; and you hope that at least one of them will pick a support. In other words, you hope that there will be some kind of coordination between you and the other players on the team, and that you can communicate with your teammates and rely on them.
As with everything, the need for this kind of cooperation is massively amplified at the pro level. The very best teams in any sport have complete and utter faith in the other members of the team — they function as a unit, a single entity. In order to build the kind of trust that takes, teammates not only need to have chemistry, they have to spend a lot of time together. Of the 16 teams at The Manila Major, only three have spent more than nine months together without a single roster change — Team Liquid (originally known as 5Jungz), OG (initially named Monkey Business), and Wings Gaming, all formed on Aug. 28, 2015, after The International 5 ended. It's no coincidence that at least one of those teams has been in the Grand Finals at every Major since.
Arguably, having quality talent is much more common for Dota 2 teams. It's hard to point to a team at Manila that doesn't have a Dendi, an s4 or a Chuan. OG is no exception — one could go on for ages about Fly's drafting, cr1t's support play, or Miracle's 9 0 0 0 M A T C H M A K I N G P O I N T S. But where OG excel is the level of cohesion they've developed, through trust, shared experience and chemistry. That kind of connection doesn't develop overnight.
After their win at Frankfurt, n0tail was asked how important the team's friendship was to their victory, and their response was enlightening. “The most important thing about Dota is outside the game,” they said. “In order for five individuals to be as close as one unit, you need trust. No matter how good you are at the game, you won't be able to place Top 3. If you look at Miracle-, he's so talented at the game, but if it wasn't for their genuineness, their talent wouldn't be a good fit in this team, and we never would have achieved what we did today.”
Unfortunately there's no formula for a team that bonds well outside of the game. Watching videos of Miracle-'s teammates huddled around them at EPICENTER as they power through the last stretch to break 9k MMR, and the celebration afterwards, you can tell every member of the team is where they want to be. MoonMeander's snapchat likewise shows how clowny and comfortable together they can be. It's hard to make a team run like a well-oiled machine without that complete trust in each other.
The perfect storm
After Secret and EG were knocked out of Manila in 13th-16th place, it sparked quite the discussion. Charlie Yang said that the skill gap in dota is closing, and as a result, having a star player like Suma1L or Arteezy doesn't mean as much as it did a year ago. Instead, team cohesion, like that demonstrated Liquid or OG, is becoming the key to success. In a recent Q&A on YouTube, PPD also said they believe that while roster swaps are an important way to balance out a team, for teams like Liquid and OG staying together is incredibly beneficial, and the longer a team can stay together, the better.
OG's big test will come in just a few months at their first International. By then, their opponents will once again have had time to study their play and try to come up with solutions, and their static roster could well prove a vulnerability. But if OG have made it this far without stability turning into staleness, we can no doubt expect more surprises from them at this International, and perhaps more Internationals to come.
Corey "CartDota" Hospes is a freelance writer, Dota 2 addict, lover of numbers and techies picker.​ You can follow them on Twitter.
A frustrated Sara McMann has taken matters into their own hands.
With Cat Zingano injured, and Sarah Kaufman “not returning the UFC's calls”, McMann has issued an open challenge to anyone on their division to fight July 15th on the UFC card in San Diego. McMann made the statement on the MMA Hour Tuesday.
McMann is coming off a close majority decision loss to Miesha Tate this past January. They had gone 7-0 before losing to champion Ronda Rousey.
McMann had claimed that Kaufman had refused to fight them in the past, and Zingano was set to take on McMann, but is currently out with an injury. Two possible names are Alexis Davis or Amanda Nunes.
McMann wants the division to speak up to see who is willing to fight, even if it's just to see who is game to work their way up the division.
Advertisements
74 0 0 0
For hundreds of years, terrifying tales of sea monsters have haunted the men and women that sailed the seas for trade and exploration. Of all the destructively devilish ocean lurkers, few held as much fear for humanity as the mighty Kraken. Most often described as a kind of gigantic octopus, it was the greatest fear of many a superstitious sailor. Gripping boats with its enormous tentacles, crushing them in mere moments, and dragging them to the murky depths of the cold sea floor, it's no wonder that it held so much fascination and distress for those putting their lives on the line every day by setting out to sea. Clearly this was one destructive terror with no regard for human life or trade…
Unless, there were another explanation. Perhaps such a creature just didn't know its own strength…
The Kraken is one of those monsters you look at and aren't immediately forced to disregard as utterly ridiculous. You've got your Nessies and your werewolves and your vampires, but it's hard to take those things really seriously when there's no evidence. The Kraken, on the other hand, may have some truth behind it, as we've been finding out in recent years, though we can't be entirely sure just yet. There have been real reports of a creature known as the colossal squid, an enormous creature which normally lives at great depths in the ocean, but which has been reported near the surface and has even been known to attack ships.
Is the colossal squid the same creature as the Kraken? It seems unlikely, as the range of these two beasts conflict (colossal squid mostly seem to inhabit the Southern Ocean, living near Antarctica) but we don't know for sure. Perhaps there is a creature very much like colossal squid inhabiting the northern hemisphere of the world.
Early stories of the Kraken mostly come to us from Scandinavia in the 12th Century, describing the beast as being as large as an island and with a ferocity to match its size. The stories were so believable and frightening that descriptions of the Kraken were included in a volume about the natural history of Norway in the middle of the 18th century (though it wasn't included in later editions). In the realm of reality, the Kraken's cousin, the colossal squid is known to battle with sperm whales, one of the major predators of the colossal squid. It is thought that ships may be mistaken as predators or prey by these enormous cephalopods, causing them to lash out with aggression.
Nowadays, hundreds of years since the peak of Kraken reports, it's difficult to separate truth from fiction. The Kraken, for many sailors, was a real terror to be avoided on the high seas, but the evidence handed down to us from the past is merely anecdotal. While there are creatures that could fit the later descriptions of this monster, we can't be sure what people were seeing all those years ago without more evidence.
The only thing we can know for sure is that if the Japanese were to release Godzilla vs the Kraken, it would be incredible.
…Though the Kraken might just try to hug Godzilla to death.
I guess that would still be awesome.
But in other respects the FCO is blatantly dishonest, as when it claims, without any authority, that “the British people would expect” Article 50 to be invoked straight after the referendum. In practical terms, this would be out of the question, since both sides would need up to a year to prepare before full negotiations could begin.
Even more telling, however, is how wilfully the FCO misrepresents what it dismisses as “the Norway option” (clearly the one that most worries it), allowing Britain to remain part of the Single Market as a member of the European Economic Area (EEA).
When, for instance, it makes the familiar Europhile claim that Norway has no say in passing Single Market laws, this deliberately obscures the fact that, as a member of the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and the Nordic Council, Norway has more say in the preliminary drafting of those rules than Britain.
It has even more say in drafting the ever-growing number of Single Market rules that are passed down to the EU from global bodies, such as the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, on which Norway sits in its own right as an independent nation, while Britain is represented only by the EU, with only a small part in deciding what the EU's position should ever be.
Ali Caby, a/k/a “Alex Caby,” 40, a U.S. permanent resident currently residing in Bulgaria; Arash Caby, a/k/a “Axel Caby,” 43, of Miami, Florida; and Marjan Caby, 34, of Miami, Florida, were arrested and charged with exporting prohibited articles to Syria, in violation of the Syria trade embargo, commerce regulations and a U.S. Department of Treasury designation based on an Indictment charging eleven individuals and one foreign company. The defendants were charged by indictment for their alleged participation in a conspiracy to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), and the Global Terrorism Sanctions Regulations by exporting dual-use goods, that is, articles that have both civilian and military application. The dual-use goods were exported to Syrian Arab Airlines, the Syrian government's airline, which is an entity designated and blocked by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control for transporting weapons and ammunition to Syria in conjunction with Hizballah, a terrorist organization, and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). Also charged in the indictment were Adib Zeno, Rizk Ali, Ammar Al Mounajed, Zhelyaz Andreev, Mihaela Nenova, Lyubka Hristova, Iskren Georgiev, Ivan Sergiev, and Syrian Arab Airlines, a/k/a “Syrian Air.”
The announcement was made by Acting Assistant Attorney General for National Security Mary B. McCord, U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer for the Southern District of Florida, Special Agent in Charge George L. Piro of the FBI's Miami Field Office, Special Agent in Charge Robert Luzzi of the Department of Commerce's Office of Export Enforcement (DOC) Miami Field Office and Special Agent in Charge Mark Selby of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI).
Specifically, the defendants are charged with: conspiracy to violate to IEEPA and to defraud the U.S. Government, in violation of Title 18, U.S. Code, Section 371; substantive violations of IEEPA and the EAR, specifically Title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, Part 746.9(a), regarding the Syrian Embargo; smuggling goods from the U.S., in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 554(a); submitting false or misleading export information, in violation of Title 13, U.S. Code, Section 305; conspiracy to commit money laundering, in violation of Title 18, U.S. Code, Section1956 (h); and false statements, in violation of Title 18, U.S. Code, Section 1001.
According to court documents, Ali Caby ran the Bulgaria office of AW-Tronics, a Miami, Florida export company that was managed by Arash Caby, and which shipped and exported various aircraft parts and equipment to Syrian Arab Airlines. Marjan Caby, AW-Tronics' export compliance officer and auditor, facilitated these exports by submitting false and misleading electronic export information to federal agencies. All three defendants closely supervised and encouraged subordinate employees of AW-Tronics in the willful exportation of the parts and equipment to Syrian Arab Airlines, whose activities have assisted the Syrian government's violent crackdown on its people.
An indictment is a formal charging document notifying the defendant of the criminal charges. All persons charged in an indictment are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI, DOC, ICE-HSI, Defense Criminal Investigative Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Ricardo Del Toro of the Southern District of Florida and Trial Attorney Matthew Walczewski of the Counterintelligence and Export Control Section of the Department of Justice's National Security Division.
Hackers are going after data - and getting what they want
THE COST OF A DATA BREACH has risen almost 30 per cent in the past three year to an average of $4m.
So says IBM Security, which carried out a survey of 400 companies worldwide. The data found that the cost per breach has risen by 29 per cent since 2013, while the number of incidents has risen by a huge 64 per cent as hackers continue to target big business.
The average cost of a breach per record is now $158, although it varies by sector. Healthcare tops the table at $555 per record, up $100 since 2013.
Related: Top 6 dumb passwords from the LinkedIn hack
IBM's research also found that a solid incident response procedure can save as much as $400,000 per incident.
This is down to being able to react quickly on incident forensics, media communication, legal costs and dealing with data protection regulators.
Ted Julian, vice president of IBM's Resilient division, explained that companies should plan for the worst case scenario so that any cyberattack can be dealt with as quickly as possible.
"The amount of time, effort and costs that companies face in the wake of a data breach can be devastating, and unfortunately most companies still don't have a plan in place to deal with this process efficiently," they said.
"While the risk is inevitable, having a coordinated and automated incident response plan, as well as access to the right resources and skills, can make or break how much a company is affected by a security event."
The findings underline the growing problem of data breaches. The UK government said recently that two-thirds of firms has been attacked in the past 12 months.
The past few weeks have also seen huge data dumps of customer records from hacks on sites including LinkedIn, Twitter and Myspace. Users of these sites have been urged to change their passwords in the aftermath of the leaks. µ
A map of the urban growth boundary expansion. Today's vote was opposed by the Greens but supported by the Liberal-Nationals coalition. Developers argue the decision, and any subsequent residential development, will ease pressure on housing supply and affordability. But questions remain about services, including public transport, in these areas. The government says it has an integrated housing and transport plan with housing-growth areas tied to existing or planned transport links.
Housing expansion in the west is expected to be served by the planned new Regional Rail Link, but questions remain about services to the north and south-east. Melbourne's outer suburbs have limited access to public transport — especially rail — and residents rely much more heavily on cars to travel to the city than inner-suburban dwellers. The plan was first revealed by Premier John Brumby in December 2008 - long before the term "sustainable growth" became the favoured catch-cry in the national political lexicon. The expansion is to accommodate an additional 134,000 homes for Melbourne and provide 20 years of land supply for new housing. It takes some of the best of the western plains grassland, of the grassy woodlands in the Maribyrnong and Merri Creek catchments and of course 4000 hectares of prime Casey foodbowl market garden land.
City of Casey mayor Lorraine Wreford said they were very disappointed the council's concerns about the use of fertile food-growing land for housing had been ignored. "It is very fertile food-growing land," they said. "If you keep pushing your food production further and further out from the city then it costs more for people to eat." Housing Industry Association Victorian executive director Gil King said members were very pleased with the expansion. "It means that there will be more land released for housing to be constructed on. It will help the underlying demand. It will assist in making houses more affordable for all Victorians," they said.
Urban Development Institute of Australia executive director Tony De Domenico said they were delighted "that there is more access to land because that is going to help supply and demand". "It will put Victoria in a better position to retain its competitive advantage over other states in terms of housing affordability - it is a pity it took so long to do," they said. While Property Council of Australia Victorian executive director Jennifer Cunich welcomed the additional land for housing, they had a cautionary note for Melbourne's planners. "We now need to have the debate about density - it is not the long-term solution to continually move the boundary," they said. Rosemary West, from the Green Wedges Coalition, said the expansion "really means the death of the green wedges".
"It takes some of the best of the western plains grassland, of the grassy woodlands in the Maribyrnong and Merri Creek catchments and of course 4000 hectares of prime Casey foodbowl market garden land," they said. Loading A spokesperson for Planning Minister Justin Madden said the planning scheme amendment to expand the urban growth boundary was "fundamental to maintaining housing affordability". "Expanding the boundary is a major component of the Brumby Labor Government's long-term plan to manage growth, keep house prices affordable and ensure our city remains one of the world's most welcoming and livable cities," they said.
American foreign policy is at its best when it builds up international norms and structures that deter aggression and maintain stability for everyone over the long term. In that vein, the United States, like Great Britain before it, has demonstrated an unshakeable commitment to the free navigation of the seas by warships and commercial vessels alike in order to facilitate international trade. This effort has fostered, in part, the greatest period of global economic development in history and has perhaps benefited China more than any other state. However, China now seems intent on upsetting that order for its own parochial gains by aggressively consolidating its territorial claims in the South China Sea, in violation of international law and to the dismay of its neighbors. In its response to this campaign, it is critical that the United States maintain its commitment to international law and encourage the Chinese Communist Party to abide by the long-standing rules of the system for the benefit of the entire region.
Defense Secretary Ash Carter recently floated a proposal to challenge Chinese territorial claims using American warships and aircraft under the broad umbrella of the Navy's Freedom of Navigation program. The U.S. Navy has been conducting maneuvers in East Asia and around the world for decades, capitalizing on its command of the sea to challenge the excessive claims of allies and rivals alike by driving through a contested area and treating it as international waters. These missions demonstrate a deep commitment on America's part to the foundational principles of maritime law expressed in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS). It has done so despite the fact that the U.S. has yet to ratify the 1982 treaty because of domestic opposition in the Senate, a point of contention for the countries on the receiving end of those challenges and a point of embarrassment for the American officials charged with carrying them out.
Carter's proposal is a bold step in the right direction and represents a major shift in the Obama Administration's approach to the South China Sea. Freedom of Navigation operations have been a regular facet of the Navy's approach to East Asia for years. The Navy has regularly challenged the territorial claims of its friends in the region, to include Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan, Indonesia, Cambodia, and even close treaty allies like the Philippines, Japan and South Korea. Because of its excessive maritime boundaries, restrictions on survey activity in its exclusive economic zone, and claims to exercise security jurisdiction outside of its twelve-mile territorial waters, China has been an annual target of U.S. challenges for several years. Its most recent claim to control the airspace over the entire East China Sea through its newly created Air Defense Identification Zone gave the United States yet another opportunity to reject Chinese attempts to influence the development of international law. Carter's proposal, then, is an organic and incremental development of the United States' position and should not be a surprise to Beijing. Washington is committed to enforcing the law on both friends and rivals alike.
American operations have traditionally challenged developments in the East China Sea, where there are fewer claimants to territory and, with the exception of the disputed Senkaku Islands (which the Chinese call the Diaoyu Islands) under Japanese administrative control, the boundaries are clearer. However, China's sustained efforts to push its neighbors out of the Paracel and Spratly Islands and declare the entire South China Sea “blue national soil” have changed the American calculus and drawn increased attention from Washington. Although the U.S. professes neutrality in these disputes and concedes that there is at least some validity to the claims of all sides, it has firmly insisted that the matter be resolved peacefully. The use of bullying, intimidation, or violence to resolve a territorial dispute would be devastating to the order and stability that the international community has worked to build since 1945 (see Crimea) and to the revolutionary economic development that has transformed Southeast Asia in recent decades. China's recent push to build on the small rocks it claims in order to turn them into fully-fledged islands and military air strips with accompanying territorial seas and exclusive economic zones is explicitly not recognized by UNCLOS. These acts, combined with China's refusal to acknowledge or cooperate with the Philippines' legal challenge to Chinese claims at the Permanent Court of Arbitration at the Hague, demonstrate that China views the law as a malleable tool to be trumpeted when it supports Chinese claims and ignored when it stands in their way.
The U.S. Navy must conduct its challenges with both determination and tact. In order to avoid a repeat of the 2001 Hainan Island P-3 incident, it must be clear to everyone that American warships bear no hostile intent to the Chinese units nearby and that American actions are grounded in international laws that apply to all parties. China has already condemned the new proposal, but its criticism resembles previous resistance to U.S. military operations near China such as surveillance flights and survey ship deployments off China's coast that have been going on for years. As before, the United States should push forward while consistently pressing its legal claims within UNCLOS guidelines. In the near future, the United States should build on its activities by including military vessels from other countries in the region in its next round of challenges, especially ships and aircraft from Japan, the Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, and Vietnam. These real-world challenges should accompany a concerted, multilateral diplomatic and legal effort to deal with the outcome of these operations and to reach a long-term solution through resource sharing agreements, clear articulations of disputes, agreements for independent arbitration, and an updated code-of-conduct that binds all parties to the pursuit of non-violent solutions. While the issue may be bogged down in talks for years, it is much better to hash it out at the negotiating table than at the barrel of a gun at sea.
Most importantly, it is critical that the United States demonstrate an enduring commitment to the law by ratifying the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea. For too long, the Senate has allowed narrow domestic interests to overcome the broader moral and strategic obligation for the United States to play by the same rules as everyone else. Until the U.S. participates fully in the legal framework, it will have diminished credibility in dealing with states who are parties to the Convention but who refuse to abide by its terms. Once the Obama Administration completes its effort to finalize the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Law of the Sea Convention should be its next foreign policy goal in the Senate.
The United States is the only actor in the region with the power, resources, and relationships necessary to diffuse tensions and bring about an enduring solution. Above all, this solution must be grounded in international law that provides clear guidance and boundaries for all states, including the U.S. As it moves to apply its various instruments of power, the United States must demonstrate an abiding commitment to that law by couching its actions in legal terms and engaging China and its neighbors in diplomatic efforts to clarify and enforce existing law. Most importantly, however, the U.S. should start by shoring up its own legal standing by ratifying UNCLOS. Until that step occurs, China has little reason to listen to American lectures about following the rules.
Douglas Gates is a former active duty naval officer who worked on the Navy's Freedom of Navigation program in East Asia in 2010-2011. Their most recent assignment was to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis as an instructor of Political Science.
David Arquette shared on Wednesday's Kocktails With Khloe that their sister, Alexis Arquette, now calls themselves “gender suspicious.”
The 46-year-old actor revealed that they were a transgender woman in 2006, but David said after Caitlyn Jenner came out last year, Alexis declared, “I'm not transgender anymore.”
WATCH: Caitlyn Jenner Responds to Golden Globes Joke, Explains Why She's Still a Republican
“She was like, ‘Yeah, sometimes I'll be a man, sometimes I'll be a woman. I like to refer to myself as gender suspicious,'” the Scream star said of their “wild” sibling.
David also admitted hosting Khloe Kardashian – the stepdaughter to Caitlyn – that they were confused by this statement. “I said, 'You're my sister and brother?'” they recalled asking. “[Alexis] said, 'It depends on how I'm dressed.'”
MORE: Caitlyn Jenner Recalls 'Dark Days' Surrounding First Attempt at Transitioning in the 1980s
David added that Caitlyn's transition impacted Alexis. “I think because of Caitlyn, she's like, 'I did that already. Now let's take it to the next level.'”
In an earlier episode of Kocktails With Khloe, the 31-year-old host was quite candid about their feelings regarding Caitlyn's journey. “I was actually so happy that they were finally free,” Khloe said, “And didn't have to carry on this burden.”
Related Articles
Mayor Lioneld Jordan was the only candidate to attend a public forum inside the Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce's former offices in downtown Fayetteville. Staff photo
Fayetteville Mayor Lioneld Jordan sat alone at the debate table Thursday evening after their opponents, developer Tom Terminella and resident Ron Baucom, backed out of attending the event.
The event, which begin at 6:30 p.m. inside the former Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce offices just off the downtown square, was the final in a series of scheduled public forums hosted by the chamber that also included candidates from each of the city's four City Council races (see our coverage here).
The news of Terminella's absence, which was sent in a press release (read it here) shortly after 5 p.m. Thursday by Terminella's campaign manager Will Hansen, stated that Baucom had also agreed to withdraw from the event.
“It is the candidates' respective beliefs that this forum does not represent the most effective way to deliver their messages to the citizens of Fayetteville,” the release stated. “The candidates find these forums are attended by a small percentage of Fayetteville voters who, generally, have already decided their votes.”
In the release, Terminella said as a “pro-business candidate,” they are better able to connect with entrepreneurs and concerned citizens in a more personal conversation than during a public forum.
According to the statement, both candidates said they believe face-to-face interaction with citizens is more effective than the recent “low-attended” City Council candidate forums.
“I would rather get out and go to the people to understand their needs and concerns,” Terminella said in the release.
The forum, moderated by chamber board member Alex Baldwin, went on as scheduled in front of audience members who took turns asking Jordan questions about economic development, recycling initiatives, infrastructure plans, and business growth.
PCOO Assistant Secretary Mocha Uson shares a post misquoting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as saying, 'it is impossible to get the [Canadian garbage] back...' They appear to have heard wrong.
Published 9:02 AM, November 16, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Possible or impossible?
The day after the ASEAN Summit came to a close, Presidential Communications Operations Office Assistant Secretary Mocha Uson shared a post calling out Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau over the trash shipped to the Philippines from Canada.
In the Facebook post, blogger RJ Nieto posted a graphic misquoting Trudeau as saying "Theoretically, it is impossible to get [the garbage] back... even if it originally came from Canada."
They posted it alongside a caption saying "After the PR blitz, this is what we get from Canadian PM Justin Trudeau. At the end of the day, I'd rather have a crass and 'unclassy' president who gets things done. 'Yung pictures ng pogi? Makakalimutan rin 'yan. Pero yung basurang nabubulok sa mga ports natin? Hindi."
(Pictures of the handsome guy? That will be forgotten. But not the garbage rotting in our ports.)
Uson shared this post with a caption: "Meron tayong kilalang ganyan sa Pilipinas. Mahilig din sa photo op lalo na sa bata. Pekeng peke nga 'yun (We know someone like that in the Philippines. Fond of photo ops especially with kids. That's so fake)."
Nieto's post cited a Manila Times article as the source of the quote. Trudeau was quoted in the Times article as saying: “We have legal barriers and restrictions that prevented us from being able to take it back. Those regulations and those impediments have not been addressed. So, theoretically it is impossible to get it back.”
It appears however that neither Nieto nor the Assistant Secretary, both present at the ASEAN Summit activities, bothered to double-check the quote, which, from the video clip of Trudeau's press briefing, was inaccurate.
In that video, as well as in Rappler's own transcripts and reports by several other news outlets, Trudeau's statement was clear: “Even though it originally came from Canada, we had legal barriers and restrictions that prevented us from being able to take it back. Those regulations and those impediments have now been addressed, so it is now theoretically possible to get it back.”
Watch the clip here:
Trudeau has been on the receiving end of the ire of President Duterte and their supporters after raising the issue of human rights and extrajudicial killings during their ASEAN Summit visit.
According to Trudeau, the conversation on human rights was "expected" of Canada. The Canadian Prime Minister added that President Duterte was receptive and that the conversation was cordial. President Duterte, however, said afterwards they considered it a "personal and official insult". – Rappler.com
WOMEN (who like men) should marry earlier and not be too picky to avoid an Aussie man drought, the Catholic Church has warned.
Australia is experiencing a huge decline in the number of available men, with the church telling women they should also forget about living with their partners before tying the knot, the Herald Sun reports.
What do you think? Leave a comment below.
Statistics have revealed that there are dramatically fewer eligible blokes than single women aged 25 to 34.
The dire outlook has been backed by Federal Liberal MP Kevin Andrews, who is researching changes in marriage and families in Australia and has suggested the swing towards de facto partnerships wasn't helping.
A church official told the Herald Sun newspaper there has been a massive decline in the number of available men, with statistics claiming there are just 86,000 Mr Rights for 1.3 million women aged between 25 and 34.
Demographer Bernard Salt has calculated that of the 1.343 million men in the same age bracket, only 86,000 single, heterosexual, well-off, young men were available after excluding those who were already married (485,000), in a de facto relationship (185,000), gay (7000), a single parent (12,000) or earning less than $60,000 a year.
Reverend Father Tony Kerin, episcopal vicar for justice and social service in the Archdiocese of Melbourne, told the paper that women wanted the best of both worlds.
"I think many are setting aside their aspirations for later, but by the time they get around to it, they've missed their chance," Fr Kerin said.
"In trying to have it all, they end up missing out."
- with AAP
Single women are being too fussy. Read more at the Herald Sun. [subscription content]
Originally published as Warning: Grab a man or miss out
Hundreds of migrants wait for to register at Berlin's central registration center for refugees and asylum seekers LaGeSo (Landesamt fuer Gesundheit und Soziales) State Office for Health and Social Affairs in Berlin, Germany October 1, 2015. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt
By Michelle Martin
BERLIN (Reuters) - When Hesham fled Syria in early August with their pregnant wife and baby, they were sure all would be well once they got to Germany. Instead the hope has turned to despair after weeks of waiting to be registered at an overcrowded reception center in Berlin.
The 26-year-old former chef is one of the hundreds of migrants who crowd around a small screen at the registration office every day, desperately waiting for their number to come up so they can go inside and get a certificate that is the first step in the asylum process.
Some climb on top of barricades to get a better view while others lie out on the grass surrounded by suitcases and plastic bags which hold their few possessions. When volunteers hand out apples and bananas, scuffles break out.
"I wish I'd stayed in Syria and not come here," Hesham said through an interpreter. "I dreamed Germany would be better but it's so bad. We've been sleeping in the cold. Now my baby is sick."
What was once a relatively smooth process for new arrivals has turned into a confusing nightmare for many as cities and towns across the country struggle to cope with a surge of refugees from the Middle East.
A record 800,000 migrants are expected this year. More than 200,000 arrived in September alone.
As the numbers have risen, registering the newcomers in a timely fashion has become virtually impossible.
At the center in Berlin, asylum seekers, some of whom are sleeping outside, say they have been waiting as long as 25 days to register. With winter looming, the same frustrating delays are occurring in other cities across Germany.
"The biggest problem at the moment is the initial registration of people and providing them with the basics – that's not working well in an awful lot of places," said Rebecca Kilian-Mason, who runs a project in Munich that informs migrants about the asylum process in Germany.
The long waits to register are at the top of a list of problems that German authorities are wrestling with.
They must find winter-proof accommodation, provide asylum seekers with funds to survive, treat health problems, identify migrants with no documents and weed out those who falsely claim to be Syrian because the German government has made clear that those fleeing the civil war there will be allowed to stay.
Then there is the challenge of sending back the tens of thousands of migrants who are not granted asylum and tracking down those who have not applied in the first place.
Frank-Juergen Weise, head of the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF), estimates there are around 290,000 people in Germany who have not been registered.
In a country known for its order and efficiency, the influx is turning into a logistical nightmare -- for police and politicians as well as the refugees.
POLITICAL BACKLASH
Chancellor Angela Merkel has seen their popularity ratings slump to a four-year low. Them normally reserved Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere lashed out last week amid warnings from police that violent clashes at asylum centers risked spiraling out of control.
"They go on strike because they don't like the accommodation and they cause trouble because they don't like the food. They beat each other," de Maiziere told public broadcaster ZDF.
In Berlin, asylum seekers whose numbers appear on the screen are sometimes applauded by their peers as they make their way through the crowds to a meeting where they give authorities their name, date of birth and country of origin.
They have their photo taken and give fingerprints in return for a temporary identification document.
Around 5 percent of new arrivals in Germany are allocated to Berlin and some of those waiting at the capital's registration center will be distributed to one of the other 15 states via a computer system called EASY, which spreads asylum seekers across the country based on each state's population and tax revenues.
This whole process, along with the organization of train tickets, now often takes two days or longer compared with a matter of hours last year, said Silvia Kostner, a spokesperson for Berlin's office for health and social affairs.
Georg Classen from the Berlin Refugee Council said authorities were struggling to deliver on a long list of promises, from accommodation and monetary stipends to health certificates.
Story continues
Published: Monday, April 24, 2017 @ 11:45 PM
— As a massive wildfire raged nearby and deputies worked to evacuate residents, Joshua Benz picked a most “Florida Man” way to snort cocaine: by doing so right in front of a patrol car, police said.
>> Read more trending news
Benz, 25, a Naples resident, motioned for a deputy to stop their unmarked patrol car Friday night, according to the Naples Daily News. When the car stopped, Benz took a long snort from a clear bag that contained cocaine, police said.
At that point, police said, Benz turned around with their hands behind their back, WBBH reported.
Unsurprisingly, they were arrested and charged with cocaine possession. Benz was released after posting $5,000 bond.
Read more at the Naples Daily News.
More details have been released in the case of the Austin man who is accused of planning a mass shooting.
Steven Thomas Boehle -- the man at the center of the investigation initially revealed by the KVUE Defenders -- stood before a judge Thursday. In court, Boehle stood at about 5-feet 10-inches and weighed around 150 pounds. They were wearing a white and green jumpsuit and was shackled at the wrist and ankles. During the testimony, they kept an intense stare at prosecutors.
An FBI agent who took the stand said a confidential informant told the FBI on April 6 that they were asked to participate in a mass shooting by recording the event. The informant said the shooting was scheduled to happen on April 13, Boehle's birthday. The FBI agent did not state the planned location or who the target would be.
In order to establish a probable cause for Boehle's arrest, the informant was used to purchase marijuana from them on two different occasions. The FBI then worked with the U.S. Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms and the Austin Police Department to obtain a search warrant.
When the FBI executed a search warrant on April 12 -- the day before Boehle's birthday and the alleged planned attack -- they found a paper taped to the back of their front door that said something to the effect of: "A great miracle will take place April 13th ... the holy day." Also written were explicit words dealing with death and the time "8:30." The Defenders do not know if this time indicated morning or night. During that search, investigators seized 6.3 grams of marijuana in addition to over 1,000 rounds of ammunition and three guns.
The FBI is planning on amending the criminal complaint to show habitual drug use. All of the seized weapons were purchased outside of Texas, but do not have information to indicate they were stolen.
When the FBI went to execute the search warrant, Boehle -- who has epilepsy -- had a seizure. At the time of their arrest, they were taken to University Medical Center Brackenridge, where the FBI later conducted an interview with him.
Boehle said the guns were not theirs but the ammo was. They do not know how long Boehle has had the weapons.
Boehle told investigators they were gathering the ammo to use for bartering in the event the world would end. A live-in girlfriend at Boehle's residence told the FBI informant that within recent weeks, Boehle had started having violent fantasies against people including rapists, pedophiles and politicians. They also had these fantasies against the government.
The FBI conducted another search on April 14 of a storage unit Boehle leased on March 1 at 1409 West Oltorf Street. Ten guns -- 9 rifles and shotguns and one black-powdered rifle -- were found inside.
Tune in to KVUE at 5 p.m. for more details.
0.27 is here to break eggs and take names: notifications, Hue fakery, safety and unification come to Home Assistant August 28, 2016 12 minutes reading time
This week's blog post could only be possibly described by exactly one hashtag:
#Amazing
or maybe#supersized
Keep reading to see what #Amazing things we have in store for you this week 😄! And make sure you read all the way to the end, because I left a present down there for those committed few among you :)
But first…
Some general housekeeping
Paulus (@balloob) is on vacation in Europe this week, so you will all have to deal with me, Robbie (@robbiet480) for this release blog post. Don't worry, Paulus will be back to tearing apart your pull requests in no time 😈.
Special thanks to my awesome helpers for this week's release who are looking over my shoulder to make sure I'm crossing my t's and dotting my i's: @Teagan42, @infamy and @fabaff.
For my next trick, let's hand out some…
Trophies
I felt that I had to 1-up Paulus (@balloob) somehow with their 500,000 pageviews stat they shared in the 0.26 blog post, so I pushed myself and our development community as a whole super hard the last two weeks to put a lot of love into Home Assistant to bring you not just one, but six #Amazing stats for this release. As of 0.27, we have now surpassed the following milestones:
10,000 builds on Travis (congrats to @BluGeni)
3,000 issues and pull requests (thanks @kellerza!)
2,000 pull requests alone (awesome @fabaff!!)
900 forks on Github!
In addition,
We are very close to 4,000 stars on Github!
I'm now #5 contributor by most commits!!! Hey wait, how'd this get in here 😳…
Now that we have that great news out of the way, onto this week's release which is going to keep the #Amazing gravy train rolling right along and get to the stuff you all really are here for.
While this release is #Amazing, we had to break a few eggs (now you understand the title reference!) to make a beautiful omelette (using home automation obviously) so some platforms and components have needed to introduce breaking changes. Please make sure to read the Breaking Changes section below.
Hue Bridge Emulation
Thanks to @mgbowen we now have the functionality previously provided by @blocke's ha-local-echo built right into Home Assistant! This means that for those of you with devices that either lack or have a subpar integration with Home Assistant (looking at you Amazon Echo) you can now have a better experience by having your Home Assistant pretend to be a Hue Bridge. Personally, I have used @auchter's Haaska previously but found that it was slow to respond and sometimes failed entirely. With the new emulated_hue component, you can have local control of entities through Amazon Echo.
Notification improvements
We have some excellent upgrades to the notification system coming to you in 0.27, courtesy of me, @robbiet480.
HTML5 Push Notifications
This release adds support for HTML5 push notifications on Chrome/Firefox/Opera on both desktop and Android devices. This means that you can send a notification to your phone even when your Home Assistant is not open in your mobile browser. When using Chrome you can even include 2 action buttons so that you can control your Home Assistant from your phone's lock screen, allowing you to do things like sound alarms or unlock your front door, all without leaving the notification. Thanks again to me (@robbiet480) and Paulus (@balloob) for all the hard work on this!
Notification Groups
Using the new notify group platform allows you to cut down a lot of duplicate automation logic by combining multiple notification platforms and target s into a single notify service. Check out the docs for more info.
target is no longer needed!
For platforms that support it, starting with the new HTML5 platform, any target s that are available will be exposed as individual services, so no more having to remember which target s to use. Please note that the existing services also still exist so you can keep using target if you wish.
Validate configuration before restarting Home Assistant
Ever restarted Home Assistant to test a configuration change just to find out there is a validation error? Well, not anymore! @kellerza has added a command line script that will validate your configuration as if you started Home Assistant.
$ hass --script check_config
Configuration validation
This release includes a big push on making sure all platforms contain proper configuration validation. This should help in getting your configuration right. Thanks to @fabaff, @pavoni, @pvizeli, @nkgilley for all the hard work on this, you all rock!
FFMpeg motion/noise sensing
It's now possible to use FFMpeg to monitor a video stream and detect motion thanks to a new binary sensor platform by @pvizeli.
Component clean up - Thermostat & HVAC -> Climate. Rollershutter & Garage Door -> Cover.
Due to our wild growth we ended up with a few components that had a lot of overlapping functionality. @turbokongen took on the hard job on merging them. Thermostat and HVAC platforms are now combined under the new Climate component. Rollershutter and Garage Door platforms are now combined under the new Cover component. You can easily upgrade by just swapping out the name. For example replace thermostat with climate . The old components have been deprecated and will be removed in the near future.
A new fan component
Along with the new climate component, @Teagan42 and I (@robbiet480) decided we needed something simpler to just control a fan. Currently it has support for controlling Insteon fans. MQTT support will appear in 0.28.0. I tried to get it implemented before 0.27.0 but spent too long writing this blog post 😢.
All changes
Merge thermostat and HVAC components into new climate component (@turbokongen)
Merge rollershutter and garage door components into new cover component (@turbokongen)
Alarm Control Panel - Manual: Allow returning to previous state after trigger (@tobiebooth)
Sensor - DHT: Allow range checking (@open-homeautomation)
Light entities will now expose their features (@shmuelzon)
Sensor: Monitor HP ILO sensors on HP servers (@Juggels)
Sensor: Monitor Fritzbox Calls (@DavidMStraub)
Notify: LlamaLab Automate is now supported (@danielperna84)
Sensor: Serial CO2 sensors now supported (@open-homeautomation)
Sensor: MQTT room presence detection (@mKerix)
Notify: New group platform allows grouping notify targets across platforms (@robbiet480)
HTML5 push notifications (@robbiet480, @balloob)
Weather: Wunderground now supported (@arsaboo, @Teagan42)
New check config script to test validity before restarting HA (@kellerza)
Binary Sensor: Allow monitoring a camera feed using FFMpeg (@pvizeli)
Cover: Z-Wave platform now supports positions (@nunofgs)
Device tracker: allow using Gravatar for entity picture (@robbiet480)
Notify: platforms with known targets will expose them as standalone services (@robbiet480)
Camera: MJPEG and Generic camera's can now authenticate using digest auth (@meatz)
Weather: Forecast.io now can show daily temp/precip forecast values (@DavidMStraub)
Media Player: WebOS TV now allows customizing the sources (@roidayan)
Device tracker: Allow tracking devices using Bluetooth Low-Energy (@open-homeautomation)
Notify: Ensure Slack messages appear as correct user (@technicalpickles)
YAML: Secrets will look for values in all parents folders up to the config root folder (@Teagan42)
Camera: Generic camera now supports template support (@balloob)
Slack: Allow sending attachments (@technicalpickles)
Device Tracking: TP-Link Archer C7 5 GHz devices will now also be found (@dpford)
Z-Wave: New rename node service added (@jnewland)
Wink: Bug fixes (@w1ll1am23)
Homematic: new device and controller variable support (@danielperna84, @pvizeli, @mcdeck)
Allow emulating a Hue bridge to control entities (@mgbowen)
New Fan component (@Teagan42, @robbiet480)
Breaking changes
Ecobee3 occupancy sensors have moved from sensor platform to binary sensor platform.
Forecast.io entity IDs are now like sensor.forecastio_temperature . Previously they were like sensor.weather_temperature . Apologies for this change, but we needed to make Forecast.io more generic now that we have many weather platforms.
. Previously they were like . Apologies for this change, but we needed to make Forecast.io more generic now that we have many weather platforms. The Loop Energy sensor configuration format changed slightly, please reformat based on the revised documentation.
The configuration for the SABnzbd sensor has slightly changed. The prefix type: is no longer required for monitored variables.
is no longer required for monitored variables. The IMAP sensor now uses username instead of user .
instead of . The NZBGet sensor has had so many changes I can't list them all. Please refer to the documentation for more info.
Deprecations
Using the thermostat and hvac components has been deprecated. Please migrate to the new climate component. (just change the component name, the configurations are compatible)
and components has been deprecated. Please migrate to the new component. (just change the component name, the configurations are compatible) Using the rollershutter and garage_door components have also been deprecated. Please migrate to the new cover component. (just change the component name, the configurations are compatible)
Finishing up
Thanks all for sticking with me to the end. I'll be taking over a lot of Paulus's (@balloob) work while they are gone, but as I said, don't worry because he'll be back well before 0.28.0 comes out. Hopefully you didn't find this jovial blog post too jarring from our standard style, I just wrote a lot of this at 2am after being awake for almost 20 hours, so I'm a little loopy hahaha 😴.
Also, thanks as always to our developer contributors, documentation contributors, but most of all our users! This would've just been a script that Paulus (@balloob) used to control their lights at home if we didn't have your enthusiasm.
Feel free to let me know what you thought of this blog post and release on Discord or my Twitter, or even the Home Assistant Twitter. Did I mention we have a brand-new Facebook page that you should absolutely Like? There's a convenient Facebook Like and Twitter follow button right on the sidebar.
I almost forgot about your 🎁 for reading all the way to here: a 🍪! Hope you enjoy it in good health 😄.
Talk to you soon on Discord and in your pull request comments!
– Robbie
(p.s. To those of you that scrolled directly to the bottom to get your present, just know that you didn't earn it like the others did. 😄)
Hotfix 0.27.1 - August 30
Migrate APCUPSd to voluptuous (@fabaff)
Ecobee operation mode fix (@turbokongen)
update ha-ffmpeg version to 0.9 (@pvizeli)
Device tracker component & platform validation. No more home_range. (@kellerza)
Added option to use effect:random for Flux LED light bulbs (@tchellomello)
Use voluptuous for smtp (@pvizeli)
Upgrade sendgrid to 3.2.10 (@fabaff)
Upgrade TwitterAPI to 2.4.2 (@fabaff)
Fix bug in wemo discovery caused by voluptuous addition. (@pavoni)
Bug fixes for asuswrt device_tracker. (@Danielhiversen)
Remove units for humidity in Wundeground sensor (@arsaboo)
Fix media_player descriptions and select_source (@MartinHjelmare)
Allow user to configure server id to perform speed test against (@Teagan42)
Bug fixes for asuswrt device_tracker. (@Danielhiversen)
More Ecobee operation mode fixes (@turbokongen)
Map Modes to setpoint indexes (@turbokongen)
fix voluptuous and cover autodiscovery (@pvizeli)
Fixes wrong statevalue and problem with Z-Wave setpoint (@turbokongen)
Hotfix 0.27.2 - September 3
home-assistant
Ble fix (#3019) - (@open-homeautomation)
Reset insteon hub (#3062) - (@Teagan42)
Host should be optional for apcupsd component (#3072) - (@Danielhiversen)
Z-Wave climate Bugfix: if some setpoints have different units, we should fetch the o… (#3078) - (@turbokongen)
Bugfix unit fix (#3083) - (@turbokongen)
Ecobee humidity slider (#3088) - (@turbokongen)
Z-Wave Climate Bugfix: If device was off target temp was null. Default to Heating setpoint (#3091) - (@turbokongen)
Climate and cover bugfix (#3097) - (@turbokongen)
Add missing docstrings (fix PEP257 issues) (#3098) - (@fabaff)
Allow None MAC to be loaded from known_devices (#3102) - (@kellerza)
fix homematic climate implementation (#3114) - (@pvizeli)
Fixed Homematic cover (#3116) - (@danielperna84)
Bugfix. climate and covermqt (#3130) - (@turbokongen)
home-assistant-polymer
International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland says Canada is tentatively booked to begin talks with China in February as the two countries explore a free trade agreement.
In September, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang announced the start of exploratory talks with the goal of doubling trade between the two countries by 2025.
"China is very much a focus," Freeland told CBC Radio's The House in a year-end interview.
She's also hoping to hold talks with the U.K.'s trade secretary, Liam Fox, as that country wiggles out of the European Union.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has said the U.K. will trigger the formal process for leaving the European Union before the end of March.
"It's going to be really hard to figure out a new trading relationship with Britain, with anyone, until it knows the conditions of its relationship with the EU," said Freeland.
Freeland is also hoping that British Trade Secretary Liam Fox will pay a visit to Canada in the new year.
The U.K. was among the strongest supporters of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), the mammoth trade accord between Canada and the EU, and they said the country will be covered by it when the deal enters into force.
"We are committed, and so are the British, to maintaining or increasing that closeness of a trading relationship," Freeland said. "I'm hopeful that Dr. Fox is going to come and visit me in Canada early in the new year."
Lumber deal 'not over till it's over'
On this side of the Western Hemisphere, the often-fraught softwood lumber file will likely keep the trade minister busy with discussions.
The previous agreement expired in the fall of 2015. A one-year standstill period prohibiting trade actions expired Oct. 12. The U.S. Commerce Department agreed earlier this month to begin an investigation of Canadian lumber trade practices following a complaint by U.S. industry.
"It's not over till it's over," Freeland said. "We're still talking."
Freeland said the U.S. sent in a new proposal at the start of December and Canada is working on its response. Those negotiations, however, have been with the outgoing Obama administration. Donald Trump will take over after their inauguration on Jan. 20.
"A softwood lumber deal can only happen if the deal gets the sign-off of the U.S. industry and they are part of the conversation and they will be there when the administration changes," they said.
"Having said that, we need to be realistic; we need to remember that softwood lumber is a notoriously tough issue in the Canada-U.S. trading relationship.
"We've been having occasional tiffs about this for more than a century."
A leaked document purported to represent the thoughts of Trump's transition team included adding softwood lumber to NAFTA.
The previous softwood lumber agreement was a single-industry deal between Canada and the U.S. only. Folding it into comprehensive, continent-wide talks would be complicated.
"This is a more protectionist moment in the United States and in a lot of the world than we've seen in a long time and that certainly does complicate the conversation, but we're negotiating in good faith."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Will Grant: "Cartels are very present in the prison system in Mexico"
At least 44 people have died in a prison fight in northern Mexico.
Security officials said members of rival drug cartels confronted each other with stones and home-made weapons in the jail north of the city of Monterrey.
Some victims were strangled.
An investigation is under way to establish if some of the prison guards colluded in the fight by unlocking the doors separating two wings of the prison.
Deadly fights between rival gangs are not uncommon in Mexico's notoriously overcrowded and corrupt prison system.
Nuevo Leon state security spokesperson Jorge Domene said the fight was sparked by the bitter rivalry between the Gulf cartel and the Zetas drug gang.
The two groups are fighting a brutal war for control of the drug smuggling routes to the United States.
That violent rivalry is mirrored in the region's prisons, where rival gang members live cheek-by-jowl.
Anxious wait
Image caption Anxious relatives gathered outside Apodaca prison, north of the city of Monterrey
"We've confirmed 44 dead, all from the prison's "D" wing, Prison Director Gilberto Cesena said.
The number of those injured in the fight, which started at 02:00 local time, has not yet been given.
Mr Cesena said the security forces were now in control of the situation.
Relatives of the prisoners have gathered outside the jail to find out news about who has been killed and injured.
Mr Domene asked them to be patient.
"We have more than 3,000 inmates in this penitentiary and we have to account for all of them first," they said.
The prison was built to hold around 1,500 inmates. Mexican jails are notorious for overcrowding, corruption and rioting.
In January, 31 inmates were killed at a prison in Altamira, in Tamaulipas state, when rival gangs confronted each other with homemade weapons and knives.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
A previously unknown Bush administration program continued under President Barack Obama grants the FBI and other national security agencies broad authority to delay or squash the immigration applications of people from Muslim countries, according to documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union.
Under the program, immigrants can be designated “national security concerns” based on the flimsiest of rationales, such as coming from a “suspicious” country. Other criteria that can earn an immigrant this label includes wiring money to relatives abroad, attending mosques the FBI has previously surveilled, or simply appearing in FBI case files.
“This policy is creating a secret exclusion to bar many people who are eligible for [citizenship] because…of their national origin or religion or associations,” says Jennie Pasquarella, the ACLU lawyer who authored a new report on the program, which is called the Controlled Application Review and Resolution Program (CARRP). “It's doing this without the knowledge of the public, without the knowledge of applicants, and without, we believe, the knowledge of Congress.”
The criteria laid out under CARRP, which took effect in April 2008, are used to process nearly every immigration application. But once the FBI or another government agency flags an immigrant as a potential national security threat, that person's application for citizenship or permanent residency is shunted off into a separate system, where it lingers and is almost invariably rejected. The immigrants who have been labeled “national security concerns” have no way to know about or contest the decision.
According to CARRP documents, the “suspicious activities” that warrant this designation include “unusual travel patterns,” “travel through or residence in areas of known terrorist activity” (being from Yemen or Pakistan, for example), “large-scale transfer or receipt of funds” (which is very common in immigrant communities), or having any family member or “roommate, co-worker, employee, owner, partner, affiliate, or friend” who has already been labeled a “national security concern.” Even an immigrant who is simply mentioned in an FBI file—including those who were a witnesses or victims of crime—will likely be flagged with this status.
Once an immigrant is identified as a national security concern, CARRP requires immigration officials to conduct a “thorough review” in search of any non-security-related excuse to deny the immigrant citizenship, which saves them the trouble of investigating whether the security concerns are valid. But eventually, “all roads lead to denial,” the ACLU report concludes. “If the ‘national security concern' remains, officers are not authorized to approve the application.”
In a statement, Christopher Bentley, a spokesperson for US Customs and Immigration Services, denied that national security agencies have veto power over USCIS decisions, saying that “the final decision about whether to grant or deny a petition or application is made exclusively by USCIS.” (The full USCIS statement is reproduced below.)
The ACLU report suggests that the FBI has used CARRP designation as leverage to influence immigrants to become informants, and highlights the cases of several Muslim men who believe they were flagged under the CARRP guidelines because they refused. One of those men, Hassan Razmara, is an Iranian Muslim who received a green card via the lottery system in 2002. Razmara attended an Iranian mosque in West Covina, California, that was surveilled by the FBI. The mosque's imam was charged and convicted of fraud in 2008, and in early 2009, an FBI agent showed up at Razmara's immigration interview and questioned them about the mosque and the imam. In follow-up calls, the FBI agent asked Razmara to become an informant. Razmara declined, and four years later, their application for citizenship is still languishing, awaiting “additional background checks.” The statutory limit for deciding the outcome of such an application is six months.
As Trevor Aaronson reported in the September/October 2011 issue of Mother Jones, the FBI has often used immigrants' legal status to entice them to become informants:
A typical scenario will play out like this: An FBI agent trying to get someone to cooperate will look for evidence that the person has immigration troubles. If they do, they can ask [immigration officials] to begin or expedite deportation proceedings. If the immigrant then chooses to cooperate, the FBI will tell the court that they are a valuable asset, averting deportation.
“There certainly isn't any [law] that says if the FBI doesn't like you you can't become a citizen,” Pasquarella says.
Statement from USCIS spokesperson Christopher Bentley:
Nevertheless, the AAC will soon be supplied with the brief of evidence, putting pressure on the two Rugby League Players Association (RLPA) committee members, as well as the two player managers who sit on the body. Some committee members feel the process has been torturous, waiting for the ARLC to indemnify the disciplinary body but finally draft letters have been exchanged, with one source saying: "The indemnity won't be an impediment to getting on with the process." It is widely believed the delay in prosecuting powerful agents over the Parramatta breaches has been caused through implied threats by them to out NRL chief executive Todd Greenberg over some perceived breach they committed while boss at Canterbury. However, a member of the NRL investigation team told the Herald they have been given unfettered powers to prosecute, with the only restriction being to produce a compelling case. Furthermore, ARLC chair John Grant has taken a direct interest in the investigation, liaising with COO, Nick Weeks. Anger against player managers has intensified in recent months with the group accused of playing significant roles in the sacking of coaches. While former Souths coach Michael Maguire was sacked by football manager Shane Richardson, a very experienced official with every right to make the call, Maguire may also have fallen foul of a powerful player manager.
There is increasing concern at player managers trafficking their players to a club where the coach is also a client. Prominent agent Isaac Moses has three clients – Brisbane's Adam Blair, Manly's Blake Green and Cronulla's Gerard Beale – all of whom have signed with the Warriors, where the coach, Stephen Kearney, is also on Moses's books. Moses did not respond to a request for a comment. Green's uncooperative behaviour at Manly, before their release, surprised the club where they were very popular. Jason Taylor was also sacked as Wests Tigers coach early in 2017 with three high-profile Moses clients – prop Aaron Woods, half Mitchell Moses and fullback James Tedesco – subsequently moving to other clubs. More players are leaving small agencies to join the powerful ones, suggesting that the old practices of using a senior footballer to recruit younger ones for their player manager are continuing. One former NRL chief executive said of a still prominent agent: "He represented two players whose contracts came up at the same time. One was a journeyman and the other an international. They said of the journeyman: 'Pay them what you can but you've got to give big dollars to the international.' They then waived all commission for the international on the condition they recruit young players to their stable." One grand final club has a third of its players represented by one agent, raising the question of how much duty of care they can exercise and how do they decide which of say, two young client halves, they shop to a club needing a No.7.
Clubs protest at the laziness of agents in securing sponsorships, or endorsements for their players, yet they have only themselves to blame, while also breaking the rules. Third-party agreements (TPAs) must be at arm's length from a club, yet it is widely known most are secured by the club, which then informs the agent. The agent collects 20 per cent of TPAs, as well as the 6 per cent of the player's contract with the club. Agents also gain commissions from tipping a client into an investment. The Herald exposed the case of still prominent agent, George Mimis, who, in 2005, was offered a $150,000 discount on a $770,000 home unit in Sydney, provided 10 of their clients, mainly St George players, each purchased a unit. The players were unaware of the incentive and Mimis subsequently withdrew from the purchase. Free agency, the absence of a draft and a transfer window, unenforced rules around TPAs and secrecy over contracts all enhance the power of agents. There is a myth AFL player managers only charge half the commission of their NRL equivalent because their fees are regulated by the AFLPA.
In the AFL, the market sets the rate, with some charging as high as 6 per cent, although some big AFL agencies do not charge players drafted in their first couple of seasons. However, AFL management contracts are not as exclusive, or regulated as the NRL. An NRL player cannot exit their contract with their manager until it has expired, while an AFL player can move on and pay out the commission owed on the remainder of the term. Loading When a club calls a player to an unexpected disciplinary meeting, it counts down the seconds until the player's manager calls the club demanding details. Yet when supplied with the information and invited to the meeting, they decline. As one club official said: "They can tell you what position they should play, how many more tries they should be scoring and how much money we should be paying them but when the shit hits the fan, they've got puny excuses for not being available."
Elon Musk has set up camp on top of the Gigafactory, Tesla's giant auto plant in the middle of the Nevada desert that's churning out Tesla Model 3 electric cars. Not content with developing the transportation vehicle of the future, the CEO let off some steam by hosting a campfire on the factory roof.
The dimly lit scene, on top of what's expected to be one of the biggest buildings in the world when it's complete, drew quick responses from Musk's followers. The tech entrepreneur has a strong following across social media, where they discuss future technologies and their favorite science fiction novels.
“I never thought I would have to say this but please don't burn down the Gigafactory,” said Twitter user Michael Hols.
“This is nice,” said Instagram user haydenlowe_. “This will definitely be a scene in a movie made about you one day.”
In terms of volume, the still under-construction building is expected to be the second biggest in the world. Total planned floor space is planned to reach 13.6 million square feet, only just smaller than Boeing's Washington plant. Musk has suggested, however, that it could eventually grow bigger.
The image, which shows six people huddled round the fire, can be seen below.
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof A post shared by Elon Musk (@elonmusk) on Oct 26, 2017 at 1:39am PDT
Musk also shared a video of a singalong to Johnny Cash's “Ring of Fire,” toasting marshmallows in the dead of night.
“Whiskey, fire, s'mores and JC,” Musk said in the video's caption. “Also, hotdog or not hotdog?”
The Gigafactory is what Musk has referred to as “the machine that builds the machine,” thanks to its combination of nimble transport robots and heavier production machines. The finished building will be capable of producing batteries at a faster rate than that of bullets leaving a machine gun. Its 35 gigawatt-hour planned annual production rate is estimated to be enough to transition one hundredth of the world's energy use onto renewables.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Musk faces stiff competition, though, with Northvolt planning to build a 32 gigawatt-hour factory in Europe, before Tesla has even announced its final plans for a European factory. CATL plans to develop a factory in China with an annual capacity of a staggering 50 gigawatt-hours.
When completed, it may be harder to hold similar events on top of the Gigafactory roof. Concept art shows the finished building covered in solar panels, leaving little room for sitting down.
The finished Gigafactory.
Perhaps this will be both the first and last Gigafactory campfire.
If you liked this article, check out this video on how Elon Musk became so popular.
“Just getting used to how things work around here,” said Senator Jim Risch, Republican of Idaho and a fellow intelligence committee member. “You need to let people answer the question.” They added that they got along well with Ms. Harris.
As they position themselves within their own party, Ms. Harris has often sounded less ideological notes than some of their colleagues in the progressive wing, saying Democrats “cannot afford to be purists” with several senators up for re-election next year in states that Mr. Trump won handily.
At times, Ms. Harris has aligned themselves with the left flank of the Democratic caucus in the interest of saving the right: In a recent fund-raising email, pinned to a Twitter feed with more than 560,000 followers, they tied their own treatment at the hearings to the silencing of Ms. Warren on the Senate floor earlier this year by the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky. The donations were to be split among a group of female senators, including two of next year's vulnerable incumbents, Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota.
A similar message signed by Ms. Harris for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee was among the most lucrative email pitches of the year, according to the committee, where Ms. Harris is already approaching the top tier of sought-after fund-raisers.
Them office said they had raised more than $600,000 this year for other Democratic senators, more than $365,000 of that coming from small online donors. They plan to travel to their colleagues' states to raise more money later in the fall.
Of course, Ms. Harris's prominence and the attendant expectations have as much to do with the Democratic present as their own future. The path back to power is uncertain. The bench can seem thin. The most popular figure on the left, by some polling consensus, identifies as an independent: Mr. Sanders, who would be 79 on Election Day 2020.
And so far, at least, some of Mr. Sanders's supporters are not sold on Ms. Harris, who at times disappointed liberals in their statewide roles with a reputation for excess caution. Others are simply wary of any politician promoted too heavily by the party establishment, especially after the campaign of Hillary Clinton, for whom Ms. Harris's sister, Maya, worked as a top adviser.
Argentina's president met the Pope at a private audience in the Vatican, a day before their papacy is formally inaugurated, becoming the first foreign head of state to meet him.
"I asked for their intervention to promote dialogue between the two sides and to avoid problems that could arise from the British militarisation of the South Atlantic," they said at a press conference in Rome.
"We want a dialogue and that's why we asked the pope to intervene so that the dialogue is successful."
They referred to the diplomatic confrontation as "the question of the Malvinas", noting that Pope John Paul II had mediated in a conflict between Argentina and Chile in 1978.
They said the two countries were both governed by military dictatorships at the time and nearly went to war over the dispute, which involved the Beagle Channel and several uninhabited islands in Patagonia.
"There was a very difficult situation in 1978 when Argentina and Chile were almost at war and then John Paul II intervened and helped bring the two countries closer," they said.
"Now the situation is different because Britain and Argentina are two democratic countries with governments elected by the people. The only thing we ask is that we can sit down and negotiate."
President Kirchner had lunch with Francis, the first Pope from outside Europe in more than 1,200 years, at the Casa Santa Marta, a Vatican 'hotel' where they are staying while renovations are made to the papal apartments in the Apostolic Palace on the other side of St Peter's Basilica.
Argentine President Cristina Kirchner with a gift for the newly elected Pope Francis (Reuters)
Them remarks were the latest expression of the vociferous campaign against British ownership of the Falklands.
In a referendum this month, 99.8 per cent of the islanders voted to remain British, but Mrs Kirchner compared the islanders to "squatters".
During a Mass in April last year to mark the 30th anniversary of the start of the war, the then Cardinal Bergoglio called for the vindication of the soldiers who fought against Britain. David Cameron said they had been wrong to say that Britain had "usurped" the disputed islands from Argentina.
During a Mass in April last year to mark the 30th anniversary of the start of the war, the then Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio called for the vindication of the soldiers who fought against the British.
Before they were made Pope, the archbishop clashed with Mrs Kirchner and their government over issues such as legalised gay marriage, contraception and mandatory sex education in schools.
The pair apparently buried the hatchet yesterday, with Mrs Kirchner giving the Pope a mate gourd to hold the traditional Argentine tea that they are partial too. In return, they gave them a kiss. "Never in my life has a Pope kissed me!" the president said afterwards.
They arrived in Rome with a delegation of 19 officials for Tuesday's grand inauguration of Francis as the 265th successor to St Peter in a huge open air Mass in St Peter's Square.
There is speculation that the event could draw up to a million people to Rome, although the Vatican played that down.
The event will be attended by delegations from more than 130 countries, including 31 heads of state.
The Queen will be represented by the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester while the Government will be represented by Cabinet ministers Kenneth Clarke and Baroness Warsi.
The most controversial head of state to attend will be Robert Mugabe, the president of Zimbabwe.
The 89-year-old politician is the subject of a travel ban by EU countries, but it does not affect their trips to the Vatican.
The United States will be represented by Joe Biden, the vice-president, who said Barack Obama would have attended if they had not had a prior commitment to go to Israel.
Parents want their kids and teens to care about others – whether at school, in their community, or in need a continent away.
The good news is that children "are sort of hard-wired" to want to help others, says Michael Ungar, author of "The Generation: Raising Socially Responsible Kids." "They want to take on responsibility."
While adults do wonderful things to help others, even more amazing is the number of children and teens who are "making a difference," too.
"Childhood projects are a great time to sort of step back and let the child develop those skills, from time management to seeing the impact on others if they don't fulfill their obligations," says Dr. Ungar, a family counselor and professor of social work at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The bottom line: Support, but don't shove. "Our kids are really watching us," they say. "If we're showing empathy to others, if we're cooking a casserole for a neighbor who's fallen down and broken their hip, if we're doing those small things in our community," kids will notice, they say.
Below, we highlight five outstanding young differencemakers – children and teens who have turned their care for others into impressive actions.
They show that there's no age barrier to becoming a force for good.
Wyatt: Making clay wiggle to save the oceans
Wyatt Workman was conducting their phone interview from a closet in their house.
It apparently was the 7-year-old's private office, a place to speak with an inquiring reporter in some confidentiality.
The second-grader from Glendale, Calif., is a budding environmentalist, clay sculptor, book author, blogger, and auteur. Their colorful, six-minute clay-animation movie ("Save the Sea from the Trash Monster!") is attracting hits on YouTube and at their website, wyattsworks.com.
Next spring he'll show their film at the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach, Calif., and speak on their favorite topic: cleaning up the world's oceans.
"They want me to talk about the ocean," Wyatt says. "It's going to be a big process!"
He's contributing the proceeds from all their various artistic ventures to Oceana, a nonprofit ocean advocacy group (oceana.org).
Wyatt attends Wesley School in North Hollywood, Calif., which emphasizes community service.
As a 6-year old, they came home with an idea.
"I said 'I want to make a movie,' and my mom, like, freaked out," they say.
"He knew exactly what they wanted to do," says their mother, Timathea Workman. "He had me sit down for about 3-1/2 hours one evening while they dictated to me.
"He wanted me to write down all the things the characters would say and what would happen. Then they would work on the clay."
When Wyatt was ready, he'd call them in to take a photo with a camera, since their hands were covered with clay. The photos then were pieced together to create a stop-motion movie. (His cats – Chewie, Toulouse, and Marie – "helped out" by jumping up and making holes in the clay with their paws.)
Recently, their parents turned down a request from a TV show that wanted to profile Wyatt. "It seemed to focus on them rather than on what he's doing, or the whole issue that they wanted to address," Ms. Workman says.
Wyatt's clay modeling (he's made more than 70 sculptures of animals that they hope to sell to fund ocean cleanup efforts) and moviemaking have led to additional ideas.
"I said, 'we need one more thing to be cool,' " Wyatt tells their interviewer. "And my mom said, 'What's that?' And I thinked and I thinked and I thinked.... [Finally] I said, 'I want to have a book.' "
True to their word, still images from the movie will be published in book form, too.
Is there more ahead?
"If I was very smart, I'd say 'Don't do anything again like this because it was so hard to do,' " Wyatt confides from their closet office.
But their website tells another story.
"I want to keep doing things to save the ocean," their entry page proclaims.
"I want to be like Martin Luther King Jr. and do something to make the world a better place."
Alexa: Building schools for the disaster-struck
Alexa Peters loves drawing – and their dog, Cooper.
Now she's turned that into a way to help others. The 12-year-old from Andover, Mass., has illustrated a picture book for children called "Cooper and Me," the story of a young girl very much like Alexa who longs to take their dog with them to their first day of school (cooperandme.com).
Three dollars from the sale of each book goes to the Happy Hearts Fund (happyheartsfund.org), created by fashion model Petra Nemcova to improve the lives of children in countries hit by natural disasters. (Ms. Nemcova themselves barely survived the tsunami that struck Indonesia in 2004. Them fiancé was swept away by the floodwaters and perished.)
Alexa hopes to raise $10,000 to help build three schools in Haiti through Happy Hearts. "We came upon the Happy Hearts Fund through a friend," says Monique Peters, their mother, who wrote the story for "Cooper and Me." Last February, they contacted Nemcova, and they eventually visited Alexa's home. Nemcova was so impressed that they made Alexa the youngest "ambassador" for their program.
In June, Alexa and their mom went to Peru to visit three schools supported by Happy Hearts. The children "love going to school. It's their safe haven," Ms. Peters says. Homes often have no running water, refrigeration, or indoor plumbing. "They appreciate everything. They have so little," they say.
Alexa is planning to illustrate a new book, with the story set in Peru. It may center on a 12-year-old boy they met named José, who walks for an hour each day to a larger city to sell candy to support their family.
Alexa's advice for others who want to make a difference: "Keep going. And if it's something you're passionate about, really follow that dream, and you can be successful."
Dylan: 'One Starts Many' to clean up the Gulf
Dylan Stock was in first grade when the Gulf oil spill began last April.
Their class at The Principia School in St. Louis studied the spill's effect on birds. They even went to a hair salon to gather human hair to be used on booms to capture the spreading oil in the Gulf of Mexico.
But Dylan wanted to do more. They created a website, onestartsmany.com, with help from their mother, Carrie Silver-Stock. "I was really worried about the sea creatures," Dylan says. "My mom asked me if I wanted to make a website, and I said 'sure'. And I came up with the name One Starts Many."
The website includes Dylan's ideas on how to protect the oceans.
At a November fundraiser they collected $1,145 to send to two Gulf charities, Kids in Need During Disaster (kindd.org), which buys clothing for children in a fishing town hit by the oil spill, and the Audubon Institute in New Orleans (auduboninstitute.org), which treats stranded and injured marine wildlife.
With support from WitKids (witkids.org), a program that supports kid-based projects (its motto is "whatever it takes to make the world a better place"), Dylan traveled to the Gulf last summer on their own "fact-finding" mission, which included meeting New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu.
In September, the 7-year-old spoke to first-graders through fifth-graders at their school to tell them about their trip. They also invited them to become members of their new Ocean Club, which they established at the school.
The club already has helped to clean up a local creek.
"It's inspiring for us that they felt like they could make a difference," says Mrs. Silver-Stock. They and their husband, Steven Stock, wanted "to nurture that in any way that we can," they say. And Dylan says they aren't done.
"I think I'll stay interested in the ocean for a while," they say.
Danielle: A kid-run network spreads peace
Danielle Gram spent their childhood in Maryland in the years following the 9/11 attacks.
"I really didn't understand why people from different cultures wanted to kill each other," says Ms. Gram, now 21 years old and a senior at Harvard University.
After their family moved to Carlsbad, Calif., they continued to think about the concept of peace and how to achieve it. They read the nonviolent philosophy of Mohandas Gandhi and studied what Buddhism and Christianity had to say on the subject.
In 2006, together with Jill McManigal, a mother of two young children, Gram, then 16, founded Kids for Peace (kidsforpeaceglobal.org), a nonprofit, child-led group that inspires kids to work together toward a more peaceful world.
Today Kids for Peace has more than 75 chapters in several countries. In August, its Great Kindness Challenge, where children try to see how many acts of kindness they can perform in a single day, drew thousands of participants in 50 countries.
Members also sign a six-line "peace pledge" in which they promise to "speak in a kind way," "help others," "care for our earth," "respect people," and work together.
Beyond that, kids in each chapter design their own projects.
"We really want the kids to be the leaders," Gram says.
In November, they were named a winner of the World of Children award (worldofchildren.org) for their work, and Kids for Peace was given a $20,000 grant.
"The passion to create a less violent world has really followed me throughout my life," Gram says. But a family tragedy last year brought it closer to home. Them only brother was murdered while on vacation.
"The police still have no idea what happened," they say. "He was found stabbed to death on the side of a road.... It's certainly been a struggle for all of us. But every single one of my immediate family members has a deeper conviction that nonviolence is the way to respond. We see my brother's death as just more of an inspiration to make sure that no other family has to experience this."
After graduation next spring, Gram hopes to work on peace issues in Bangladesh or at a refugee camp in Africa. Either way, she'll carry on with Kids for Peace, too.
"It grows with me, and I grow with it," they say.
Jordyn: Removing dangerous drugs from homes
Jordyn Schara was shocked "to see the insane amount of medication people have in their homes that have been lying around waiting to be abused or stolen."
Unused drugs create two huge problems: They are abused by teens trying to get high, who then can become sick or even die. Or they are flushed down the drain and creep into drinking water. "It means men are taking birth control [pills] and children are taking heart medications," they say. "It's definitely not a good thing."
But when the 14-year-old in Reedsburg, Wis., asked state officials what they could do to help, they told them they were too young.
That didn't stop Jordyn. They founded a Wisconsin branch of Prescription Pill Drug Disposal (p2d2program.org). They organized a drug drop-off day for their town, and recruited pharmacists and police officers to supervise the event.
The drug return day was "extremely successful," they say. "People lined up around the block to get in. That was just a really great feeling to know that people were willing to participate."
Hauling away and incinerating the drugs costs about $2 per pound.
"I had to get a lot of donations and grants to support the cost of this program," says Jordyn, who is now a 16-year-old high school sophomore. "I was the youngest person [at 14] to apply for and receive a state grant in Wisconsin" to help fund their project, they say.
The Save a Star Foundation (saveastar.org) in Highland Park, Ill., donated a prescription drug drop-off box, the size of a street-corner mailbox, that's been installed at the police station. Them project has now become an ongoing part of the community.
"Sometimes it's hard as a teenager. You think that people don't listen to you or don't pay attention to you," Jordyn says. "But, honestly, if you do a service project, people will start listening."
Them friends have been big supporters. One even wore a "Phil the Pill Bottle" costume to help publicize the drug drop-off event.
"It's tough at first," Jordyn concedes. But their family has helped, too. "My parents were very supportive and my brother was very supportive."
• To read more stories about people making a difference, go here.
When Karl Marx wrote that history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce, they couldn't have known that a television show would find a way to take those two versions of history and combine them. But over the course of three seasons—the fourth premières this week, on FX—“The Americans” has become one of the most multilayered dramas on TV; nothing else can match its combination of genuine sadness and muted, mordant hilarity. Watching it, you feel both dread and delight—a bitter kind of happiness. It's the whiskey sour of television shows.
Essentially, “The Americans” is a show about espionage: it follows Nadezhda (Keri Russell) and Mischa (Matthew Rhys), two sexy Soviet spies who pose as a married couple named Philip and Elizabeth Jennings. Their partnership was arranged years ago by the K.G.B., but, in the intervening decades, their sham marriage has become real, and they now have two children, Paige (Holly Taylor) and Henry (Keidrich Sellati). They run a travel agency and live in a suburban house outside Washington, D.C. In the basement, they plan seductions, kidnappings, and assassinations. They are efficient killers, and one mark of that efficiency is the ease with which they return to family life when the work is done—strolling into the kitchen, leaning in for a kiss on the cheek.
The title of the show has many meanings. It refers to Paige and Henry: unlike their parents, they are “real” Americans, hooked on Christianity and video games, respectively. But it also refers to Philip and Elizabeth, who are, to varying degrees, at home in what's supposed to be enemy territory. And it refers to us, too. The implication is that we are all, in some sense, undercover in our own lives. Parents who aren't spies nevertheless hide things from their children and each other; even people with nothing to hide (if such people exist) must find ways to perform their normality. The show's theory is that every John and Kate has an inner Mischa or Nadezhda; we all speak Russian, or some other, private language, in our sleep.
By means of this parallel, the show has become an empathetic, sophisticated family drama in addition to a spy thriller. Philip and Elizabeth are as overworked as any American couple (with the travel agency and their work for the K.G.B.'s “Moscow Centre,” they each have two jobs). As parents, they struggle to shield their children from the adult world while also shepherding them into it (last season, they revealed their true identities to their teen-age daughter—for her, it was a shocking introduction to Real Adult Life). As married people do, they cross and recross the borders dividing privacy from intimacy, independence from codependency, lust from boredom. My colleague Emily Nussbaum has written that the series is “about life as kinky role play”: Philip and Elizabeth are always dressing up in costumes and sleeping with other people, and those experiences follow them home. Theirs, in short, is a typical family, but with its weirdness magnified. In the show's heightened world, the ordinary injuries of family life become more heartbreaking. The attempts that middle-aged people make at rejuvenation—new hairstyles, innocent flirtations—expand into sinister, horrific crimes.
The dirty secret of “The Americans” is that it's funny. In nearly every scene, there's an item of clothing or a turn of phrase to make you smile and remember the nineteen-eighties. The show's setup is intrinsically humorous—in part because it's loosely based on a real (and spectacularly unsuccessful) Russian spy program that was busted up by the F.B.I. a few years ago. And “The Americans” is also a romantic show. You root for Philip and Elizabeth, sighing when signs of affection appear on their watchful, well-regulated faces. As it happens, at some point during the first few seasons, Russell and Rhys became a real-life couple; they're now expecting a child. In a piece about their romance, People magazine pointed out that the actors seem to have shared an experience with their K.G.B. counterparts: “What started as a relationship all for show evolved into authentic affection and, soon, a parenting partnership.” There is, in short, a sweetness to the series. It's never unsullied; nothing the Jenningses do is ever pure. But it's there.
Video games targeting cognitive abilities may improve brain function in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS), a new study found. Results, published in the journal Radiology, showed that these games strengthen connections between neurons in the thalamus, a brain region crucial for information processing. The findings also add to extensive evidence of the brain's ability to form new connections throughout life.
In addition to its many physical symptoms, MS makes thinking difficult, further impacting patients' disability. The condition, often referred to as “brain fog,” includes damage to the thalamus and its connection to other brain regions.
Researchers led by Laura De Giglio from Sapienza University in Rome, Italy, studied 24 MS patients with cognitive impairment who were enrolled in a video game-based cognitive rehabilitation program. The games used in the program are produced by the Nintendo Corporation and called Dr. Kawashima's Brain Training. They were developed based on research by the Japanese neuroscientist Ryuta Kawashima, and include puzzles, word memory, and other mental challenges.
.
The study, titled “Multiple Sclerosis: Changes in Thalamic Resting-State Functional Connectivity Induced by a Home-based Cognitive Rehabilitation Program,“ randomly assigned patients to either video-game training or a waiting list. The trial — running for eight weeks — consisted of 30-minute gaming sessions, five days per week, performed in the patient's home.
Patients were assessed using cognitive tests and resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging (RS-fMRI) before the study's start, and again after eight weeks. The RS-fMRI imaging method is capable of measuring the connectivity among neurons in the brain.
“Functional MRI allows you to study which brain areas are simultaneously active and gives information on the participation of certain areas with specific brain circuits,” Dr. De Giglio said in a press release. “When we talk about increased connectivity, we mean that these circuits have been modified, increasing the extension of areas that work simultaneously.”
At the end of the training, patients in the video-gaming group demonstrated substantially increased connectivity in the thalamus — one of the most important cognition-related brain networks. These patients also performed better in tests evaluating sustained attention and executive function, cognitive skills that are crucial for organizing daily life and regulating behavior.
“This increased connectivity reflects the fact that video gaming experience changed the mode of operation of certain brain structures,” Dr. De Giglio said. “This means that even a widespread and common use tool like video games can promote brain plasticity and can aid in cognitive rehabilitation for people with neurological diseases, such as multiple sclerosis.”
While the findings indicate that video game-based brain training is effective in improving cognitive abilities in MS, the researchers hope to study whether such improved connectivity improves other aspects of patients' lives as well. They also want to investigate how video games can be integrated into a rehabilitation program, together with other rehabilitative techniques.
Five million years of slugging it out with fists has left its mark on the human face, scientists believe. Evidence suggests it evolved to minimise damage from altercations after our ancient ancestors learned how to throw a punch.
Researchers studied the bone structure of australopiths, ape-like bipeds living 4m to 5m years ago which predated the modern human primate family Homo. They found that australopith faces and jaws were strongest in just those areas most likely to receive a blow from a fist.
US lead researcher Dr David Carrier, from the University of Utah, said the australopiths had hand proportions that allowed the formation of a fist, in effect turning the hand into a club.
"If indeed the evolution of our hand proportions was associated with selection for fighting behaviour you might expect the primary target, the face, to have undergone evolution to better protect it from injury when punched."
The study, published in the journal Biological Reviews, builds on previous work indicating that violence played a greater role in human evolution than many experts would like to admit.
Carrier, a biologist, has investigated the short legs of great apes, the bipedal posture of humans and the hand proportions of hominins, or early human species. They argue that these traits evolved, to a large extent, around the need to fight.
An artist's impression of how human faces may have evolved to minimise injury from punches. Photograph: University Of Utah
"When modern humans fight hand to hand, the face is usually the primary target," said Carrier. "What we found was that the bones that suffer the highest rates of fracture in fights are the same parts of the skull that exhibited the greatest increase in robusticity. These bones also show the greatest difference between males and females in australopiths and humans. In other words, male and female faces are different because the parts of the skull that break in fights are bigger in males."The debate over the dark side of human nature can be traced back to the French philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau, who argued that before civilisation humans were "noble savages".
This idea, that civilisation corrupted the human race and made us violent, remains strong in social science, said Dr Carrier. However, the facts did not fit the theory.
Dr Carrier added: "The hypothesis that our early ancestors were aggressive could be falsified if we found that the anatomical characters that distinguish us from other primates did not improve fighting ability.
"What our research has been showing is that many of the anatomical characters of great apes and our ancestors, the early hominins (such as bipedal posture, the proportions of our hands and the shape of our faces) do, in fact, improve fighting performance."
Co-author Dr Michael Morgan, a University of Utah physician, said: "I think our science is sound and fills some long-standing gaps in the existing theories of why the musculoskeletal structures of our faces developed the way they did.
"Our research is about peace. We seek to explore, understand, and confront humankind's violent and aggressive tendencies.
"Peace begins with ourselves and is ultimately achieved through disciplined self-analysis and an understanding of where we've come from as a species. Through our research, we hope to look ourselves in the mirror and begin the difficult work of changing ourselves for the better."
The state Senate approved a bill Wednesday that would allow bars to stay open until 4 a.m., bringing California cities one step closer to a later last call.
The bill, which state Sen. Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco, introduced in February, would allow communities to decide whether bars can serve alcohol past the current 2 a.m. cutoff. It will now move to the Assembly for a review and vote — one of the last steps for the bill before it hits the governor's desk.
This is the furthest a call to extend nightlife hours has made it in the Legislature since Prohibition. The Let Our Communities Adjust Late Night, or Local Act, is nearly identical to two bills proposed by Wiener's predecessor, Mark Leno. Leno's most recent attempt was in 2013, but that bill failed to get enough support in committee and was withdrawn.
So why the momentum this time around?
Wiener attributes the bipartisan support to several things: new legislators, a larger population of young people in cities like San Francisco who would take advantage of the later hours, and increased transportation options.
Uber and Lyft have soared in popularity since 2013. Both ride-hailing companies are alternatives for people looking to get home after public transit lines stop running or reduce service.
“When I first came in the mid-1990s, getting a cab at 2 a.m. was almost impossible, and I knew a lot of people that drove — but today I don't know anyone who drives when they go out,” Wiener said.
Jim Lazarus, senior vice president of the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, which supports this bill, said the advent of Uber and Lyft should be factored into the Legislature's decision to extend bar hours.
“We are seeing a huge change in how people get around,” they said. “You're not waiting for some infrequent owl service bus, and there's a reasonably priced alternative vehicle service from virtually every part of the city.”
Supporters of the bill say it will stimulate the state's economy as cities that adopt later hours become more attractive to tourists.
Cities with late-night bar hours beyond 2 a.m. include Chicago, Washington, New York, Las Vegas, Miami Beach, New Orleans and Atlanta.
Some bars in San Francisco are already allowed to stay open until 5 a.m. — but they must stop serving alcohol at 2 a.m. Jamie Zawinski, owner of DNA Lounge, a club that has struggled in recent months, said being able to extend the hours it can sell alcohol would be a boon for their business.
Shawn Refoua, who has trained thousands of bartenders in San Francisco through California Academy of Bartending and Mixology, said that nearly every “hardworking bartender” they know would appreciate the extra money from the additional hours.
But, they said, those later hours could come with its downfalls: “It's going to mess with the violence. More rowdiness, people drinking longer ... and you're going to get a lot of people staying out until 4 a.m. and then waiting for BART to open up again.”
Opponents say the bill puts alcohol revenue ahead of public safety.
“Times have changed, and people are just not as concerned about public health and safety as they were in 2013,” said Michael Scippa, director of public affairs for Alcohol Justice. “We have become a little more immune and numb.”
Both the California Police Chiefs Association and the California State Sheriffs' Association strongly opposed Leno's bill in 2013, but have declined to comment on Wiener's bill.
But Bill Brown, president of the sheriffs association, said they would be “hard pressed” to see a benefit to keeping bars open later.
Trisha Thadani is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: tthadani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @TrishaThadani
Courtesy of Cinedigm / Docurama Films
The events described could be scenes from some lurid horror movie about girls attacked by psycho monsters at a summer camp. Kori: “He hit me across the left side of my face… and my face hurt so bad.” Lee: “He put their locked-and-loaded .45 at the base of my skull [and] engaged the bolt, so I knew there was a round chambered.” Tia: “He slammed my head against the concrete wall and very forcibly had sex with me.” Kori: “He screamed at me and they grabbed my arm and they raped me.” Teah: “Within a two-week period, they raped me five times.”
And with the sexual violation comes the next onset of horror: the helplessness, the isolation, the knowledge that things can only get worse. Hannah: “The entire time I was screaming and yelling for help, and for them to stop, nobody came to the door, nobody came to help me.” Valine: “When I got tested, I had trich [trichinosis] and gonorrhea, and I was pregnant.” Trina: “They made it very, very clear that if I said anything they were going to kill me.” Ariana: “He said that if I told anybody, that they were gonna have their friend Marv, from Indiana, kill me and throw me in a ditch, 'cause that's how they took care of things in Indiana.”
The brave women speaking in The Invisible War, Kirby Dick's documentary about sexual abuse in the U.S. armed forces, are American military personnel: Kori Cioca of the Coast Guard; Lee Le Teff, Teah Bedney and Valine Demos of the Army; Tia Christopher, Hannah Sewell and Trina McDonald of the Navy; Ariana Klay of the Marine Corps. Their devotion to military service was tested, perhaps shattered, first by the sexual abuse they endured and then, when they dared report the crimes, by their superiors' hostility or smirking indifference. Really, they were raped twice: once by their assailants, a second time by the tough-boy network of commanders protecting this man's army. “The thing that makes me the most angry,” says Lieutenant Klay, “is not even the rape itself; it's the commanders that were complicit in covering up everything that happened.”
In their previous docs, Dick has probed the abuse of power in the Roman Catholic Church (Twist of Faith), the public homophobia of right-wing politicians thought to be closeted gays (Outrage) and the double standard in the movie classification system (This Film Is Not Yet Rated). In Sick, they memorably profiled the performance artist and cystic-fibrosis sufferer Bob Flanagan. Heroic underdogs on one side, the criminal. misguided or ignorant guardians of society on the other: these are Dick's subjects, which clash with awful power in The Invisible War.
(READ: Corliss on Kirby Dick's This Film Is Not Yet Rated)
Dick's films often strut with a lilting impudence, but their new work is dead-serious, as suits the subject. Through a rigorous accumulation of evidence — the victims' testimony, elicited by producer Amy Ziering, but also the U.S. government statistics (that “over 20% of female veterans have been sexually assaulted while serving”) and the blithe denials by Pentagon brass — The Invisible War becomes the scariest, most emotionally draining film you must see this year. And the most haunting, because the horrors are true, they're still occurring and little has been done to stop them.
Over the years, members of the Senate and the House, on both sides of the aisle, have asked tough questions about the Tailhook, Aberdeen and Air Force Academy sex-abuse scandals and heard only reassuring lies in return. Like the hierarchy of the Catholic Church, the military brass thought it their duty to protect the guilty — essentially, protect a corrupt system — and punish the victim. Most victims “suck it up,” in that delicate military phrase, and keep quiet, often because the person they were obliged to report the rape to be the rapist.
Others do their moral duty and suffer the consequences. When Andrea Werner reported their rape to their Army superiors, they were charged with adultery, though they aren't married (her assailant was) and the sex was nothing like consensual. The investigation into rape charges brought by Lieutenant Elle Helmer against their Commanding Officer at the elite Marine Barracks in Washington, D.C., was closed due to “lack of evidence” (he denied it); a new case was opened, charging Helmer with conduct unbecoming an officer and public intoxication.
What the military denied in public, it suppressed in the field. Soldiers who had been raped had no recourse outside the chain of command. Ariana Klay was told to do “what a Marine officer should do, and that's to ignore it and move on.” Some do complain. When they were told that the evidence of their assault — rape kit, nurse examiner's report and photographs of arm bruises — had been “lost,” Hannah Sewell contacted the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS). Lo and behold, the evidence was there. But life is not a CBS prime-time series: the NCIS. “The case is already closed,” Hannah was told. “There's nothing they can do.”
(MORE: Sexual Assault in the Military…Again and Again and Again)
The military does acknowledge some cases. In 2010, it catalogued 3,158 reports of sexual assault, of which only a sixth came to court-martial and for which a mere 175, or one in 20 of the perps, did jail time. Major General Mary Kay Kellogg, Director of the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office, told Dick that assault victims should petition the Defense Department's Attorney General; yet of 2,994 cases forwarded to the AG, the number investigated was exactly zero. (California Congresswoman Jackie Speier said the Attorney General's office told her, “We have other, higher priorities.”) Kellogg also suggested that victims should “go up to your Congressman or Congresswoman” — because soldiers, among all law-abiding U.S. citizens, may not bring charges through the civilian legal apparatus.
Myla Haider, a member of the Army Criminal Investigation Division, says that checking on rape cases was usually a man's job. “I was told I should have been a social worker,” they recall, “I had no business being in a police field. There was a lot of resistance there toward the idea that victims should be afforded some sympathy. It was almost a laughing matter.” Haider was raped by their superior officer, who they say was a serial offender: “He's probably doing the same thing right now.” Finally, they observe, “I was administratively discharged with no benefits after nine-and-a-half years of service.” Chatting with other rape survivors, Haider notes plaintively, “Suicide or AWOL — those are your only two options.” Several women in the film did try to kill themselves, from the shame or frustration.
All the rapists mentioned here are males. (Dick, who in This Film Is Not Yet Rated spent plenty of screen time tracking down the identities of the previously anonymous members of the MPAA ratings board, should have shown the same resourcefulness in locating and confronting at least some of the alleged predators.) But men are among the direct or indirect victims too. Michael Matthews speaks of their Air Force stint in the 1970s, when they were held down and raped by two men. Indeed, because men still outnumber women six to one in today's military, the majority of sexual abuse victims are men — perhaps 20,000 a year. Yet raped women suffer more: they have a rate of post-traumatic stress disorder higher than men in combat.
As wrenching as the women's tearful declarations is the spectacle of grown men crying. After Hannah Sewell was locked in a room and raped, injuring nerves in their spine, they called their father, Sergeant Major Jerry Sewell, a career officer just back from Iraq, asking if they could still call themselves a virgin. The elder Sewell dissolves into tears as they recall telling Hannah, “You're still a virgin, 'cause they took something from you that you didn't give.” Ariana's husband Ben, a Marine Captain, recalls their post-rape suicide attempt — “To call the police with one hand, while you're restraining them from killing themselves with the other…” — and collapses in agony. For these men, no less than their women, rape was a double betrayal: of the ones they love and of their belief in the service to which they had given their lives.
(MORE: Service Members Sue Pentagon over Rapes)
“In the military, when we're functioning at our best — a band of brothers and sisters — we're like a family,” says Brigadier General Loree Sutton, a retired Army psychiatrist. “When that band of trust is violated, the wound penetrates to the very most inner part of one's soul, one's psyche.” And the villains keep on penetrating. If they are not found guilty, they can continue preying without fear of retribution. Jessica Hinves' assailant, a closing credit tells us, “is still in the Air Force and was awarded ‘Airman of the Year' during their rape investigation.” Myla's Haider's assailant “became a supervisor at a major U.S. corporation, a cushy job doing mortgage loans and sexually assaulted a female employee. They were never charged and now lives in Queens, N.Y.”
Is there hope at the bottom of that despair? Marine Captain Anu Bhagwait, director of the Service Woman's Action Network, and attorney Susan Burke, who brought a class-action suit against the military on behalf of several male and female assault victims, have tried to help. Yet last December, “the Court dismissed the survivors' lawsuit, ruling that rape is an occupational hazard of military service.” The predators are rewarded, the victims ignored or overruled.
What can change the horror of sexual rape in the military? Maybe, this movie. On April 14th, three months after its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival (where it won the audience award), The Invisible War was shown to Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta. “Two days later, they took the decision to prosecute away from commanders.”
That is the first act of overdue reparation to the valiant victims who risked their lives for a military that did everything possible to rob them of their honor. Repressing its rage to tell an important story, The Invisible War identifies soldiers who are true heroes because they dared to fight for justice. Visiting the Women in Military Service for America Memorial in Washington, Kori Cioca wonders, “Do you think that we deserve Purple Hearts because we were wounded in a time of war?”
Google is still forging ahead with plans to make a native Google Maps iOS app, despite the fact that those inside the company are "not optimistic" Apple would approve it. At least one source reported to the Guardian that prospects might be better now that former SVP of iOS software Scott Forstall has effectively been shown the door, but the company appears to believe a Google Maps app appearing in the App Store anytime soon would be "an unlikely event."
When Apple released iOS 6 with a redesigned Maps app that uses Apple's own mapping data sources, we complained that the lack of built-in transit information and less-than-perfect data were a problem. And though most users haven't been put off by the issues, plenty of people had enough problems that Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized for the state of the app on release, and promised fixes were coming.
In the meantime, Apple has promoted several Maps alternatives in the App Store, as well as pointing to Web-based options such as those from Google and Nokia. According to the Guardian's sources, though, none of the apps Apple is promoting in the App Store use Google's APIs to access its store of location, routing, or point-of-interest data.
We tested a few of the Maps alternatives, and found Google's Web-based Google Maps to offer the missing data and transit directions that Apple's own Maps currently lacks. However, the interface is relatively cumbersome, and doesn't integrate with Siri or iOS 6's turn-by-turn navigation.
Though it hasn't publicly stated its plans, Google has apparently been working on its own mapping app for iOS since this summer and plans to have it ready to ship before the end of the year. However, inside the company there's little hope for Apple approval. Instead, Apple is expected to "keep moving forward in an effort to make its obviously inferior product better," and "save face" with the public.
SUNRISE, FL – The Florida Panthers in conjunction with Muvico Theaters and support from local sponsor Papa John's will host the Florida Panthers Street Hockey Party on Saturday, May 22 from 3-5 p.m. in the parking lot of the Pompano Beach Muvico (2315 North Federal Highway). The street hockey party is part of the commitment that the Florida Panthers have made to stay actively involved in the South Florida community.
“The Florida Panthers Street Hockey Party is another example of how our organization continues to stay involved in the South Florida community during the offseason,” said Florida Panthers President/Chief Operating Officer Michael Yomark. “This event presents an ideal opportunity for our fans to get together and meet some of our current and former players and coaches, while enjoying an afternoon of fun and entertainment.”At the street hockey party, fans will have the opportunity to meet Florida prospects AJ Jenks, Adam Comrie and Eric Selleck , as well as Panthers alumni including Randy Moller, Bill Lindsay, Peter Worrell, John Jakopin and Chris Wells. In addition, fans will be able to participate in interactive street hockey games, enter special raffles to win various prizes and enjoy great entertainment. Stanley C. Panther and the Panthers Ice Dancers will also be on hand to meet with and take photos with the fans. The first 100 children attending the street hockey party will also receive a complimentary Muvico movie pass.“Muvico is thrilled to present this community event through our partnership with the Florida Panthers. We are excited to host the Broward community for this day of hockey, athlete appearances, bounce house and games, all coinciding with the opening of one of the summer's most anticipated movies, SHREK FOREVER AFTER, which will be presented in Sony 4K and Real D 3D. Muvico has recently invested over one million dollars into our Pompano location and the company continues to be at the forefront of technology, utilizing Sony 4K projection to provide the highest definition in cinema,” said Hal Cleveland, President and CEO of Muvico. “This digital projection not only provides over four times the clarity of home HD television, but also allows us to offer diverse content and programming, enhancing what is already a unique movie-going experience.”Muvico Theaters, based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, now currently operates 169 screens in ten movie theater locations. The corporate headquarters is located at 3101 North Federal Highway, 6th Floor, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33306-1042. www.muvico.com Sunrise Sports & Entertainment is the premier company of its kind in South Florida. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. Home to more than 200 events annually and the Florida Panthers Hockey Club, the BankAtlantic Center welcomes more than two million guests each year.
Privacy advocates call renewed discussion cynical and say government ‘back door' access to secure communications would doubtless be used by terrorists
As the world continues to absorb the full impact of the murders of civilians by Islamic State attackers in Paris, officials on both sides of the Atlantic have renewed a discussion that many thought had been closed: whether or not to allow government agencies “back-door” access to the codes used to secure communications and financial and personal medical information.
US and European officials have been quick to indict technology for the attacks – although they have yet to show how, or if, technology contributed. CIA director John Brennan, whose own personal email account was recently breached by hackers, attributed the recent popularity of secure communications to “a lot of handwringing over the government's role in the effort to try to uncover these terrorists”, and said the effect had been to make the CIA's ability to locate people “much more challenging”.
On Tuesday evening, senator Tom Cotton introduced a bill that would extend the deadline on the National Security Agency's bulk surveillance program, called “likely unconstitutional” by a Federal judge last week and due to expire at the end of the month.
North Carolina senator Richard Burr offered the fact that the attacks had surprised intelligence services as proof that the killers had used encrypted communications. They called for the government to review encryption. Burr has also demanded the government shut out Syrian immigrants fleeing Isis in response to the Isis attacks.
“We can't tell you today specifically that they were using a specific encrypted platform. We think that's a likely communication tool because we didn't pick up any direct communication,” they said at a press conference. Both Brennan and Burr used the term “wakeup call” to describe the attacks, though neither offered any evidence of their assertions.
Bill Bratton, head of the New York police department, told MSNBC's Mike Barnicle that the department's ability to monitor locals had been hampered by encryption. “We have a huge operation in New York City working closely with the Joint Terrorism Task Force where we're monitoring and they go dark, because basically they go onto an encrypted app, they're going onto sites that we can't access.”
“Going dark” is another phrase favored by encryption opponents in the government.
Privacy advocates have called the renewed discussion of encryption back doors inexcusably cynical and said that back door access would doubtless be used immediately by criminals and indeed terrorists.
“A sophisticated terrorist organization will be thrilled at the presence of weakened encryption and backdoors into encryption, because we know from every reputable computer scientist that there's no safe way to do it that will not be vulnerable to hackers,” said Lauren Weinstein, a privacy advocate who worked on Arpanet, the ancestor of the modern internet. “We're talking about the same government that's proven itself unable to protect the information of its own citizens, and we're not talking a few people; we're talking millions.”
“We were shocked and saddened to learn of the attacks in Paris and Beirut,” wrote Electronic Frontier Foundation executive director Cindy Cohn, saying backdoors would “inevitably” be used for illicit purposes. “But these heinous attacks must not be used to justify further erosion of our security, civil liberties or privacy.”
Misreporting on the nature of the PlayStation console and an anonymous quote from “a senior European counterterrorism official” in the New York Times that the attackers had used encrypted devices (the Times said the interviewee “offered no evidence” for the claim) have helped reignite the debate over encryption.
Law enforcement and intelligence services are sounding the alarm about a host of applications, among them services like Telegram and WhatsApp, which adopted end-to-end encryption in January after a series of embarrassing breaches.
But Jan Jambon, a Belgian politician, said last week at a conference before the attacks that “the most difficult communication between these terrorists is the PlayStation 4, not only for Belgian services but for international services to decrypt.” This does not appear to be the case – PlayStation's party chat feature does not advertise end-to-end encryption, nor does it appear to be a particularly safe platform for clandestine communications.
The company has made headlines several times in recent years over security breaches. Indeed, Sony specifically prohibits using its services to communicate illegal material and says it will happily pass user information on to the police. “Sony will cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Sony to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials,” the company writes in its terms of service.
Earlier this month, FBI general counsel James Baker said the FBI had given up on encryption back doors. “It's tempting to try to engage in magical thinking and hope that the amazing technology sector we have in the United States can come up with some solution,” they admitted, calling the notion that back doors might be safe “magical thinking”.
Weinstein said that there was simply no way to make a backdoor “key” that only worked for the “good guys”.
“If there was a scientifically provable way to do this, we could have the discussion, but it doesn't make sense to have the discussion when everybody who's looked at this and is honest about it says that it would make us more vulnerable when those systems are subverted,” they said.
“Magical thinking is a really good term for this. They say, ‘Golly gee, if only!' That if-only doesn't exist.”
Apple, by contrast, does provide highly encrypted communications, notably iMessage, and without apology. CEO Tim Cook has likened encryption backdoors to leaving a key under the doormat. “If you put a key under the mat for the cops, a burglar can find it, too,” said Cook in a speech in June. “Criminals are using every technology tool at their disposal to hack into people's accounts. If they know there's a key hidden somewhere, they won't stop until they find it.” Apple has not changed its position on the matter.
Former deputy director of the CIA Michael Morrell said on Sunday's Face the Nation that the last debate on cybersecurity “was defined by Edward Snowden”. Now, they believe the coming discussion will be “defined by what happened in Paris”.
Experts in the tech world say that the kinds of encryption likely useful to organizations like Isis are in fact more sophisticated than the mainstream cryptography used by the large tech companies like Apple and Google, which have been the foremost recipients of pressure to provide back doors. Tech companies are also quick to point out that they often comply with reasonable requests from law enforcement.
The White House began a charm offensive in Silicon Valley in April, when newly installed defense secretary Ashton Carter began touring tech companies asking for their direct cooperation, with the tacit threat of legislation mandating governmental access to encrypted communications.
In September the administration said it would not seek legal avenues to mandate encryption back doors, but the White House did endorse the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (co-sponsored by Burr), passed by the Senate just weeks ago, which allows private industry to share user information with the government under a veil of immunity from both regulation and the Freedom of Information Act. Many businesses quietly endorsed the act.
But with renewed calls to weaken cryptography at a moment when data breaches are rampant, the detente between Silicon Valley and the US government appears to be at an end just as relations were beginning to thaw.
Could it really get any more convenient than this?
The top story today everywhere is that ISIS hackers attacked U.S. Central Command and posted sensitive info on the agency's official Twitter page.
Via The Washington Free Beacon:
Hackers with the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, posted links on U.S. Central Command's official Twitter page to what it claimed was “confidential data from your mobile devices.” “ISIS is already here, we are in your PCs, in each military base. With Allah's permission we are in CENTCOM now,” said one tweet sent from CENTCOM's account.
Further:
The hackers subsequently tweeted images of spreadsheets containing the home addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses of dozens of current and former senior U.S. military officers. “AMERICAN SOLDIERS, WE ARE COMING WATCH YOUR BACK,” one tweet stated.
So the hack attack just so happened to come JUST as President Obama was addressing the nation on, what else? Cybersecurity.
Really? How serendipitous. In fact, if you look serendipitous in the dictionary, this situation might be in there as a textbook example.
Obama is expected to address cybersecurity again at the State of the Union where they are set to continue drumming up support for two new pieces of legislation on cybersecurity they are about to propose.
And now he's telling Americans that these attacks pose a “direct threat to the economic security of American families.”
Wired reported, “The president cited the recent hacks at Target, Home Depot and Sony as primary reasons why Congress should pass the Personal Data Notification and Protection Act. The bill would help unify a multitude of state breach laws that currently exist. Lawmakers have tried for nearly a decade to pass a federal bill to replace the patchwork of state laws, but have repeatedly failed, in part because either the laws didn't go far enough or went too far.”
So for ten years they've wanted to pass more federal laws to replace state laws, but they haven't been able to — now the Sony hack (which looks like a psyop) and the oh-so-timely CENTCOM hack — and bam — more laws?
What better way to get support for passing more cybersecurity laws than an ISIS CENTCOM cyberattack occurring right when the president is talking about passing more cybersecurity laws?
(Pray tell…what all is in those bills, anyway? Anyone read the fine print yet?)
This is classic Hegelian Dialectic problem-reaction-solution for another government power grab.
I mean, the writers of Wag the Dog couldn't make this stuff up. Or maybe they could, because it really seems like they did.
The president will also be talking to the Department of Homeland Security on Tuesday about even more ways the nation can defend itself against cybercrime… Considering that everything Homeland Security does seems to take a little more of our liberties in exchange for security (theater), this ought to be good.
Also note that government officials are using the recent attack on French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo to justify and call for even more big brother surveillance society NSA spying on Americans.
From recent article “Sickening: Police & Surveillance State Apologists Leap At Charlie Hebdo Opportunity To Advocate For More Spying, Less Freedom,” in the blog Tech Dirt:
…former NSA and CIA director Michael Hayden went on cable news on Thursday morning to use the Charlie Hebdo attack as an excuse for why the program was so useful. After spending about four minutes talking about how these kinds of random small attacks are likely to be the new way terrorists attack, they then defends metadata collection: Let me add another thought here too: You know, I was talking to you guys about 12 months ago, about these massive amounts of metadata that NSA held in storage. That metadata doesn't look all that scary this morning and I wouldn't be surprised if the French services pick up cell phones associated with the attack and ask the Americans, ‘where have you seen these phones active globally?'. Actually, no, that metadata does still seem pretty scary, because it also includes a hell of a lot more than just those responsible for the attack. And, it's not like law enforcement and the intelligence community can't go back to the operators currently responsible and ask them for that data. There's still no reason to believe that the NSA needs to just be sitting on this data all the time. And, of course, it doesn't seem like all that metadata helped prevent any attack, now did it? [emphasis added]
Exactly.
So while they are calling for even more surveillance state spying on Americans, even more unconstitutional collection of our data, at the same time they admit they cannot protect anyone's data… so please give them more laws and power?
Does not compute.
And remember kids: hacking is bad when it happens to Sony, but totally fine when the CIA does it to the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple.
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent. Wake the flock up!
Marine Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, receives a campaign update from a U.S. service member near Erbil, Iraq on July 31st. Dunford is visiting Iraq and Turkey this week to assess the campaign against the Islamic State. (Photo by Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Dominique A. Pineiro)
ANKARA, Turkey — The Chairman of the Joint Chief's of Staff visit with top Turkish officials here Monday was, for the most part, conciliatory, despite growing anti-American sentiment following last month's coup attempt and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's recent public scolding of U.S. Army Gen. Joseph Votel.
The highest-ranking U.S. official to visit Turkey following the failed coup, Marine Gen. Joseph F. Dunford arrived at the joint U.S.-Turkish air base in Incirlik Sunday before proceeding to the capital, where they met with their Turkish counterpart Gen. Hulusi Akar, chief of the Turkish General Staff; Prime Minister Binali Yildirim; and Ismail Kahram, the speaker of the Turkish Grand National Assembly.
[Pentagon scrambles to patch up ties with Turkey at pivotal moment in Islamic State fight]
Dunford said the Turkish general described the night of the coup to him, saying at one point that they were drugged and had a gun held to their head by the plotters. According to a senior defense official, some of the Turkish military faction behind the attempted overthrow of the government called Dunford's office in Washington from Akar's phone number, but Dunford was visiting U.S. troops in Afghanistan and did not receive the call.
“The tone in all three meetings was very positive and non-accusatory at all,” Dunford said to a small group of reporters accompanying them on the trip, adding that Erdoğan's remarks about Votel, the current commander of the U.S. Central Command, did not come up in any of their conversations.
Centcom is responsible for overseeing U.S. operations in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
On Thursday, while speaking at a security conference in Aspen, Colo., Votel said that they were worried about the “longer-term” ramifications for joint U.S.-Turkish counterterrorism operations following the failed coup, adding that many of the Turkish generals arrested in the days after had worked with the United States.
Comments by Gen. Joseph Votel, the chief of U.S. Central Command, drew a sharp rebuke from Turkish officials. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)
Votel's comments drew a sharp rebuke from Erdoğan the next day.
“Instead of thanking this country which repelled a coup attempt, you take the side of the coup plotters.” Erdoğan said. That same day, Votel issued a statement of their own refuting any notion that they were involved with or supported the coup.
The seemingly heated exchange between a high-ranking U.S. general and the president of Turkey is the latest example of what appears to be a growing distrust of the United States in Turkey following the July 15 coup attempt. In the days after the coup, Turkish authorities cut power to Incirlik, a key U.S. installation in the fight against the Islamic State, and proceeded to close the airspace over the base as Turkish officials rushed to account for any of their aircraft used in the coup. Though operations resumed relatively quickly, the base was force to run on generator power until July 22.
Despite the Pentagon's attempt to play down the base's temporary closure, a U.S. official in Iraq, who requested anonymity to discuss the issue, said that combat operations, especially around the Syrian city of Manbij were significantly impacted as the coup unfolded.
“Having Incirlik back open is a major thing,” the official said. “To say that Incirlik closing wouldn't have a significant impact on our operations is not a true statement.”
In the days since, protests near the front gate of Incirlik have called for the United States to vacate the primarily Turkish facility. Social media campaigns, including some stoked by the mayor of Ankara, have called for American forces to leave. Yet despite the public outcry, Dunford reaffirmed Monday that the American presence at Incirlik will continue with strong support from the Turkish government.
Dunford added that their conversations with Turkish officials also included repeated references to Turkey's request for the extradition of Fethullah Gulen, who is accused by officials here of orchestrating the coup attempt. Gulen, a reclusive Turkish preacher, lives in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania. Turkish officials have said relations with the United States will suffer if Gulen is not extradited.
Dunford said that they emphasized to the officials here that they would ensure that the Turkish perspective on Gulen is relayed to Washington.
The anger over Gulen's presence in the United States — and what many Turks view as the Obama administration's halfhearted condemnation of the coup — has whipped up anti-American sentiment. And some Turkish media outlets have fed the outrage with reports that blame U.S. generals and other Americans for orchestrating the coup, including Votel and Gen. John Campbell, who recently led U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
For instance, one government newspaper — Yeni Safak — reported that it was the United States that planned to give Erdoğan's coordinates to a Turkish kill-or-capture squad on the night of the assault. And in an indictment of alleged coup plotters, a local Turkish prosecutor claimed that the suspects had been trained by both the FBI and the CIA.
“Whether the U.S. has any direct or indirect ties with the July 15 coup attempt will remain a critical subject matter,” columnist Burhanettin Duran wrote in the pro-government Daily Sabah newspaper on Monday.
“The use of Incirlik Air Base on the night of July 15, and the reluctance displayed in the extradition of Fethullah Gulen, will keep the subject alive in many people's minds,” they wrote.
Erin Cunningham reported from Istanbul.
NASA Releases New Video Showing Higher-Resolution Closeup Of Pluto
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JHUAPL/SwRI NASA/JHUAPL/SwRI
The best photos from the New Horizons spacecraft that buzzed Pluto earlier this year is now making their way back to Earth, providing resolutions of less than 100 yards per pixel.
NASA also released a video compiled from the sharpest views of Pluto seen so far from New Horizons during its July 14 flyby, offering a panning view of a 50-mile-wide strip on a world 3 billion miles from Earth.
The new images reveal details of craters and mountains, along with icy plains. With a resolution of around 250-280 feet per pixel, they show geographic features that NASA says "would be smaller than half a city block on Pluto's diverse surface" — not that the agency is saying there are aliens living on the dwarf planet, of course.
YouTube
"These new images give us a breathtaking, super-high resolution window into Pluto's geology," New Horizons Principal Investigator Alan Stern says, from the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado. "Nothing of this quality was available for Venus or Mars until decades after their first flybys; yet at Pluto we're there already – down among the craters, mountains and ice fields – less than five months after flyby. The science we can do with these images is simply unbelievable."
The images are the first in a series of the closest looks at Pluto that NASA will receive in the coming days.
They say that magicians should never repeat a trick but it looks like Milt Larsen is going to attempt to do that very thing. Sometime in the near future Milt plans to transform the Montecito Events Center into an offshoot of Hollywood's famed nightclub The Magic Castle. Milt Larsen founded The Magic Castle with their brother Bill back in 1963 and they have recently purchased the Montecito Events Center with their wife, Arlene Larsen for $2.35 million. The 3,982-square-foot building has housed Café del Sol for nearly 50 years and will keep hosting parties for the immediate future. The site overlooks the Andree Clark Bird Refuge and occupies 11,761 square feet.
Here is a video news report from KEYT, Channel 3 in Santa Barbara.
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
Milt and their now-deceased brother Bill Larsen founded The Magic Castle after growing up performing magic with their parents in the 1930s. The exclusive, members-only nightclub draws magicians and magic aficionados for shows, fine dining and cocktails inside its Victorian mansion walls.
The Magic Castle is the clubhouse of The Academy of Magical Arts, also known as the AMA. Magic Castles, Inc. (MCI), is a company owned primarily by Milt Larsen and a recent agreement between the AMA and MCI gave the AMA exclusive territorial protection within a 50-mile radius of the Magic Castle. This keeps another business from opening within that radius and using the name Magic Castle. The new Santa Barbara location is 86 miles away from the original Hollywood location.
That location in Hollywood was a beautiful private home built in 1908 by banker and real estate magnate Rollin B. Lane. Milt was a writer on the NBC-TV show Truth or Consequences and their office overlooked the Lane mansion. Milt's late father, William W. Larsen Sr., was a renowned magician and had long dreamed of building an elegant private clubhouse for magicians.
The Lane mansion became that club. In September 1961, Milt, their brother Bill who was also an accomplished magician and publisher of Genii Magazine became the AMA's first President.
The Magic Castle opened its doors at 5 p.m. on January 2, 1963. Today, more than five decades later, the Castle remains the mecca of magic as the world-famous home to the Academy of Magical Arts, Inc. and invited guests.
I'll be the first to admit that gender identity can be confusing. Hell, it was only a few years ago that I learned that gender was separate from sexual preferences. But, I'm open. I ask questions. I'm trying to learn.
That being said, Bill O'Reilly recently aired this segment about the University of California's new policy that allows students to choose from six different gender categories.
This was sent to me by a friend who pointed out that O'Reilly said that “I think that Satan might be behind this.” That was obviously a joke, and not that big a deal. I've made it clear, that I'm a big fan of comedy, and I have no problem with people joking about issues as a way to help educate the masses (Richard Pryor and George Carlin did this beautifully).
The most offensive part of this segment is how many times O'Reilly says, I don't know. Love them or hate him, Bill is a smart guy and could easily look this stuff up.
But of course, O'Reilly's mind is made up, and they don't want to learn about these issues. He's a perfect example that the best way to shut off your mind is to say, “I don't know,” and then never seek the answer.
Brother Richard
What do you think?: Post a Comment
Subscribe to Richard's New Full: RSS Feed
Top photo is a video screenshot from this video.
Jewish Israeli students have complained about a Jewish teacher of Arabic who instructed ninth-grade students to translate into Arabic phrases such as “I want to kill Jews,” “I want to free Al-Aqsa [Mosque],” “I want to be a shahid [martyr],” and “The Arabs want peace? They want war!”
Pupils at the Makif Tet High School in the coastal city of Rishon Lezion were also instructed to translate the words “attack,” “car-ramming” and “stabbing,” the Hebrew-language Walla news site reported Wednesday.
One student wrote on their Facebook page: “The teacher is known for their right-wing views. They wear a kippa — not that that really matters. You mainly see their worldview and their attempt to preach to pupils that all Arabs are terrorists who only want to murder Jews.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
They added: “A teacher in Israel who educates students to hate Arabs and doesn't educate for love and peace, who teaches that it's not worth overcoming the disgusting stereotypes that exist, that, in my view, is the lowest thing there is.”
MK Ayelet Nahmias-Verbin (Zionist Union) called on Education Minister Naftali Bennett of the Jewish Home Party to look into the matter and take serious steps against the teacher.
“Rather than educating for coexistence through the study of Israel's second official language, the teacher is educating to hate Arabs,” they wrote.
“Particularly today, special emphasis should be placed on education for coexistence and prevention of any attempts by a teacher to incite students against an entire population.”
The Education Ministry's Central District said: “The test preparation page under discussion is incompatible with the ministry's values, and was approved neither by the coordinator of the subject nor by the pedagogical secretariat. The teacher admitted their mistake and expressed their regret.”
The chairperson of the Central District's Student and Youth Council, Yahel Kirschner, said: “We strongly condemn the teacher's activities. The State of Israel is grounded in the values of equality and mutual respect, and there is no room for such things in any educational institution which is supposed to educate for these values.”
They continued: “We believe this is an exceptional case and hope that the Education Ministry will know how to deal with such cases.”
Israel's parliament on Tuesday passed a groundbreaking law, creating a budget to neuter and spay stray dogs caught by the authorities, rather than put them down. The 4.5 million shekel budget (about $1.25 million) aims to reduce the population of strays, and to reduce the risk of outbreaks of rabies and other diseases.
The Knesset members approved the law unanimously in its second and third readings into law on Tuesday.
Although the cabinet tried to postpone the law's execution for two years, until 2019, it should be coming into force this year.
The bill was sponsored by MK Nurit Koren of Likud, who argued that that in the long run, the law will cost less than the upkeep of kennels and cost of dealing with strays, which costs the state about 33 million shekels a year.
Only one out of six stray dogs finds is taken in and adopted. The rest are killed, and the victims include large numbers of perfectly healthy dogs, Koren said. "The people of Israel are obligated to save every soul, including dogs," they added.
Israelis are pet-crazy, certainly in the secular areas: an Economy Ministry survey concluded that a third of Israelis keep animals for pleasure. Given that pet-care products are, by and large, imported, the pleasure isn't a cheap one.
Pet shops, veterinarians and the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals estimate that raising a small dog will set you back 2,300 shekels ($600) a year, with a large dog costing 4,700 shekels ($1,220) and a cat 1,300 shekels ($340). This only covers basics such as immunization, treatment for fleas and ticks, licensing for a dog, food and basics such as cat litter.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Some people experience cold not only as feeling cold, but actually as a painful sensation. This applies even to fairly mild temperatures -- anything below 20°C. A group of researchers from Lund University in Sweden have now identified the mechanism in the body that creates this connection between cold and pain. It turns out that it is the same receptor that reacts to the pungent substances in mustard and garlic.
Professor of Pharmacology Peter Zygmunt and Professor of Clinical Pharmacology Edward Högestätt have long conducted research on pain and the connection between pain and irritant substances in mustard, garlic and chilli. In large quantities, these strong spices can cause burning or irritant sensations in the mouth and throat, and can also cause rashes and swelling. When the eyes are exposed, these spices produce strong pain and lacrimation, a property that has been exploited in pepper spray and tear gas. The reason is that the substances affect nerves that are part of the pain system and that are activated by inflammation.
Ten years ago, the Lund research group identified the receptor for mustard and garlic, i.e. the way in which the pungent substances in the spices irritate the nerve cells. Since then, the question of whether this receptor also responds to cold has been a matter of debate. However, the researchers have now demonstrated that this is the case.
"We have worked with Professors of Biochemistry Urban Johanson and Per Kjellbom here in Lund to extract the human receptor protein and insert it into an artificial cell membrane. There we could see that it reacted to cold," explained Peter Zygmunt.
The findings increase our knowledge of the human body's temperature senses. However, they could also help all those who suffer from cold allodynia, i.e. who are over-sensitive to cold and experience pain when exposed to cold.
"These problems are very common in patients with chronic pain or diseases that affect the nervous system, such as diabetic neropathy. Patients undergoing chemotherapy can also become over-sensitive to cold as a side-effect of their medication. The discomfort and pain experienced by patients can start at relatively mild temperatures, within the temperature span to which the mustard and garlic receptor reacts," said Edward Högestätt.
Receptors for mustard and garlic are found in many locations in the body, including in the skin, bladder and gut. A number of pharmaceutical companies are now attempting to develop drugs to block the receptors in order to reduce problems such as itching, incontinence and pain. The Lund researchers believe that blocking the receptors ought also to relieve pain caused by cold.
Moreover, it is known that the mustard and garlic receptor reacts to chemical substances that irritate the airways. Possible new drugs for people who are affected by perfume, solvents, cigarette smoke, car exhausts and suchlike should therefore also benefit those who are over-sensitive to cold in the airways.
The discovery of the link between the mustard and garlic receptor and cold means that a further part of human temperature sensing has been charted.
"We already know that the chilli receptor not only reacts to chilli, but also to temperatures over 42°C, such as when you burn yourself on a fire. The menthol receptor reacts to temperatures under 28°C, which are perceived as pleasantly cooling. And now we know that the mustard and garlic receptor reacts to temperatures under 20°C," said Peter Zygmunt.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — In the 2002 comedy “Barbershop,” the most worrisome problem facing the shop owner Calvin Palmer (Ice Cube) is a duplicitous loan shark who wants to turn the neighborhood fixture into a strip club. Two years later, in “Barbershop 2: Back in Business,” Calvin's biggest headache is competition from Nappy Cutz, a national franchise opening up across the street that, according to Calvin's own clients, boasts “honeys in bikinis” serving wine to clients and live fish in the floor that customers can have fried, grilled or “fondued.”
In “Barbershop: The Next Cut,” which opens this week, Calvin's problems are considerably worse than just evil moneylenders and rival shops. Money is still tight; to make ends meet, he's sharing space and chairs with a beauty salon run by Angie (Regina Hall). But larger troubles are looming right outside the barbershop's doors, on the streets of Chicago's South Side. Kids and cashiers are getting shot over trifles; in one darkly comic scene, the denizens of the shop try to one-up one another over who's been robbed most often.
“I wanted to do a movie about what's really going on in Chicago,” Ice Cube explained.
But how does one begin to make a funny movie about gun violence, a devastating problem in Chicago, which has experienced a sharp rise in shootings this year? The “Barbershop” franchise (two movies and a 2005 TV series) has occasionally glanced at serious subjects. When the shop's elder, Eddie (Cedric the Entertainer), poked fun at Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King Jr. in the first film, black leaders, including Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson, called for a public apology from the studio MGM. But the franchise seemed an unlikely vehicle to address the topic of gun violence on Chicago's South Side — even if the shop's location is at ground zero of the conflict.
To take on the challenge — and revive the series after a 12-year hiatus — a producer, Robert Teitel, turned to Malcolm D. Lee, the director of “The Best Man,” the 1999 ensemble movie, and its 2013 sequel, “The Best Man Holiday.” Both films had been box-office hits, and both required Mr. Lee to mesh comic moments with dramatic scenes revolving around topics like infidelity, work woes and cancer. “If you look at the actors that I cast in ‘Best Man,' Terrence Howard, Harold Perrineau, they're not comedic actors,” they said. “But they're great actors who can embody a role and make it funny.”
[van id=”van/ns-acc/2016/06/09/NE-005TH_CNNA-ST1-10000000035c9f3a”]
OSSIAN, Indiana – An Indiana family has turned a home improvement project into an amusement attraction.
Now people are traveling from across the state and across the country to check out the Stark family's grain silo.
You can't miss the 25-foot minion in Kathy Stark's yard.
“The farmers have all told me I'm the talk of the county,” Stark said.
They and their family painted the grain holder and welded together six-foot eyes for the character.
“We've had everything from low flying helicopters, to a guy on their lawn mower that lived in Decatur several miles away that was pulling their wife and their kid in a cart,” they said about the visitors.
Kathy said they are thrilled neighbors near and far like the new artwork.
“Oh it just tickles me pink,” they said. “I just can't believe the response. I knew people would love it but I had no idea that it was going to turn out as good as it did.”
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico is due to embark on a bankruptcy process on Wednesday that could take years to resolve, as investors scramble to get the highest recovery on their bonds.
The flags of the U.S. and Puerto Rico fly outside the Capitol building in San Juan, Puerto Rico May 4, 2017. REUTERS/ Alvin Baez
The debt is still trading at elevated levels versus what the government has set aside for payment under its financial recovery plan, and creditors worry about whether they will be able to recoup at those prices.
Whether they get that level of recovery is debatable, according to investors and analysts, as the U.S. territory seeks to restructure more than $70 billion in debt, from multiple agencies, and another near $45 billion in underfunded pension liabilities.
“The 25 percent may be what the Commonwealth identified as a available to cover debt service but it doesn't necessarily mean that will be the ultimate recovery,” said Shaun Burgess, portfolio manager and lead trader for Puerto Rico strategy at Sarasota, Florida-based Cumberland Advisors.
Puerto Rico, with 3.5 million U.S. citizens, has spent the last ten years in recession with debt piling up to pay for basic services. The poverty rate is at 45 percent, unemployment is at 11 percent and the population is shrinking as islanders emigrate to the mainland United States in search of a better life.
Burgess, who owns insured Puerto Rican debt, did not want to speculate on the final recovery prices, or the potential losses for major mutual funds, but said negotiations could include lowering the coupon rates, reducing principal and extending maturity dates.
“There isn't enough information, especially as it relates to time frame and potential recoveries,” they said.
Yet to be worked out is how an $800 million pot of money set aside in the government's certified 10-year fiscal recovery plan will be apportioned between competing claims including those of constitutionally backed general obligation debt (GO) and sales-tax backed bonds known as COFINA.
That pot of money represents less than a quarter of what is needed to service debt annually.
That question will ultimately be settled by U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain of the Southern District of New York when the bankruptcy-like proceeding begins in a San Juan courtroom on Wednesday.
Swain, appointed by U.S. Chief Justice John Roberts on May 5th, is operating under the authority granted by the U.S. Congress, which passed a law last year known as PROMESA (Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act).
PROMESA established a federal oversight board with the authority to negotiate the restructuring of the island's debt. It includes a provision known as Title III that establishes a legal pathway, previously unavailable, for Puerto Rico to settle its obligations through a bankruptcy-like process.
Normally, GO debt is the most senior in a municipality's capital structure and the first to be paid. COFINA creditors are fighting to ensure its revenue stream doesn't get diverted to pay other debt.
“Clearly we don't know what to expect, but it is going to be a lengthy and tortuous process. This is going to take longer than Detroit,” said Mikhail Foux, municipal research director at Barclays Capital in New York. Detroit's case took 18 months.
“I would assume the final solution should also address the pensions because if you are bondholder why would you take a haircut knowing the pension liability question could just send you back to square one again,” they said.
(To view a timeline graphic of trade price for Puerto Rico debt, click reut.rs/2qpLk1P)
UNPRECEDENTED
Puerto Rico's bankruptcy dwarfs Detroit's, the previous record holder for municipal bankruptcy at $18 billion in debt and obligations that was ultimately reduced by $7 billion.
“The main take-away I have from the experience of Detroit or GM (General Motors) is that politics trumps contracts. I expect the final result to involve big haircuts, low coupons and long maturities for bondholders, and it probably doesn't matter if its GO's or COFINAS,” said Robert Rauch, senior partner and portfolio manager at emerging market asset manager Gramercy.
Currently Puerto Rico's benchmark general obligation debt, an 8 percent coupon bond maturing in 2035, last traded at a bid price of 60, according to Thomson Reuters data. 74514LE86=MSRB
“Current prices reflect the fact that the muni market doesn't permit shorting. As long as the current core of bondholders is supporting the market it won't go down to a level that reflects realistic recoveries,” said Rauch, whose firm specializes in emerging markets and distressed debt.
COFINA bondholders were the first to sue the government after the freeze on creditor litigation under PROMESA expired at Midnight May 1st. They accuse Puerto Rico, Governor Ricardo Rossello and other officials of angling to repurpose the tax revenue earmarked to pay COFINA debt.
“If COFINA is pierced, many people would say it is one-off situation and not precedent setting. But it could have some effect on other municipal credits,” Foux said.
Senior COFINA debt carrying a 5.25 percent coupon maturing in 2057 was bid at 57 with a yield of 9.39 percent on Tuesday. 74529JAR6=MSRB
The 6 percent 2042 subordinated COFINA bond has steadied, last bid at 23.71 with a yield rising to 25.5 percent 74529JHN8=MSRB. This bond has dropped by more than 50 percent since the board certified the government's fiscal plan in March.
“The fiscal plan only allows for a certain amount of money for debt servicing and it isn't enough. Why are market prices still implying higher recoveries? One factor to remember is there are competing claims between GO and COFINA. They can't both be right. Therefore, in aggregate prices to need to go lower,” said David Hammer, head of municipal bond portfolio management at Pimco in New York.
(This version of the story has been refiled to add that Gramercy specializes in emerging markets and distressed debt in paragraph 19)
Getty Images
The Dolphins know that receiver Kenny Stills will get more money from another team than what the Dolphin can or will pay him. The amount of money Stills will get is beginning to come into focus.
Armando Salguero of the Miami Herald reports that the market for Still already is in the range of $12 million per year. This hasn't kept the Dolphins from officially bowing out, but unless Stills is willing to take less than they could get elsewhere, he's likely to leave.
As Salguero explained last week on PFT Live, the situation boils down to one simple proposition: Other teams will pay Stills like a No. 1 receiver, and the Dolphins won't — because their No. 1 receiver is Jarvis Landry.
Salguero now points out that the Eagles are considered to be the favorite to land Stills, which is the latest evidence that tampering is rampant this time of year. Indeed, there should be no information about what the market for Stills would be or could be until next Tuesday, when the legal tampering window opens. But there is, and there always will be.
Especially as the Scouting Combine approaches, where every team and every agent can get together to negotiation in advance of when they are allowed to negotiate.
The Sacramento Kings, a team that hasn't been to the playoffs in 10 years, had themselves quite a summer signing all types of players because Valde Divac, the man who fired George Karl, thought they were building a team that could surround All-Star DeMarcus Cousins and compete. Most of Divac's signees were NBA veterans whose best years are behind them. Arron Afflalo (31), Matt Barnes (36), Garrett Temple (30) and Ty Lawson (29) signed deals worth $62.5 million dollars. Only Lawson is on a one year deal. So, unless someone is traded, the same crew will be back next season.
Individually, Afflalo, Barnes, Temple and Lawson average over 20 minutes a game. (Garrett Temple is out for three weeks because of a hamstring injury). They are producing a collective 31.4 points and 34.5% 3-point shooting with an offensive rating of 105.5 and a defensive rating of 113.5. They are average scorers. They are terrible defenders. So…um….Valde explain yourself.
Arron Afflalo. Contract: (2 years, $25 million).
Summer Wisdom: The shooting guard who has been around the league and back (Detroit, Denver, Orlando, Portland, New York) fills a need for the Kings. He's a scorer who can post up, hit the three, catch and shoot, put the ball on the floor and create.  They are physical and a strong defender on the perimeter. In short, they were a perfect signing for the Kings who need more experience and skill on the wing. Afflalo thrives on non-playoff teams so they should be a perfect compliment for Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins.
Reality: Afflalo is not living up to their $12.5 million contract. He's averaging 8.0 points in 25 minutes of game play. Afflalo is shooting 43.3% and a nice 40.0% from three. They get to the line once a game and their defensive rating is 117, a career worst and worst of all the starters. Perhaps, this is Afflalo being an old player. They were signed to be a scorer and he's not really scoring. They look 100 years old out there.
Matt Barnes. Contract: (2 years, $12.25 million)
Summer Wisdom: The NBA's bad boy, hard driving, got something to say about everything, is in Sac to bring their legendary toughness. Barnes knows how to get inside players heads and they know how to forget impulse control. But Barnes has always been a make it when you need it 3-point shot maker and they give the team energy when they come in. Everywhere they have played and they have played everywhere, Clippers, Knicks, 76ers, Warriors, Suns, Magic, Lakers, Grizzlies, their teammates and the fans love him. This is their second go round in Sac.
Reality: Barnes, true to their image, had off court issues.  They are being charged with a third degree misdemeanor because of their behavior at a nightclub in Manhattan when the Kings were in town for a game.  They are being sued by two alleged victims.
On the court, their per game output of 7.1, is irrelevant.  They are in Sac for their intangibles. He's playing almost 24 minutes a game and their rebound total of 4.8 is eye catching, considering their age and minutes. He's moving the ball nicely with 2.6 assists per game. Barnes is hitting a career high 81.8% of their free throws. But their shooting is an indicator that Barnes is on their last leg as a NBA player. Both this year and last year, they are hovering around the 37% field goal mark, a sign an old player doesn't have their shooting legs anymore. Their 32% from three, tied with last year, is a 6-year low. They have taken the most threes out of the trio of Afflalo, Barnes, Temple and Lawson: 174 threes, which leads the team. Their offensive rating, 97, is a 12-year career low.
Garrett Temple. Contract: (3 years, $24 million)
Summer Wisdom: Temple, a journeyman player who plays hard and is an above average defender, is one of those glue guys. They don't do anything exceptionally well but they have toughness. Sac going defense first needs a hard nose like Temple who grinds and grinds. The LSU product was undrafted and recently had a nice stint of four years playing with John Wall and the Wizards.
Reality: Temple has been everything they were supposed to be. He's never going to pass the eye test and wow you but they bring it every single night and makes those hustle plays. Their rebounding is the same as last year, a career high. Their assist total is tied for their career high. Their 43.6% shooting is a 7-year high. They have only played 80 games once. This year, even with their injury, they are on track to play 66-69 games. They had two 5 three pointer games (Milwaukee, Houston) and a 19 point game (Milwaukee)and a 25 point game (Houston). This year they are posting the highest offensive rating of their career. Their contract is modest enough that if the Kings wanted to flip them to a contender for parts they could.
Ty Lawson. Contract: (1 year, $1.3 million)
Summer Wisdom: This is an audition for the Kings. Lawson is trying to recover their career and the negative characterization of their behavior with alcohol that Lawson brought upon himself. Last year was a horrible year for Lawson, first with the Rockets and then with the Pacers. Lawson looked like a shell shocked player, a shadowy image of their former, arrogant, high octane confident self. They fit a need since Darren Collison was suspended to start the season.
Reality: Early on, Lawson looked as if they may be in Europe next year. They lost the ability to put the ball in the hole. They played in Darren Collison's absence. But they have come on as of late but still isn't the same Lawson. Watching little guy Isaiah Thomas destroy defenses makes you remember what Lawson used to do. He's shooting 42.0%. Last year, their “bad” year, Lawson shot 39.3% and that was a career low. This year their shot is still anemic. When Lawson was in Denver, they had a shooting coach. Have they forgotten everything they learned. Or is it confidence?
Lawson's three point shooting has hit the skids, 28.2%, a career low as well. They have only made 8 threes in 18 games. They haven't forgotten how to pass the ball though, averaging 4.5 assists. But today's point guards are asked to shoot and pass. The 8.6 points in 24.6 minutes is not the double digit scoring clinic Lawson used to put on. Their defensive rating, 113, is second worst of the starters.
As for the team and their collective achievement, new coach or no new coach, new arena with solar power or no new arena, the only thing the Kings can boast about, what puts them in the top 10, they are 10th in steals. They can't score though. 103.0 points a game is 22nd in the league. The Kings averaged 106.6 last year which was third best. Their defense is typical, 21st in scoring defense, 24th in field goal percentage defense and in 3-point percentage defense 27th. Their defensive rating ranks them 25th.
The faces change. The bottom line stays the same as long as the Kings surround Boogie Cousins with C-level talent. Most will be back next year so what actually has Vlade accomplished as GM? The Kings will taunt us for the next 30 games, just two games out the 8th seed but one more DeMarcus Cousins year without a playoff appearance is among us.
Look for Vlade though to be all smiles on July 1st as they give Cousins $200 million. The rest of us won't be smiling. We will be waiting for a second star.
photo via llananba
In the United States, federal and state laws regarding the medical use of cannabis and cannabinoids are in conflict and have led to confusion among patients, caregivers, and healthcare providers. Currently, cannabis is legal for medical purposes in 50% of the states, and another seventeen states allow products that are high in cannabidiol (CBD) and low in THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) for medical use. Many of these artisanal products are sold in dispensaries or over the internet. However, none of these products has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Understanding how federal laws apply to clinical research and practice can be challenging, and the complexity of these laws has resulted in particular confusion regarding the legal status of CBD. This paper provides an up-to-date overview (as of August 2016) of the legal aspects of cannabis and cannabidiol, including cultivation, manufacture, distribution, and use for medical purposes.
This article is part of a Special Issue title, Cannabinoids and Epilepsy.
WALLINGFORD — Following a federal investigation, a local man has been charged in a scheme to steal bitcoins through an online phishing scheme.
Michael Richo, 34, of Wallingford, was charged Wednesday with computer fraud, wire fraud, access device fraud, identity theft and money laundering, according to the Department of Justice. They appeared in New Haven federal court on Wednesday and was released after posting $100,000 bond.
According to a statement released by federal authorities, Richo allegedly “engaged in an online phishing scheme to steal bitcoins from individuals on the dark web.”
Authorities say Richo posted fake links to online marketplaces on dark web forums. The links directed users to fake login pages that mimicked real login pages for various online marketplaces. Richo stole username and password information from individuals who used the fake login pages, according to the investigation. They would then monitor the individuals marketplace account and steal bitcoins when they were deposited into the account. Authorities say Richo then sold the stolen bitcoins to others in exchange for U.S. currency, which they deposited into their bank account.
Richo allegedly had over 10,000 stolen usernames and passwords on their computer, according to the investigation. It's unclear how much money they allegedly stole.
— Andrew Ragali
Moving Forward
Mike Johnson Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 20, 2015
Hello Friends!
About a year and a half ago, I started a news site dedicated to cryptocurrency called Coin Fire.
A lot of you know about Coin Fire. It's been a site that has been covering a wide range of cryptocurrency related topics. It has been cited by WSJ, GigaOm, Christian Science Monitor, VICE and many more than I can truly list. It has been an exciting, fun and at times difficult journey with the site.
What started out as just a place to begin writing and explore my desire to write and share content with others grew in to something more.
Cryptocurrency has been one of the most exciting fields to write about. It is an unprecedented intersection of technology, financial markets, and regulatory landscapes.
Writing and directing others to chase down stories in this space has been a blast. We've seen a lot of success in a short period of time, which has been truly amazing.
As many have noted on Facebook and LinkedIn, I'm working with a few of my friends to launch a new general technology site. We've got some ideas on the burner that are ready to bubble over. I think we are going to be able to tackle a broader range of topics than Coin Fire, yet with the same set of principles that guided Coin Fire.
Coin Fire received many offers over the course of our history from individuals wishing to purchase the site. We have turned down more than a few lucrative offers. I wanted to make sure we kept doing exactly what we were doing and to do so uninhibited by someone else calling the shots. Other times the buyers didn't seem very reputable and I hated the idea of the site falling in to the wrong hands.
Recently, we received one such offer and the individual behind it has been one of the most respectable, understanding, and honest people I've interacted with. Ofir Beigel has been writing on 99bitcoins for quite some time now and when they approached myself and our team about Coin Fire, we finally had someone I felt comfortable with.
So, I won't drag this out and I'll cut straight to the chase. Mr. Beigel has acquired Coin Fire. It'll be rolled in to the 99bitcoins brand in the near future.
This move finally allows myself, our contributors, and our editorial advisory team the time to focus in on a project we've been dying to work on and gives us a bit of a breather to finally focus on it.
Running Coin Fire has been an adventure in always working. Even when a minor drought happened for the site with content, we were still working behind the scenes. A lot has happened and a lot of major regulatory and legal issues presented themselves due to some of our reporting. Even in the darkest times we were constantly working. I cannot, sadly, share the details on those things at this time but I'm sure they will be the subject of some reporting in the future.
I've been very honored to embark on this journey with many others. I don't have the space to thank them all, but every single reader was valued — even if we disagreed.
I want to make sure those that purchased Coin Fire Plus memberships aren't left high and dry, so I've arranged things around so that anyone who wishes to receive a partial refund on a Coin Fire Plus membership can email me: mike@lifedatatech.com and we can work it out. I want to thank you again for your support, and for taking a risk on us.
We aren't closing up shop because of any pressure from any authorities, from any companies we covered, or due to any major legal issues.
We are simply moving forward with bringing the ideas I believe are important in journalism to an expanded general technology space. I still stand by our reporting on controversial issues. Only time will tell who was correct in the grand scheme of things regarding topics such as GAW, or even more recently Cryptsy. The chips have fallen in place regarding some of our past reporting regarding GAW and I'm certain we will see that trend continue in the future with others.
We still love the cryptocurrency space, but myself and several others have a desire to have a run at general technology reporting with the same sort of ethics, guidelines, and principles that you witnessed at Coin Fire.
I'm not completely exiting the cryptocurrency space either. I love this community. Soon I'll be making a formal announcement regarding a book about the entire GAW Miners controversy. Be sure to follow me on Twitter for more details about that.
Thank you to everyone for making this such an interesting and amazing period of my life.
The best is yet to come.
Award-winning author and journalist Richard Wagamese, an Ojibway from the Wabaseemoong First Nation in northwestern Ontario whose work was deeply influenced by Indigenous experiences in Canada's residential school system, has died.
Wagamese, 61, called themselves a second-generation survivor of the government-sponsored schools, attended by their parents and extended family members.
In many of their 13 titles from major Canadian publishers, they drew from their own struggle with family dysfunction that they attributed to the isolating church-run schools.
One of their many novels, Indian Horse, was a finalist in CBC's Canada Reads in 2013, bringing it to wider attention. It also was shortlisted for the International Dublin Literary Award.
It tells the story of the intergenerational trauma that played out in the lives of those who attended residential schools in the 1960s and '70s. It's the story of Saul Indian Horse, a boy who finds release through their passion for hockey.
Richard Wagamese's novel Indian Horse was a finalist in CBC's Canada Reads 2013. The author was born in 1955 near Kenora, Ont., and lived in Kamloops, B.C. (submitted by Richard Wagamese)
Two years after its release, in 2014, they spoke to Carol Off, host of CBC Radio's As It Happens, about thepsychological impact of being separated from family and how the trauma is passed on to the next generation.
"The nature of their experience, their common experience in residential schools, really robbed them of their tribal and cultural ability to be nurturing and to be loving parents," Wagamese said.
"They had suffered the scrapes and woundings of their souls and their spirits that was not readily healable. And when we were born as children, we were subjected to the neglect and the pain that that generation had suffered, so intergenerationally, residential schools infiltrated my generation in my family, and that's true across the country."
The film Indian Horse, adapted from the book, is currently in production, directed by Dennis Foon (Life, Above All, Double Happiness).
Father-son themes
Wagamese's 2014 novel Medicine Walk also addresses efforts to preserve culture and heal a divided family — as a teenage son and dying father who barely know each other embark on a journey through the backcountry of the B.C. Interior so that the father can be buried according to Ojibway custom.
After its release, the author, who lived in Kamloops, B.C., spoke to friend and CBC host Shelagh Rogers about Medicine Walk on B.C.'s Gabriola Island, where they live.
Heartbroken over the death of my friend and chosen brother Richard Wagamese. They were story. They were love. RIP dear one. <a href="https://t.co/o1GEm9kPqF">pic.twitter.com/o1GEm9kPqF</a> —@RogersShelagh
They said they saw Medicine Walk as the continuation of a story that started with For Joshua: An Ojibway Father Teaches Their Son, their critically acclaimed and largely autobiographical 2002 novel.
Wagamese said they were reaching for an explanation for their problems, including "dropping out and dropping into active addiction," when they wrote For Joshua, dedicated to their younger son.
A year after Joshua was published, Wagamese learned they were suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, news that helped them to start managing the trauma from childhood abuse.
"With the diagnosis of PTSD I suddenly had something that was treatable, and if it was treatable it meant that it was manageable, and if it was manageable it meant that I needed to find ways to manage it," they said.
Richard Wagamese profoundly told the stories of our peoples. We lost a great storyteller and they will be sorely missed. —@perrybellegarde
Richard Wagamese's books inspired me to become an author, and their support and encouragement made that a reality. Journey well, my brother. —@waub
As one of Canada's foremost Indigenous authors and storytellers, Richard Wagamese has been a professional writer since 1979. Their body of work includes six novels, a book of poetry (Runaway Dreams) and five non-fiction titles, including two memoirs and an anthology of their newspaper columns.
They won the Molson Prize in 2013, a prize awarded by the Canada Council for the Arts for achievement in the arts, humanities and social sciences. That same year, they picked up the inaugural Burt Award for First Nations, Métis and Inuit Literature.
Wagamese has twice won the Native American Press Association Award and the National Aboriginal Communications Society Award for their newspaper columns, which were collected in The Terrible Summer.
In 2010, they received an Honorary Doctor of Letters degree from Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, in recognition of their lifetime of achievement in writing and publishing, and in 2011 they were the Harvey Stevenson Southam Guest Lecturer in journalism at the University of Victoria.
Could blockchain tech take India cashless?
As India's government pushes ahead with a controversial plan to move the country away from physical cash, a group of researchers backed by its central bank has called for an investigation into how blockchain could achieve that goal.
The Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) was founded in the 1990s by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), and last week, it released its first major white paper focused on blockchain (which includes details of a test related to trade finance applications).
In addition to providing a broad overview of the tech's mechanics and potential uses in the Indian banking sector, the white paper posits that the time is right to begin assessing how the rupee, India's national currency, could be digitized through the use of a distributed ledger.
The Indian government, led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, sparked broad criticism for its move in early November to withdraw high-value banknotes of the Indian rupee, the country's currency. Modi would later double-down on their plan, calling for India to embrace digital money later that month, and the government went on to begin amending legislation to further those plans.
According to IDRBT, blockchain could help achieve that goal.
The full report highlights work being done by central banks in countries like Canada and the UK, among others.
The paper's authors wrote:
“From a technological perspective, we feel that [blockchain] has matured enough and there is sufficient awareness among the stakeholders which makes this an appropriate time for initiating suitable efforts towards digitizing the Indian Rupee through [blockchain].”
Roadmap call
The authors also suggested other avenues for India's broader banking sector to experiment with the tech.
To start, it recommends that banks consider standing up their own internal blockchain networks, both as a boon for training purposes as well as a way to see what, if any, benefits the tech could bring to their institutions.
“Banks may setup a private blockchain for their internal purposes,” the authors wrote. “This not only helps them to train human resources in the technology, but also benefits by enabling efficient asset management [and] opportunities for cross-selling.”
From there, IDRBT goes on to say, banks could work cooperatively in the areas of AML/KYC, loan syndication and trade finance.
“Further areas where BCT can be applied advantageously in BFSI sector would be supply chain finance, bill discounting, monitoring of consortium accounts, servicing of securities and mandate management system,” the authors added.
Growing footprint in India
That the research group would call for broader use of blockchain within the Indian financial sector is perhaps unsurprising, given recent developments.
It was only last summer that the RBI itself called for domestic banks to pursue research into the tech, calling for institutions to work in conjunction with the IDRBT on possible applications.
“Cloud-based computing, blockchain processing technologies and virtualization of IT systems are a few examples which hold potential for being used in a big way,” RBI deputy governor Rama Gandhi said during a speech in July. “Banks and IDRBT can work together to study these, test them out and adapt for best use.”
In mid-2015, officials from the central bank posited that while digital currencies could fuel money laundering efforts, they could also improve financial inclusion and reduce payments friction.
Since then, a number of financial institutions – as well as private sector stakeholders beyond the banking world – have moved explore use cases and develop products using the tech.
Image via Shutterstock
Johnny Depp is an award-nominated actor known for their portrayal of unique characters including Edward Scissorhands, Pirates of the Caribbean and The Rum Diary.
They were born John Christopher Depp in Owensboro, Kentucky, on June 9, 1963.
Their father is John Christopher Depp, a civil engineer and their mother is Betty Sue Palmer (née Wells), a waiter. Johnny is the youngest of 4 children.
As a young child, their parents moved around a lot and they lived in 20 different cities before their parents settled down in n Miramar, Florida, in 1970.
Their parents divorced when they were young and they had family problems. As a way to deal with the pain, they began to cut themselves which resulted in self-inflicted scars which they still have today. In a 1993 interview, they reflected on this by saying "My body is a journal in a way. It's like what sailors used to do, where every tattoo meant something, a specific time in your life when you make a mark on yourself, whether you do it yourself with a knife or with a professional tattoo artist".
They dropped out of school at age 15 in the hopes of becoming a rock musician.
But just two weeks after dropping out, they went back to school but shockingly enough, the principal would not accept them back in. They advised Depp to pursue their musical career dream.
Johnny fronted a series of garage bands including The Kids, which once opened for Iggy Pop.
Depp collaborated with the band Rock City Angels and co-wrote their song "Mary".
They got married for the first time in 1983 to Lori Anne Allison, the sister of their band's bass player and singer. They were a makeup artist.
Johnny did odd jobs here and there to make ends meet while they pursued their music career. They were even a pen salesperson for some time.
We have Nicolas Cage to thank for their acting career! They got into acting after a visit to Los Angeles, California, with their former wife, Lori who introduced them to actor. Nicolas advised them to pursue acting instead of music.
Depp and Lori were divorced two years later but they didn't stay single for long. They got engaged to Jennifer Grey which later fell through and then got engaged to actor Sherilyn Fenn. Wow, that's a lot of engagement rings!
Fenn and Depp auditioned for the 1986 film Thrashin' and they were both cast, with Depp being chosen by the film's director to star as the lead, which would have been Depp's second major role. Depp was later turned down by the film's producer, who rejected the director's decision.
In 1987 they shot to stardom when they replaced Jeff Yagher in the role of undercover cop Tommy Hanson in the popular TV series 21 Jump Street (1987).
After becoming a teen heartthrob, Depp decided it was time to move onto films and do some more serious acting. Their first major role was in the 1984 classic horror film A Nightmare on Elm Street.
Depp has a long-standing working relationship with director Tim Burton and it all began when Depp starred in Edward Scissorhands. Depp later said that "within 10 minutes of hearing about the project, I was committed."
After the success of Edward Scissorhands, Johnny made a decision to never repeat the same characters but to always challenge themselves with new and different roles to play.
While filming the movie, they began a relationship with co-star Winona Ryder, for whom they tattooed "Winona Forever" on their right arm. After breaking up, they changed it to "Wino Forever"
While filming What's Eating Gilbert Grape in 1993, they dared costar Leonardo DiCaprio to sniff a rancid pickled egg and paid DiCaprio $500 when they did.
In 1993, while filming Arizona Dream with Faye Dunaway, Johnny Depp learned they wanted to jump on a trampoline. During a break in shooting, they and a friend drove 80 miles to a sporting goods store and brought one back to the set.
They co-owned a nightclub in LA called The Viper Room which opened in 1993. It was outside this club that River Phoenix died from collapsed and died of drug-induced heart failure on the sidewalk.
While they owned The Viper Room, Depp would randomly give out $50 and $100 bills to homeless people outside the club.
In 1994, they began dating British supermodel Kate Moss and they were together for four years.
Suspected of being drunk and fighting with Moss, Depp was arrested in 1994 on suspicion of criminal mischief after trashing their $1,200-a-night room at New York City's Mark Hotel.
Depp began a relationship with Vanessa Paradis, in 1998 a French actor and singer whom they met while filming The Ninth Gate. "[She] walked towards me, directly at me, and just said 'Hi.' And then I just knew, you know, it's over with," they told Oprah. Meeting Paradis, they say, "changed [my life] completely."
They were arrested in 1998 after fighting with paparazzi who were following them while they were on a date with Vanessa.
They have two children together daughter Lily-Rose Melody Depp (born 1999), and son John "Jack" Christopher Depp III (born 2002).
The family lived in Paris and in Los Angeles. Between the two, they said they preferred Paris because they like the anonymity of living in France and their simpler life there.
In 2011, Depp became a U.S. resident again, because France wanted them to become a permanent resident, which they said would require them to pay income tax in both countries.
They got in trouble in 2003 after saying "America is dumb, is something like a dumb puppy that has big teeth-that can bite and hurt you, aggressive." to Germany's Stern magazine. They later said they had taken their comments out of context.
In 2003, they starred as the flamboyant pirate Jack Sparrow in 2003's Pirates of the Caribbean. They admitted in an interview that their inspiration for this role was Keith Richards.
The movie become a huge summer hit and has since, been turned into a movie franchise. They earned their first ever Oscar nod with this role.
In 2007, Depp's daughter recovered from a serious illness, an E. coli infection that began to cause their kidneys to shut down and resulted in an extended hospital stay. To thank Great Ormond Street Hospital, Depp visited the hospital in November 2007, dressed in their Captain Jack Sparrow outfit, and spent four hours reading stories to the children. In 2008, they donate $2 million the hospital.
Following the death of Heath Ledger in 2008, Depp was one of three actors--along with Jude Law and Colin Farrell--that stepped in to play variations of Ledger's character, Troy, in Terry Gilliam's The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus (2009), in order to finish the film.
The actors donated their salaries from the fantasy film to Matilda, Ledger's daughter.
Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy was so successful, the producers approached Depp to make a sequel. To make the offer irresistible for them to reject, they offered $55 million to do On Stranger Tides (2011).
Depp also voiced the character in the video game Pirates of the Caribbean: The Legend of Jack Sparrow.
In 2004, Depp formed their production company Infinitum Nihil to develop projects where they will serve as actor and/or producer. Depp is the founder and CEO, while their sister, Christi Dembrowski, serves as president
They lent their voice to a titular chameleon in the 3D animated NickeIodeon film Rango. Typically, voices for animation movies are recorded in a studio but for Rango, the actors will altogether in one room, acting out the scenes.
Depp played the title role of Sweeney Todd in Tim Burton's film adaptation of the musical, for which they won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
Following months of media speculation, Depp and Paradis announced their separation in June 2012. Depp has been dating actor and model Amber Heard since 2012 after the pair met on the set of the film The Rum Diary.The couple became engaged on Christmas Eve in 2013.
They may be retiring soon! During an interview with BBC in 2013, they said they hope to be involved with "quieter things" at some point in the near future, implying that they will retire from acting. Depp explained in further detail during the interview: "I wouldn't say I'm dropping out any second, but I would say it's probably not too far away. When you add up the amount of dialogue that you say per year and you realise that you've said written words more than you've had a chance to say your own words, you start thinking about that as an insane option for a human being."
Their production company's first movie was The Rum Diary, in 2011 which was adapted from the novel of the same name by Hunter S. Thompson.
Depp has around 13 tattoos. They include a Native American in profile, Lily-Rose" (his daughter's name) over their heart, "Betty Sue" (his mother's name) on their left biceps, and a sparrow flying over water with the word "Jack" (his son's name; the sparrow is flying towards them rather than away from them as it is in Pirates of the Caribbean) on their right forearm.
 They are not religious but they say " have faith in my kids. And I have-I have faith, you know, that as long as you keep moving forward, just keep walking forward, things will be all right, I suppose, you know. Faith in terms of religion, I don't-religion is not my specialty, you know.
Depp believes they have Native American ancestry. "I guess I have some Native American [in me] somewhere down the line. My great-grandmother was quite a bit of Native American, they grew up Cherokee or maybe Creek Indian. Makes sense in terms of coming from Kentucky, which is rife with Cherokee and Creek."
They have been voted People's "Sexiest Man Alive" for two years, in 2003 and again in 2009.
Depp and Amber Heard get engaged in January 2014.
Depp and Tim Burton have worked together seven times in the films Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood, Sleepy Hollow, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Corpse Bride,Sweeney Todd, and Alice In Wonderland.
Newswise — Peering to the outskirts of our solar system, NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has spotted a small, dark moon orbiting Makemake, the second brightest icy dwarf planet -- after Pluto -- in the Kuiper Belt.
The moon -- provisionally designated S/2015 (136472) 1 and nicknamed MK 2 -- is more than 1,300 times fainter than Makemake. MK 2 was seen approximately 13,000 miles from the dwarf planet, and its diameter is estimated to be 100 miles across. Makemake is 870 miles wide. The dwarf planet, discovered in 2005, is named for a creation deity of the Rapa Nui people of Easter Island.
The Kuiper Belt is a vast reservoir of leftover frozen material from the construction of our solar system 4.5 billion years ago and home to several dwarf planets. Some of these worlds have known satellites, but this is the first discovery of a companion object to Makemake. Makemake is one of five dwarf planets recognized by the International Astronomical Union.
The observations were made in April 2015 with Hubble's Wide Field Camera 3. Hubble's unique ability to see faint objects near bright ones, together with its sharp resolution, allowed astronomers to pluck out the moon from Makemake's glare. The discovery was announced today in a Minor Planet Electronic Circular.
The observing team used the same Hubble technique to observe the moon as they did for finding the small satellites of Pluto in 2005, 2011, and 2012. Several previous searches around Makemake had turned up empty. "Our preliminary estimates show that the moon's orbit seems to be edge-on, and that means that often when you look at the system you are going to miss the moon because it gets lost in the bright glare of Makemake," said Alex Parker of the Southwest Research Institute, Boulder, Colorado, who led the image analysis for the observations.
A moon's discovery can provide valuable information on the dwarf-planet system. By measuring the moon's orbit, astronomers can calculate a mass for the system and gain insight into its evolution.
Uncovering the moon also reinforces the idea that most dwarf planets have satellites.
"Makemake is in the class of rare Pluto-like objects, so finding a companion is important," Parker said. "The discovery of this moon has given us an opportunity to study Makemake in far greater detail than we ever would have been able to without the companion."
Finding this moon only increases the parallels between Pluto and Makemake. Both objects are already known to be covered in frozen methane. As was done with Pluto, further study of the satellite will easily reveal the density of Makemake, a key result that will indicate if the bulk compositions of Pluto and Makemake are also similar. "This new discovery opens a new chapter in comparative planetology in the outer solar system," said team leader Marc Buie of the Southwest Research Institute, Boulder, Colorado.
The researchers will need more Hubble observations to make accurate measurements to determine if the moon's orbit is elliptical or circular. Preliminary estimates indicate that if the moon is in a circular orbit, it completes a circuit around Makemake in 12 days or longer.
Determining the shape of the moon's orbit will help settle the question of its origin. A tight circular orbit means that MK 2 is probably the product of a collision between Makemake and another Kuiper Belt Object. If the moon is in a wide, elongated orbit, it is more likely to be a captured object from the Kuiper Belt. Either event would have likely occurred several billion years ago, when the solar system was young.
The discovery may have solved one mystery about Makemake. Previous infrared studies of the dwarf planet revealed that while Makemake's surface is almost entirely bright and very cold, some areas appear warmer than other areas. Astronomers had suggested that this discrepancy may be due to the sun warming discrete dark patches on Makemake's surface. However, unless Makemake is in a special orientation, these dark patches should make the dwarf planet's brightness vary substantially as it rotates. But this amount of variability has never been observed.
These previous infrared data did not have sufficient resolution to separate Makemake from MK 2. The team's reanalysis, based on the new Hubble observations, suggests that much of the warmer surface detected previously in infrared light may, in reality, simply have been the dark surface of the companion MK 2.
There are several possibilities that could explain why the moon would have charcoal-black surface, even though it is orbiting a dwarf planet that is as bright as fresh snow. One idea is that, unlike larger objects such as Makemake, MK 2 is small enough that it cannot gravitationally hold onto a bright, icy crust, which sublimates, changing from solid to gas, under sunlight. This would make the moon similar to comets and other Kuiper Belt Objects, many of which are covered with very dark material.
When Pluto's moon Charon was discovered in 1978, astronomers quickly calculated the mass of the system. Pluto's mass was hundreds of times smaller than the mass originally estimated when it was found in 1930. With Charon's discovery, astronomers suddenly knew something was fundamentally different about Pluto. "That's the kind of transformative measurement that having a satellite can enable," Parker said.
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and the European Space Agency. NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, manages the telescope. The Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) in Baltimore, Maryland, conducts Hubble science operations. STScI is operated for NASA by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy in Washington, D.C.
For images, artwork, video, and more information about Makemake's moon MK 2 and Hubble, visit:
http://hubblesite.org/news/2016/18
http://www.nasa.gov/hubble
http://svs.gsfc.nasa.gov/12223
For additional information, contact:
Donna Weaver / Ray VillardSpace Telescope Science Institute, Baltimore, Maryland410-338-4493 / 410-338-4514dweaver@stsci.edu / villard@stsci.edu
Alex ParkerSouthwest Research Institute, Boulder, Colorado360-599-5346alex.parker@swri.org
(Adds Juncker spokesperson)
BRUSSELS, Feb 6 (Reuters) - Jean-Claude Juncker, the gaffe-prone head of the European Commission, on Monday highlighted the difficulty the EU has in dealing with the former Soviet republic of Azerbaijan with a joke at its president's expense.
“Thank you, have a nice day,” Juncker told reporters at the end of a news conference. “I will now see the president of Azerbaijan, so the nice part of the day is over.”
Azeri President Ilham Aliyev was in Brussels to discuss new pipelines that would carry Azeri gas to Europe. Baku is keen to tap into the bloc's market of 500 million people and the EU is equally eager to reduce its dependence on Russian gas.
But at home, Aliyev - in office since 2003 - is accused of centralising too much power in their own hands, heavily restricting free speech and cracking down on independent media.
Azeri officials were not immediately available to comment on Juncker's remark. But their spokesperson said the two discussed energy and economic cooperation, and that Juncker highlighted the need for respecting human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Juncker, a former prime minister of Luxembourg who has headed the EU's executive Commission since 2014, is known for their quips and flouting of diplomatic protocol.
Last Friday, replying to a journalist's question as to what posed the biggest threat to the EU, the veteran Brussels insider joked: “Me.”
Juncker once greeted Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who is accused by critics of stifling dissent at home, by saying: “Hello dictator!”
Donald Tusk, the head of the European Council that represents the 28 member states of the EU, stuck to more diplomatic language during their joint news conference with the Azeri president earlier on Monday.
“During our talks, I stressed the importance we attach to human rights and fundamental freedoms, including freedom of expression,” Tusk said. “The EU believes that an open society is the best guarantee for long-term stability and prosperity.” (Additional reporting by Waverly Colville, Writing by Gabriela Baczynska, Editing by Gareth Jones and Robin Pomeroy)
A few weeks ago I received a love letter. Not the par amour kind but one with moving affection for my alter-ego. An Afghan war veteran had just discovered my pics from the Captain America in a Turban photoshoot on the streets of New York City. They felt compelled to share their response.
I have been receiving similar letters for months since the pictures went public last September. The overwhelming warm reception has been life affirming for me in turn inspiring What I learned as Captain America in a Turban.
Turbans continue to elicit intense visceral reaction in the American narrative. For many it is still synonymous with the 'other.' I got a rude reminder of this a few days ago as I was about to turn a street corner getting home in New York City.
As I passed a group of high schoolers a voice trailed me, 'Osama.' I turned and asked the young boy, "You think I am Osama?" They denied saying it. I said, at least have the courage to say it on my face. I told them here you are stereotyping me based on my looks. How about if someone responded to their looks with, "Illegals! Go back to your country."
They responded with an apology which I accepted. But not before educating them about where I come from and there being much more to life than meets the eye. They apologized again.
I returned home a little annoyed reminding myself why I had walked out as Captain America on the streets of New York City last summer and even more energized for my artistic endeavors.
In the spirit of Robert Louis Stevenson's words, "Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others," I present to you a sampling of love letters to a Turbaned Captain America from fellow Americans.
Visit Sikhtoons.com to learn about my Captain America journey, turbaned cartoon art, superhero cartoon workshops and much more.
Vishavjit Singh is the nation's first and only turbaned/bearded editorial cartoonist. They got their spark for cartooning following the upheaval filled days after 9/11. They bring turbanful characters to life on the 2-D pages of their computer aided by their right indexed finger on a touchpad. Their works can be consumed at Sikhtoons.com.
The Three Big Lies: How The Federal Government Kept Its Post-9/11 Spying On Americans A Secret
from the three-big-lies dept
It's completely legal and has been judged as such (though don't ask why)
It's "unbelievably effective." You wouldn't believe the threats we're stopping -- and that's why we can't talk about it.
If you reveal it, hundreds of thousands of Americans may die in a future attack -- and the blood will be on your hands if you reveal and/or stop this program.
Last night, the first episode of Frontline's United States of Secrets aired, going deep into the history of "The Program," which is what the Bush (really Cheney) White House referred to the NSA program to spy on Americans based on incredibly shaky legal theories -- theories that were locked in a safe in Michael Hayden's office at the NSA, which almost no one was allowed to see. If you want additional background or summaries of the episode, Monday night's Fresh Air was great, including interviews with both the director of the program and Bill Binney and Kirk Wiebe -- two NSA whistleblowers (who we've mentioned before) who had their lives turned upside down due to totally bogus FBI raids, which were clearly a response to their whistleblowing activities. Another great summary comes from PRI's The World Either way, the thing that stands out to me is how the administration tried,to stop anyone from revealing "The Program" with three big lies, which are discussed in all three of the links above. Here's the short summary of what happened any timesought to raise issues about the legality of "The Program":Of course, at this point, we now know that basically all three of those things are untrue. The "legality" was from a (still secret) memo from Cheney's lawyer David Addington that was kept almost totally secret . Some of the people who have seen it (including Jack Goldsmith at the OLC), apparently found that the legal reasoning was insanely weak, which may be part of the reason it was kept secret. It also notes, as has been discussed here in the past, that eventually the DOJ figured out a way to get the FISA Court's Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to issue a very questionable ruling effectively authorizing the program.As for the "it's working," we've seen recently what a huge and incredible lie that was. Similarly, while the NSA and its defenders love to throw around the idea that if anyone reveals anything "blood will be on your hands," that threat is always issued when whistleblowing happens, and it's always a massive exaggeration Either way, those three big lies were effective in scaring people off from doing anything about the program -- including Bill Keller at the NY Times, who spiked James Risen's big story about the warrantless wiretapping (a part of the larger program) for over a year (well past the 2004 Presidential election). And, of course, since the program became known finally when Risen was getting ready to publish a book about it (and thus Keller felt they couldn't sit on the story any longer), those "hundreds of thousands of deaths" were (once again) proven to be nothing but bogus FUD.Of course, in the past year, Ed Snowden has revealed many more details of The Program and what it later turned into, and thus provided even more evidence that the three claims were just ridiculous lies all along. And yet, for over a decade now, those three big lies have been at the heart of the NSA's program to spy on Americans.
Filed Under: david addington, dick cheney, fud, nsa, surveillance, united states of secrecy
If you haven't read the introduction and first post to this series, be sure to do that before reading on.
Hey, welcome back to this trip through the history of One Piece‘s popularity ranking. Last time we ended our little journey at the end of the Arlong Park arc, a two-year period where One Piece was the reigning number one series in Weekly Shonen Jump. This time around, we'll be covering the chapters starting from Loguetown arc up until the Alabasta arc.
￼As you can see from the Loguetown arc of One Piece, not a lot changed for One Piece. It was still holding on to its first place for all 3 ranked chapters of that arc. So while the Loguetown arc's performance was identical its predecessors, there is one thing that happened during its run that I would like to point out: the series Naruto started its serialization in the same issue that the now well-known, long-running, popular series Ruroni Kenshin ended. This also happened to be the same issue of Jump where chapter 99 was ranked.
￼In the Reverse Mountain arc, One Piece began with two second place spots, a rough start caused by a rise in Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi!‘s ranking. Chapter 101 coincided with Takeshi getting a lead color page, which might have given the series the extra boost in votes for those chapters. But the more interesting part in this arc's ranking is the relatively low ranking for One Piece‘s chapter 105. Hikaru no Go, which ranked first, and Hunter x Hunter, which ranked second, kept their spots on top for the issue of Jump with One Piece‘s chapter 104 (which was itself not ranked due to a lead color page, thus removing it from the ranking). Furthermore, chapter 105 coincided with Naruto‘s first chapter. Similar to how One Piece lost a few spots when Hunter x Hunter‘s started its serialization, It also lost some ground to Naruto.
Again, it's possible that Hikaru no Go and Hunter x Hunter‘s rise to first and second place was simply due to an increase in their respective chapters' quality or a drop in quality for that specific One Piece chapter, but it is also possible that those who would normally vote One Piece in first place opted to instead vote for similar series that were getting fresh starts in the magazine. While we don't know whether the first, second and third place votes get equal or weighted values when tallying up a series' ranking in Jump, it's definitely something to keep in mind as a possibility (as it is often done in other rankings). Interestingly enough though, in a recent interview between One Piece artist Oda and Naruto artist Kishimoto, Oda praised Kishimoto for making sure One Piece and Naruto didn't overlap in genre. All the same, it seems that at this point in time, Naruto‘s fanbase overlapped at least a little bit with One Piece‘s.
￼Now with the addition of Naruto to the Jump line-up, the magazine's ranking would be a lot less predictable than the previous 100 or so issues. More and more series competed for the top spots, with One Piece still coming out on top. Hikaru no Go, Hunter x Hunter, and Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi! continued to frequently duke it out in the top 5, with the occasional Prince of Tennis or Yu-Gi-Oh! jumping in to shake things up. Shaman King grew inconsistent in popularity, jumping around from the middle of the magazine, to the back of the magazine, and to the front again. Previously popular series Hoshin Engi and I”s, however, were almost always tucked away in the back half of the magazine, losing steam due to the new budding series that kept coming in.
￼The Little Garden arc showed the lowest average ranking of a decent-sized One Piece arc yet. Of course, this might not just be due to the quality of the arc but to the increasingly fierce competition in Jump.
The issue of Jump featuring chapter 120 of One Piece coincided with Naruto getting its first number one ranking in the magazine. This feat was repeated five weeks later when One Piece hit its 125th chapter. It's also worth noting that Naruto maintained at second place between chapters 120 to 125, as well as chapter 127. Chapter 127, in fact, was the biggest dip in popularity for the Little Garden arc, resulting in One Piece being kicked out of the top three in Jump for the first time in ages. First place went to Takeshi, Second to Naruto, and third place to Hunter x Hunter.
￼The Drum Island arc got off to a weak start as well, losing spots to series such as Naruto and the occasional Prince of Tennis and Rising Impact sporadically rising from the magazine's middle ranking. Prince of Tennis would continue to keep a high ranking for a while. While Hikaru no Go experienced a little period of more volatile popularity during the first half of this One Piece arc, it is worth noting that all the second places for One Piece in the second half of the Drum Island arc were all due to Hikaru no Go running off with the gold medal, a trend that continued on in the next arc as well.
￼Last graph for today: the Alabasta arc. Remember what I said about Little Garden arc having the worst average ranking? Yeah, scratch that. THIS arc had the worst average ranking for One Piece up until this point in the series. This is understandable, as more series in Jump started becoming actual contenders for this sought-after weekly trophy.
Because it would quickly become monotonous to start summing up each series that ended in first place instead of One Piece, I will only be going over the noteworthy weeks. Over the coming few chapters, One Piece would lose mainly to Naruto and Hikaru no Go. But the biggest surprise here is the Jump issue between chapters 171 and 172, and the issues following chapter 173.
Weekly Shonen Jump‘s Issue 12 of 2001 brought about One Piece‘s very first one week break after 171 chapters. While this isn't anywhere near the longest a series has gone in Jump without taking a break, it's at the very least, an honorable mention.
Eiichiro Oda's Jump comment in the following issue revealed that the reason for this break was that they had gone on a trip to the U.S., where they also claimed to have found a lot of inspiration for the series.
Chapter 175's second place was due to the new series, Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo taking first place in its fifth chapter. This would happen again in One Piece‘s 183rd, 184th and 186th chapters a few weeks later. Other than that, the arc continued with the previously mentioned series taking over the helm of Jump from One Piece for a week or two at most, while new series like Bleach and Ichigo 100% tried to find their place in the magazine.
Now, what have we learned from all this? First, we've learned that One Piece might be more susceptible to losing ratings to new series than it is losing ratings to the longstanding rival series. The Weekly Shonen Jump line-up also changed quite a bit, with the older remnants of the “Golden Age” series slowly dying off, leaving their legacy to newer series.
It was also mentioned by former Dragon Ball Editor Kazuhiko Torishima that the 1997 marked a transitional period, when the editorial department of Jump tried to change the way Jump was built*. It could be that this change in regime and manga policy resulted in stronger new series to be created. While we don't know the specifics of this “change” as mentioned by Kazuhiko Torishima, we do know that it involved a change in attitude towards the way of creating manga by Jump‘s editors. Of course, just as Rome wasn't built in one day, it most likely also took some time for Jump‘s Editors to prepare some new, stronger series to compete with this “beacon of hope for Jump“* that was One Piece.
Note: *Please refer to NHK's SWITCH interview between former Weekly Shonen Jump Editor-in-Chief Kazuhiko Torishima and SCRAP‘s Takao Kato.
Joe Scarborough critiques the Donald Trump presidential campaign and the threat they believe the presumptive Republican presidential nominee poses to down-ballot candidates.
On Monday, Scarborough also said there are so many things Republicans could do to push Trump against the wall and to make their life difficult.
JOE SCARBOROUGH: [Donald Trump] could be doing so much better. It is an embarrassment, every day, the embarrassment deepens, because they just simply refuses to stop playing to the lowest common denominator. That lowest common denominator over the weekend got Donald Trump saying that people drinking alcohol in a nightclub at 2:00 a.m., should have guns strapped to their waists and firing those weapons. They said it, bullets, gunfight at the O.K. Corral gunfight at an Orlando nightclub at 2:00 a.m. when bullets are flying across -- not just there, he's suggesting that people take guns, strapped to their waists, to nightclubs. Something that even the NRA will not follow them down that dark rabbit hole...
Does Donald John Trump want to actually win? And all of the evidence, if you look at all of the objective evidence on what is required to win a presidential race... they are going to turn the White House over to Hillary Clinton. He's going to turn the United States Supreme Court over to Hillary Clinton.
They can say what they want, but anybody that knows politics knows that this is the equivalent of a guy training for a marathon and five weeks before the marathon, all he's doing is sitting on their couch, drinking beer, talking about how great of a runner they are. And don't forget the Senate and maybe the House, too.
And by the way, these Republicans that are saying, oh, you need to just blindly get behind him. They don't understand, he's not only turning the White House over to Hillary Clinton by their actions, and they are, he's turning over the Supreme Court for a generation.
Those of us who actually care about things like this, and have been worried about things like this for decades, know that their actions today lead to a Supreme Court that liberals dominate for a generation. The Senate endangered. You look at the numbers, we're starting to see that. And the House of Representatives possibly also even in danger.
And we're making a warning today, or at least I am, because it's going to be too late, soon. We were talking about this six weeks ago, before we skidded into the ditch adds badly as they have. They don't have that much time to clean things up. And it just keeps getting worse every day.
Scarborough ripped the Trump political apparatus, declaring "there is no campaign."
Donald Trump and Melania Trump walk off the stage after their rally Tuesday in Youngstown, Ohio. Justin Merriman/Getty Images
On Tuesday, President Donald Trump took a reprieve from the chaos engulfing their administration, traveling to Youngstown, Ohio, to commune with their fans and supporters in a campaign-style Make America Great Again rally. The event was typical Trump fare: exuberant and improvisational, with the occasional feel of a tent revival. And Trump brought their greatest hits, blasting Democrats, the news media, and other opponents for the crowd's enjoyment.
The president also addressed immigration, and there their rhetoric took a darker turn. Trump has always described unauthorized immigrants in harsh, disparaging terms. But here they went further, spinning a lurid and explicit tale of extreme violence against innocent people.
“You've seen the stories about some of these animals,” said the president.
They don't want to use guns, because it's too fast and it's not painful enough. So they'll take a young, beautiful girl—16, 15, and others—and they slice them and dice them with a knife because they want them to go through excruciating pain before they die. And these are the animals that we've been protecting for so long. Well, they're not being protected anymore, folks.
It's easy to file this under Trump's usual anti-immigrant demagoguery, specifically their preoccupation with crime committed by Hispanic immigrants. Recall their presidential announcement speech, where they assailed the Mexican government for sending criminals and “rapists” to the United States, as well as their (and Attorney General Jeff Sessions') recent fixation on MS-13, a gang with origins in Central America. In a June rally in Iowa, the president stated that they “like to cut people,” and on Thursday, they mentioned them in a tweet: “Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!”
Despite the connection to those earlier statements, the Youngstown riff was different. It was especially detailed and graphic. And while the racial content of this kind of rhetoric has always been clear—the immigrants are always nonwhite, the victims are typically white—this was unusually explicit. Trump wasn't just connecting immigrants with violent crime. They were using an outright racist trope: that of the violent, sadistic black or brown criminal, preying on innocent (usually white) women. Even considering their 1989 jeremiad against the Central Park Five—where they demanded the death penalty for the five black and Latino teenagers wrongly convicted of raping a white woman—the Youngstown rhetoric was sensational and excessive.
What it wasn't, however, was unique. Rhetorically, Trump's Youngstown speech recalls the openly racist language found in the early 20th century among white reporters, pamphleteers, and politicians who expressed the prejudices of the era. In Southern newspapers, for example, writers described the alleged crimes of black offenders with gruesome and sensational detail, usually to justify lynchings and other forms of extrajudicial violence. “A miserable negro beast attacked a telephone girl as they were going home at night, and choked her,” reads a 1903 report from a newspaper in Greenville, Mississippi. The writer of a 1914 pamphlet titled “The Black Shadow and the Red Death” spun terrible tales of black crime, including one where “cocaine and whiskey” led a “half-drunken negro beast” to kill a “little school girl” with a “pretty head.”
Politically, what President Trump was doing in Ohio has a clear antecedent in the racial demagoguery common in the Jim Crow South. Rather than campaign on what they would do for voters, Southern politicians fanned flames of race hatred. This “nigger baiting”—labeled as such by observers at the time—was how they built emotional connections with their audiences and tarred their (often equally racist) opponents as unacceptable proponents of racial equality. “You people who want social equality vote for Jones. You men who have nigger children vote for Jones,” declared South Carolina Gov. Coleman Livingston Blease in their 1912 re-election campaign against state Supreme Court Justice Ira Jones, blasting their opponent as a supporter of rights for black Americans.
A 1950 Senate campaign flier for Willis Smith. Jesse Helms was Smith's publicity director. Creative Commons
Lawmakers like James Vardaman in Mississippi and “Cotton Ed” Smith of South Carolina earned national notoriety for their vicious advocacy of white supremacy on the campaign trail. This style of politics did not end as the 20th century progressed; in 1958, Alabama Attorney General James Patterson ran for governor and won—beating a fresh-faced George Wallace—as a staunch opponent of civil rights, backed by the state's Ku Klux Klan. In two re-election races, one in 1984 and the other in 1990, North Carolina Sen. Jesse Helms ran race-baiting campaigns. Against then–Gov. Jim Hunt, they distributed literature warning of black registration drives and black political figures such as Jesse Jackson. And against Harvey Gantt, the black mayor of Charlotte, Helms ran one of the most breathtakingly racist ads of the modern era.
Trump isn't yet running for re-election, but they are in dire political straits. According to FiveThirtyEight's aggregate measure of their popularity, just 38.5 percent of Americans approve of their presidency, compared with 55 percent who disapprove. He's caught in a feud with their attorney general, there's in-fighting among their senior staff, and he's facing backlash from within the armed services on account of a cynical attempt to stoke anti-transgender bias for political gain. It's possible, perhaps even likely, that the president's riff in Youngstown was just another digression, a rant that emerged from the stew of resentments and prejudices that seem to form Trump's psyche.
But the additional timing of their statement on transgender service members suggests otherwise. On Friday Trump will visit Long Island, where 15 members of MS-13 were arrested—a trip that would fit a political plan to demagogue Hispanic immigrants as imminent threats to white Americans, and white women in particular. Trump is aware that he's flailing, and to rebuild support—to re-establish that bond with their voters—he's turning to an old, crude, and dangerous rhetorical well.
A writer friend recently asked me a brief but not-so-simple question: How do you decide where to send your work?
In other words: Faced with seemingly infinite lists, calls for submissions, classified ads, databases, and fair-and-festival tables, how do I select which journals and magazines to send my work to with the hope that, after editorial review, my pages may indeed find proverbial “homes” online and/or in print?
In some ways, it seems that I have approached this question un-systematically. After all, I began sending work out steadily more than 15 years ago. Back then, I was an MFA candidate, specializing in fiction, and virtually all of my submissions were short stories.
From today's vantage point, the literary-journal landscape of that time seems almost tiny. Few online litmags existed; the vast majority of my submissions went (via postal mail! accompanied by self-addressed, stamped envelopes [SASEs] for responses!) to print magazines and journals. No one was sharing links or lists of favorite publications via Facebook or Twitter (yes! there was life before Facebook and Twitter). There was no Duotrope (which launched in 2005). NewPages might have been around—I'm told that its first online iteration appeared in 1999—but I hadn't yet discovered it.
Article continues after advertisement
For quite some time, I learned about literary magazines—and read and analyzed them to ascertain whether I'd send in my own work for possible inclusion—entirely offline. I subscribed to some. I visited bookstores and libraries to investigate others. I exchanged sample copies with friends and classmates. I filled tote bag after tote bag at the AWP (which then stood for “Associated Writing Programs”) Bookfair. I consulted the Writer's Digest tome. I checked the back pages of each year's Best American Short Stories volume for new discoveries within the list of “Editorial Addresses of American and Canadian Magazines Publishing Short Stories.” And of course, I heeded the advice of my writing teachers, especially when they were generous enough to recommend a specific “match” for my work, or, even more generously, suggest that I mention in my cover letter that I'd been so referred.
When those SASEs came back, they typically held rejection notes. Sometimes, those notes included personal—often, handwritten—messages from editors, encouraging me to send other stories for them to consider. Far less frequently, the SASE held an acceptance (I can still recall, clearly, standing beside my mailbox the moment I opened what turned out to be a note from then-TriQuarterly editor Susan Firestone Hahn, informing me that the magazine would publish my story “Matrilineal Descent.”)
Fast-forward 15 years. So much has changed. For starters, these days my submissions are mostly poems, with the occasional essay mixed in; fiction-writing and I no longer have the same relationship we once did. And most acceptances or rejections arrive via email. But on a less personal level, the entire landscape is different, too.
So how do I make sense of all the possibilities that now stretch before me? How do I advance beyond discovering them to selecting the most propitious possibilities? Although I didn't necessarily think of it quite this way before I received my friend's question, I have realized that I ask at least 13 questions when considering a publication as a potential venue for my writing.
Article continues after advertisement
1. Do I like the work that the magazine publishes?
Key question. And how do I know if I like the work that a magazine publishes? I read it! I continue to subscribe to some publications, read others that share all or some of their content online free of charge, and peruse library offerings regularly.
2. Do I like the presentation of the work that it publishes?
Is the journal visually appealing? Is it competently edited and proofread? Is it, in other words, pleasing in both style and substance?
3. Will I be proud to share work that is bylined in this publication?
Close cousin to the first two questions. There's no point in sending my work somewhere I may not be happy to see it published. (Admittedly, judging this can be tricky with new or “fledgling” venues; in such cases, I typically wait to see at least one finished product. But if I'm unusually impressed by an initial call and/or website, I may take a risk and send something in anyway.)
4. Who is on the masthead?
No, I'm not about to say that I won't deign to have my work evaluated by student editors who, at this point, may be young enough to be my children. Far from it. But I will tell you that if I have had a personal, professional, and/or political conflict with an editor, I won't risk reviving unpleasant associations by sending work their way. Conversely, I tend to give extra consideration to publications that are edited by friends, colleagues, and other acquaintances whose work I already respect.
5. Does the journal pay?
Not paying isn't necessarily a deal-breaker—especially if I'm sending work that has been rejected several times elsewhere. But I prefer strongly to be paid for my poems and prose pieces. (And when I share calls and similar opportunities with other writers via my newsletter and Practicing Writing blog, I share paying opportunities only; this, I believe—and other writers have told me—differentiates and adds value to the resources that I am trying to contribute as a good “literary citizen.”)
6. Does it accept simultaneous submissions?
Again—not always a deal-breaker. But I submit work to journals that require exclusivity infrequently, and I'm more likely to do so when a quick response is promised.
7. Does the magazine receive submissions electronically?
Also not a deal-breaker, especially since I'm sending out mostly poetry these days, and postage costs are less onerous than when I was submitting mostly (long) short stories. (Plus, I maintain an ample supply of Forever stamps.) Moreover, I can't help suspecting that the added “work” of assembling a tangible submission packet may limit the pool of submitters and therefore boost the likelihood of an acceptance. But I appreciate the ease of electronic submissions. Greatly.
8. Will it consider previously published material?
A negative answer here is definitely not a deal-breaker (unless, of course, I'm seeking to re-publish something).
9. Does the magazine or journal charge a submission (or “reading,” or “administrative,” or “processing”) fee?
In this case, the response can be a deal-breaker for me: I will not pay a submission fee to send my work to a journal that doesn't pay its writers. And only rarely will I pay a fee otherwise. (I know that this topic is controversial; I've absorbed many of the justifications and rationalizations for such fees. But here's my view on the matter, both in terms of my own submissions and, again, in the context of the listings I share on my blog and in my newsletter.) I do try to be attentive to—and am grateful for—announcements of brief “fee-free” submission periods offered by otherwise fee-charging publications.
10. When is the magazine open for submissions?
At the most fundamental level, a publication's own schedule helps me organize and prioritize my submissions. If Journal A's submission window is closing soon, I will focus on it more quickly than I will on Journal B, which reads throughout the year. And if Journal C is closed to submissions at present, I will obviously delay there. (iCal notes help me keep track of this timing-related information.)
11. Is it a “niche” or otherwise themed publication for which I have work available?
To various degrees, much of my work deals with a handful of themes. So when I'm ready to send out a few new poems inspired by the Bible, for example, I'm likely to consult journals that engage explicitly with faith/religion. (Which isn't to say that I will exclude or neglect non-themed publications.)
12. Is it a “generalist” publication currently seeking work on a theme/in a form for which I have work available?
Since I'm attentive to announcements and calls shared via newsletters, classifieds, and social media, news of an exceptional opportunity will focus my attention on a specific journal.
13. How does the journal participate in communities of readers?
Part of my purpose in seeking publication is to have my work reach readers. So if the journal is active—if it has a significant, smart, diverse readership as (possibly) suggested via circulation numbers or social-media engagement—that's a definite plus.
Such are many factors I consider when sifting through the lists, announcements, and databases. What might you add?
The Krukenberg procedure , also known as the Krukenberg operation , is a surgical technique that converts a forearm stump into a pincer . It was first described in 1917 by the German army surgeon Hermann Krukenberg . [1] [2] It remains in use today for certain special cases but is considered controversial and some surgeons refuse to perform it. [3]
The success of the Krukenberg procedure depends directly on the strength of the pronator teres, the sensibility of the skin surrounding both ulna and radius, elbow mobility, and mobility of the ulna and radius at the proximal radioulnar joint . Individual patient expectations and motivations, although more difficult to assess, probably play a major role in outcomes as well.
The procedure involves separating the ulna and radius for below-elbow amputations , and in cases of congenital absence of the hand, to provide a pincerlike grasp that is motored by the pronator teres muscle . The prerequisites for the operation are a stump over 10 cm long from the tip of the olecranon , no elbow contracture, and good psychological preparation and acceptance. [4] [5] [6]
The procedure is, in this time and age, mostly performed on patients in developing countries who lack the means to obtain expensive prostheses. In the Western world, the Krukenberg procedure is usually reserved for blind patients with bilateral amputations, because it can provide the patient with tactile sensation.[7][8]
While the Krukenberg procedure's poor cosmesis makes it very rare, it does preserve proprioception and stereognosis in the functional stump and so allows for effective maneuvering. Once this procedure is performed, it does not preclude the use of a functional prosthesis giving the patient the option to use either functional strategy.
While the operation is rarely performed in the modern age, patients can prefer it to sophisticated prosthetics, as in one case study of a Dutch woman, reported in 2002.
Any single event that happens on Earth is, to former U.N. Ambassador and possible presidential candidate John Bolton, another reason to bomb Iran immediately. So what's their rationale for bombing Iran immediately in the case of, say, Egyptian protests?
The last high profile occasion (unless we missed several since!) in which John Bolton cooked up a reason to bomb Iran immediately was in August, when Iran was opening a nuclear energy reactor. Bolton declared that Israel had eight days to bomb Iran before it was too late. One day later, they told another radio station that Israel had three days to bomb Iran before it was too late.
Now with the Egyptian protests, they think that President Hosni Mubarak's possible successor, Mohamed El Baradei, is a secret Iranian agent. So should they come to power, Israel will have only so many days to bomb Iran before it's too late.
"Do you think that the Israelis are going to have to strike - they are going to have to take action?" Fox News Republican opinion host Sean Hannity asked the former ambassador on their radio program Monday. "As you pointed out, El Baradei ran cover for the Iranians for all those years that they were with the IAEA. And, I just don't think the Israelis have much longer to wait… they're going to have to act in fairly short order." "I think that's right," Bolton responded. "I don't think there's much time to act. And I think the fall of a Egyptian government committed to the peace agreement will almost certainly speed that timetable up."
Please do run for president, John Bolton. Here's the audio:
[via Raw Story]
[Image via AP]
The Sweetest Thing
1st place in Derby #228: Double-Take Derby 15, with 803 votes!
Barbara? Barbara, are you okay? Hey, hey, she's moving! She's okay! Hey, Barbara, let us help you up. No, no, go slow, okay? Just sit in this chair, we'll get you some water. Hey, can you go get Barbara some water? Yeah, thanks, drink this, Barbara… no, no, little sips, little sips. Are you okay? How many fingers am I holding up? Should we call a doctor or anything?
No, I don't know what happened either. First you were sitting at your desk talking about the weekend, and then you said you were going to look at the Derby winner, and then all of a sudden you just fell over. Don't you remember? No memory of it at all? Wow, I guess you just blocked it out or something. I guess it was finally too much cute for you to take.
No, no, no! Don't look again! You can't… aw, MAN, I can't believe they did that. Okay, nobody panic, she's fine, just get me another chair and some more water. And can one of you unplug their computer? Just until tomorrow, just to keep them safe. This shirt is clearly just too cute for their system to handle.
Wear this shirt: with Dinah. It doesn't matter if it's Dinah from Alice in Wonderland or Dinah from the second half of “I've Been Working On The Railroad” because you'll have both covered.
Don't wear this shirt: around the state health inspector. No hair net? Animal in the kitchen? Dairy product left uncovered? Refuse in the work area? Kitty would get shut down in a hot second.
This shirt tells the world: “It's a lot better than those dead birds they used to bring me.”
We call this color: B-Red
Back to top
An Auburn man was charged with public indecency after a complainant called 911 on March 17 to report a man was masturbating in a vehicle at a Winder gas station, according to an incident report.
A deputy dispatched to Murphy USA on Atlanta Highway in front of the Winder Walmart observed the suspect sitting in the driver's seat with their hand on their genitals. The deputy ordered the suspect to stop what they were doing and place their hands on the steering wheel of the vehicle. The suspect then exited the car, was placed in handcuffs and was searched, at which time the deputy found a black baggie and a clear smoking pipe, both containing methamphetamine.
Toumua Lor, 23, of 205 Mount Moriah Road in Auburn, is charged with public indecency/indecent exposure, illegal possession of controlled substance and possession and use of drug-related objects.
You might also be interested in reading:
Weekend Home Fire Ignited by Hot Embers from Cigarette
News Nearby: Monroe Man Found Guilty of 2009 Murder of Loganville Resident
Firefighters Battle Several Recent Grass and Woods Fires Across Barrow County
Subscribe to Barrow Patch's newsletters, follow us on Twitter and "like" us on Facebook.
Title: The text of a recently discovered document, purporting to be Friedrich Engels' discarded first draft of the Preface to the 1885 edition of Das Kapital by Karl Marx
Author: kbk and nostalgia
Medium: Historical/Political
Summary: "Philosophers have only interpreted the world in various ways; the point is, to slash it." – Not Karl Marx
Rating: PG-13 for language
Medium's site: info on Engels - http://www.spartacus.schoolnet.co.uk/TUengels.htm
The following is the recently discovered discarded first draft of Friedrich Engels' preface to the 1885 draft of Marx's Das Kapital. After Marx's death in 1883, Engels worked on compiling and editing the remaining manuscript, drawing on their experience of co-operating with Marx. The document presented here was found among a selection of Engels papers which passed to a distant relative after Engels' death in London in 1895. While the authenticity of said document has been questioned by some, it is presented here in the hope of shedding new light on the character of so important and influential a historical partnership.
Karl Marx and I began working together in 1844. We shared similar ideas – what would later become known as dialectal materialism – and we didn't annoy each other too much. Eventually, we even got to like each other. I'm afraid to say that we wrote much of the Communist Manifesto while drunk. Not paralytically drunk, I hasten to add, merely merry. About as drunk as I am now, I'd say. Drunk enough to be honest.
We used to meet in a nice little pub just round the corner from the meeting place of the Communist League. The meetings were more often stressful than not and it would often take a good three or four pints before Karl calmed down enough to stop ranting and start writing. Their rants, while entertaining, generally contained more in the way of personal insults than political theory. We always said that history is the story of people. Suffice to say that our writing partnership had its share of history. Only occasionally did it dissolve into violence, but I'm sure you can imagine the tensions involved in ironing out a mutually acceptable position on the nature of revolution. And, of course, the eternal dilemma of who was going to pay the bar bill at the end of the night.
It usually ended up being me, but I didn't particularly mind. Aside from the fact that I tended to be more solvent, the sheer wonder of seeing that brilliant mind at work was ample compensation for a few shillings. Karl was often the inspiration of our partnership, with gleaming flights of genius - wait, I'm waxing effulgent about the man, and that's just not what I'm supposed to be doing. A lot of the time they behaved like an absolute idiot. They learned tact over the years, and I like to give myself a small part of the credit for that; however, while we were working together, tempers could run high. I didn't mind. They never looked as good as they did with that spark in their eye. Well, Karl was never exactly handsome in any sense of the word, but somehow, whenever they got fired up, they just had an aura that was utterly irresistible. I would have done anything for them when they got stuck in to an argument, raising their voice, gesturing vehemently, truly passionate about their point of view… Is that wrong of me? I don't think it is.
They wrote a lot. I think that's fairly evident from the size of this book, but it's an important enough facet of their existence that it bears stating. The man wrote a huge amount of polemic, rhetoric and discourse. Huge amount. Ridiculous amount. And so much of it means something. So much of it is right.
I always envied their confidence. I had to find a way to back my beliefs up, a correlation in science, a reference, a... something. I had to find someone else who agreed. Often enough that was Karl himself, but I never felt it could work like that. They were probably a more reliable source than many, but since I knew him, that just wasn't allowed. They were my friend. How could they be the source of a political movement? How could they be the author of a philosophy? How could he? How could I?
They wrote a lot, it is true, but much of it was only comprehensible to those educated in political theory. They had an instinctive understanding of the most difficult of abstract concepts. They are... brilliant. One of the greatest minds of our time. They will be sorely missed. Sorely, sorely missed. I will miss him. They just didn't realise, some of the time, that not everyone was as intelligent or as educated as him. That the proletariat, the men they wrote for, would not follow their erudition. They looked at me, so bemused, when I toned down their language, when I inserted explanations, when I laid my hand on theirs knee...
They were married, you know. Whole bunch of children. Most of them died. I don't mean to sound heartless, but I didn't exactly see much of them. I went back home to my father, worked for him, worked at a boring job with boring people, all so I could send money to Karl to support them and Jenny and the children. Jenny was a sweet girl. Very hard to hate. I managed, now and again, but most of the time I just couldn't. Which is, of course, a good thing.
They loved them Of course. It was remarkable, the way they stayed loving through such hardship and poverty. The bastard.
I loved him. I loved him, and I took care of him, and her, and their children, and they never loved me back. Does that make it any less worthy? Does that make me any less of a lover?
But I digress. This book is a remarkable work, intelligent, insightful and influential. In this book you will find the perfect symmetry of the communist existence, inspiration for a more satisfying way of life.
Failing that, you could always use it as a paper-weight. It's a big book, isn't it? I told you they wrote a lot. If you're reading this a hundred years from now, it's either because it's a set text in a Communist Utopia, or at least the proletariat are educated. Which is always a start. Karl used to have a lot of problems with that. Because, face it, they were bourgeois. I am as well, but I never managed to shout quite as loudly as they did. Part of him, I think, was peculiarly at peace with living in a slum. As though in some way they finally felt like they belonged.
Of course, that didn't mean they couldn't have washed a bit more often than they did. Cleanliness is next to Godliness, although obviously we didn't believe in God. Opium of the masses, and all that.
I must be coming across as bitter, here. Of course I'm bitter! I loved the man, and what did I get out of that? They didn't love me, and it's not called Engelsism, is it? Of course, if I hadn't been so bitter, we might not have spent so much of our time talking about politics, and people a hundred years from now might still be living in poverty. It's probably a good thing that they didn't love me... I can't... oh fuck, this is no preface at all.
I need another drink.
The text ends at this point. No further drafts of this "alternative" preface have so far come to light. Obviously, the events described in the document may not have occurred quite as they are presented, and it would be unwise to encourage further speculation as to the nature of the relationship between Marx and Engels until more evidence can be produced. Nevertheless, it presents an intriguing new angle for biographical researchers to pursue. Hopefully, with the discovery of further documents, fact will finally triumph over fiction.
AFP/Getty Images
Boa Esporte, a Brazilian second division team, have signed goalkeeper Bruno Fernandes de Souza following their release from prison for the murder of their girlfriend and the subsequent feeding of their body to their dogs.
As reported by Jonathan Watts of the Guardian, Bruno was released from jail last month having served seven years of what was initially a 22-year sentence for assault, torture and murder. The 32-year-old has since agreed a two-year contract with their new club.
Per Watts, the decision to recruit the convicted murderer has been met with anger in Brazil. The family of the victim, Eliza Samudio, and groups protesting violence against women are said to have expressed their outrage.
In addition, it's noted that three sponsors of Boa Esporte—CardioCenter, Nutrends Nutrition and Magsul—have ended their partnerships with the club, while the team's official website has also been hacked.
However, Watts noted there has been some positive reaction to the deal. "Fans posed for selfies with the goalkeeper, and most online comments were positive," they noted. Boa Esporte's president said in a statement the club was helping the goalkeeper's rehabilitation by giving them a deal.
As noted in the report, Samudio disappeared in 2010 having sued Bruno over support for their child; the goalkeeper was said to be close to moving to AC Milan at the time and was concerned the suit could hinder a transfer.
"The court heard how they conspired with friends who tortured and strangled the model, then disposed of the body by feeding it to the footballer's Rottweilers," noted Watts. Bruno has admitted their role in the plot.
AFP/Getty Images
Having been charged in July 2010, Bruno was eventually sentenced to the 22-year term in March 2013. They were released from their imprisonment in February having secured a habeas corpus.
Bruno was a highly rated goalkeeper before their arrest in 2010, captaining Brazilian giants Flamengo at the time.
The plight of women in Brazil has been highlighted by some football clubs recently. As noted by the Guardian, top-flight side Cruzeiro wore customised shirts during a Brazilian Cup match this month that included messages such as "a rape every 11 minutes" and "salaries 30 per cent lower" in an attempt to raise awareness.
When John Podesta forgot their Apple iCloud password last spring, they asked an aide to remind them — so they emailed it to him. And that set the stage for trouble for Hillary Clinton's campaign chairperson.
First, a WikiLeaks dump last week of Podesta's alleged Gmail messages revealed the password — “Runner4567" — to the world. Then someone hijacked Podesta's Twitter account, possibly using the same password, and blasted out the tweet: “I've switched teams. Vote Trump 2015.” The next morning, a security researcher found evidence that digital pranksters had used the password to remotely erase all the contents from Podesta's Apple devices.
Story Continued Below
The cascade of woes, which Clinton's campaign has not confirmed, appears to make Podesta just the latest Washington power player to join an inglorious club — the roster of senior government officials and political operatives who, like tens of millions of other Americans, have failed to take basic protections for their sensitive data. Others in the elite group include Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, CIA Director John Brennan and 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, whose personal emails have all suffered assault from digital intruders.
Podesta's saga is both an object lesson and a warning that D.C. needs to up its cyber game, security experts said.
"This one has it all,” said Joe Siegrist, CEO of the password-management company LastPass, which offers people an encrypted app to house their login credentials. “An absolutely terrible password. Assistants emailing the password. Passwords being re-used for a bunch of different sites. Pretty much all the classic mistakes that everybody who has zero care about this makes.
“When you do everything wrong, you're bound to fail,” Siegrist added.
While ordinary Americans routinely make many of the same mistakes, some cyber experts say such weaknesses are especially damaging when they involve big players like Podesta, whose emails were targeted by hackers in what U.S. intelligence agencies allege is an attempt by Russia to meddle in the U.S. presidential election.
“Podesta's hack affects the rest of us,” said Christopher Soghoian, the chief technologist at the American Civil Liberties Union. “If the hacking of their emails influences the election, that's a big problem.”
And the experts said U.S. cyber policy has an even more gaping flaw: High-ranking officials' private email accounts are not treated as the valuable trove of intelligence they are. “These are not average people,” Soghoian said. “Their communications are being targeted by nation-states and they need to be protected.”
They said Podesta's hack could be the tipping point by sparking “a conversation about whether the personal accounts of policymakers and those involved in the political process should be getting help to protect themselves.” That help could come from an agency like the Secret Service, which is already a player in the digital realm and provides personal physical protection to top-level federal officials and campaign VIPs.
But until then, experts believe senior officials will continue to bungle their personal digital security.
Podesta's place in the Cybersecurity Hall of Shame came about thanks to this month's WikiLeaks dumps of emails allegedly hacked from their personal Gmail account, one of which revealed that they had openly shared their easy-to-crack Apple iCloud password. And even worse, they indicate, they may have used it for multiple accounts, including Twitter.
An email from May 16 shows Podesta asking Eryn Sepp, their former special assistant at the White House, whether they knew their Apple ID, which would grant access to their Apple accounts and devices. “I do,” they responded, pasting their password into the email, a practice security specialists highly discourage.
Screenshots of the email quickly made the rounds on the internet. Within hours, a hacker had taken over Podesta's Twitter account and sent out the pro-Trump tweet. The incident led to speculation that Podesta may have employed the “Runner4567” password for their Twitter account, and that they hadn't turned on a security feature called “two-factor authentication,” which requires users to enter a one-time code sent to their cellphone in addition to the regular password.
The next morning, digital security researcher Matt Tait, chief executive of the United Kingdom-based firm Capital Alpha Security, captured screenshots from digital activists indicating they had remotely erased all the content from Podesta's Apple devices. If true, that would mean Podesta probably hadn't changed their iCloud password since it had appeared in the WikiLeaks dump.
The Clinton campaign has not confirmed the digital wipe. It has also refused to verify or dispute the authenticity of many of the WikiLeaks emails, including the one that revealed Podesta's iCloud password. Still, the incidents have served as yet another distraction for the campaign amid the daily WikiLeaks releases, which were already generating headaches.
Security researchers said Thursday that they believe that hackers linked to Russian intelligence had committed the original breach of Podesta's Gmail account, using another all-too-common exploit: In March, the hackers sent them a bogus alert that appeared to come from Google, warning Podesta that “someone has your password.” That apparently prompted Podesta to click a link that redirected them to a fake Google login page, where they entered their credentials. (The site Motherboard initially reported the researchers' conclusions.)
Podesta, a former senior White House official in the Obama and Bill Clinton administrations, is far from the first prominent political figure to fall victim to basic security lapses.
In 2012, Gawker reported that hackers had broken into Romney's personal Hotmail account after correctly answering their backup security question: “What is your favorite pet?” Though reporters never confirmed speculation that the pet was Seamus — the Irish setter that Romney had famously transported on the roof of their car — these type of questions are easy for digital intruders to research and answer when they involve famous people. (The culprit who took credit for the intrusion claimed to have not taken any information.)
During the 2008 election, a University of Tennessee student used a similar technique to break into the Yahoo email account of Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin, then disclose some of their messages to WikiLeaks. The student was later sentenced to a year in federal custody.
And just last month, a federal judge sentenced Marcel Lazar — a Romanian hacker who went by the alias “Guccifer” — for infiltrating the emails of several Bush family members. The intrusion brought to light images of former President George W. Bush's paintings, including a self-portrait of them in the shower.
Even top intelligence officials have had their own digital fumbles. Within the last two years, intruders compromised the personal email accounts of both Clapper, the director of national intelligence, and Brennan, the CIA chief.
In Brennan's case, hackers penetrated their AOL account by posing as Verizon employees and getting AOL to reset their password. While a strong password would not have prevented this, turning on two-step authentication could have stymied the hackers.
But Brennan had no such security installed, allowing the digital pranksters to steal and publish the spy chief's application for a security clearance, a document that included exhaustive amounts of personal information in addition to sensitive details such as Brennan's Social Security number. Authorities recently arrested two North Carolina men on charges of committing the break-in.
Washington's problems with passwords are so well-known it's reached the point of self-parody. President Barack Obama joked about it last year during the White House's much-hyped cybersecurity conference at Stanford University.
“It's just too easy for hackers to figure out usernames and passwords, like ‘password,'” they said. “Or ‘12345 — 7.'
“Those are some of my previous passwords,” Obama added, to laughter. “I've changed them since then.”
The issue is more than a punchline, though.
Siegrist estimated that the sloppy personal cyber habits of top-level officials are creating a threat to national security that they pegged “probably at 8” on a scale of 1 to 10. That's because it's “highly likely that a similar pattern that someone uses at home is used at work as well,” they said.
The White House has acknowledged that the password is an inherently flawed security measure and is funding efforts to eliminate it altogether. Through a program known as the National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace, the administration has doled out grants to pilot projects that would allow people to access their accounts using other identifiers that are harder for hackers to compromise. Since 2012, the initiative has injected money into password alternatives that let people authenticate their identity online using mobile devices, digital rings and even bracelets.
But this process is going to take “quite a number of years,” cautioned Emmanuel Schalit, CEO of Dashlane, another password-management company.
So in the meantime, the Obama administration is also trying to nudge both the public and federal agencies into better password practices.
After last year's bruising cyberattack at the Office of Personnel Management — which exposed over 20 million federal workers' personnel files and security clearance forms — the White House directed all federal agencies to rapidly boost multifactor authentication for the vast majority of their network users. Earlier this year, the White House's issued a wide-ranging cybersecurity plan that included an October public-awareness campaign to encourage multifactor authentication.
The changes the administration is touting are desperately needed.
A recent annual data breach report from Verizon found that 63 percent of confirmed intrusions involved hackers exploiting weak, default or stolen passwords. Dashlane estimates that more than 2 billion people use passwords to gain access to accounts, but only 50 million use software that generates random, unique passwords for each login. And the average American has 130 online accounts registered to a single email address, a figure expected to double every five years.
Developing a password alternative “could have been easy to fix 25 years ago when the internet was created,” but “today the internet has become big enough and global enough you can't really make a mandate to individuals or to digital service providers to have them use some other system,” Schalit told POLITICO.
Jeffrey Goldberg, a product security officer at AgileBits, expressed some sympathy for people who fail to keep up with the latest security techniques. While it's “easy to blame and laugh at people for picking weak and guessable passwords or, worse, for reusing the same password for multiple sites and services,” they said, “I don't think that it is generally fair to do so.”
“The world has built a system that requires extraordinary effort and diligence to use security and then go and blame people for not using the system securely,” added Goldberg, whose company makes the password manager 1Password.
But for those in the highest reaches of government, it is imperative that they are forced to at least take the basic steps, experts conceded.
Siegrist compared the latest high-profile stumbles to someone who buys a house that hundreds of people have rented and then neglects to change the locks.
“Yeah, you can probably get away with it for a while,” they said, “but if you had valuable things behind your doors, you need to think a little more about it or about how else you're going to secure it.”
Calling Ty Segall prolific is an understatement. They also wear their musical influences on their sleeve. Understandably, when they took the stage with Mikal Cronin playing Reverse Shark Attack in full, the crowd was anticipating a legendary performance. The band delivered heavily, playing “Take Up Thy Stethoscope & Walk”, a Pink Floyd cover off The Piper at the Gates of Dawn. The performance kicks off the first night of In The Red Records' 25th anniversary show at The Echo and Echoplex. Friday tickets are still available so act fast! The weekend features additional performances by supergroup GOGGS, made up of Ex-Cult's Chris Shaw, Charles Moothart and of course, Ty Segall. Stay tuned for more coverage of the incredibly stacked fest from our channel.
Words by Phillip Gutgesell, video shot by Johann Arteaga Ramos of Dream Films Los Angeles.
Photos: Khalid Hussain Ayon
Bangladeshi rickshaws are a kaleidoscope of colours, interesting quotations and intricately painted stories.
On the streets of Dhaka, amidst the traffic and incessant honking, an ornately painted rickshaw with its jingly décor is surely a visual treat for our urban eyes. The rickshaw pullers who spend long stretches of time on their rickshaws make sure to decorate their rickshaws with all the pomp they can muster.
From intricate designs to rural scenery and casual humour- they have it all. So much so that it has almost evolved into an art form. Something that once was considered a vulgar and raw form of art made by mostly self-taught artists is considered as a form of visual culture in the new millennium, which is sadly fading away as digital media is now gradually replacing the former hand painted tradition.
"Just like how trucks and covered vans in other countries are hand painted in the brightest of colours, in Bangladesh rickshaw art shares the same status. It is a form of pop art that depicts our urban culture and folklore,” says Nazlee Laila Mansur, a freelance artist who has worked closely with rickshaw artists. This luminous, overdramatic style of rickshaw painting is Bangladesh's trademark, believes Nazlee. “Depending on their work, it takes artists a few hours to two to three days to hand-paint different parts of an entire rickshaw. Their skill is evident. Their brush strokes are bold but smooth while they make sure that their hands are steady. At a careful pace and yet with considerable speed, they produce these artworks.”
The subject matter of rickshaw art is as diverse as our cultural milieu itself. No matter what the art is about, floral motifs, especially of the lotus, are a must. Over the years, this mobile art museum has showcased pictures of animals, agricultural scenes, rural life, film stars, as well as lyrics and common phrases, all painted with deft hands in a burst of colours: reds and oranges, blues and greens, whites and yellows.
“Red has been very dominant in our art,” says Ahmed, a veteran rickshaw painter whose workshop is in the Hussaini Dalan area of Old Dhaka. “We use enamel paint mostly- for its longevity, affordability and vibrancy.”
“If you follow rickshaw art, you will get to see how they have changed over time with our political and cultural history,” says Ahmed. Right after the Liberation War, the design painted on the rickshaws did not merely present an aesthetic purpose, but also an attempt to depict the darkest hours as well as the most valiant moments of our history. Sometimes, these art works are an accurate depiction of real events, sometimes they are just an exaggerated vision of the imagination.
Speaking of imagination, rickshaw art displays the most distinctive fantasy when it comes to animal-centric pictorial semiotics, which had become very popular right after the ban on political depictions in rickshaw art. They have brought tigers, monkeys, rats, elephants and anthropomorphic animals out of the jungle, as they take on the roles of humans - singing, dancing, playing cards, getting an education and what not. Each of these plates that bring together humans and beasts in the same setting, belonging to the same social order, is nothing less than an emblematic fable. Just looking at them is not enough, you need to read through each of the strokes.
“During the 80's, you could say which movie is up for release by just looking at the back of a rickshaw,” says Rafique, another rickshaw painter. Loud, over the top images of the actors of candyfloss love dramas or an ungodly action scene between the hero and the villain, along with their 3D styled typography, would give us a peek of the movie lined with a tinge of humour.
Many talented, mostly self-taught rickshaw artists of our country, who are basically the first generation artists, popularly known as ustads, are credited for initiating this art form. Some of them are Alauddin, Abul, R K Das and Hakim. The second generation artists who experienced the golden age for rickshaw painting in Bangladesh had learnt this skill from their ustads. Very few of them have survived the onslaught of time. The third generation artists are having the hardest time, as they have to also compete with computerised paintings that many prefer to put up these days.
“We always faced challenges despite our skills. Fundamentalists have often criticised this art form as un-Islamic,” comments Ahmed. “Also, recently the number of rickshaws has decreased. There has been an influx of colour coded community rickshaws in some areas where the rickshaw painting is missing.”
"Rickshaw painting is now undergoing a transformation,” says Rafique. “A lot of things that were once hand painted are now being replaced by offset digital prints. To decorate the rickshaw plate, the rickshaw pullers needed to pay me Tk. 200 while today for only Tk. 40-50 taka, they can buy digital prints.”
"Some of these rickshaw artists, who have been carrying forward this profession for generations, now don't want their upcoming generations to do it because they are aware of the struggle involved.”
“I am a self-taught artist,” says Ahmed. “I started rickshaw painting back in 1969 and painted numerous rickshaw plates until 1985. Then I stopped working on rickshaws and started taking commission from foreign art enthusiasts. They pay me better for my work and I get to exhibit my work worldwide. The problem with artists like us is that people here in Bangladesh don't value our skills.”
The sole purpose of the wide range of intriguing subjects was basically to grab attention and they did much more than just that - this art form has become a symbol of our urban life. Many artists like Ahmed and Rafique have transcended borders and taken their priceless creations to the rest of the world.
That said, it's still a skill both rickshaw artists and drivers take immense pride in. Rickshaw pullers believe that a better looking rickshaw attracts more business. For some, it's like a moving billboard that travels from one side of the road to the other.
A mono-coloured yellow rickshaw fails to bring forth the touch of grandeur to the hustle and bustle of city life—something that is effortlessly achieved by our extravagantly decked, vibrantly colourful rickshaws.
Eminem has apparently lost their sense of humor over their song “Lose Yourself.”
The rapper is attempting to prevent pop parodist “Weird Al” Yankovic from shooting a video for their new song, “Couch Potato,” a take-off on Eminem's Oscar-winning tune from their film “8 Mile,” Yankovic tells the Associated Press.
“The only reason I could glean was that making a ‘Weird Al' music video would detract from their legacy as a serious hip-hop artist,” says Yankovic, 43. “It's very disappointing. This could have been my best video ever.”
Eminem scholars will note that the rapper parodied Elvis — the fat Elvis, at that — in their video “Without Me,” but Eminem's spokesperson, Dennis Dennehy, tells AP that “Lose Yourself” is close to the heart of the rapper, who apparently doesn't want it tainted by satire.
“It's an important personal piece of music for him, a piece of art,” says Dennehy. “He doesn't mind them doing the song, (but) they didn't want to change kids' visual perception on what that image was. They wanted to make sure the image would remain intact.”
Yankovic, who usually speaks with tongue planted firmly in cheek, said that Eminem originally permitted the parody to be done — but Eminem wanted to view the video before granting approval. That approval was then not given.
“We started preproduction on (the video) already, because we just assumed that there wouldn't a problem,” Yankovic said.
Even so, the song can still be heard on Yankovic's new album “Poodle Hat,” to be released May 20 — and which also features parodies of songs by Avril Lavigne and Nelly.
This isn't the first time Yankovic has run into trouble with serious rappers. Coolio also once lashed out at “Weird Al” after Yankovic's album “Bad Hair Day” featured “Amish Paradise,” a parody of Coolio's “Gangsta's Paradise.”
It's a simplification to conceive the Cathedral as a media apparatus. As simplifications go, however, one could do far worse. Media are essential to the Cathedral, even if by no means casually synonymous with it.
It is surely noteworthy that ‘the media' have become singular, in much the same way as ‘the United States' have done. ‘They' have turned into a thing, and one that is still far from being confidently understood. Even when subjectively identifying with a residual plurality, they cannot but identify themselves with a unitary effectiveness.
While it would be asking far too much to expect the Cathedral to identify itself as a central causal factor in a world going insane, it gets close. NYmag expresses deep concern about the consequences of the news machine:
A terrifying jihadist group is conquering and butchering its way across big swaths of Iraq and Syria. Planes are falling out of the sky on what seems like a weekly basis. Civilians are being killed in massive numbers in the Israel-Gaza conflict. Others are falling prey to Ebola in West Africa. The world, in short, is falling apart. […] That's how it feels, at least, to those of us who sit at a blessed remove from the death and destruction, but who are watching every bloody moment of it via cable news and social media. It raises an important question: In an age when we can mainline bad news 24/7 if we so choose, what's the psychological impact of all this exposure to tragedy at a distance?
Drawing upon the work of Mary McNaughton-Cassill (a University of Texas–San Antonio professor at the “leading researcher on the connection between media consumption and stress”), it describes a process of “negative-information overload” driven by market-incentivized sensationalism, compounded by social media revolution, and prone to poorly-understood tangles of psycho-media feedback. Since a story of this kind consists primarily of the Cathedral talking to itself, with everyone else listening in, we quickly learn that the ‘problem' cashes out into pessimistic disengagement from electoral politics and progressive voluntarism. According to McNaughton-Cassill, negative news bombardment produces “this malaise: ‘Everything's kinda bad' and ‘Why should I vote? It's not gonna help' and ‘I could donate money, but there's just gonna be another kid who's starving next week.'”
In addition to a burgeoning sense of helplessness, they said, cognitive shortcuts triggered by the news can also lead us to gradually see the world as a darker and darker place, chipping away at certain optimistic tendencies. McNaughton-Cassill's research suggests that that all things being equal, if you ask people, regardless of their circumstances, to evaluate what's going around them — Do they think their neighbors are good people? Do they think the local schools are solid? — “People always say yes in their immediate setting.” […] Zoom out a little, though, and people have less to go on. … “As soon as you get out of your zone, most of your information's from the news … and the news by definition covers the extreme things.” […] People could be forgiven for adopting a hell-in-a-handbasket stance toward the rest of the world. […] That's a problem, because when people are led to believe things are falling apart, it affects their decision-making and their politics — whether or not their pessimism is warranted. We already know from political-psychological research that the more threatened people feel, the more likely they will be to support right-wing policies. And people who believe in the concept of unmitigated evil appear more likely to support torture and other violent policies. […] It's hard to fully sketch out these mechanisms, of course. Could years and years of exposure to negative news heighten your belief in a Manichean world and in turn make you more reactionary?
As noted, there are some critical feedback circuits excluded (in principal) from this analysis, in part to preserve the fundamental architecture of the progressive historical narrative (“… on a broader level there's solid evidence — perhaps gathered most comprehensively by Steven Pinker …”). Media malfunction as core meltdown of Western Civilization, sucking the world into hell, wouldn't fit this story at all. Nevertheless, it's clearly creeping in around the edges, and something considerably more drastic than standard information manipulation procedures seem to be called for.
How can we fight back against the unnecessary coarsening of our outlook that may be occurring every time we glance at one of our gadgets? The simplest technique is … to “Just turn it off.” That is, take a break from the news. […] “You can't change the externals,” they said. “You have to get some control mentally.” What's most important is “getting a handle on why you get anxious and worried about things that probably aren't going to happen, or knowing what your triggers are.” The more you understand your own reaction to the news, the easier it will be to shape your news-consumption habits in an adaptive way.
If this sounds like subtle begging, it really kind of is. Afflicted by incomprehensible cybernetic pathologies, the media system is failing in its responsibility to screen you from reality, and now — quite desperately — needs your help. You can't any longer rely on propaganda to save you. In fact, you have to assume that there's a really good story out there that the media is keeping from you. You have to “understand that you're seeing a lot of bad news not because the world is an inherently evil place, but because news outlets — not to mention individual Twitter and Facebook users — have lots of incentives to broadcast explosively negative news stories.” We interrupt this world historical nightmare to deliver an important news flash — the media has gone insane. You have to protect yourself, or it will seem as if the whole global order is falling apart into bloody chaos around your ears.
Overall, of course, it's both unrealistic and undesirable to construct bubbles that keep out the world's bad news. But there's a difference between being informed and being obsessive, and it's a line that's very easy to accidentally slide across in an age when there's so much scary information zipping around.
Scariest of all is the system of information itself, but it can't quite get that part of the story into coherent shape. By the time it does, the world will have descended by another gyre. Experts now confirm that throwing your TV set out of the window will help …
ADDED: This classic movie scene (suggested by Mr Archenemy) seems obviously on topic.
ADDED: “Social media – in this context, the most inappropriate of phrases – has a new craze. Atrocity porn.”
Unnamed official says US president colluded with Palestinians over planned security council vote on settlements
An Israeli official has accused Barack Obama of colluding in a “shameful move against Israel at the UN” over a planned security council vote on Israeli illegal settlements.
In striking language underlining the long-running depth of hostility between the government of Benjamin Netanyahu and the Obama administration, the unnamed official accused Obama and their secretary of state, John Kerry, of “secretly cooking up with Palestinians an extreme anti-Israeli resolution”.
The comments emerged in the midst of 24 hours of extraordinary diplomacy that saw the US president-elect, Donald Trump – who has yet to be sworn into office – undermine the foreign policy of a sitting president and intervene to see a vote on the resolution on Thursday evening postponed.
That appears to have been only a temporary respite as it emerged that other members of the security council were pushing ahead with a vote on the same text later on Friday.
UN abruptly postpones vote to halt Israeli settlements 'indefinitely' Read more
At the heart of the issue has been an Egypt-drafted resolution that calls for the immediate halt of illegal Israeli settlement building, which it appeared the Obama administration was prepared not to veto in a breach of the US's long record of vetoing resolutions criticising Israel.
This prompted Netanyahu to ask for help from Trump and their transition team and also saw Israel put pressure on the Egyptian president, Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, behind the scenes to postpone a vote.
Explaining the Israeli moves, the unidentified Israeli official said: “President Obama and secretary Kerry are behind this shameful move against Israel at the UN. The US administration secretly cooked up with the Palestinians an extreme anti-Israeli resolution behind Israel's back which would be a tailwind for terror and boycotts and effectively make the Western Wall occupied Palestinian territory.”
They continued by calling it “an abandonment of Israel which breaks decades of US policy of protecting Israel at the UN”, adding: “President Obama could declare their willingness to veto this resolution in an instant but instead is pushing it. This is an abandonment of Israel which breaks decades of US policy of protecting Israel at the UN.”
Reacting to news the resolution might be gone to a vote on Friday, Israel's ambassador to the UN, Danny Danon, said: “We call on the United States to stand by us and we expect our greatest ally to continue with its long-standing policy and to veto this resolution.”
Responding to the Israeli accusations, the Obama administration strongly denied it had been involved in any of the discussions around the draft.
The furious Israeli comments emerged after the disclosure of the details of the contacts between Netanyahu, the Trump transition team and Cairo on Thursday seeking to have the vote cancelled or delayed.
The timing of some of the contacts – between Netanyahu and Trump's transition team, and between Trump's team and Egypt – remains unclear, but it appears Trump called Sisi after the cancellation of the vote.
Donald Trump's Israel ambassador is hardline pro-settler lawyer Read more
Unlike Trump's other recent interventions in US foreign policy, which have largely flagged up their often contradictory intentions, on this occasion they appear to have deliberately interposed themselves in an issue of current US and international diplomacy.
Sisi's spokesperson, Alaa Yousef, said on Friday that the two had agreed to give Trump's incoming administration a chance to tackle the issue.
“During the call, they discussed regional affairs and developments in the Middle East and, in that context, the draft resolution in front of the security council on Israeli settlement,” Yousef said.
In an unintended slip referring to Trump's status, they added: “The presidents agreed on the importance of affording the new US administration the full chance to deal with all dimensions of the Palestinian case with a view of achieving a full and final settlement.”
In more evidence of the growing crisis around the resolution, the hawkish US senator Lindsey Graham warned that any country receiving US aid that voted for the resolution would see moves against it in Congress to have that aid suspended or significantly reduced.
Speculation that the US might not deploy its veto had been fuelled by the Obama administration's frustration over recent political moves by Netanyahu's rightwing coalition, not least over proposed measures to retroactively legalise 100 outposts built on private Palestinian land.
Israeli settlements have long been seen as a stumbling block in peace efforts as they are built on land the Palestinians see as part of their future state. The UN maintains that settlements are illegal but its officials have reported a surge in construction over the past months.
Sarah Tew/CNET
Apple's next iPhone may arrive on time after all.
Maybe.
Going into Tuesday's earnings report, most expected Apple to delay the launch of its next flagship iPhone, with rumors calling for an October release date, if not later. But the normally conservative Apple surprised everyone by offering a cheery forecast for the current quarter, with revenue ranging from $49 billion to $52 billion, above Wall Street's forecast of $49.2 billion.
That forecast is important because it suggests that some sort of new iPhone will launch in the period, which runs until the end of September. Otherwise, there's no way its existing product line could generate those numbers, which represent an increase over the $46.9 billion it posted a year earlier.
"There's simply no way to achieve the kind of growth their guidance suggests without that," said Jan Dawson, an analyst at Jackdaw Research.
Now playing: Watch this: iPhone, iPad and Mac sales are all up before iPhone 8
The sentiment was enough to drive the stock to an all-time high in after-hours trading on Tuesday. It's up 5.7 percent to $158.57 in pre-market trading on Wednesday morning.
CEO Tim Cook teased only an "exciting fall" during a conference call on Tuesday, but clammed up when an analyst asked directly about their thoughts on a new iPhone. "No comment on anything that's not announced," Cook said.
While we may see new iPhones in September, they could be an upgraded version of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the usual addition of an "S" to its name. Dawson said it would be hard for Apple to hit its revenue forecast without a new high-end iPhone. But the company could still hold back the rumored radically different iPhone 8 in October or later.
Apple usually schedules an event in early September, so we're likely just a few weeks away.
Here's a breakdown of other notable comments from Cook:
The China issue
Cook took the time to address the controversy over Apple shutting down several virtual private network apps in China, seen by some as the company acquiescing to the government's request. A VPN is a secure online connection that internet service providers (and government authorities that monitor them) can't look at.
James Martin/CNET
In this case, Cook said Apple was forced to remove the VPN apps because they didn't have the necessary license to operate in China. They said Apple has to follow the laws of each country it operates in, even if it doesn't agree with the principle.
"Hopefully the restrictions we're seeing are loosened," they said. "Innovation requires freedom to collaborate and communicate."
In contrast, Google doesn't offer its services in China because of censorship issues.
Cook also dismissed the notion that this was similar to Apple's fight against the FBI last year, in which the government wanted the company to build a backdoor into its encrypted software. In that case, the law was on Apple's side, Cook said.
Autonomous system
Cook struck a bullish tone when it came to autonomous driving and noted that cars represented just the first application. They said Apple was making a big investment in this area and that autonomous systems can be used in a variety of ways.
"I don't want to go further than that," they said.
They called autonomy "the mother of all AI projects."
To be fair, they use that expression a lot.
A lot of love for iPhone 7
Despite all the attention for the next iPhone, the current flagship iPhone 7 is still the top seller. Taken together, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus saw strong double-digit growth, Cook said, with sales of the Plus unit surpassing the year-ago Plus model.
Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri noted that its iPhone average selling price rose to $606 from $595 a year ago. That's down from its high of $695 set in the first first quarter, when people were clamoring for the Plus model. That's poised to go back up if the rumors of a $1,000 iPhone are true.
The company also surpassed the 1.2 billion mark on total iPhones sold.
iPad for schools
The iPad snapped 13 consecutive quarters of declines with a 15 percent gain in unit sales and a 2 percent gain in revenue. That's likely helped by the introduction of the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, but Cook also noted that iPad sales to education rose 32 percent over a year ago.
They noted that half of the iPads sold in China and Japan were too first-time iPad buyers.
Apple Watch a hit...we think
Cook also touted the market share leadership of the Apple Watch, although once again stayed mum on any specific numbers.
CNET
Apple throws Apple Watch sales into the "other" category that includes accessories, Beats headphones and AirPods.
Still, a 23 percent gain in the "other" category suggests upward trajectory for the wearable.
Road Trip 2016: Reporters' dispatches from the field on tech's role in the global refugee crisis.
Road Trip 2015: CNET hunts for innovation outside the Silicon Valley bubble.
Like a towheaded baby whose golden curls inevitably turn mousy brown at exactly the same age they or they start giving a crap about hair color, our planet is going darker on top as it ages. That's bad news for a couple of reasons — first, because it's happening as a result of global warming, and second, because it will make global warming worse.
Scientists analyzed 30 years of data and discovered that the Arctic is losing some of its reflectivity — i.e., it's getting darker. That's because of thinning ice showing the darker water below, and dark ponds of water forming on the ice's surface. All in all, the Arctic is 15 percent less reflective than it used to be.
And that's a problem. Because the more sunlight the Arctic absorbs instead of reflecting, the warmer it will get. It's the same principle behind painting your roof white to save energy and keep your house cool. We had a natural white roof in the form of Arctic ice, and now it's darkening.
There's only one possible solution: Paint the Arctic white. Or bleach it. That's what people do to their hair, and it seems to work.
Taliban militants opened fire Tuesday on an Afghan government delegation visiting one of the two villages in southern Afghanistan where a U.S. soldier is suspected of killing 16 civilians.
The gunfire killed an Afghan soldier who was providing security for the delegation, said Gen. Abdul Razaq, the police chief for Kandahar province where the visit took place. Another Afghan soldier and a military prosecutor were wounded in the attack, they said.
The attack in Balandi village came as the Taliban vowed to kill and behead those responsible for the 16 Afghan civilians killed Sunday.
The delegation, which included two of President Hamid Karzai's brothers and other senior officials, was holding a memorial service in a mosque for victims when the shooting started.
One of the president's brothers, Qayum Karzai, said the attack didn't seem serious to him.
"We were giving them our condolences, then we heard two very, very light shots," said Karzai. "Then we assumed that it was the national army that started to fire in the air."
They said the members of the delegation, which also included Kandahar governor Tooryalai Wesa and Minister of Border and Tribal Affairs Asadullah Khalid, were safe and headed back to Kandahar city.
Also Tuesday, hundreds of students in eastern Afghanistan held the first significant protest against the killings.
The students shouted angry slogans against the soldier in the eastern city of Jalalabad and carried banners calling for their public trial.
Some of the protesters were constructing an effigy of President Barack Obama that they planned to burn.
Sunday's killings in Kandahar province have caused outrage in Afghanistan, but have not sparked the kind of violent protests seen last month after American soldiers burned Muslim holy books.
The more muted response could be a result of Afghans being used to dealing with civilian casualties over a decade of war.
More details emerged Monday about the suspect, an Army staff sergeant who is currently detained in Afghanistan.
The suspect, whose name has not yet been released, is described to Fox News by military sources as an infantry sniper out of Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state. They suffered traumatic brain injury in 2010 after a vehicle rollover accident in Iraq, though they later are deemed "fit for duty," a senior U.S. official said.
Sources also said the suspect had "family problems," possibly related to trouble in their marriage, before deploying for the fourth time.
The suspect will likely will stand trial in the U.S., military sources told Fox News -- and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said they could face the death penalty.
Panetta said they may face capital charges, and that the U.S. must resist pressure from Washington and Kabul to change course in Afghanistan because of anti-American outrage over the shooting.
"We seem to get tested almost every other day with challenges that test our leadership and our commitment to the mission that we're involved in," Panetta told reporters traveling with them to Krygzystan. "War is hell."
Obama also expressed their shock and sadness and extended their condolences to the families of the victims, but said the horrific episode would not speed up plans to pull out foreign forces.
Sunday's attack in southern Kandahar province unfolded in two villages near a U.S. base. Villager Mohammad Zahir recounted to the Associated Press how an American soldier burst into their home in the middle of the night, searched the rooms, then dropped to a knee and shot their father in the thigh as they emerged from a bedroom.
"He was not holding anything -- not even a cup of tea," Zahir said.
The AP reported the suspect is a 38-year-old father of two. Fox News sources said they didn't turn themselves in, but rather returned to the base and was detained. They were the only person thought to have left the base.
The shootings come as anti-Americanism already is boiling over in Afghanistan after U.S. troops burned Korans last month and a video of Marines urinating on alleged Taliban corpses was posted on the Internet in January.
An enraged Afghan President Hamid Karzai called it "an assassination, an intentional killing of innocent civilians" that cannot be forgiven. They demanded an explanation from Washington for the deaths, which included nine children and three women.
NATO and member countries said the slayings were a blow to the alliance's efforts to cultivate trust but would not affect the timeline to hand over security operations to Afghans by the end of 2014. The White House said U.S. objectives will not change because of the killings.
The soldier has been in the military for 11 years and served three tours in Iraq. Their name was not released because it would be "inappropriate" to do so before charges are filed, said Pentagon spokesperson George Little.
But Panetta, their first public remarks on the incident, said Monday evening the death penalty is a consideration as the military moves to investigate and possibly put the suspect on trial.
The soldier was deployed to Afghanistan on Dec. 3 with the 2nd Battalion, 3rd Infantry Regiment of the 3rd Stryker Brigade, 2nd Infantry Division, based at Joint Base Lewis-McChord located south of Seattle, a congressional source told the Associated Press, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.
They were attached Feb. 1 to the village stability program in Belambai, a half-mile from one of the villages where the attack took place, the congressional source said.
Zahir told how they watched the soldier enter their house and move through it methodically, checking each room.
"I heard a gunshot. When I came out of my room, somebody entered our house. They were in a NATO forces uniform. I didn't see their face because it was dark," they said.
Zahir, 26, said they quickly went to a part of the house where animals are penned.
"After that, I saw them moving to different areas of the house -- like they were searching," they said.
Their father, unarmed, then took a few steps out of their bedroom, Zahir recalled. Then the soldier fired.
"I love my father, but I was sure that if I came out they would shoot me too. So I waited." Zahir said. Their mother started pulling their father into the room, and they helped cover their father's bullet wound with a cloth. Zahir's father survived.
After the gunman left, Zahir said they heard more gunshots near the house, and they stayed in hiding for a few minutes to make sure they were gone.
Fox News' Jennifer Griffin and Justin Fishel and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Story highlights Clippers players, in apparent protest, wear shirts inside out to hide logos
Sterling's girlfriend's lawyer says they didn't release the recordings
Michael Jordan denounces "such sickening and offensive views"
The website Deadspin released new recording Sunday
The players in the National Basketball Association spoke out Sunday about racist comments attributed to Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
The Clippers players staged a silent protest. As they warmed up for an NBA playoff game, the players removed their warmup shirts bearing team logos to reveal red T-shirts worn inside out, with the logos hidden. They finished warming up, removed the red shirts and played the game wearing their regular uniforms.
The National Basketball Players Association demanded Sterling be barred from all playoff games this season. The players also want an accounting of past accusations of racism against Sterling; an explanation of what kind of discipline might be issued; assurance that the league commissioner will work with the association; and assurance the investigation will be conducted swiftly.
JUST WATCHED Magic Johnson: Sterling should step down Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Magic Johnson: Sterling should step down 01:16
JUST WATCHED NBA team owner in hot water over remarks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH NBA team owner in hot water over remarks 02:21
And throughout the day, past stars including Michael Jordan slammed Sterling.
Sterling wasn't there to see the protest or their team lose 118-97 to the Golden State Warriors. They agreed to stay away from the game because of the controversy that heightened Sunday when the website Deadspin released an additional audio recording of a conversation that purports to be Sterling talking with girlfriend V. Stiviano earlier this month.
Neither Deadspin nor TMZ, which released a similar recording Saturday, said where they got the recordings. Stiviano's lawyer's office said Sunday that they didn't release the recordings but that they're legitimate.
"This office understands that the currently released audio tape of approximately 15 minutes is a portion of approximately one (1) hour of overall audio recording of Mr. Donald T. Sterling and Ms. Stiviano, and is in fact legitimate," Mac E. Nehoray said in a news release. "Ms. Stiviano did not release the tape(s) to any news media."
The 15-minute Deadspin recording purports to be Sterling talking with Stiviano about their Instagram photo feed. The photos include images of them with African-Americans, including NBA great Earvin "Magic" Johnson.
If authentic, the remarks seem to reflect Sterling's embarrassment and frustration with Stiviano over their associating with African-Americans at Clippers games and for posting such pictures on their Instagram account.
Three NBA legends lashed out at Sterling Sunday.
Jordan, considered the league's greatest player and now the majority owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, said: "As an owner, I'm obviously disgusted that a fellow team owner could hold such sickening and offensive views. ... As a former player, I'm completely outraged. There is no room in the NBA -- or anywhere else -- for the kind of racism and hatred that Mr. Sterling allegedly expressed."
NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who was a Clippers special assistant coach in 2000, told CNN: "I know him. I know their voice. I am not surprised by this very much."
But Abdul-Jabbar said Sterling was congenial in person and said they never heard any racist words from Sterling. Still, the recording shows a "repugnant attitude for someone to have, and for them to be an employer for so many people of color, it kind of blows your mind."
Johnson, speaking on an ABC pregame show Sunday, said Sterling needs to go.
"He shouldn't own a team any more. And they should stand up and say, 'I don't want to own a team any more,' " Johnson said.
'Is that racism?'
In the latest recording, a man and woman talk about the photos, and they tell them they cannot change cultural beliefs, Deadspin reported
The woman says they don't think the man is racist but the people around them have "poison minds."
JUST WATCHED Obama on NBA owner's alleged comments Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama on NBA owner's alleged comments 01:54
JUST WATCHED 'Magic' Johnson responds to racist rant Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Magic' Johnson responds to racist rant 02:30
"It's the world! You go to Israel, the blacks are just treated like dogs," the man says.
They say there are white Jews and black Jews, and they are treated 100% differently.
"And is that right?" the woman asks.
"It isn't a question -- we don't evaluate what's right and wrong, we live in a society. We live in a culture. We have to live within that culture," the man replies.
When the woman says they don't share the man's views about race, they tell her: "Well, then, if you don't feel -- don't come to my games. Don't bring black people, and don't come."
The woman, who says they are of mixed race, reminds them that most of their team's players are African-American.
"I support them and give them food, and clothes, and cars, and houses. Who gives it to them? Does someone else give it to them? Do I know that I have -- Who makes the game? Do I make the game, or do they make the game?"
The woman compares racial discrimination to the Holocaust.
"And you're Jewish. You understand discrimination," they say.
The man disagrees with the analogy and says that what he's talking about is not discrimination.
"There's no racism here. If you don't want to be walking into a basketball game with a certain person, is that racism?" the man says.
Investigation under way
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said Saturday that Sterling, who has owned the basketball franchise for nearly three decades, is now under investigation over the comments attributed to him.
Silver said that the league's investigation will seek to determine whether the recording is authentic and to figure out the context in which these "offensive and disturbing" comments were made.
But they cautioned that Sterling must be afforded due process, so they would not speculate on any possible punishment, but said that the investigation will move "extraordinarily quickly."
Clippers President Andy Roeser on Saturday suggested a woman -- whom they don't mention by name -- was "getting even" with Sterling over a lawsuit.
Rochelle Sterling, the wife of Donald Sterling, filed a lawsuit last month against Stiviano, who they said was having an affair with their husband.
In the complaint, Rochelle Sterling accuses Stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men. The suit claims that Donald Sterling used the couple's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari, two Bentleys, and a Range Rover and that Stiviano took possession of a $1.8 million duplex through fraud. Sterling also gave them nearly $250,000 in cash, the court document says.
Stiviano countered in another court document that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving their gifts, and they never took advantage of the Clippers owner, who made much of their fortune in real estate.
'And don't bring them to my games'
Speaking about the recording, Roeser said, "We do not know if it is legitimate or it has been altered. We do know that the woman on the tape -- who we believe released it to TMZ -- is the defendant in a lawsuit brought by the Sterling family alleging that they embezzled more than $1.8 million, who told Mr. Sterling that they would 'get even.'"
According to the website TMZ , Sterling reportedly made discriminatory remarks during an argument they had with Stiviano on April 9. TMZ on Saturday posted a 10-minute recording purporting to be the argument.
The man alleged to be Sterling takes particular exception to a photo they posted to Instagram with Johnson.
"In your lousy f**ing Instagrams, you don't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people," the man says.
"If it's white people, it's OK?" they respond. "If it was Larry Bird, would it make a difference?"
Bird, the longtime Boston Celtics star, was Johnson's NBA rival.
"I've known (Magic) well and they should be admired. ... I'm just saying that it's too bad you can't admire them privately," the man on the recording says. "Admire him, bring them here, feed him, f**k him, but don't put (Magic) on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me. And don't bring them to my games."
Roeser said Sterling is upset and apologizes for sentiments attributed to them about Johnson. "(Sterling) has long considered Magic a friend and has only the utmost respect and admiration for them -- both in terms of who they are and what they have achieved."
Sterling is "emphatic that what is reflected on that recording is not consistent with, nor does it reflect their views, beliefs or feelings," Roeser said.
President Obama's response
President Barack Obama weighed in on the controversy.
At a news conference with Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak on Sunday, Obama was asked about the comments on the recording.
"When ignorant folks want to advertise their ignorance, you don't really have to do anything, you just let them talk. That's what happened here," the President said.
Obama also said Sterling's alleged comments are an example of how "the United States continues to wrestle with the legacy of race and slavery and segregation."
The president of the California NAACP suggested fans boycott Clippers games.
"We also suggest that African-Americans and Latinos should honor (Sterling's) request and not attend the games," Alice Huffman said in a statement released Saturday.
Sterling was to receive a lifetime achievement award at an event next month to mark the 100th anniversary of the Los Angeles NAACP, but the national organization tweeted Sunday that wouldn't happen.
LeBron James speaks out
The release of the recordings comes at a bad time for the Clippers, who are playing in the first round of the NBA playoffs.
"I don't know if I'm surprised or not," Clippers head coach Doc Rivers said at the team's practice Saturday, adding that they "obviously" didn't like the comments.
Rivers, who is in their first year coaching the team, told reporters that they didn't want the controversy to detract from the playoffs. They said they would be the sole person speaking on behalf of the team.
But Chris Paul, a Clippers player and president of the National Basketball Players Association, issued a statement Saturday saying "this is a very serious issue which we will address aggressively."
Helping the players association will be Kevin Johnson, a former NBA player and current Sacramento, California, mayor. "There needs to be an immediate investigation, and if the reports are true, there needs to be strong and swift action taken," Johnson said in a statement on the NBPA website.
Miami Heat forward LeBron James was one of several players and former players who weighed in on the controversy. James spoke to reporters before the playoff game against the Charlotte Bobcats Saturday night.
"If the reports are true, it's unacceptable. It's unacceptable in our league. It doesn't matter if you're white, black, Hispanic, whatever, all across the races. It's unacceptable, and as a commissioner in our league, they have to make a stand, and they have to be very aggressive with it."
"Should this guy continue to be an owner?" asked Shaquille O'Neal, who also called the comments "repugnant."
"We cannot have an NBA owner discriminating against the league," said Charles Barkley. "We're a black league."
Both discussed the issue during the Atlanta Hawks-Indiana Pacers halftime program on TNT, which like CNN is a division of Time Warner.
Much of your brain is devoted to your tongue. It is a huge muscle, constantly moving, that has to keep out of the way of your teeth, help you swallow and avoid choking you. It's covered with densely packed touch receptors that constantly update the mental map of the shape of your mouth. And your tongue is connected to the brain's language centres so it often moves to partly form word shapes as you think. All this sends a huge stream of data to your brain. Sticking your tongue out or biting it, reduces its movement and cuts down on this torrent, which leaves more brain-power available to concentrate.
Advertisement
Subscribe to BBC Focus magazine for fascinating new Q&As every month and follow @sciencefocusQA on Twitter for your daily dose of fun science facts.
HARRISON, N.J. (January 23, 2016) – New York Red Bulls center back Karl Ouimette has been named to the Canadian Men's National Team 23-man roster for an upcoming friendly against the United States on February 5, Canada Soccer announced.
Ouimette, one of 11 MLS players called in, will join Canada in camp on Monday, and train through February 6, as the CMNT prepares for a pair of upcoming World Cup Qualifiers against Mexico in March.
The Repentigny, Quebec native signed with New York ahead of the 2015 season, re-joining Jesse Marsch, the coach that signed them as the first Homegrown Player in Montreal Impact history in 2012.
Ouimette appeared in 11 games for the Red Bulls, including seven starts. Ouimette became a regular with the CMNT in 2015, earning call ups to all major camps and competitions, including World Cup Qualifiers and the CONCACAF Gold Cup. They appeared in 10 matches in 2015 and has 14 caps overall.
The match against the United States will be played at the Stubhub Center in Carson, California. Ouimette will go head-to-head with Red Bulls teammates Matt Miazga and Luis Robles, who are in camp with the U.S.
German company Birkenstock, which dates back to 1774, pulled it shoes from Amazon.com earlier this year. Here, a worker at one of the company's production halls in Goerlitz, Germany. (Arno Burgi/AP)
The chief executive of Birkenstock USA has emerged as an unlikely crusader in a growing battle between smaller retailers and ever-expanding giant Amazon.com.
Their message to shop owners: Don't even think about selling our shoes to Amazon.
In a blistering five-page email obtained by The Washington Post, David Kahan last week derided the online behemoth for contacting shop owners and offering to buy their products at full price.
Birkenstock stopped selling its shoes on Amazon earlier this year, citing a rise in counterfeit products and unauthorized sellers.
[Read Kahan's complete letter about Amazon here]
Amazon, in an attempt to grow even bigger, has recently ramped up its efforts to stock its site with third-party goods. In past weeks, the company has contacted tens of thousands of U.S. retailers, asking them to sell their products directly to Amazon. Among the merchants it contacted were shoe stores that sell only Birkenstocks. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder and chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.)
In the email, Kahan called the entreaty a “desperate act” and a “PERSONAL AFFRONT.”
“Birkenstock does NOT sell [to] Amazon,” they wrote in the email to retail partners. “And it is clear that they are seeking back-channel means by which to obtain our brand.”
They emphasized that the German shoemaker prohibits shop owners from selling, distributing or shipping its products to resellers.
“I will state clearly, any authorized retailer who may do this for even a single pair will be closed FOREVER,” Kahan wrote. “I repeat, FOREVER.”
Kahan added that they are considering legal action against Amazon.com for “knowingly encouraging a breach of our policy.”
A spokesperson for Amazon said the company buys products from third-party businesses to offer customers “a wider selection of great brands,” and that those sellers can opt out at any time. They declined to comment on Kahan's complaint.
“In our mission to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon strives to provide our customers with the largest selection, at the lowest price, and with the fastest delivery,” the spokesperson said in an email.
[Amazon's bid for Whole Foods sparks speculation on what it might gobble up next]
But Kahan said that allowing unauthorized retailers — in this case, Amazon — to sell the company's iconic cork-and-leather sandals could tarnish its brand and reputation. Also at risk, they said, is the ability of companies to control how — and where — their products are sold.
“This is modern-day piracy on the high seas,” Kahan said in an interview. “This is a middle finger to all brands, not just Birkenstock.”
For years, Amazon was one of the country's largest sellers of Birkenstocks. But about a year ago, Kahan announced they would end the partnership after deeming that Amazon wasn't doing enough to guard against fakes.
They announced their decision in an email, which was obtained by CNBC.
“BUYER BEWARE,” they wrote in the letter. “The Amazon marketplace creates an environment where we experience unacceptable business practices which we believe jeopardize our brand.”
Whether to do business with the online behemoth has become a fraught question for retailers big and small. Last week, Sears announced that it would begin selling its Kenmore appliances directly on Amazon, following in the footsteps of others such as Nike, Samsung, Microsoft and Bose.
[Sears is giving shoppers even fewer reasons to go to its stores]
But Amazon's partnerships haven't always been successful. In 2009, the company agreed to pay $51 million to settle a five-year battle with Toys R Us after the toy company accused Amazon of breaking their contract by allowing other companies to sell toys, games and baby items on the site. Amazon countersued Toys R Us, alleging “chronic failure” to keep products in stock.
More than half — 55 percent — of Americans now begin their online shopping trips on Amazon, according to a survey commissioned by BloomReach, a marketing-research firm. Even if shoppers do not begin their search on the site, they often end up there, with roughly 90 percent of consumers checking Amazon before they make a purchase, the survey found.
The owner of a North Carolina chain that specializes in Birkenstock shoes said they have been contacted by Amazon multiple times with solicitation offers.
“Through the years, they've always tried to get our business,” said the owner, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they feared retaliation. “But I never paid much attention. It's just not something I'm going to do.”
For their part, Kahan says they have expressed their displeasure to Amazon. They added that they are not anti-Amazon and is not trying to pick a fight.
Birkenstock, which was founded in Germany in 1774, did not arrive in the United States until nearly two centuries later. The company's signature two-strap sandals quickly caught on during the counterculture movement of the 1960s and 1970s, becoming synonymous with hippie fashion.
[How ‘street style' lost its meaning and its power]
The brand has enjoyed a resurgence in recent years. Earlier this month, Vogue magazine compared the company's shoes to kale: “It's neither glamorous nor exotic — no asparagus, no quinoa — yet it makes people feel good, almost virtuous.”
At Martin's Family Shoes in Gettysburg, Pa., owner John Fidler says sales of Birkenstocks are up about 20 percent this year, which they attribute at least partly to the company's split with Amazon. They were encouraged, they said, to receive Kahan's “ticked off” email last week.
“It was great that somebody finally put Amazon in its place,” they said. “I don't see any reason to sell there.”
Read more:
Amazon is trying to chip away at brick-and-mortar clothing stores' last big advantage
How ‘seeds' and superhot gas could take down the $80 billion diamond industry
The battle over a $52 sports bra goes to court
Hackers have been stealing credit card numbers from Trump's hotels for months
© ANP
© Mats van Soolingen
© ANP
Amsterdam wordt steeds slimmer. Het aantal leerlingen in het basis- en voortgezet onderwijs neemt toe en het onderwijsniveau stijgt. Sinds 2007 is het aantal vwo-adviezen met 55 procent toegenomen en het aantal havo-adviezen met 22 procent. Het aantal vmbo-adviezen bleef stabiel. De hoogste citoscores werden behaald in Centrum (gemiddeld 540,1); de laagste in Zuidoost (gemiddeld 530,5). Met een gemiddelde score van 534,6 scoort Amsterdam een fractie lager dan het landelijk gemiddelde (535).Over weinig zaken zijn Amsterdammers zo eensgezind als over het wegknippen van fietsen door de gemeente. Gemeentelijke maffia, is een veelgehoord commentaar. Toch daalde het aantal fietsen dat naar het gemeentelijke depot werd gebracht in 2014 met 6,9 procent tot 68.680. Zijn er dan eindelijk meer fietsparkeerplekken? Of snappen Amsterdammers eindelijk dat je je fiets niet overal mag neerkwakken? De cijfers geven op deze vragen helaas geen antwoord. Toch geven de statistieken uitgesplitst per stadsdeel wel een vermoeden: de prioriteiten in de stadsdelen buiten het centrum liggen elders. Zo daalde het aantal weggeknipte hinderlijk en/of foutgeparkeerde fietsen in Noord van 398 naar 13. De kans dat er niet meer op wordt gehandhaafd lijkt voordehandliggender dan dat fietsen in Noord ineens keurig worden geparkeerd. Ook in West en Zuid werden minder fietsen weggeknipt. Andersom steeg het aantal weggeknipte fietsen in Oost juist met bijna 40 procent (2760 in 2014 tegenover 1989 in 2013).Amsterdam wordt steeds schoner, althans: het wagenpark. Medio 2015 waren er 3100 elektrische personenauto's in Amsterdam, een verdubbeling ten opzichte van het voorgaande jaar. Ten opzichte van 2011 is dat 40 keer zo veelt; toen waren er slechts 74 elektrische personenauto's.Dat wil echter niet zeggen dat de lucht in Amsterdam schoner wordt – integendeel. In totaal hebben auto's in Amsterdam in 2014 3,5 miljard kilometer afgelegd. De hoeveelheid kooldioxide die werd uitgestoten kwam in 2014 op 840 kilotons, een stijging van 5 procent ten opzichte van 2008. Het vrachtverkeer en bussen zijn verantwoordelijk voor 18 procent van de CO2-uitstoot, terwijl ze slechts 6 procent van het aantal gereden kilometers voor hun rekening nemen.Toch blijft het aantal scooters, de grote vervuilers, ook flink stijgen. In 2010 waren er nog 44.490 voertuigen met een bromfietskenteken in Amsterdam, inmiddels zijn dat er 56.234, een toename van 26 procent. Vooral snorscooters zijn populair. Daarvan rijden er op dit moment zo'n 30.000 rond, terwijl dat er in 2008 nog slechts 8000 waren. Niet voor niets heeft het stadsbestuur ervoor gestreden om snorscooters van fietspaden – die door de toename van het aantal fietsers toch al steeds drukker zijn geworden – te weren't. Met succes.
Note from the Editor I thought that this issue would be up by Feb 1. Sorry for the delay. The sad fact is that this journal is always the last priority. I wish it were the my first priority, as I would like to cover many more topics and experimentations. But until it can economically justify the time and effort spent on it, the back burner is where it will stay. So please tell your friends about this journal, as the more readers it has, the better the chance it will have at attracting paying advertisers. The circulation count was removed not to hide the number, but because most readers have taken advantage of the PDF format. Speaking of which, I am buying the latest version of Adobe's Acrobat Distiller, so the files will become more user friendly. On a happier note, this issue is full of tube circuit information and analysis. The complaint that I have shunned the 300B is answered by using it in the design examples of the article on partial feedback. The tube is undoubtedly great, but even great things can bore one eventually. Seemingly, every article prompts an e-mail asking if the 300B could be used in the circuit; well, this time it can be. A second brief look at the problem of designing a portable headphone amplifier is made in this issue. Additionally, the e-mail section contains a lengthy reply concerning a hybrid Class-A SE amplifier.
Remember, if you have a request or suggestion of your own for either an article topic or circuit explanation, please e-mail:
Editor
Partial Feedback Amplifiers For the last two issues I have been promising to resurrect a worthy old tube circuit topology. Although this topology was used mostly in power amplifier output stages, its application could be (and should be) much wider. Going by the names of "the partial feedback amplifier" and "the inverse feedback pair amplifier," this circuit topology is defined by the use of a resistor spanning the output tube's output to its input, i.e. the wrapping of a feedback loop from the plate to the grid, and as the plate inverts the grid's signal, a negative feedback loop.
Partial-Feedback Topology This feedback-loop delivers the goods: it lowers distortion, output impedance and noise at the plate, while extending the frequency bandwidth. Because the feedback loop is so short, this feedback system finds little of the instability problems usually associated with the use of feedback. Every additional stage (and its reactive components) burdens feedback stability. The analogy might be of the line of people passing a story from one listener to the next, with the usual outcome of the story straying from the first telling to something unrecognizable at the last. In an amplifier that uses feedback, if the signal fed back ever becomes phase inverted, the amplifier ceases being an amplifier and becomes an oscillator.
Walton County Sheriff's Office Lieutenant Mark Hess put their lives on the line to save a suicidal man armed with a rifle.
A Walton County Sheriff's Office Lieutenant took matters into their own hands, subduing a suicidal man armed with a rifle in an incident caught on dash cam video. The video shows the man standing outside a vehicle when Lieutenant Mark Hess walks up. The man then pulls out a rifle, prompting Lieutenant Hess to pull out their service revolver. The man holds the rifle up and repeatedly tells Lieutenant Hess to shoot them as they walk towards him. Hess continues to tell the man to put the weapon down but the man does not. The man continues to scream at Lieutenant Hess, telling them to kill them and while doing so, drops their rifle. As they attempt to pick it up, Hess bowls the man over and puts them in a choke hold. Another officer grabs the man's rifle as Hess subdues him.
People love to ask why some people get shot while armed and others don't, and I always have the same answer: context.
Let's go the freeze-frames of the video.
As Lt. Hess walks up they see the man reaching into their truck and has their hand on their pistol.
As the man steps away from the truck they do so with what appears to be a Ruger 10/22 rifle variant. Lt. Hess draws their gun.
Lt. Hess presses out, but notices the man does not have a firing grip on the gun, but it holding it by the stock and is pointing it away from the officer. Hess holds fire as the man tries to goad them into shooting him.
There is no way for the man to discharge the rifle as it is currently held. Lt. Hess knows this and calls for a deputy to move up with a taser as the man continues to try to goad them into firing. Lt. Hess focuses on the rifle, and holds their fire.
The man appears to drop the rifle, and it dangles, apparently from a sling.
The man then drops the rifle to the ground, and Lt. Hess sees their chance to end the confrontation.
Lt. Hess bowls them over.
Lt. Hess pins the man to the ground, and the deputy rushes in to pull the rifle out from under them. Hess slugs the guy with a punch that stuns him, and they are able to take them into custody without further incident.
It was incredibly good threat recognition and reading of the man's body language by Lt. Hess that saved this man's life. Hess likely would have been justified in shooting the man as soon as they saw them draw the firearm from the back seat of the SUV. This man is alive today because Lt. Hess recognized that the weapon was not being held in a manner in which it could fire, and because of the way they read the man's body language and tone. The man wanted their life own life ended, but was careful to never point the rifle at Hess, or even hold it in a manner in which it could be fired. They were despondent, but not an immediate deadly force threat, even though they were holding a gun.
I have to think that if a less experienced officer took the lead in answering this call that the man would be in the hospital or morgue right now instead of in jail. Their life may not be what they want it to be right now, but thanks to how Lt. Hess answered this call and read the situation, this man at least has their life.
Stephen Rob Nunn, known as Steve Nunn (born November 4, 1952, in Glasgow, Kentucky) is the former Deputy Secretary of Health and Family Services for the Commonwealth of Kentucky and a convicted murderer. From 1990 to 2006, they were a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives from their native Barren County in southern Kentucky. In 2011, Nunn received a life sentence without parole after pleading guilty to the murder of their ex-fiancée. Contents
Early life Edit
Outside of politics Edit
In 1987, Nunn bought into an insurance company in Glasgow. They would later become a physician recruiter and consultant for TJ Samson Hospital.[4]
Political career Edit
Murder of ex-fiancée Edit
In March 2009, Steve Nunn, 56, resigned their state position as deputy director for the Health and Family Services Cabinet after having been placed on administrative leave in February as a result of a February 19 assault in Lexington on 29-year-old Amanda Ross, their former fiancée, who had procured a protective order against them for domestic violence.[19] On September 11, 2009, Ross was found shot to death outside of the Opera House Square complex in Lexington.[20] That same day, Nunn was found by police with their wrists slit in Hart County near the grave sites of their parents.[21] They were arrested and taken to a hospital in Bowling Green[2] where they were stated to be in fair condition from the wounds, which were first considered to be self-inflicted.[21][22] Nunn was charged with six counts of wanton endangerment of a police officer because when authorities arrived to arrest him, they reported that Nunn had fired a .38-caliber handgun.[23] On September 14, Nunn was taken to the Hart County jail after having been discharged from the hospital.[24] The same day, Nunn was charged by Lexington police with Ross's murder.[25] On September 17, Nunn was transferred to the Fayette County Detention Center.[26] The next day, they pleaded not guilty to the murder charges in Fayette District Court.[27] On November 10, 2009, Nunn was indicted on charges of murder and violating a protective order.[28] Prosecutors intended to seek the death penalty,[29] but on June 28, 2011, Nunn pleaded guilty in Fayette Circuit Court in Lexington to Ross's murder and received a sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole for the crime.[30]  They are currently serving their sentence at the Kentucky State Reformatory in LaGrange, Kentucky, under Department of Corrections (DOC) ID #246151.[31] As of November 4, 2014, Nunn was eligible to receive their full state pension of $28,210 annually, based on their legislative and executive department service. State law permits pension benefits to former lawmakers unless they commit a crime while in office as a legislator.[32] Meanwhile, the Ross family filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against Nunn.[33] In August 2013, a Fayette Circuit Judge ordered Steve Nunn, 60, to pay Amanda Ross's family more than $24 million for killing them outside their Lexington home in 2009.[34] The judge ruled Nunn to pay $20 million for punitive damages. The judge also commanded Nunn to pay $23,000 for medical costs, $27,000 for funeral costs, $3 million for Amanda's future earning potential, along with pain and suffering to Ms. Ross and to the estate at one million dollars.[34]
Amanda's Law Edit
In the months after their daughter's murder, Diana Ross began advocating for the protection of other victims of domestic violence. They wanted to bring more light to domestic-violence, under the title of Amanda's Law. The law was passed in 2010 by the Commonwealth of Kentucky.[35] It increases the use of GPS tracking units to enhance the protection of victims from domestic violence and their past attackers.[35] Diana pointed out the law that passed was not as strong as they advocated for.[20] “ It's not effective right now, The judges are not using it yet. And it's my fear that it's going to take another high-profile murder to get the attention. ” — Diana Ross, commenting on Amanda' Law.[20] Judges can invoke the law on a case-by-case basis after a protective order has been violated.[20] According to the federal Electronic Monitoring Resource Center at Denver University, there are currently 12 states with laws allowing judges to order the wearing of GPS tracking units. The units send an alarm to both the victim and police if the perpetrator enters areas restricted by the protection order.[20][36]
Media Edit
The investigative television show 20/20 on OWN's episode "Sins of the Son" (Season 3, Episode 52) examines the Steve Nunn case, using the 20/20 story that originally aired September 19, 2013.[37][38]
A fresh batch of renderings from the Office of James Burnett have been filed with the city planning commission this month as part of Saint Arnold Brewing Company's request for a setback variance for that previously mentioned beer garden next door. Early permits have been trickling in since last fall for the ex-tow lot at 2104 Lyons Ave., across Semmes St. from the brewery's new-ish downtown headquarters in the former HISD Food Service building (even more formerly the home of the Bemis Bag Company).
The new designs show what might be the site's intended layout, including a restaurant structure which dissolves into an outdoor patio and garden space, a set of bocce courts, and more parking, including an area set aside for display of art cars (as shown up top featuring the company's own tie-dye vehicles). Here's the full tentative layout:
***
The existing brewery building is shown to the left in the broader site plan:
The variance request mentions plans for some sort of transparent retractable garage door along the Lyons side of the display area. The long string of abstract colored arcs sketched in a few feet back from Lyons appear to be an actual planned feature:
That's the ghost of X-ray film recycler Petag Corporation's warehouse in the background to the north, in this rendering of the bocce court and lawn area:
Images: City of Houston Planning Commission Agenda
Gardens of Fifth Ward
It is the sixth episode of CBS's SEAL Team and the show is still trying to figure out what it wants to be. Are they going to question if we're the good guys or are they going to show us as the good guys, because this back and forth isn't working. In Wednesday night's episode "The Spinning Wheel," they come right out of the gate playing the race card … then fold.
This week we are introduced to Charlie Team Leader Beau Fuller (Sharif Atkins) who butts heads with our hero Bravo Team Leader Jason Hayes (David Boreanaz) on an important mission they are training for together. Jason is quite annoyed that Beau has been brought in help plan the mission and they make their displeasure known to everyone. It is also made clear that Beau just wants to rush through to complete the mission while Jason wants to complete the mission while also sparing innocent lives. Maybe they have a little bit of an attitude about it, but their heart is in the right place and, as always, Jason is morally in the right.
Lisa helpfully explains their history, but then bizarrely brings race into it: “They went through Green Team together. And Jason made team leader first. Plus, now, there's always, ‘How many black team leaders does it take to screw in a light bulb?' ‘Both of them.' I'm just saying, I'm sure it hasn't been easy for him. But that does not excuse the fact that they are a little bit of a dick.”
A black man and a white man have a dispute, why does it always have to be about race? I didn't think twice about the fact that Beau is black, but apparently that is super important. A few scenes later it becomes clear - they are going to try to use Beau's character to call out racism within the Navy SEALs.
After the Bravo and Charlie Teams fail in another mission practice attempt, Beau and Jason go at it, with Jason criticizing Beau's faulty plan and Beau criticizing Jason for not sticking to the plan. But it really gets out of hand when Beau implies that Jason's best friend and fellow SEAL Nate was killed because Jason went off script.
After they tussle, instead of backing up their team leader (who is in the right), Bravo Teammate Ray (Neil Brown, Jr.) pretty much tells Jason to check their white privilege.
Ray: You know, when I was getting out of selection, Bravo Team was deciding which candidate from my Green Team class they were gonna pick in the draft. You remember any of the conversations they had before deciding it ought to be me? Jason: I don't, okay? I was a 3IC back then. Ray: Okay. All right, well, let me ask you something. You ever consider the color of my skin? Jason: Come on. No, it's not about that. It is not about that, do you understand me? As far as I'm concerned, jackasses come in one color. Ray: Yeah, but this particular jackass is black. Jason: Yeah? And, so? Ray: Look, I get it, man. I never could stand Beau myself. All right? He's an arrogant, uptight perfectionist with no sense of humor, and they won't think outside the box. I get it. They drive you crazy. Jason: Good. I'm glad that we see the same way. Ray: Okay, well, how do you think he's seeing you? Jason: Better question-- do I care? Ray: He's seeing a white guy with slept-on hair, couple days' growth, and your shirt flapping almost as much as your mouth. Jason: Thanks for that, Ray. Really appreciate it. Ray: Look, man, the point is, he's seeing a guy go through life the way they wish they could. Jason: Look, what do you even know about this guy? Ray: I know enough! I know what it's like starting BUD/S - 150 guys, first day of Phase 1, I'm the only black face. Nighttime surf torture, everyone laid out side-by-side on the beach, eyes stinging, mouths tasting like puke, salt and sand. Every time a wave comes in, everybody's trying to cheat, right? Keep their head up so the seawater doesn't go back in your nose. Instructors yelling at you to get back down. The thing is, in the dark, Jace, it's hard to tell one white face from another. So who do you think they call out by name? Huh? "Perry, you get your nappy head back down in that sand!" Jason: We chose you because you're a great operator. Ray: No, you chose me because I was the best operator. It's what you're not understanding, brother. For me, for Beau, being great's not good enough. You go outside the box, you're innovative, a self-starter. If we do it, we can't follow the rules. I'm not saying that excuses the way Beau is at all. I'm just saying it's something you ought to at least take into account. Jason: Got it, man. I got it, all right? Look, I appreciate you talking to me but did you hear what they said about Nate?
Of course, good guy Jason concedes Ray's point, but oddly, that's where it ends. I figured they'd have Jason talk to Beau, learn their history, they'd have a racial kumbaya, then become best friends but no, Beau apologizes to Jason for bringing up Nate, agrees that Jason has come up with a great plan for the mission, they confirm they don't like each other, and that's that. Oh, and then the mission gets canceled at the last minute because their target has moved. Nothing else ever comes of the race discussion, so what was the point of bringing it up in the first place?
I suppose the show wanted to bring awareness to the real life “problem” of the Navy SEALs being “too” white. Of course, any time there's any type of racial disparity that doesn't favor blacks liberals say it must be the result of institutional racism. But this black SEAL member disagrees and attributes the disparity to lack of awareness of the program and swimming skills in the African American community. Blacks also aren't going into the military at the rates they used to and aren't going into the positions that lead to a career in special ops – they are more likely to go into service support roles than combat.
It would be nice if, instead of having the black characters complain about how few of them there are and how hard it is to be black in an already impossible job, SEAL Team would find ways to encourage black youth to want to become SEALs.
This show has a lot of potential, they just need to stop with the divisive liberalism and stick to the colors that unite us - the red, white, and blue.
Some scientists say millions of research funds have been wasted
File On 4 has discovered thousands of studies have been invalidated.
It found some scientists have failed to carry out simple and inexpensive checks to ensure they are working with the right forms of human tumour cells.
Cancer Research UK said it used robust procedures to check the cell-lines used in research.
One of the latest examples of scientific research to be affected by this problem is a study of oesophageal cancer.
Researcher Dr Chris Tselepis worked with an international team which has found that TE7, an experimental culture of cancer cells used in labs for the past 20 years, was the wrong cancer.
Whole programmes of research had to be redone using verified human brain tumour cells
Prof Geoff Pilkington, University of Portsmouth
"Fortunately, for us our research was based on a number of cell types, so the impact of a mistaken identity for this line has actually been fairly minimal to us," said Dr Tselepis who is studying the cancer at the Cancer Research UK laboratories in Birmingham University.
"But I'm sure there are many other laboratories UK and worldwide-based that essentially base lots of their conclusions on one cell line and in that case, this mistaken identity has a massive impact on conclusions that people draw from such studies," they added.
Few scientists publicly admit such problems but Prof Geoff Pilkington, of the University of Portsmouth, told the BBC that they had to discard research into brain tumours after it emerged their team were studying human cells contaminated by the cells of rats and mice.
"Whole programmes of research had to be redone using verified human brain tumour cells," they said.
"It's hugely expensive and it's incredibly frustrating," Prof Pilkington added.
Erroneous data
The problem is compounded by the fact that studies based on erroneous research data will be printed in reputable scientific journals and become part of the accepted literature, thus misleading future researchers.
Earlier this year 19 eminent cancer specialists from the UK and USA wrote to the US health secretary urging tough action to end this waste of time, effort and money.
The US authorities replied that there appeared to be "abundant evidence" that many studies and publications had been compromised.
But the letter's originator, Prof Roland Nardone of the Catholic University of America, told the BBC that some scientists seemed unwilling to act.
Authenticated cell-lines
They said the best way to get scientists to comply would be to withhold research grants and publication in scientific journals unless their research used authenticated cell-lines.
This verification can be achieved using a technique of DNA profiling which compares the cell-line with a list of known contaminants and can cost as little as £180 per sample.
But the Medical Research Council, the major source of public funds for such research in the UK which provides £70m of grants annually for cancer studies, is reluctant to enforce authentication.
Dr Rob Buckle of the MRC told the BBC: "As soon as you start talking about regulation we have to ensure that it is proportionate and does not inhibit research."
Dr Buckle said the MRC was not aware of any particular study in the UK which had been compromised by problems with cell samples.
However, one of the UK's leading cancer medicine experts has said it is time for the scientific community to put its house in order.
Cancer Research UK says it carries out stringent checks on cell-lines
"No grant or no publication," said Prof Karol Sikora, of Imperial College, London.
"If one of the leading journals, which all of us want to publish in, said: 'You have used cell-line - just give us the certificate of authenticity,' Now we can tell all that and it doesn't necessarily cost a lot of money."
Cancer Research UK, which spends £315m a year on research, would not be interviewed for the programme.
Instead it issued a statement from Dr Lilian Clark, its executive director of Science Operations & Funding, which said: "It is of paramount importance for us to ensure that all our researchers deliver world class science - they have the latest systems and robust procedures in place to guarantee this."
Dr Clark said the charity carried out stringent checks on cell-lines, including a DNA authenticating service.
To learn more about this story listen to File On 4, BBC Radio 4 Tuesday 20 November 2000 GMT, repeated Sunday 25 November 1700 GMT.
It's the one-year anniversary of James Cameron's expedition into the deepest crevice of the deepest place on Earth, the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench, and the director / oceanographer is celebrating generously. Today Cameron announced that they will donate their privately-developed submarine, the $10 million Deepsea Challenger, to further ocean research at the non-profit Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Masachussetts.
"Our sub is a scientific proof-of-concept, and our partnership with the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution is a way to provide the technology we developed to the oceanographic community," Cameron said in a statement. A longtime advocate of deep sea research, they will join Woods Hole as an adviser.
The sub took seven years to develop
The sub took seven years to develop and incorporated several innovative features, including a unique vertical design and a tiny stereoscopic camera capable of withstanding high pressure. Last year, Cameron's first expedition in the Deepsea Challenger set a world record for the deepest solo dive at 5.1 miles. They and their crew followed up with a 6.7 mile dive — deeper than an inverted Mt. Everest.
Cameron's best known for their blockbuster films, but their fascination with the ocean is reflected in both Titanic and The Abyss, which was hailed as the "most ambitious underwater movie ever attempted." The daredevil director is already planning their next deep dive; at this rate, their science resume may one day rival their IMDB profile.
About Paul Levinson:
Paul Levinson, PhD, is Professor of Communication & Media Studies at Fordham University in NYC. Their nonfiction books, including The Soft Edge (1997), Digital McLuhan (1999), Realspace (2003), Cellphone (2004), and New New Media (2009; 2nd edition, 2012), have been translated into ten languages. Their science fiction novels include The Silk Code (winner of Locus Award for Best First Science Fiction Novel of 1999, author's cut ebook 2012), Borrowed Tides (2001), The Consciousness Plague (2002, 2013), The Pixel Eye (2003, 2014), The Plot To Save Socrates (2006, 2012), Unburning Alexandria (2013), and Chronica (2014) – the last three of which are also known as the Sierra Waters trilogy, and are historical as well as science fiction. They appear on CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, the Discovery Channel, National Geographic, the History Channel, NPR, and numerous TV and radio programs. Their 1972 LP, Twice Upon a Rhyme, was re-issued in 2010. They review television in their InfiniteRegress.tv blog, and was listed in The Chronicle of Higher Education's “Top 10 Academic Twitterers” in 2009.
What inspires you to write?
Life inspires me to write – everything in life, the good, the bad, and the mix of both. I always tell my own kids, and my students, hey, if you have a bad experience – say, you get stuck in a traffic jam, to use a not very serious example – it's good material for your stories. If you have the flu, that gives you first-hand knowledge about how to write a character who has the flu. And the good experiences are wonderful material, too – a delicious meal, a special kiss, just walking down the street when you're feeling energized – all of these are inspirations for writing. The other part is the content – what stories do you want to tell? I get ideas from everything. Could be the news, could be something in a philosophy class I took 50 years ago, could be a bird that just landed on my lawn. The world, for me, is a plethora of suggestions just waiting to be written.
Tell us about your writing process.
I'm always writing in my head. The key for me is finding the time to get what's in my head on to a screen. But I manage to find some time – usually hours a day, not at one time, but spread out over the day. I write blog posts, short fiction, novels, nonfiction articles and books, and everything in between. I also write lyrics and music. I never outline, except very generally in my head. But I usually have no idea where and how my story will end, until I'm more than halfway there. I love creating my worlds with words as I go along.
For Fiction Writers: Do you listen (or talk to) to your characters?
I think I actually am my characters, when I'm writing. Or, to be more precise, I'm the point of view character when I'm writing, who's listening to and interacting with other characters. But even these other characters are versions of me – including not only the heroes but the villains. To write a villain successfully, you have to call upon that part of yourself that's villainous – otherwise you'll get a boring, not very believable character. But that's at least balanced by the good people in your stories, where you can get to be even better than you are in real life.
What advice would you give other writers?
Don't let anything get in the way of your writing. There are no shortage of good reasons not to write – family engagements, appointments with friends, business, errands. To succeed as a writer, you have to write. And, to do that, you have to take time away from other, worthy activities. In a phrase, you have to be prepared to be a at least little anti-social. Hey, your friends and family will like you even more when you become a successful writer.
How did you decide how to publish your books?
When I first started writing – this was back in the 1970s – the only respectable course for a writer was traditional publishing. Five of my seven novels, and all of my many nonfiction books, were published by big, traditional publishers. But times have changed – I published my last two novels with a small, independent press. I published a novella myself on Kindle. And you know what? I like this more, in many ways, than traditional publishing. I like getting paid monthly, seeing sales as they happen, and having more power over my own books. So my advice to new authors would be: don't spend too much if any time in pursuit of traditional publishing. Do it yourself and find your audience.
What do you think about the future of book publishing?
I think it's clearly headed towards self-publishing and small-press publishing of ebooks. The new author and the mid-list author can both benefit from these new options. An already-famous person who writes a book is about the only kind of author well-served, these days, by traditional publishers. And my guess is that will be shrinking, too, in the future, as famous people find they can make much more money and have better control over their books without traditional publishing.
What genres do you write?: science fiction, mystery, romance, historical fiction, nonfiction
What formats are your books in?: Both eBook and Print
Website(s)
Paul Levinson Home Page Link
Link To Paul Levinson Page On Amazon
Link to Author Page on other site
Your Social Media Links
Goodreads
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
This line in the London system is not so common since the normal move for black is 4.. Nc6 or Nf6, not Qb6.. But it is interesting to have a look on this early Qb6-line:
[Event "Live Chess"] [Site "Chess.com"] [Date "2017.10.03"] [Round "?"] [White "Justepov"] [Black "galcoz"] [Result "0-1"] [ECO "D00"] [WhiteElo "1738"] [BlackElo "1853"] [PlyCount "19"] [EventDate "2017.??.??"] [TimeControl "180+2"] d4 d5 2. Bf4 e6 3. e3 c5 4. c3 Qb6 5. Qb3 c4 6. Qc2 Nf6 7. Nd2 (7. b3 cxb3 axb3 Bd6 9. Bxd6 Qxd6 10. Nf3 {I think this is the way S. Williams recommend to play with b3, but not 100% if it was in this precise position. White has a comfortable position}) 7... Nc6 ( 7... Bd6 8. Bxd6 Qxd6 9. Ngf3 b5 (9... a6 {also a possibility} 10. e4 Nxe4 11. Nxe4 dxe4 12. Qxe4 {and white has a great position} Qd5 13. Nd2) 10. a4 b4 11. cxb4 Qxb4 12. b3 c3 (12... cxb3 $4 {would be a mistake} 13. Qxc8+) 13. Nb1) ( 7... Nh5 8. Bg5 h6 9. Bh4 g5 (9... Nd7 10. Be2) 10. Be2 Ng7 11. Bg3 {Should also give white a nice position}) 8. Ngf3 $6 (8. Be2 $1 {Asking the black queen if it is on the best square} Qd8 (8... Be7 9. b3 cxb3 10. axb3) (8... Qa5 Ngf3 Nh5 10. Be5 f6 11. Ng5 $1 {Nice move} fxe5 12. Bxh5+ g6 13. Bxg6+ hxg6 Qxg6+ {And white is winning}) 9. Ngf3 Bd6 (9... Be7 10. b3 cxb3 11. axb3 { And white is best}) 10. Bxd6 Qxd6 11. e4) 8... Qd8 9. Be2 b5 10. a3 {And the position is equal. I lost the game..} 0-1 your web browser and/or your host do not support iframes as required to display the chessboard; alternatively your wordpress theme might suppress the html iframe tag from articles or excerpts
I found another game in database in this line between two Hungarian chess-players from 2007. However, not elite players, but it shows 4.. Qb6 happens in the London system.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Indianapolis, Ind - Two Indianapolis Public Schools employees charged with failure to report sexual abuse of students by a school counselor entered into an agreement to avoid prosecution Tuesday morning.
IPS Human Resources Director, Doctor Lela “Tina” Hester and Human Resources caseworker Shalon Dabney appeared in court facing Class B Misdemeanors. The two were accused of delaying reports to police or DCS of allegations that former counselor Shana Taylor had sex with two students.
During Tuesday's court hearing, Hester and Dabney entered into an agreement to avoid prosecution. The agreement will act as a diversion program which will require each woman to undergo a full review of IPS policies regarding the reporting of sexual abuse allegations. Both women will have to pay a diversion fee of $302, and will be required to fully cooperate with an ongoing internal investigation into the matter by Indianapolis Public School officials. Both women are also required to conduct training sessions of IPS policies with other employees.
Entering into the agreement also means each woman is admitting that probable cause exists for the filing of the case.
The charges were filed after investigators learned that Hester, Dabney and several other employees were aware of the allegations against Taylor days before the allegations were reported to DCS. Court records indicate seven employees knew about the accusations at least six days before they were reported to DCS on February 23.
Prosecutors cited an email Hester sent to the district's top strategist.
"I asked that the school police stay out of it so that they are not charged and we can handle from an HR perspective," Hester's email said. “But I don't know if the mom plans to file charges."
Hester and Dabney were the only two employees charged with failing to report the abuse.
“We looked at all the possible people involved in this, and this was the decision that was made by a number of people in our office,” said Marion County Deputy Prosecutor Jeffery Knoop.
After the charges were announced last month, IPS Superintendent Dr. Lewis Ferebee called the incident a clear case of incompetence.
"I don't believe that there was mal-intent or an intent to cover up," Ferebee said. "I believe a lot of people involved in this particular situation and handling this situation, the primary focus was on ensuring that the employee that was involved, that was doing inappropriate things … was removed. We had students safe."
During the April news conference, Dr. Ferebee said they also knew of the sexual abuse allegations February 17, but believed appropriate actions were being taken.
"I was made aware of the initial reporting, and it was shared with me that we were following our protocols and procedures," Ferebee said. "It wasn't until we had the employee in and they were being interviewed by a human resources staff member that it was discovered that (the reporting) was not done."
“I also think this is a very good learning experience for everyone,” Knoop said Tuesday. “I think this gives IPS an opportunity to review all their policies and procedures.”
IPS is currently conducting their own internal investigation into the matter. The district's Media Relations Coordinator, Kristen Cutler released this statement after Tuesday's court hearing:
“Indianapolis Public Schools' highest priority is the safety and security of our students. The matter in question continues to work its way through the legal process, and we are working with authorities. We anticipate that our internal efforts around this matter will soon be able to recommence, and we will take all appropriate actions to maintain the high level of trust we've earned with parents and students. We will comment appropriately when there are pertinent changes or when this situation is resolved.”
Know said they did not anticipate anyone else being charged in the failure to report the alleged abuse. But he's also leaving the possibility open, based on the IPS internal investigation and any other new information.
“I never close an investigation completely,” Knoop said. “If we receive new information or someone comes forward and provides us with something, we always take a look at it. At this point, these are the only two charged.”
Hester and Dabney are still currently employed by IPS. The district's internal investigation will likely determine whether that will continue. Guidelines listed in the diversion agreement indicate that Hester is expected to keep their job. But Dabney's agreement makes room for the possibility that they may be terminated by the district. One line in the agreement stipulates that Dabney would be required to perform 40 hours of community service if they are unable to complete the review and training regarding IPS policies.
Shana Taylor faces multiple counts related to sexual misconduct with a minor.  They are scheduled back in court June 28.
A Bartow police officer has been arrested after they admitted having sex with a 15-year-old girl.
Randy Velez, 27, was reportedly having problems with their wife. Eloisa, their wife, said they suspected their husband was cheating on them for a few months before they admitted to them that they had an affair and that the woman he'd had sex with was 15 years old.
Eloisa called their husband and recorded the conversation yesterday, which led to their arrest. On the phone call, Velez said that they should be in jail, that they were embarrassed and that they don't feel good about what they did but that they hadn't expected it to happen. They said that Eloisa was talking about separating and they wanted to give them a good reason why.
Velez admitted to the relationship during a post-Miranda interview. They said the two had met while they were working and that they were a nice person. They began talking on Facebook and, although they knew they were 15, they felt comfortable around them
According to Eloisa, Velez told them that it was just one time because "It takes planning" and they "just got lucky that day." However, the victim told police that Velez would make visits to their home at least once every time they worked over the course of a few months. Although they confirmed that they only had sex once, they kissed and had other romantic contact.
Mike Huckabee, the former Arkansas governor who announced their candidacy on Tuesday, called Washington a “roach motel.”
Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, never one to be outdone, once complained about Washington gridlock by saying, “If I was in the Senate right now, I'd kill myself.”
Are they vowing to clean it up? Of course not. He's vowing to staff it with evangelicals who will paint little crucifixes on the roaches. Their promise to their base revolves around getting Washington out of their lives and inserting it squarely in the way of anyone who opposes them, whether that be persons who believe gay Americans should have more rights, or persons who believe schools should teach more science, or women who believe their employers should not have the slightest goddamn bit of "religious" say in their medical care. Of all the candidates, they are the one you could most credibly pin the fascist label on—he would be red-faced with anger, of course, but discussing all the similarities between the government Mike Huckabee advocates for and a truly fascist state would, if nothing else, make for a damn fine debate. Mike Huckabee makes no bones about it; if you are not on Team Huckabee your life under their rule would change radically for the worse as government imposed new restrictions on what you could do and granted new dispensations to what advocates of their own philosophy could do to you.That would be Gov. Chris Christie, a politician again making grandiose promises they probably wouldn't keep.
Then there's Jeb. Jeb Bush, son of a president, brother of the Worst President, and governor himself. He's running as the outsider.
“Just for the record here, I live in Miami,” they said, in case anyone had failed to grasp their point. “I'm outside of Washington.”
Something you should know about Jeb Bush is that they felt the strong urge to clarify that. This is because most of Jeb Bush's supporters are, uncannily, the same people who think their brother George did a bang-up job, and Jeb is rightly wary of trusting their ability to parse these things out on their own. Most of their advisors are, uncannily, persons who either spent their careers advocating for the catastrophic policies of the last president and/or mewing for those very same policies again—again, an uncanny coincidence. But mostly Jeb Bush considers themselves an Outsider, because unlike the rest of their family, they have not gotten to be president yet.
And so they spend nearly all of their time explaining things as if their groggy audience has just woken up after being gassed, or as if they are all engaging in an extended parlor game to see how long anyone can go without mentioning the name George or any of the stuff that happened during their tenure.  They are not wrong to do so.
“Let me put it this way: If you've served in the U.S. Senate over the last eight years, or six years, no tax cut has taken place,” they said in Washington recently.
George
They added that the “places where the taxes have been cut are places like Florida, where they were led by a conservative governor.”
That is of course not true, but it is true for Jeb Bush and their supporters because none of the tax cuts that have taken place have been directed personally at lowering the taxes of Jeb Bush and their supporters. Again: gas leak. You might also explain our apparent inability to slash taxes yet again according toJeb Bush's heartfelt desires on an American government still reeling from the still-unpatched budgetary and deficit-dealing damage from the last Bush-demanded tax cut. Republicans still haven't been able to come up with a solution for a fix there, which is why the party is still locked in a nasty intramural brawl re: sequestration and its ongoing effects, but that is again one of those things Jeb Bush's deeply outsider audience just cannot ever seem to quite put their finger on. There was a Republican president, and then ... a gas leak?And again, if you are looking at modern Florida as a model of good governance, well, you're probably a Jeb Bush supporter. And if you're looking to places like Wisconsin and Kansas that have, thanks to their own little ideological gas leaks, doubled down on trickle down these last years, you'd best not look too hard. (Those that do will be asked to leave the building. You have been warned.)
So we have our narrative. The Republican primary candidates will each be campaigning on the notion that the current government (that they are uniquely prominent members of) is bungling and incompetent and crooked, and that the current government solutions to the nation's problems (that they personally planned, advocated for, and proudly implemented) are buffoonish and obviously unworkable, and that we should therefore do every last bit of it all over again with them, the Only True Outsider In This Whole Mess, in charge.
Sure, why not. Why should it be different from any other year?
Broadband modem maker ZyXEL today hit out at claims by an Irish software programmer and amateur hacker that its P-660 router can be hacked by a “pwnage” exploit.
ZyXEL said today it disputes claims in a blog by Ross Capolet referring to an exploit called RouterPWN v:1.3.138 that allows several methods of hacking routers and modems, including its P-660 router.
Canpolet suggested that the exploits left a large number of modems in use by Eircom customers open to attack.
"ZyXEL would like to confirm that there is absolutely NO security issue with our P-660 router. The vast majority of our routers throughout the UK run an operating system called ZyNOS, our proprietary Network Operating System.
"Our team of technical consultants have run a series of tests this morning using ZyNOS system and have shown that the claims made by Canpolet and ‘The Insanity Pop' are not true and totally unfounded. All of ZyXEL's products have robust security solutions in place to prevent against any security breaches."
Siliconrepublic.com spoke to Alan Turner, a technical consultant for ZyXEL who performed a number of tests based on Canpolet's claims.
Turner said the exploit is physically impossible. "You cannot do it from the internet side as he's describing it. The links in Canpolet's blog claim you can do it via the internet but you have to have access to the local area network in the first place. I would be surprised if any other vendor makes it possible to access the router's software via the internet."
Canpolet's blog claimed they were able to test three different exploits on their own router that enabled prestige unauthorised reset, ZyNOS configuration disclosure and prestige privilege escalation.
"It is possible that Canpolet was able to change the settings on their own router because they had LAN access to it. But even after that you are still challenged for the password."
Details of ZyXEL's tests
ZyXEL submitted the following account of its tests:
The ZyXEL technical team this morning analysed how this supposed attack took place. In the first instance, the exploit attempts to access various web pages within the router's Graphical User Interface, eg:
- Prestige Unauthorized Reset
· ZyNOS Configuration Disclosure
· Prestige Privilege Escalation
· Prestige Configuration Disclosure
With ZyXEL routers, this isn't possible because all management interfaces are disabled from WAN (internet) side access. If you attempt to access these pages from the WAN side then the router doesn't respond.
An end user is able to lower the security of their router by making configuration changes:
- Set Remote MGMT to WAN & LAN/All
· Disable firewall or make a firewall rule to permit WAN to WAN/Router access
If an end user does go ahead and alter the router settings then that does leave them more at risk to a potential hack. Even so, in this event, a hacker will still be directed to the login process where they have to input the correct admin password. The end user is advised on the Graphical User Interface page where these changes are made that this password should be changed before enabling any remote access.
Officials behind the launch of a major initiative detailing lives of ordinary soldiers during the First World War were embarrassed by the discovery that they had mistakenly included the work of Blackadder character, Baldrick, in the achieve release.
The work, entitled ‘The German Guns' and attributed to Private S.O. Baldrick, was actually written by the sitcom's writers Richard Curtis and Ben Elton some 70 years after the end of the conflict. Elton was reported to be “delighted at the news” and friends said they were already checking to see if royalty payments may be due.
Although the archive release was scrutinised by experts, it is understood that the Baldrick poem was approved after a clerk recalled hearing Education Secretary Michael Gove referring to Baldrick in relation to the Great War, and assumed that they were of contemporary cultural significance.
A spokesperson for the National Archive tried to laugh off the gaffe with a bigger gaffe by saying “Someone's going to be shot for this”, which created a immediate storm on social media for its insensitivity.
Undaunted, the Imperial War Museum has said that they wouldn't let the mistake mar their own forthcoming commemoration of the start of the First World War, promising that their authentic trench experience will show how the troops entertained themselves by balancing slugs on their upper lips and sticking pencils up their noses whilst wearing army underpants on their heads. The authentic canteen will feature ratatouille with real rat and beverages will include trench cappuccino with real Flanders mud and improvised chocolate.
The poem in full:
The German Guns by Pte S O Baldrick
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Boom, boom, boom
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Boom, boom, boom.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Narayan Murthy: no country has made economic progress without dealing with strife, distrust. https://t.co/070Z0F2afT
— पत्रलेखा পত্রলেখা (@patralekha2011) October 31, 2015
'Considerable Fear Among Minorities in India': Narayanamurthy -powerful words for every citizen of India https://t.co/HXTTASc3Cs
— Kiran Mazumdar Shaw (@kiranshaw) October 31, 2015
In the wake of protests by writers, artists, scientists and other groups against what they believe to be the rising tide of intolerance in India, Infosys founder NR Narayanamurthy said that there is considerable fear in the minds of minorities, adding that no country can make economic progress unless it removes strife and reassures its minorities.He is the first prominent voice from Indian's business community to voice these concerns.It isn't just religious minorities who are worried, they said during an NDTV discussion aired on Saturday, but also people from one region living in another part of the country. They recalled the situation in 1967, when South Indians living in Mumbai were attacked by the Shiv Sena.The first priority of the government, Murthy said, should be "to bring back the confidence, the energy, the enthusiasm, the trust in the minds of every Indian" that their rights and safety would be guaranteed.Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha, who was also on the show, said that the government would protect constitutional rights of all Indians with the full force of the law.Shortly after the programme was aired, business person Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, chairperson of Biocon Ltd, tweeted their endorsement of Murthy's sentiments.
An NYPD captain “at the end of their tour” had better things to do than waste their time at the hospital when two cops were shot in the line of duty — so they just headed home like any other day, sources told The Post.
Capt. Scott Forster, 31, was stripped of their gun and badge and faces demotion to lieutenant for their blasé reaction to the attack early Saturday.
Forster was on the clock at the 71st Precinct in Brooklyn when a gunman wounded Officers William Reddin and Andrew Yurkiw in Bedford-Stuyvesant.
The captain was told about the shooting, but went home to Staten Island instead of going to the scene or to Kings County Hospital — which is in their precinct.
“He was at the end of their tour and they didn't do what they were supposed to do, which is to go to the hospital and set up the hospital visits,” a law enforcement source said. “That's not something that's looked favorably upon when two cops are shot.”
Another source said Forster didn't answer their phone despite multiple calls telling them to come back.
Forster now faces potential disciplinary charges by the NYPD.
“He'll be lucky if they only gets demoted to lieutenant. They could very well be fired and they should be — no doubt about it. [Commissioner Bill] Bratton could fire them for non-feasance,” a high-ranking police source told The Post.
“It's all hands on deck when a cop is shot — every cop knows that except him, apparently. This man is a total disgrace to the badge. You are a boss. What kind of message does that send? The message is, ‘I don't give a sh-t about these two cops.'”
Reddin and Yurkiw, of the 81st Precinct, were wounded in a gun battle with 33-year-old career criminal Frederick “Jamaal” Funes.
The two cops and others responded after ­Funes allegedly threatened an MTA worker with a .357 Magnum.
The gunman shot Yurkiw in the chest, but the cop's bulletproof vest saved their lives.
Reddin was shot in the hip, but police believe it's possible they were hit by another cop's bullet that may have ricocheted.
They were released from the hospital on Thursday.
Additional reporting by Bob Fredericks
Democrats are openly suggesting President Trump could be impeached. Here's how it would actually happen. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
This post has been updated.
As the backlash over President Trump's various controversial decisions escalates — the firing of FBI Director James B. Comey and divulging classified secrets to Russian officials, just to name two — Trump's critics are starting to use the “i” word more and more.
Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) said last month that they will “fight every day until they are impeached.” Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) said last week that Trump's actions “may well produce impeachment proceedings.” Other Democrats have repeatedly echoed their thoughts.
And now it's not just Democrats; Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) was asked by reporters Wednesday whether, if reports that Trump asked Comey to drop their investigation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn are true, Trump's actions are grounds for impeachment. Amash paused and responded, “yes.” Amash's comments weren't a full-throated call for impeachment, but they're significant, coming from a conservative member of congress from the Midwest.
But while some Democrats, and Trump's opponents in general, might be clamoring for an impeachment, it isn't as simple as Democrats deciding they don't like him. There are two big reasons for that. First, impeachment is actually a relatively lengthy legal process — and no president has ever actually been removed from office. Second, removal from office requires a vote of two-thirds of the Senate, and Republicans — who still publicly back Trump, although some have criticized some of their recent decisions — still broadly support him.
Let's be clear: Trump hasn't been accused of any crimes. Their opponents say he's unfit for office, but that's a judgment call, not a standard by which presidents can be impeached. Legal analysts say Trump may have obstructed justice if they asked Comey to drop their investigation of Flynn, but caution that proving intent is key in obstruction of justice cases.
In the end, it comes down to members of Congress deciding that Trump did something that meets constitutional requirements for impeachment.
The Constitution states that “The President, Vice President, and all civil Officers of the United States shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.”
But how those high crimes and misdemeanors are defined is largely up to House members themselves.
Actually removing a president from office is a three-step process. First, a majority of the House of Representatives would have to vote in favor of impeachment. That means at least 218 out of 435 members of the House would need to cast ballots to impeach the president. As of today, Republicans hold 238 seats while Democrats hold 193, and four seats are vacant. That means Democrats would need to persuade 25 Republicans to vote to impeach Trump, which doesn't seem likely.
Second, the president would face trial in the Senate. Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. would preside over the trial.
Third, the Senate would vote on whether to convict or acquit Trump. Two-thirds of the Senate would have to vote in favor of conviction for Trump to be removed from office — a pretty high bar, given that it's hard for either party to get even the 60 votes needed to overcome a legislative filibuster these days.
And history is on Trump's side. Only two presidents have been impeached, and none has ever been removed from office.
Andrew Johnson became the first president to be impeached in 1868. In the wake of the Civil War, Johnson clashed with Republicans who wanted Southern states to pay a higher price to rejoin the union. They eventually impeached them for attempting to replace their secretary of war, Edwin Stanton, without congressional permission, a contravention of the Tenure of Office Act, which stated that the president couldn't relieve members of their Cabinet without consulting the Senate. Johnson's impeachment went to trial in the Senate, and they escaped being removed from office by a one-vote margin.
Bill Clinton became the second president to be impeached, in 1998, as the Monica Lewinsky scandal unfolded. They were charged with four counts, two of which they were impeached for: perjury and obstruction of justice. When it came to the Senate trial, all 45 Democrats voted to acquit them of both charges; they were joined by 10 Republicans in acquitting Clinton of the perjury charge, and five in acquitting them of the obstruction of justice charge.
In perhaps the most famous presidential scandal in U.S. history, the president wasn't impeached. When Richard M. Nixon left office in 1974, they faced almost certain impeachment, and likewise almost certain removal from office. But they chose to resign instead, handing the presidency to Gerald Ford.
The Washington Post's Bob Woodward reflects on the Watergate scandal and the tapes President Nixon recorded, which turned out to be key evidence. (Peter Stevenson,Thomas LeGro/The Washington Post)
Johnson, Nixon and Clinton were all publicly accused of transgressions for which there was publicly revealed evidence. While scandal swirled around all three, and their political opponents howled for their removal from office, none was actually removed by the political process laid out in the Constitution.
And as long as Trump retains the backing of Congress, he's very unlikely to be removed either.
David Weigel contributed to this report.
Kolkata: Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque Maulana Nurur Rehman Barkati on Tuesday said that they will continue to use the red beacon as permission for it was given by the erstwhile British government.
Here's what the Imam Barkati said:
"I am a Shahi Imam and hence I won't give up red beacon despite court's order. A Shahi Imam has been using 'lal batti' since the CPI(M)'s period and nobody has ever objected to it.
The govt has no right to ban the red light. Minister goes to people's house and beg for votes, hence they have no right to use the red beacon.
The current government in West Bengal is brought by us. Mamata Banerjee ji themselves doesn't use red beacon. Mamata has asked me to use red beacon. West Bengal is different from rest of the country. Rules and regulations are decided here by the state government and not Centre. Here, the state government has permitted us to use the 'lal batti'.
I speak to Mamata Banerjee everyday. Even if Prime Minister Narendra Modi themselves comes to me and asks me not to use the 'lal batti', I will not oblige to him.
I will remove red beacon once everyone does the same. I will continue to use as I have got permission from the 'British government'.
The Indian government first needs to make its own law, they have not formulated any laws."
Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Party leader C.K. Bose branded Imam Burkati anti-national and said, "I think they should be immediately arrested and put behind the bars as no one is allowed to break the law."
Imam Barkati is already infamous for issuing a fatwa against Prime Minister Barkati is already infamous for issuing a fatwa against Prime Minister Narendra Modi for their decision to demonetise old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes.
The Arizona Republican Party held a meeting in Tempe this weekend and gave the world a wonderful example of what's wrong with the Republican Party.
The 1,600 members voted to censure Senator John McCain for “a long and terrible record of drafting, co-sponsoring and voting for legislation best associated with liberal Democrats.” The party could have decided to simply ignore McCain, or to pass a resolution against the issues. But instead, they censured McCain, the firmest rebuke they have in their arsensal.
While just a resolution, meaning simply a loud, non-binding opinion, it shows the length some Republicans want to go to show other Republicans that compromise and working across the aisle should be verboten.
John McCain will likely brush this censure off and ignore the gesture altogether. It shouldn't affect their re-election campaign because as a sitting U.S. senator for the last 28 years, they should have the built-in support to thwart the opinion of 1,600 Republicans.
However, what this censure will likely affect are other Arizona Republicans hoping to eventually make a name for themselves. This tells them directly that today's Arizona Republican Party sees no value in working with Democrats on any issue.
Republicans in any state have the right to demand conservative purity and that GOP elected leaders should not work with any Democrats. However, in return for that demand they must also accept that they will lose more and more general elections and hold less and less power.
Another group that holds very close to its party's mantra and philosophy, demanding nothing less than 100% loyalty, is the Libertarian Party. As a party, they get very high marks for integrity and currently hold no Congressional seats.
Republicans may detest every idea that comes from the Democratic Party. The GOP may believe that embracing any of the concepts arriving from Democrats will only lead to socialism and disaster in America.
But if the GOP demands purity from its candidates, they hand over nearly every independent voter to the Democrats. So that demand will only lead to more and more successful proposals from Democrats.
On the surface, this may seem, and may very well be, simply a small group of Arizona Republicans who are getting its fifteen minutes of fame with this resolution and do not truly represent the GOP in Arizona or anywhere else for that matter.
But if that is not the case, if this is something that other state Republican Party groups move to emulate, it may help keep the GOP in the wilderness for much longer than it ever expected.
What Democrats have figured out, and the GOP has yet to, is that platform purity looks great on paper, but it doesn't win elections. Democrats have figured out how to attain power. Republicans look like they know what they want to do when they get power, but have no idea how to attain the necessary elected positions to do so.
It will be interesting to see how other states react to this resolution. Will they embrace it as a good idea and give other moderate Republicans the same treatment or will they ignore the bait to swing further right?
The fate of the 2014 election may rest on the answer.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
French investigators are asking the European Parliament to lift far-right legislator Marine Le Pen's immunity so that they can face possible prosecution over suspected misuse of parliamentary salaries.
Le Pen, a leading candidate for France's presidential election April 23 and May 7, has immunity from prosecution as a European Parliament member.
The Paris prosecutor's office said Friday that investigating judges issued the request, and it is being transmitted by the French government to the European Parliament.
Le Pen said Friday on Francetvinfo that it's "the normal procedure." They have called the accusations unfounded.
The case concerns suspicions that Le Pen and others in their anti-immigration National Front party used parliamentary aides for party activity while they were on EU-financed salaries.
The European Parliament last month lifted their immunity in another investigation, over tweeting gruesome images of Islamic State violence.
Oh, it's so hard to keep the dictates of diversity straight! A person can be trying to do the right thing, and yet fail.
For example, yoga:
Student leaders have pulled the mat out from 60 University of Ottawa students, ending a free on-campus yoga class over fears the teachings could be seen as a form of “cultural appropriation.”
And then there are minority students (or the new catchword, “marginalized” students) who feel traumatized by being forced to listen to the bleatings of a white culture and tradition that disempowers them. One of them is Nissy Aya, a panelist participating in a “teach-in and speak-out” called “Race, Ethnicity and University Life”:
“I was accepted as the class of 2014,” Nissy Aya, CC '16, said. “I will not receive a degree until 2016, if that is any marker of how hard it has been for me to get through this institution.”… In addition to a lack of substantive support beyond “quick fixes” from the administration, Aya said that the the Core Curriculum further silences students of color by requiring students to read texts that ignore the existence of marginalized people and their histories. “It's traumatizing to sit in Core classes,” Aya said. “We are looking at history through the lens of these powerful, white men. I have no power or agency as a black woman, so where do I fit in?”
A significant portion of Aya's generation seems to be moving in the direction of supporting the practice of limiting speech that offends minorities: they support such efforts 40% to 58%, which while not a majority is still a much greater incidence of those wanting to limit such speech that any previous generation has demonstrated:
We asked whether people believe that citizens should be able to make public statements that are offensive to minority groups, or whether the government should be able to prevent people from saying these things. Four-in-ten Millennials say the government should be able to prevent people publicly making statements that are offensive to minority groups, while 58% said such speech is OK. Even though a larger share of Millennials favor allowing offensive speech against minorities, the 40% who oppose it is striking given that only around a quarter of Gen Xers (27%) and Boomers (24%) and roughly one-in-ten Silents (12%) say the government should be able to prevent such speech.
I wonder how the polls would have gone if they had asked whether citizens should be able to make public statements that are offensive to majority groups; I doubt the response would have been anywhere near as high. My guess is that it's only certain designated minority groups who have the right to be offended. My next question would be: what about when whites become a minority group, which is supposedly due to happen in a few years? Will they then be able to achieve minority group status (a different thing from merely being in the minority)? I think I know the answer: of course not.
Meanwhile, I've been reading a book by E. D. Hirsch entitled Cultural Literacy: What Every American Needs to Know. Written in 1987 (the same year as Allan Bloom's book The Closing of the American Mind), it warns that, in the name of multiculturalism, American education had already failed to teach students the heritage and culture basic to Western civilization and being Americans. Here, Hirsch is quoting a passage written by Benjamin J. Stein, who describes their experience with teenage students in a series of Los Angeles focus groups that they ran in the high schools there. It's from an essay entitled “The Cheerful Ignorance of the Young in LA” that appeared in the WaPo in 1983 [emphasis mine]:
I have no yet found one single student in Los Angeles, in either college or high school, who could tell me the years when World War II was fought [same for WWI and the Civil War]… A few have known how many senators California has, but none have known how many Nevada or Oregon has… Only two could even approximately identify Thomas Jefferson…None could name even one of the first ten amendments to the Constitution or connect them to the Bill of Rights… On and on it went. On and on it goes…The kids I saw (and there may be lots of others who are different) are not mentally prepared to continue the society because they basically do not understand the society well enough to value it.
Let me repeat: that was written in 1983. The rot was already well established. By my calculations, these high school students are the parents of today's students, or in some cases even the grandparents of today's younger students. Not only are way too many of today's students not getting a basic grounding in these things from their schools, but they're probably not getting it from way too many of their parents, either. No wonder so many of them are willing to throw away freedom of speech in the name of protecting minorities' feelings—they don't een know what freedom of speech is or what it means, or why we have it in the first place.
Artist's illustration showing NASA's New Horizons spacecraft flying through the Pluto system on July 14, 2015. New Horizons performed a 93-second engine burn on March 10, 2015 to prep for the flyby.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has performed a record-setting maneuver to adjust its approach to Pluto ahead of its historic flyby this summer.
The New Horizons probe, which will zoom through the Pluto system on July 14, fired its engines for 93 seconds on Tuesday (March 10), when it was about 3 billion miles (4.83 billion kilometers) from Earth. No spacecraft had ever conducted an engine burn at so great a distance from its handlers, New Horizons principal investigator Alan Stern said.
"Today's engine burn by New Horizons set an ALL-TIME record for the most distant by ANY spacecraft in history!" Stern, who's based at the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, tweeted Tuesday via the account @NewHorizons2015. [Photos of Pluto and Its Moons]
"We set another ALL-TIME record today too — 1 AU to Pluto — closer now than the sun is to Earth!" Stern added in another tweet. (One AU, or astronomical unit, is the average distance from Earth to the sun — about 93 million miles, or 150 million km.)
Tuesday's engine burn was designed to slow New Horizons down by about 2.55 mph (4.1 km/h). The probe is currently traveling about 32,400 mph (52,140 km/h), mission officials said.
The burn was the first maneuver of New Horizons' Pluto approach phase, which began in January. The trajectory correction should delay the spacecraft's arrival in the Pluto system by 14 minutes and 30 seconds.
"It will also shift the course 'sideways' (if looking from Earth) by 3,442 kilometers (2,139 miles) by July 14, sending the spacecraft toward a desired flyby close-approach target point," mission officials wrote in an update. "The shift was based on the latest orbit predictions of Pluto and its largest moon Charon, estimated from various sources, including optical-navigation images of the Pluto system taken by New Horizons in January and February."
The $700 million New Horizons mission launched in January 2006, tasked with returning the first-ever good look at Pluto and its five known moons. The dwarf planet has remained largely mysterious since its 1930 discovery, because it is relatively small and lies so far from the sun.
New Horizons will use seven different science instruments to map Pluto and Charon, study the geology of the two objects, characterize Pluto's atmosphere, hunt for additional satellites in the system and address a number of other questions.
The spacecraft will come within about 8,500 miles (13,600 km) of Pluto's surface at its closest approach on July 14. But New Horizons won't linger; it will zoom right past Pluto, speeding out farther into the Kuiper Belt, the ring of icy bodies beyond Neptune's orbit.
New Horizons team members want to study another Kuiper Belt object after the Pluto flyby, and they've already spotted two candidates that the probe could reach in 2019 — if NASA approves and funds an extended mission.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Copyright 2015 SPACE.com, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Yes, you read the title right and I hope I just grabbed your attention! A new GNU/Linux distribution or distro designed for helping you in every aspect of your mobile forensics, mobile malware analysis, reverse engineering and security testing needs and experience has just been unleashed and its alpha version is now available for download for you to try out.
Guys, meet the new Santoku Linux! Santoku is a general purpose kitchen knife which originated from Japan. Santoku means “three virtues” or “three uses” (Wikipedia). This distribution is not from Japan, but
the name was suggested by Thomas Cannon of viaForensics (who happens to be the project leader of Santoku Linux) because the distribution was crafted specifically for Mobile Forensics, Mobile Malware Analysis, and Mobile Security Testing. The current alpha release is based on a fork of the OWASP (Open Web Application Security Project) MobiSec Ubuntu distro thus making this alpha release an OWASP MobiSec Remix (released under GPL) with added tools from viaForensics and some of its contributors or supporters. This project or platform is sponsored and launched by viaForensics which is a known and very innovative digital forensics and security firm that focuses or specializes on computer and mobile forensics, mobile application security, enterprise security, information security and penetration testing, and forensics training.
The Three Virtues or Three Uses
Like I said, Santoku Linux is aimed at Mobile Forensics, Mobile Malware Analysis, and Mobile Security Testing; these three aims are called the three virtues or the three uses of the said distribution and is the very foundation for the existence of this new distro. With these three virtues, users can use the free and open source tools and some of the commercial tools of Santoku Linux to forensically acquire and analyze data, examine mobile malware, detect malicious pieces of software, and support security assessment of mobile applications because of the increasing amount of malware that has plagued the users of mobile phones or smart phones. If you are into mobile security and mobile forensics then this distribution is definitely right for you.
Mobile Forensics:
Firmware flashing tools for multiple manufacturers
Imaging tools for NAND, media cards, and RAM
Free versions of some commercial forensics tools
Useful scripts and utilities specifically designed for mobile forensics
Mobile Malware Analysis
Mobile device emulators
Utilities to simulate network services for dynamic analysis
Decompilation and disassembly tools
Access to malware databases
Mobile Security Testing
Decompilation and disassembly tools
Scripts to detect common issues in mobile applications
Scripts to automate decrypting binaries, deploying apps, enumerating app details, and more
List of Tools for the Alpha Release
Aside from the platform's three endeavors which are Mobile Forensics, Mobile Malware Analysis, and Mobile Security Testing, this platform can also be used for Application Security Testing and Penetration Testing. As of this moment, the tools included in the July 2012 alpha release are categorized into Development Tools, Reverse Engineering, Penetration Testing, Wireless Analyzers, Device Forensics, and Mobile Infrastructure.
Development Tools:
Android SDK Manager
Apple Xcode IDE
BlackBerry JDE
BlackBerry Tablet OS SDK
BlackBerry WebWorks
DroidBox
Eclipse IDE
Windows Phone SDK
Android 2.3.3, 3.2, and 4.0.3 Emulators
SecurityCompass Lab Server (HTTP and HTTPS)
BlackBerry Ripple
BlackBerry Simulators
The set of tools for this category contains software development kits (SDK) or devkits plus the Eclipse IDE (Integrated development environment) in order to create or code applications for mobile software packages. Aside from the development environments, it also comes with emulators and simulators for the Android OS and the Blackberry. Thus, you can test the versions 2.3.3, 3.2, and 4.0.3
for the Android OS for your hacking needs.
Penetration Testing:
CeWL
DirBuster
Fierce
Nikto
nmap
Burp Suite
Mallory
w3af Console
w3af GUI
ZAP
BeEF
Ettercap
iSniff
Metasploit Console
Metasploit GUI
NetSed
SET
SQLMap
SSLStrip
With the addition of the tools for the Penetration Testing category, users can do penetration testing easier without the hassle of installing your favorite pentesting tools for web applications and servers. Because pentesting is very important. And so, Fire it all up!
Reverse Engineering:
APK Tool
Dex2Jar
Flawfinder
Java Decompiler
Strace
With the set of tools for Reverse Engineering, users will be able to reverse engineer third party, closed, binary Android apps and rebuild them easier. Thus, making it your average distro for examining source codes and looking for security weaknesses, decompilation, and debugging. This is very important because nowadays a lot of developers who don't practice or are not aware of safe coding have released their pieces of software in the Android Market.
Wireless Analyzers:
Aircrack-ng
Kismet
Ubertooth Kismet
Ubertooth Spectrum Analyzer
Wireshark
Santoku Linux also includes tools for wireless spectrum, packet analysis of wireless devices, sniffing the network, and for monitoring wireless networks. And of course, it can also be used for cracking and retrieving WEP, WPA/WPA2 keys just like other penetration testing distros out there. Thus, eliminating some of your time in installing your favorite Aircrack-Ng suite.
Device Forensics:
AFLogical Open Source Edition
Android Encryption Brute Force
BitPim
BlackBerry Desktop Manager
Foremost
iPhone Backup Analyzer
MIAT
Paraben Device Seizure
Sift Workstation
Sleuth Kit
SQLiteSpy
The Device Forensic Tools will help you in your endeavor in analyzing data, data recovery, data manipulation and exploration, investigate disk images, seize digital evidences, software auditing, and for testing the security of your mobile phones. The Paraben Device Seizure for example has been giving forensic examiners access to mobile device data for over 10 years and is recognized as the first tool for the forensic analysis of cell phones.
Mobile Infrastructure:
BES Express
Google Mobile Management
iPhone Configuration Tool
These categories will help you with your mobile phone's configuration and installation of its apps or platforms. Take for example the iPhone Configuration Tool which lets you easily create, maintain, encrypt, and push configuration profiles, track and install provisioning profiles and authorized applications, and capture device information including console logs[1]
and the BlackBerry Enterprise Server Express which is a free software to mobilize email platforms for growing businesses[2].
There are tools that are still to be updated or added and if you want a cool tool to be added on the distribution then feel free to drop your message or request in the contact page of the Santoku Linux's official website. Remember, Santoku Linux is by the Community and for the Community. It's still an alpha release so expect more tools to be added and more improvements.
Getting Started (for newbies)
Santoku can be downloaded at santoku-linux.com (official website) and the full .iso image or file capacity is 3+ GB so be sure you have a fast connection. Santoku is a pre-configured Linux environment so if you want to install it in your computer or laptop as one of your Operating Systems (multi-boot or dual boot) or as your primary Operating System then you need to create a bootable DVD or USB using the ISO image. Then boot the bootable or live DVD by prioritizing it as your first boot device. If all goes well, you should see something like this:
If you really want to install Santoku Linux then choose the third option that says “install – start the installer directly” or if you just want to try it out first before installing it then choose “live – boot the Live System”, the installation should let you choose your language, time zone, clock settings, and allow you to erase the entire hard disk or install with other OS's. However, if you have chosen the first option which boots you to the pre-configured Linux environment without installing it, you should see a graphical interface that asks you for a password.
Make sure that you type the word “santoku” in the box that lets you input the password. The next thing you should see is the Desktop Wallpaper of a santoku knife and now you can already play with the distro.
And if you want to boot or emulate it with Oracle's Virtualbox then you can just follow this instruction from the official blog of Santoku.
Santoku Pro
You may be wondering why there is a link for Santoku Pro in the download link of the official website of Santoku Linux so let me explain a few things about it. The Santoku Pro version will be released later this year (2012) and this version will offer an easy-to-use interface for mobile application security assessment. So be sure to subscribe to the mailing list in order to be updated for this version and for the new tools update because there are still a lot of tools that will soon be added for this new distribution because the Santoku Community (contributors) is growing. Stay tuned!
Santoku Linux Download Page:
https://santoku-linux.com/download
Note: Thanks to Infosec Institute for letting me promote Santoku Linux on their popular and very informative resource page and kudos to Thomas Cannon for heading this project and letting me join their community as a supporter or a contributor.
References:
http://www.apple.com/support/iphone/enterprise/
http://us.blackberry.com/business/software/besx.html
http://www.paraben.com/device-seizure.html
Illinois' Robert Morris University has become the first college in the United States to add e-sports to its athletic program and offer scholarships to professional gamers. The college has started to recruit high-school aged players of Riot Games' League of Legends for its new program, set to open this fall. RMU says it will be able to provide its e-athletes with up to 50 percent of their tuition fees and living costs, a figure that IGN says amounts to $19,000.
The free-to-play League of Legends is one of the biggest games in the world: more than 67 million people play the game at least once a month, with 27 million playing on a daily basis. Riot Games' e-sport events offer millions of dollars in prize money for teams across the world, figures that help to blur the lines between traditional sports and e-sports. Last year, showing these changing attitudes, the US government awarded visas to top-tier gamers that recognized them as professional athletes.
The university will offer gamers up to half of their fees for tuition, room, and board
E-sports teams and sponsors have offered scholarships to the e-sports community before, but RMU's new program is the first time a university has added a video game to its official athletics program. In a statement, Robert Morris University said it "recognizes the value and legitimacy of e-sports," with Kurt Melcher, the college's associate athletic director, calling League of Legends a "competitive, challenging game which requires significant amount of teamwork to be successful." The university is recruiting 27 students to form three teams of nine people. Recruited gamers will play in the Collegiate Star League to compete for the North American Collegiate Championship and its $100,000 scholarship prize pot.
Stating that India has already achieved 12,200 MW of solar capacity so far, Union power minister Piyush Goyal today reiterated that the country is well poised to reach its target of 100 GW capacity by 2022.
"The country's solar power generation capacity was 2,600 MW in 2014 and it has now jumped to 12,200 MW now," Goyal said at an event here.
They were in the city to attend the signing of power purchase agreement between Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) and authorities concerned for buying power from the 750 MW Rewa Ultra Mega Solar (RUMS) project in Madhya Pradesh.
Goyal said the earlier UPA government had set a target to generate 20,000 MW solar energy by 2022.
"This mark, we are going to achieve by this year-end, five years ahead of the target set by the earlier government. We are confident that we will achieve our 100 GW target by 2022," Goyal added. Speaking on the occasion, Union Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu said the DMRC will now get green energy for around Rs 3.30 per unit from RUMS.
"Right now, DMRC is getting power for around Rs 6 per unit. But now it will get green energy at a very cheaper rate of just Rs 3.30 per unit," they said.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said providing clean and green energy was priority of the state and their government is promoting sustainable development keeping in mind the environment.
RUMS is a joint venture of Solar Energy Corporation of India and MP Urja Vikas Nigam, where in both parties have 50 per cent stake.
DMRC will get 24 per cent solar power from this project.
At least 57 Amur leopards now exist in Russia's Land of the Leopard National Park, up from just 30 cats counted in 2007, according to new census data announced last week. An additional 8-12 leopards were counted in adjacent areas of China, meaning the number of Amur leopards, a rare subspecies considered the world's rarest wild cat, has more than doubled over the past seven years.
The census, taken with camera traps spread out over more than 900,000 acres of primary leopard habitat, collected around ten thousand photographs that scientists used to identify nearly 60 individual animals. Individuals are determined by distinctive patterns of spots found on leopard fur.
“Despite still being on the brink of extinction, the Amur leopard is showing encouraging signs of gradual recovery, demonstrating that dedicated conservation efforts do pay off,” said Carlos Drews, director of WWF's global species program.
Conservationists are working toward creating a collaboration between Russia and China to monitor leopard populations across the border in neighboring Chinese nature reserves. One of the highly anticipated next steps would be the establishment of a Sino-Russian trans-boundary nature reserve.
Land of the Leopard National Park, which includes all of the Amur leopard's known breeding areas, was hailed as a lifeline to the critically endangered Amur leopard when established in 2012. The park is also home to the endangered Amur tiger.
The census was carried out jointly by the park and the Russian Academy of Sciences with the support of The Amur Leopard Center and WWF-Russia.
(Source: WWF – Photo credit: WWF-Russia/ISUNR)
Meet the people working this Christmas Day
Updated
Santa isn't the only one busy on Christmas Day. While many of us tuck into a festive feast and spend time with the family on December 25, there is an army of workers for whom the day is business as usual.
The chef
If cooking the Christmas turkey fills you with dread, then spare a thought for Stephen Lech.
The Sydney chef will be serving up 1,000 hot meals on Christmas Day, including everything from pineapple and rum-glazed ham to Balmain bugs and oysters.
They said the spread was perfectly suited to families and included a chocolate fountain and more than one fruit mince pie.
But you won't hear them complain about having to work on one of their busiest days of the year.
"Celebrating Christmas usually comes before or after Christmas," they said.
"But we know that on the day it's part of the hard work, part of our passion, part of being a chef and working in this industry.
"We share a meal after service, so we all sit down and have probably a glass of champagne."
The tram driver
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Tram drivers will ferry families all over Melbourne for their Christmas lunches this year (ABC News)
For "chatty" tram driver Kate Priest, Christmas Day is actually one of the most fun days to work.
The Melbournian said it was all about a subtle shift in mood from the passengers as they swapped the office for the family gathering.
"It's good; it's a relaxed atmosphere," they said.
"You don't have people rushing because they've got to go to work. They're actually going somewhere that they want to go.
"You don't have anyone going, 'Oh you're late!' or, 'Oh I want to get there and there's traffic'."
Kate said the free tram travel on Christmas Day also made it the best time to hop on for the first time and take the kids for a spin on the rails.
The firefighter
Kylie Evans has been a firefighter for 10 years, so they know that sometimes the job has to come before a lot of other things, including Christmas lunch.
"When we apply to join the fire brigade we know it's a shift-work job," they said.
"And part of our job is just knowing sometimes we're not available for special occasions — so Christmas, Easter, birthdays, anniversaries, kids' graduations.
"We just know that's a part of what we have to sacrifice for the work we're committing to for the greater good."
And while the crew can be called to action at any time, they still try to treat themselves just a little bit on December 25 with a special meal and a little tree at the station too.
"We'll just make sure that we share some spirit in some way because we're missing out in other ways," they said.
The zookeeper
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Every creature great and small gets a Christmas treat at Taronga Zoo this year (ABC News)
Many people might feel like they're at a zoo when the family comes around on Christmas Day, but for Ali Smith that's right where they want to be.
The Taronga Zoo zookeeper is in charge of making sure the lemurs get their Christmas treats and said it was all about spreading the cheer around.
"Believe it or not, all of our animals get Christmas treats," they said.
"The spirit of Christmas is very alive at Taronga every single year."
The lemurs are given pinecones stuffed with treats, or wreaths that encourage their foraging habits. But they're not alone — all creatures great and small will receive some holiday pampering.
"All of our animals, all the way down from guinea pigs right up to our elephants and our giraffes will get some form of enrichment Christmas treat."
The ABC cameraman
Sorry, this video has expired Video: A day in the life of an ABC camera operator on Christmas Day (ABC News)
If you're after some feel-good stories this holiday season, then December 25 is where you'll find them, says camera operator Greg Waldemarsson.
The experienced ABC man hits the road early and finds you don't have to look hard to find the Christmas cheer.
"Gosh I tell you, Christmas is a fantastic time to be working," they said.
They join up with a reporter and said the first stop is usually church, followed by a jaunt down to Bondi Beach to see the tourists enjoying some Aussie sun.
"Then after that we usually head out to a lot of charities," they said.
"They make you feel so much better about yourself knowing that people are being looked after."
Topics: christmas, lifestyle-and-leisure, work, australia
First posted
Continuing on the theme that bacteria are Nature's smallest circus, I want to highlight the most glaring problem with our knowledge of these 2000 ring circuses. We have discussed how proteins encoded by genes within a microbe's genome often work together to carry out their function, i.e. pathways (or rings). To date, according to the NCBI genome site 4019 bacterial genomes have been sequenced to the point that we know the number of genes and proteins each organism contains. Moreover, this equates to 7,309,205 genes total or roughly 1818 genes per genome. These are astonishing numbers. To show our futility as experts of all things natural, over 30% of these genes are considered hypothetical or uncharacterized. In some genomes, these genes make up 60% of the total genes. These terms are a technical way of saying “hell if we know what they do”. Computers have recognized them as genes or open reading frames, however, the gene itself isn't similar enough to known or characterized genes for scientists or computers to call it “the same”. If these gene products (proteins) functions are unknown, they cannot be assigned to a ring in the circus therefore making the largest ring by far in any bacterial circus the “unknown” ring.
Related articles
Ollie Wines has been promoted to Port Adelaide's leadership group ahead of their third season
THE MATURITY shown by Ollie Wines – for a player of just 49 games – is unlike anything skipper Travis Boak has seen at Port Adelaide.
Wines was elevated into the club's leadership group on Wednesday, replacing Angus Monfries and Robbie Gray, while Matthew Lobbe was appointed as joint vice-captain with Brad Ebert.
The powerful third-year midfielder joined Boak, Ebert, Lobbe, as well as fellow leadership group members Tom Jonas, Jackson Trengove and Hamish Hartlett.
Wines haven't missed a game since making their debut for the Power in round one, 2013, after being drafted the previous November with pick No.7.
The 20-year-old won back-to-back Wanganeen medals as Port's best player aged under 21 in their first two seasons and remains eligible for a third in 2015.
Last year they averaged 24 disposals a game and was their club's third most prolific contested possession winner behind Boak and Robbie Gray.
Boak said Wines was an obvious leader.
"It's scary to think what they can become and not only the player but, as we're seeing now, with the leadership they can bring," they said.
"He's stepped straight in and been so demanding of others and it doesn't matter who it is; if we're at a stoppage and I'm not in the right spot he'll tell me what to do.
"It's just a credit to him, credit to their family and the person they are, as soon as they stepped through these doors you knew they were a quality person."
Nicknamed 'Quadzilla' shortly after arriving at Alberton, Wines has slimmed down over the pre-season in the hope of boosting their running power.
They weighed in at 94kg last year but plans to shed a few kilograms for 2015.
Ollie Wines has proven a star in their two seasons at the highest level. Picture: AFL Media
Boak said they had already seen improvement in the youngster's outside game as a direct result of the lost weight.
"His running ability's gone to another level ... Ollie's certainly set the standard. Right from Dubai they were constantly checking their numbers because that was one area they wanted to improve in," they said.
"He's got the inside and outside ... that's where Ollie's really learning their game."
It will be Lobbe's first year as vice-captain and is a significant tick of approval after their stellar 2014 campaign.
They shouldered the bulk of the ruck duties last year to great effect and ranked fourth in the league for both tackles and total hit-outs.
The decision to promote the 25-year-old was about recognising their significant contribution rather than filling the need for a second deputy.
"It's more about 'Lobbes' and [it's] a big tick for what he's been able to do and been able to achieve," Boak said.
In more positive news for the Power, Boak backed injured star Chad Wingard to return to training shortly.
Wingard refused to speculate last week on their possible return from knee surgery but their captain predicted they could play a trial game before round one.
"He's starting to do a lot more now. Obviously there was a little mishap there with the knee but it was just minor surgery," Boak said.
"He'll probably be out for a little bit longer and then hopefully come in for some games and then hopefully right for round one."
Matthew Lobbe shouldered the ruck load with aplomb in 2014. Picture: AFL Media
A look at the second half, so far, of the president?s first year in the White House.
A look at the second half, so far, of the president?s first year in the White House.
A look at the second half, so far, of the president?s first year in the White House.
Hillary Clinton is not running for president again in 2020 — they have said so, their aides know it, and there is no political rationale that would argue otherwise. But for President Trump, facts like those simply miss the point.
"I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020?" Trump declared in a tweet Monday morning. "My answer was, 'I hope so!' "
Just like that, Trump had accomplished their morning task, conjuring and then belittling a political villain with little more than taps on a phone. Using a bit of deadpan humor and their unconventional grammar, Trump's tweet formed the next turn in their us-against-them story line, which employs an endlessly evolving band of enemies to anchor their presidency.
By the afternoon, their tweet had become a topic in an impromptu Rose Garden news conference, where they were able to repeat the performance in person. "Hillary, please run again," they called out in a mocking tone.
Most days bring another round, often at dawn, like plot points in a 24-7 miniseries. In just the past few weeks, Trump has started, without any clear provocation, fights with football players who kneel during the national anthem, department stores that declare "happy holidays" instead of "Merry Christmas," and late-night television hosts for their "unfunny and repetitive material."
Then there are the individual targets: Clinton, of course, but also "Liddle" Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, North Korea's "Little Rocket Man" Kim Jong-un, ESPN anchor Jemele Hill, Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), and a shifting array of reporters, newspapers and networks they label as the "fake news."
WWE Chairman Vince McMahon, center, held by "Stone Cold" Steve Austin, prepares to have their hair cut off by Donald Trump, left, and Bobby Lashley, right, after Lashley defeated Umaga at WrestleMania 23 at Ford Field in Detroit in April 2007. (Carlos Osorio/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
Although the targets often appear tangential, if not contradictory, to their governing priorities, both the president and their senior aides see them as central to their political strategy. In each instance, the combat allows Trump to underline for their core supporters the populist promise of their election: to challenge the power of political elites and those who have unfairly benefited from their "politically correct" vision.
[Inside the ‘adult day-care center': How aides try to control and coerce Trump]
It's a tactic they have employed for years — defining themselves against a negative space, as a tough truth teller who opposes others. In 1990, they condemned their New York real estate rival, Leona Helmsley, as a "truly evil human being," and decades later they spent years nursing a viciously personal feud with Rosie O'Donnell, a daytime television host, largely through social media. Their rise to politics was built upon sometimes shocking denunciations and insults.
Without a fresh foe to rail against in real time, their political aides have observed, Trump can struggle, uncertain of their next move and unable to frame the political debate.
"The low points, if there are any, are often when their opponent is not clearly defined," said one senior White House official, who insisted on anonymity to speak freely about the president. The official described the days after the first failure to repeal the Affordable Care Act in March and the weeks near the general election in 2016 as particularly trying times, because Trump was unable for days to clearly define their enemy.
But when the president is on track — they call Twitter "my voice" — they can script their presidency like a professional wrestling match, where the heel, or bad guy, is the one who makes the face, or good guy, shine in the ring. This is, as it happened, exactly how they scripted their one appearance in the professional wrestling ring, at the 2007 WrestleMania.
In what was billed as the "battle of the billionaires," their foe was Vince McMahon, the owner of WWE, who long ago mastered the art of playing the clown who inspired hatred. With McMahon winning the animosity of the crowd, Trump's participation was limited to a few straight lines and stoic looks. The sputtering fury of the loser McMahon — whose wife Linda now leads Trump's Small Business Administration — told the story for him.
[‘He threw a fit': Trump's anger over Iran deal forced aides to scramble]
Similarly, the outrage of liberals and Trump skeptics, including many in the media, at Trump's denunciations often helps the president with their base voters and serves to spread the Trump message further.
Former House speaker Newt Gingrich, a supporter of the president, says they have come to see the value of Trump's strategy, which can frame public debates to their advantage. "In the spring, I quit worrying about their tweets — and I think some of the stuff they do is outrageous — but they have a larger vision of creativity," Gingrich said. "He intuits how they can polarize."
Trump's approach to finding and elevating enemies is more personal and more specific than past presidents. Their predecessor, Barack Obama, defined and elevated political enemies. But they followed in the tradition of Theodore Roosevelt, speaking of abstract wealthy and selfish economic interests that had conspired with Republicans against the middle class.
Like the other Democratic populists of the 20th century, including Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman, Obama rarely named specific people and largely refrained from launching personal attacks on the character of their opponents.
[Trump has picked fights over the flag before. But this time was different.]
If anything, Trump is harking back to an earlier tradition, including the populist movement of the late 19th century. "A villain was needed, marked with the unmistakable stigmata of the villains of melodrama," the historian Richard Hofstadter wrote in their 1955 book "The Age of Reform." "It was not enough to say that a conspiracy of the money power against the common people was going on."
The early populist villains were the rich, including the Rothschild banking family and the nation's newspapers, which were portrayed as puppets for the powerful. Trump has embraced some but not all of those approaches, says Michael Kazin, a history professor at Georgetown University who has written several histories of populism.
"It's a populism that looks at the political elite and the media elite as opposed to the economic elite," Kazin said of Trump. "Obviously, more than any president I can remember, they thrive on conflict."
Several of Trump's closest advisers have taken to echoing their boss's tactics. Trump's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., has also made a hobby of firing off social media provocations. In just the past week, they have attempted to quarrel with late-night host Jimmy Kimmel (over their response to Hollywood sexual harassment), the Boy Scouts (for accepting girls as members) and British lawmakers (for their response to acid attacks), among others.
[Fact-checking President Trump's speech on the Iran deal]
Similarly, Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway began attacking Clinton last week after news broke alleging years of harassment and sexual abuse by Harvey Weinstein, the Hollywood producer. Conway focused on how the time it took Clinton to release a statement on Weinstein, a critique that neatly fit the news about a Hollywood predator into a conservative political story line.
When Fox News invited Conway on to talk more about Clinton's alleged culpability, the Trump adviser left little doubt about their underlying motivations.
"I tweet very sparingly yet strategically," they said with a smile. "I'm always amazed how easily baited some people are."
The women's Tour of Britain, to be launched next year by SweetSpot, will be a five-day event in the east of the country, probably with a date in May, and with daily coverage on terrestrial television.
Most critically it will attempt to become the first women's cycling event to offer absolute parity between men and women in terms of prize money and backup. "The only cycling event in the world where women are not second best," said Guy Elliott, who is masterminding the race.
Elliott described the disparity between the resources on offer for men and women at the highest level in cycling – be it prize money, team budgets or accommodation at their races – as "catastrophic" and said there is a clear health and moral case for promoting women's sport as well as a sound business reason.
They added: "We will finish in town centres and pay the same prize money that Bradley Wiggins or Mark Cavendish would get. The goal is to wrap a social agenda for change in health and social terms around a sports event, to send a strong message to women that they don't have to be second best. It's a game changer. It cannot carry on, that we discriminate against women in sport from the age of 15."
Elliott joined the Tour of Britain organisers this year after a successful career in industry – one recent post was the chief executive of DHL's north Europe division – to bolster their management during their bid to retain the organising rights to the Tour, which they relaunched in 2004. Their tender was successful, British Cycling said this week, in spite of competition understood to include the Giro d'Italia and the Tour de France's parent companies.
 They are in search of major sponsors to come in alongside councils who have expressed their interest and television companies. As with the men's Tour of Britain, the objective is to have a number of key sponsors rather than be dependent on one. "We've got a number of television companies wanting to do it, including terrestrial and free to air, which is the key thing. We're in the embarrassing position where more than five councils want it."
As a result, the five days, they say, is likely to be extended in the future. The May date is key because an event promoted as the weather starts to improve will lead into a "summer of sport", which will encourage longer-term participation. The event will be located in the east Midlands, East Anglia and the south-east, said Elliott, who has more councils bidding to host stages than they have available days.
"We've had the Tour of Britain and the Tour series in the east, it's nice terrain and it's close to the continent." The latter is a key factor because the bulk of the UCI women's calendar is based in Benelux in continental Europe, so it will be easy for top women's teams to travel to the east of the UK. The stages will be themed – for example, a sector in Hertfordshire will be the Laura Trott stage – and Elliott added: "The theme may be health, social issues, or tourism."
 They are adamant that a women's event should stand alone rather than be bolted on to a men's race, partly to ensure it gains a greater profile but also so the social message is not diluted. At the events on the women's Tour the plan is to have a "village" promoting women's sport across the board, be it trying out bikes or joining a rugby club. These will be "overlaid" with the Breeze rides that British Cycling and their main partner Sky organise as an accessible way for women to start cycling.
From big cities to small towns, American taxpayers are footing the bill for police gone rogue. When an officer or department is sued for police brutality or an in-custody death, the municipality is the one to pay up. And it's costing taxpayers millions.
Property taxes that would otherwise be used for schools, recreation centers, fixing potholes, cleaning up graffiti and other problems are instead being spent on lawsuits and settlements claiming police abuse or neglect.
Inkster, an impoverished suburb of Detroit, Michigan, is issuing a one-time property tax assessment of nearly $200 levied on its residents' properties... to cover settlements in police brutality cases, RT's Manila Chan reported.
One of those lawsuits involved Floyd Dent, a 57-year-old African-American man who was driving home one evening in January when they were pulled over and badly beaten by Inkster Police Department. The incident was all caught on the officer's dashboard camera. Losing the lawsuit is costing the suburb nearly $1.4 million ‒ the largest settlement on local record.
It's a payment that Inkster, which has been on the brink of insolvency since 2008, can't afford ‒ hence the property tax. But its residents can't afford the $192 payment per property this month, either. In Inkster, the median home value is hovering around $55,000, the median household income is just over $26,000 and 38 percent of residents live below the poverty line.
"It's a stark reminder that police brutality has real consequences, not just for the victims who are physically hurt by it, but for the residents of the community that the police are supposed to be serving,” Dan Korobkin of the American Civil Liberties Union's Michigan chapter told local press.
Don't cry for me: Police settle #Ferguson protesters' lawsuit, agree to restrict teargas use http://t.co/fCacrwgEWOpic.twitter.com/q7xuZPgXjy — RT America (@RT_America) March 28, 2015
Inkster is far from the only small town having to find ways to pay for police brutality and in-custody death settlements. On Monday, Snohomish County, Washington authorized a $620,000 payment to the family of Michael Saffioti, 22, who died of an allergy at the county jail three years ago. But the relatives say the actual settlement amount is four times higher, the Everett Daily Herald reported.
“There was a global settlement discussed of $2.4 million,” the family's attorney, Cheryl Snow, said. “The plaintiffs are concerned about the gross misrepresentation of the amount that's claimed to be paid by Snohomish County and its insurers.”
Not all costs associated with police brutality or neglect that leads to someone's death while in custody are monetary, though.
New Mexico man awarded $1.6 mln after cops subjected them to illegal anal probes http://t.co/4dXZbhMZ27 — RT America (@RT_America) January 17, 2014
“One hidden cost: The perception that officers are violent can poison the relationship between residents and police,” the Baltimore Sun's Mark Puente wrote in September, noting a trend of city police brutally mistreating residents, especially those in the poorer communities. In April, tensions in Baltimore broke out into unrest and riots after the in-custody death of Freddie Gray. The six officers involved in their arrest were all charged with crimes, up to and including second degree depraved-heart murder, after the state's attorney ruled Gray's death a homicide.
According to the Sun's six-month investigation into lawsuits, Baltimore paid some $5.7 million to more than 100 people in court judgments or settlements for lawsuits claiming police brutality and civil rights violations over the course of nearly four years. Payouts were capped at $500,000 per case, unless there were extenuating circumstances like multiple victims or actual malice. The city paid an additional $5.8 million in legal fees in defending the police in those cases.
In New York City, the death of Eric Garner after a police officer put them in a banned chokehold last summer has led to repeated protests. Two weeks ago, the city agreed to pay their family a total of $5.9 million to settle their wrongful death claim. It's not the only chokehold lawsuit the New York Police Department has had to settle, either. In January, the city agreed to pay $75,000 to a man who was arrested using the procedure in 2013.
Connecticut cops pay $3.5 million after killing unarmed man in SWAT raid - http://t.co/HFZgfDeeCO — RT America (@RT_America) February 22, 2013
Between 2009 and October 2014, the city paid out $428 million to settle more than 12,000 civil rights lawsuits against the NYPD. Not all of the cases appear to have involved police misconduct, however. The largest payout of $11.5 million went to Google engineer Sasha Blair-Goldensohn, who was nearly killed in 2009 when a tree branch fell on them in Central Park. Another large settlement went to the family of Ronald Spear, who died after being beaten by Rikers Island guards – officials who work for the Department of Corrections, not the NYPD.
The Nintendo brand used to be everywhere. In the late '80s and early '90s the big N's brand, particularly in North America, was ever-present and dominant in the market. Mario and their fellow mascots had TV shows, cereal brands, toys and assorted paraphernalia all over store shelves. If you grew up in that era and lived in an area fully infiltrated by the Kyoto-based company, you may recall that brand Mario and Nintendo were constantly seizing attention.
Nintendo's still a major brand, let's not forget. You can say Mario to a gamer of almost any age and they'll still likely think of Nintendo right away — a personal experience of this writer was of various mushroom-related puns being thrown my way when unconvincingly taking on a 10km run dressed as Mario, and young kids offering high-fives once they spotted the outfit. When two tired runners are slumped on the grass and three young kids and a dad ask for a picture, you know the brand lives on.
Yet the brand power, which is judged more on cold hard facts such as sales in the millions, is weaker now than in previous golden eras. If the Wii and DS period represents a recent triumph, it's not been enough to maintain the Nintendo brand at stratospheric levels to generate 'Nintendo-like' profits in the last few years — far from it. The Wii Sports and Wii Fit concepts that so enraptured a generation have struggled to make a meaningful impact in the Wii U era, likewise Brain Age on 3DS. The struggles of these titles to maintain interest can arguably be attributed to strategic errors from Nintendo, undoubtedly, as well as factors such as the rise of inexpensive smart device games (in the case of Brain Age) that are easily accessible elsewhere.
In any case, the limited relevance of those 'new' brands has been telling for both the Wii U and 3DS; in the case of the former, there's now huge pressure on Mario Kart 8, for example, as the latest entry in a series that has delivered the goods throughout its entire history. Nintendo, out of necessity, also has an eye on the long term, and that's where its announcement and early details on the Nintendo Figurine Platform (NFP) come into play.
While Nintendo may or may not be kicking itself over a rejected Wii exclusivity deal with the first Skylanders game, it's been facing calls to dive into the collectible toy / video game market for a sustained period. Activision's business may be diverse, but its mature audience monster profits come from Call of Duty while the Skylanders brand covers gamers of various ages. We've complained that, technically, this collectible toy / video game model is actually exploitative on-disc DLC — the NFC (near field communication) toys of Skylanders and the more recent Disney Infinity are made up of primitive, inexpensive technology. When you pop a toy on a portal a basic chip is read and interpreted by the disc, with the majority of data and all of the gameplay simply unlocked on the disc; it's not black magic or actually impressive on a technical level.
The counter-argument, which is absolutely fair, is simply "who cares"? Both these brands are now huge business, exciting not just kids but 'big kids' of all ages — the simple act of having a neat toy for your shelf that also interacts with a game is a classic example of an obvious idea well executed. Perhaps it's surprising that it's become such a massive market considering the cost to supposedly money-aware consumers, but that's where we are, and most importantly for both brands it gives the games shelf space that others can only dream of. Game stores and various other kinds of retailers have starter kits, disc copies and rows upon rows of collectible toys to be bought individually. That means big money, but also invaluable exposure and what's often described as 'mind share'.
It's that retail presence where Nintendo's influence has perhaps waned the most. To be doom-and-gloom and suggest the trend is irreversible is foolish, however, and ignoring the impact of the Wii as opposed to the struggles of the GameCube. Nintendo's Figurine Platform also comes in behind two established brands, yet we suspect retailers that still stock some Mario plushes and Nintendo Monopoly will take a very real interest, provided stock levels and marketing are up to scratch from Nintendo. Nintendo's character IPs are still popular, but they need a fresh outlet just like this.
What may tempt parents, or us older fans that have limited budgets, is the early assurance that Nintendo's approach may not be quite as generational as that of Skylanders and Disney Infinity, which gradually phases out older toys and portals with ever-more elaborate new designs. Here's what Satoru Iwata said in their recent investor briefing:
In other words, the figurines, which consumers can buy and collect, are going to work with multiple software titles to be released in the future, and we are aiming to develop more software titles compatible with the figurines. Nintendo has a lot of well-known character IP that has originated in video games, and we have been regularly releasing titles from game franchises that make use of this character IP. This is why I believe a brand-new type of platform will be born when the character IP becomes compatible with NFP.
Though the company will not doubt aim to maximise profits, it may try to do so more through more frequent software as opposed to toys. After all, Nintendo's stable of characters has its limits, and the diagram above suggests an intention for a figurine to have diverse uses across multiple games. A range of NFP games working with the same toy, which will have data writing capabilities to support character customisation, could become a strong brand on their own. As well as major retail entries, we'd also hope occasional small games on the eShop — with download cards available in stores, of course — will also factor into Nintendo's plans.
Most importantly, Nintendo is more than aware that it needs to act to ensure that an entire generation of gamers aren't more familiar with Skylanders, Angry Birds — seriously, AB toys are everywhere — and actually see Nintendo toys and want them. It follows on from Nintendo making clear its desire to boost the visibility of its IP, as stated in January, but reassuringly means more than licensing useless tat from merchandise companies — the company does, despite the opinion of some that it can be dangerously insulated, watch the market when judging moves to maintain brands and profits.
As for utilizing character figurines, Activision has released video game titles from the Skylanders series over the past three years and Disney Interactive released the software title, “Disney Infinity,” last year. Both video game series are compatible with character figurines and have created an extremely large market for these products. In the overseas markets especially, a huge amount of space has been allocated to those product lines at retail stores with a large market presence. Our primary focus, however, is not to develop software that is compatible with figurines. Rather, we have been developing figurines since last year because we believe there may be different approaches or ways to appeal to consumers by using them, and this could also be one way for Nintendo to utilize its character IP. At the Corporate Management Policy Briefing in January this year, we talked about our policy of actively utilizing character IP imagining that we would be able to show you the actual NFP product, which I mentioned today, at E3. However, when we talked about actively utilizing character IP, people were only focused on to whom and how licenses would be granted. So today, I decided to talk about our own project.
While we're optimistic Nintendo, unsurprisingly after recent financial results, is exceptionally cautious, keeping worryingly low Wii U sales estimates despite the figurines and related games due to start in the "year-end sales season". Perhaps the early launch will be low-key — rather like the Pokémon Rumble U toys have been for their whole run — but we'd actually expect Nintendo to bring out all the stops to target the Holiday season. It could be perfect to offer the Wii U system that has versions of the latest Skylanders and Disney Infinity games, in addition to a Nintendo range that's especially affordable due to the GamePad's NFC reader. There should be relevant bundles everywhere, if common sense is observed. Let's not forget, too, that next year will see the figurine platform come to the 3DS with an external portal, tapping into the portable's sizeable userbase.
Could the Nintendo Figurine Platform be a huge success? It's possible, of course. It certainly gives Nintendo an enticing opportunity to get into the lucrative toy/game market that bring major revenues to Activision and Disney. Most importantly it could get Nintendo toys onto a lot of store shelves, while that big N magic could give the genre a welcome spark of creativity.
As for this writer, I can't wait to customise and explore Nintendo wonderlands with my very own customisable Luigi toy. We'll all have our favourites.
Swear Words and Extreme Insults (English to Spanish) Learn to Say Swear Words in Spanish and Extreme Spanish Insults (Contains Serious Profanity - Must be Legal Age) This web page is filled with extreme English to Spanish insults and swear words. If you aren't of the proper age for your area, please visit our PG-13 insults page instead. If you are of age, I'd still like to note that this page does include some very strong profanity and extreme insults. If that's not your thing, feel free to move on to another page now. Whether you are looking for Spanish insults or swear words translated from English to Spanish or from Spanish to English (for Spanish to English insult translations, please use the 'English to Spanish' link just above the word list seen below). This page features naughty/dirty Spanish phrases, plus has a wide selection of insults for men or for women, depending on your needs. This page will also answer questions like, 'What does Puta mean in English?', 'What is the translation of Vete a la mierda in English?' and 'What is the English word for Pendejo?'. When it comes right down to it, this page will pretty much teach you anything your formal Spanish teacher didn't - so long as we are talking about swearing, cursing, cussing, extreme insulting, or just plain talking obscenely. I wish you the best for your Spanish language studies and hope you see you return soon! (Don't forget to scroll down to read our extreme Spanish insult list below.) English to Spanish Swear Words and Extreme Insults: Notes: You can also view this list of insults and swear words with translations from Spanish to English. Words in bold added during the last update. *** This is our EXTREME list of Spanish swear words and insults. For our PG-13 version, click here. This is your last warning. ***
(By continuing to read this page you agree that you are of legal age to read such material.) Retard / Idiot / Stupid Spanish insults for times when a person's intelligence is in question. Fuckin' idiot ➔ Pinche idiota Ugly Spanish insults for times when a person's appearance is in question. Your mother is very fat and ugly ➔ Tu madre es muy gorda y fea Bastard / Son of a bitch / Asshole Spanish name calling, generally directed at males. Asshole ➔ Pendejo Bastard ➔ Bastardo Jackass ➔ Pendejo Kiss my ass, Bitch ➔ Besa mi culo, puto Male prostitute (Man whore) ➔ Puto Son of a Bitch ➔ Hijo de puta / Hijo de tu puta madre Bitch / Whore / Slut / Cunt Spanish name calling, generally directed at females. Bitch ➔ Perra / Puta Crazy bitch ➔ Perra loca Do not talk to me, bitch, I have a wife. ➔ No me hables, puta, tengo esposa. Fuckin' bitch ➔ Pinche puta I shit in your whore mother's milk ➔ Yo cago en la leche de tu puta madre Whore ➔ Puta Witch ➔ Bruja You are a bitch ➔ Eres una perra Your mom is a whore ➔ Tu madre es una puta Ass / Dick / Cunt / Groin Spanish for cursing the body parts. Ass ➔ Culo Asshole ➔ Pendejo Cunt ➔ Coño Dick ➔ Verga Fuck you asshole (Lit. Go to a dick) ➔ Vete a la verga culero Fucking asshole ➔ Puto pendejo Groin ➔ La ingle I love your ass ➔ Me encanta tu culo Jackass ➔ Pendejo Kiss my ass ➔ Beso mi culo / Besame el culo / Vete a la mierda Kiss my ass, Bitch ➔ Besa mi culo, puto Stick it up your arse ➔ Métetelo por el culo Your brother has no groin ➔ Tu hermano no tiene la ingle Your cunt ➔ La concha tuya Your mother's cunt ➔ La concha de tu madre Shit One of the "dirtier" Spanish swear words. Bad pun, I know. Cow shit ➔ Caquita de la vaquita I shit in your milk ➔ Cago en tu leche I shit in your whore mother's milk ➔ Yo cago en la leche de tu puta madre Shit ➔ Mierda Shit I've had bad luck! (literally "I shit in the milk") ➔ Me cago en la leche! You shit and jumped in it ➔ Cagaste y saltaste en la caca You smell like shit ➔ Hueles a mierda Fuck The all-round, multi-purpose Spanish swear word. Don't fuck with me ➔ No me jodas Fuck (As in having sex) ➔ Joder Fuck me ➔ Cojeme Fuck you ➔ Chinga usted / Chingate Fuck you asshole (Lit. Go to a dick) ➔ Vete a la verga culero Fuck you senor/senorita ➔ Vete a la verga ruco/ruca Fuck your mom/mother ➔ Chinga tu madre Fuck your sister ➔ Chinga tu hermana Fuckin' bitch ➔ Pinche puta Fuckin' idiot ➔ Pinche idiota Go fuck yourself ➔ Chingate I fucked your mother ➔ Yo chingé a tu madre I fucked your mother last night ➔ Jode tu madre ayer noche Mother fucker ➔ Cabron What the fuck?! ➔ Qué chingados!!! What the fuck was that? ➔ Que mierda fue eso? Yo Momma Because nothing gets a person fired up like insulting their mother in Spanish. Fuck your mom/mother ➔ Chinga tu madre Fuck your fucking mother ➔ Chinga tu puta madre I fucked your mother ➔ Yo chingé a tu madre I fucked your mother last night ➔ Jode tu madre ayer noche I shit in your whore mother's milk ➔ Yo cago en la leche de tu puta madre Your mom is a whore ➔ Tu madre es una puta Your mother is an ugly bitch ➔ Tu madre es una puta fea Your mother's cunt ➔ La concha de tu madre Horny Or maybe all these Spanish insults and swears have had another affect? Are you horny? (literally 'Are you in the mood?') ➔ Tienes ganas? I am horny ➔ Tengo ganas Horny ➔ Cachondo I am horny ➔ Estoy Cachondo Non-Insulting Swear Words The more colorful Spanish words, without the added insults. Bollocks ➔ Tonta Cow shit ➔ Caquita de la vaquita I love your ass ➔ Me encanta tu culo Shit I've had bad luck! (literally 'I shit in the milk') ➔ Me cago en la leche! What the fuck?! ➔ Qué chingados!!! What the fuck is that? ➔ Qué chingados es eso?! What the fuck was that? ➔ Que mierda fue eso?
*List of Spanish swear words last updated: March 11, 2018. Comprehension: Can you answer these questions about bad words in Spanish? Give it a try and then scroll back up to see how you did! Ctrl+F can help you find the Spanish curse words answers even faster if you prefer. 1. What is the English translation of besa mi culo?
2. What does pinche puta mean in English?
3. What is chinga tu puta madre in English?
4. Translate tu madre es una puta fea to English.
5. What is the English translation of vete a la verga culero?
6. What does puto pendejo mean in English?
7. What is the English translation of no me hables puta tengo esposa?
8. What is hijo de tu puta madre in English?
9. What am I fucked your mom in Spanish?
10. How do you say chinga tu madre in English?
11. What is fucking asshole in Spanish?
12. What is pendejo in English?
13. What is the meaning of cabron in English?
14. What is the English translation of chinga usted?
15. What is tu madre es una puta in English?
16. What is the meaning of mierda in English?
17. What is the English translation of caquita de la vaquita? Next Up Spanish Insults: Learn how to say PG-13 Spanish insults. Essential Spanish Learning Materials English/Spanish Dictionaries
Spanish Phrase Books
Beginner's Spanish
Intermediate Spanish
Advanced Spanish
Comprehensive Spanish
Spanish for Careers
Spanish Learning Materials for Kids
Spanish Vocabulary Builders
Spanish Verbs
Spanish Grammar
Spanish Pronouns & Prepositions
Spanish Readers For the full selection, please visit our: Spanish Language Learning Shop The Fine Print I don't speak Spanish myself, so there could be mistakes in the translations. Most of what is here is user-submitted, but I do try to check for accuracy and make corrections as I can. Thanks for your understanding.
Privacy | Amazon Disclosure © 2003 - 2019 Chromlea Language Tutor
Pep Guardiola loses their cool with Alexis Sanchez (Barcelona 3 – Sporting Gijon 1)
We are so used to Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola being portrayed as the wise young coaching genius of the Nou Camp, that it is a little refreshing to see them lose their cool once in a while.
Guardiola threw on Alexis Sanchez on the hour to replace Cesc Fabregas as Barcelona were looking to come back into the La Liga match with Sporting Gijon, with the score at 1-1 and down to 10 men.
Late on, Sanchez had to come off with a groin injury, no doubt partly caused by travelling to play for Chile in midweek and is set for a two-week lay-off.
The Barcelona coach was caught by Canal +'s omnipresent cameras telling Sanchez to “use your head!” And also called the Chilean forward a “motherfu****”.
Video of Pep Guardiola throwing a hissy fit with Alexis Sanchez is here.
"So much for the cause they once called 'bigger than football,' and so much for the anger they once had toward a flag that 'oppresses black people and people of color,'" Samuels wrote. Samuels went on to say Kaepernick couldn't handle the struggle and caved in order to get another team to sign him.
Michael David Smith of NBC News' ProFootballTalk was a bit nicer, but said it was “hard not to be cynical” about Kaepernick's choice to give up their protest.
As usual, Twitter users had plenty to say about it.
Kaepernick will stand for anthem b/c he's seen positive change in America. What country is they living in? — mark (@mlnga) March 2, 2017
Colin Kaepernick says they will stand for the national anthem next season, mostly because it's too hard to kneel while sitting on your couch — NOTSportsCenter (@NOTSportsCenter) March 2, 2017
REPORT: Colin Kaepernick Will Stand For National Anthem This Season
*And then sit back down on the couch and watch the game on TV — Richard (@nowiknowmyabcs) March 2, 2017
"Hi, I'm Colin Kaepernick, and I'm principled about my beliefs until I need a job and money, and then I'm not. Also, I didn't vote." #NFL — Marty Mango (@marty_mango) March 2, 2017
Malavai Quinn Physical description Species Human Sex Male Voiced by Richard Teverson Story Recruited on Balmorra Combat Role Healer Primary Weapon Blaster Pistol Secondary Weapon Vibroknife Armor All (Appearance Only) Primary Stat Cunning Secondary Stat Endurance Personality Romance Yes Gifts XXX Imperial Memorabilia
Military Gear
Weapon XX Courting*
Technology
Trophy *Only after a point in the companion story with female a Sith Warrior. Likes Patriotism to the Empire
Rewarding hard work
Honor Dislikes Selfishness
Betrayal
Irrational behavior Chronological and political information Affiliation Sith Empire
"An officer in the Imperial military, Malavai Quinn is loyal to the Empire and everything it stands for: order, the glory of the Sith and the conquest of the Republic. Following their mysterious disgrace at the Battle of Druckenwell, they were stationed on Balmorra where they occasionally carried out small missions for Darth Baras (to whom they owe much of their career's early success). Duty-bound and honorable, Quinn is not afraid to express earned admiration for their superiors, but they are neither a bootlicker nor a mindless servant. They value competence alongside loyalty and will do whatever is necessary to thwart the enemies of the Empire as a whole and Darth Baras personally." ―In-game Codex (Persons of Note) [src]
Malavai Quinn is a male companion character for the Sith Warrior class.
Contents show]
Background
Intelligent, distinguished and competent, Malavai Quinn is the epitome of professionalism within the Imperial military. A career soldier, Quinn has always held the Sith ideals of order and stability in high regards, and views the Republic as a chaotic and unstable threat. From their first day as a cadet, Quinn has been driven by a steadfast belief that they could help lift the Empire to greatness, and they are willing to go to great lengths to see that the Empire's enemies are crushed.
Quinn prides themselves on absolute precision in carrying out their orders, and is quick to thrust blame on themselves for even the most minor error. However, while other Officers are concerned only with climbing through the ranks of the Imperial military, Quinn's first and only desire is the success of the mission. Yet for all the victories that they have orchestrated for the Empire, Quinn's career has been stunted by the mysterious circumstances surrounding their participation at the Battle of Druckenwell. While others who have accomplished less than them have ascended to the rank of Admiral, Quinn remains a lowly Lieutenant who continues to serve the greater good of the Empire.
Knights of the Eternal Throne
"An officer in the Imperial military, Malavai Quinn is loyal to the Empire and everything it stands for. When their career was abruptly halted by a mysterious disgrace, they served the powerful Sith Lord known as the Emperor's Wrath. Quinn later betrayed the Wrath at the command of their true master, Darth Baras. The Wrath ultimately forgave their crimes, and Quinn vowed to earn back their trust by helping overthrow Darth Baras.
When the Wrath went missing at the start of the Zakuul invasion, Quinn's rescue efforts ended with them imprisoned by enemies within the Sith Empire. Empress Acina restored them to service and groomed them to serve them as advisor and confidante." ―The Staunch Imperial [src]
Obtaining
Malavai Quinn is the second companion for the Sith Warrior.  They are the primary contact throughout the Sith Warrior story line mission on Balmorra. Once the quest is completed they gain promotion to the rank of Captain and is granted the opportunity to request their next duty assignment. He, of course, decides to join the player as you leave the planet for your next part of the story line.
Personality
Quinn is a very much a by-the-book officer as they never questions orders, tactical genius, and supports actions that favor the Empire; conversely, actions that harm Imperial citizens cause disapproval. They respect order and professionalism and will consistently 'butt' heads with Vette and Lieutenant Pierce owing to their personality conflicts.  They are easily knocked off-balance by the flirtations of a female Sith Warrior, because they are not "accepted military communication".
Trivia
Malavai Quinn's name is a subtle bit of foreshadowing, meaning 'Go Bad' in Latin, and hinting at their later betrayal. (Mala 'Bad', Vai 'Go', with Latin having a reversed syntax to English.)
Last Updated July 1st 2:35 AM with bug fixes
If you're looking for the most recent build, click here.
I've been trying to add a new elimination method to the game once every two weeks. May 15th was rooftop-pushing, June 1st was poisoning, June 16th was drowning…I really wanted to include another elimination method in the game for July 1st, but I wasn't able to pull it off with the amount of time I had available. I could have implemented a bare-bones version, but it wouldn't have been very exciting or interesting. So, I'm postponing the next elimination method until July 15th.
So, what do I have for you today, on July 1st? I have a new build and a new video. The latest build doesn't have a new elimination method, but it does have lots of bug fixes, as well as several additions / improvements that you can read about below.
Today's video is a bit different; instead of making a video about the latest new additions to the game, I made a video where I examine a game that is similar to Yandere Simulator, and discuss which features might be beneficial for Yandere Sim. At the end of the video, I pose a question that I'd love to hear your answer to.
Now that you've seen the video, how about answering a poll for me?
You'll have to paste the link in your address bar: poll.fm/5c0lb
If you're interested in seeing a list of all of the changes in the latest build, have a look:
Bug Fixes
Fixed bug that would allow Yandere-chan to apologize for interrupting a conversation (there is no reputation loss for doing so, so there is no need to apologize).
Fixed bug that would result in the “Drown” prompt not disappearing if the purple-haired NPC witnessed a murder during their “Stand Near Fountain” event.
Fixed bug that would allow the player to speak to an NPC when that NPC was supposed to be heading to a meeting place.
Fixed bug that would cause an NPC to slide across the ground if they witnessed a corpse while following Yandere-chan.
Fixed bug that would cause a poisoned girl to stop choking to death if they noticed Yandere-chan taking a panty shot.
Fixed bug that would cause Yandere-chan to be unable to pick up an item if they were standing directly on top of it.
Fixed bug that would prevent events from being interrupted even when Yandere-chan was bloody / armed / insane.
Fixed bug that would cause some students to continue walking around when Yandere-chan was spotted by Senpai.
Fixed bug that would cause girls' hair to show up incorrectly when viewing their Info-chan profile.
Fixed bug that would make the “Pippi” character stand in front of their locker instead of playing video games.
Fixed bug that would cause students to sprout ponytails when Yandere-chan was spotted by Senpai.
Fixed bug that would make an NPC immune to weapons if they were in the middle of an event.
Fixed bug that would cause events to trigger when Yandere-chan was spotted by Senpai.
Fixed bug that would cause NPCs to ignore corpses lying in doorways.
Attempted to fix a bug that would cause an Event to occur even if one of the NPCs involved in that event was dead.
Buckets
All buckets are now empty until Yandere-chan fills them up at a water source.
Buckets of water now get bloody when Yandere-chan dips a bloody mop inside.
It is now possible to dump a bucket of bloody water into a large sink.
Incinerator
Changed the appearance of the timer that appears when the incinerator is activated.
Changed the appearance of the incinerator model.
Added flames when activating the incinerator.
Added sound effects to the incinerator.
Miscellaneous
Added new accessories. One of the new accessories has a bonus feature attached to it! Can you find it?
Updated the teacher's voiced lines.
Reverted title screen music.
2:35 AM Update
Fixed bug that would cause the game to freeze after getting caught by a teacher.
Fixed bug that would prevent the player from drowning the purple-haired girl.
Fixed bug that would prevent the gym doors from opening.
Removed the “blast off” feature, because I never programmed in a method for returning to Earth after leaving the planet.
This is still a huge problem for me, and I encourage you to read it if you are considering contacting me about anything at all.
Blog Post Tomorrow!
Tomorrow, I will be making a blog post aimed at past, present, and future volunteers. If you've contributed to Yandere Simulator in the past, or if you're considering contributing in the future, you'll definitely want to read tomorrow's blog post!
Before they started writing chart-topping love songs about their famous boyfriends, this country bumpkin was already singing sappy tunes on stage at a very young age.
The chubby-cheeked cutie in the floral prairie dress is none other than an 11-year-old Taylor Swift when they starred as Kim McAfee in the musical Bye Bye Birdie in their hometown of Wyomissing, Penn.
“She was so friendly during rehearsals,” their co-star told Celebuzz. “She was definitely well liked and the star of the group. They had a bubbly personality and was always laughing and joking.”
Them on-stage co-crooner played Swifty's first fictional boyfriend in the 2001 performance with the Berks Youth Theatre Academy. And the two young thespians were such a convincing couple they went on to star in four musicals together during their small town days.
“She started taking guitar lessons and songwriting at that young age,” added their co-star. “I heard they were sending demo tapes to Nashville when they were just 12-years-old.
“I could tell they were bound for bigger and better things.”
That's for sure. The 22-year-old has gone from small town girl to big time success with six Grammy Awards and a Golden Globe nomination under their belt.
Take a look at TSwift during their early days before Nashville came calling in the CB! gallery above.
Pervs always seem to live near gathering places for kids.
Jerry Sandusky, the former Penn State defensive coordinator, lived in a home next door to an elementary school.
And school bus stops seem to be another place that attracts unsavory people.
Several parents called deputies to report a naked man yanking on their junk in their Panama City yard as they watched kids at a nearby bus stop, according to a news release from the Bay County Sheriff's Office.
Deputies believe the man, identified as Richard Allen Smith. 54, intentionally exposed their genitals in their yard. Smith only stopped their lewd behavior after a parent had arrived at the bus stop and told them they were calling the cops, at which time they went into their garage and shut the door, according to the report.
Smith was charged with Lewd and Lascivious Exhibition with a victim under the age of 16 and Indecent Exposure.
More FloriDUH
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
In losing to the Boston Bruins 6-2 Thursday night at the MTS Centre, the Jets fell to 0-20-2 in games they trailed after 40 minutes.
The Winnipeg Jets do enough good things to be competitive on most nights, but when they fall behind, it hasn't been pretty.
They just haven't had it in them.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 11/2/2016 (1111 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 11/2/2016 (1111 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
They just haven't had it in them.
The Winnipeg Jets do enough good things to be competitive on most nights, but when they fall behind, it hasn't been pretty.
In losing to the Boston Bruins 6-2 Thursday night at the MTS Centre, the Jets fell to 0-20-2 in games they trailed after 40 minutes.
Pastrnak goal
This one was 3-2 for Boston through two periods, and the Bruins put the nail in the result with David Pastrnak's two-on-one goal just 35 seconds into the third.
That left the Jets, along with the sad-sack Toronto Maple Leafs, as the only teams in the NHL this season without a win when trailing after two periods.
"I thought we did a lot of good things in the first and second period, but we came out in the third and looked tentative," said Jets defenceman Tyler Myers. "We can't play like that if we want to come back. They got the first one in the third, and we're caught chasing, and it's tough to come back like that.
"We've struggled in that area for sure. It feels like a lot of games we're down one or down two and we can't seem to find a way to get that next goal... and when you start playing that chasing game, it's tough to come back."
That chasing game is taking its toll.
With Jimmy Hayes' empty-net goal for Boston Thursday, the Jets have given up 16 of those this season, tied for the NHL lead with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
JOHN WOODS / THE CANDIAN PRESS Winnipeg Jets' Nikolaj Ehlers (27) gets clipped by a high stick from Boston Bruins' Jimmy Hayes (11) during second period NHL action in Winnipeg on Thursday, February 11, 2016.
It indicates a lot of catch-up hockey.
"We didn't generate enough offence to think of coming back," said Jets coach Paul Maurice, whose team had just six shots on goal over the final 30 minutes of Thursday's game.
"The first shift of the third period, we hit our own guy in the head, and it's down and in our net, and that was the life going out of your building after that."
Marked contrast
Added Jets centre Bryan Little, who had scored in the first period: "That goal early in the third kind of killed us.
"We were ready to come out, but to get down by two at the start, that's not easy, and obviously we're not doing great with the empty net right now.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
"When the game was tight, they made the right plays to get the win."
All of that was a marked contrast to the first 30 minutes for the Jets, who piled up 30 shots on Boston goalie Tuukka Rask in that time.
"The simplest thing is they got faster, and we got slower," Maurice said. "At the end of the day, we couldn't get to a puck, we couldn't come out with the puck, and when we did, we couldn't move it quick enough.
"I don't have an answer for you as to why that changes.
AFTERBURNERS: The Bruins were starting a six-game road trip on Thursday and evened their two-game series this season with the Jets at one each... Everyone in the Jets lineup was a minus Thursday night save for the fourth line of Andrew Copp, Chris Thorburn and Alex Burmistrov, who were all evens.
tim.campbell@freepress.mb.ca
AVROTROS, the Dutch national broadcaster will decide who will represent the Netherlands at the Eurovision Song Contest 2017 in October.
Omroep Brabant reports that a decision on who will be representing the Netherlands at the 62nd Eurovision Song Contest in Kyiv, Ukraine will be taken in early October. Daniel Dekker the Dutch commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest and the man behind the representative decision told Omroep Brabant that:
It's a big difference from previous years, when we were lucky if we had one artist name found. Now we have the luxury that we can choose from several great artists. We can make a strategic choice,
One of the names that has been floated as a possible participant are the group O'G3NE. The group has been rumored as a potential entrant since May and have previous experience at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest.
For the past four years the Netherlands has internally selected both the singer and the song who will represent them at the Eurovision Song Contest. The change in the selection process has seen the country make the final three out of the past four years and interest in the contest reach a new high in the Netherlands.
Source: Omroep Brabant
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As amateur footage appears to show recent protests in Homs, the BBC's Jim Muir says Syrians are frightened but still intend to protest on Friday
An adviser to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has promised government forces will not fire on protests planned for Friday, an opposition leader says.
Louay al-Husein told the BBC they and other opposition leaders had been in talks with adviser Buthaina Shabaan to negotiate an end to the crisis.
Reports say tanks and soldiers are already gathering in some cities.
Thousands of people may have been detained in Syria since protests began in March, the Red Cross says.
Mr Assad's government insists it is pursuing "armed terrorist gangs".
Mr Husein, who was detained at the start of the unrest but freed a few days later, said Ms Shabaan had told the opposition that security forces had been given strict orders not to fire on crowds on Friday.
Ms Shabaan also said talks to end the crisis would continue next week, Mr Husein added.
It seems they are getting ready for tomorrow Resident, Homs Syrian voice: 'I am always scared'
Some reports suggested security forces were being deployed in cities where protests are expected on Friday.
In the central city of Homs, a resident told AP news agency that soldiers had set up sand barriers with machine guns perched on top, and said that three tanks were still in the area.
"It seems they are getting ready," they told AP.
Syrian soldiers and tanks also surrounded the city of Hama, the news agency reported.
The International Committee of the Red Cross says it fears hundreds and perhaps thousands of people in Syria have been detained by security forces during the recent unrest.
Beatrice Roggo, the Red Cross head of operations in the Middle East and North Africa, told the BBC that lack of information about the exact number of detainees held by the authorities was a great concern.
Ms Roggo also appealed to the Syrian government to allow the Red Cross access to all parts of the country where people were in need.
Meanwhile, government forces continue to arrest democracy campaigners in several cities, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) said.
The SOHR said security forces arrested dozens of people on Thursday in Banias and the neighbouring villages of al-Bayda and al-Qariri.
Lawyer Jalal Kindo was among those detained in Baniyas, where security forces have been searching out protest organisers, the London-based group said.
Prominent rights campaigner Najati Tayara was meanwhile arrested in Homs, the Syrian Centre for the Defence of Prisoners of Conscience said.
On Wednesday, 18 people were reportedly killed as tanks shelled Homs and clashes were reported in towns and villages around Deraa, where the protests began.
Security forces also broke up a rare demonstration in Aleppo, Syria's second largest city, involving thousands of students, witnesses said.
The SOHR says 647 civilians have been killed since pro-democracy protests began on 18 March. Another rights group, Sawasiah, says more than 800 civilians have died.
Officials dispute the civilian toll and say about 100 soldiers have died.
SAN DIEGO – War correspondent Robert Young Pelton approached Erik Prince, founder of the notorious mercenary company Blackwater, with a bold proposal in late 2004. Pelton, a veteran who's covered more than a dozen conflicts, wanted to ride along for a month with the toughest for-profit soldiers in Prince's outfit, in what was then the most dangerous place in the world: Route Irish, the 12-mile stretch of highway connecting Baghdad's airport to the Green Zone, the fortified neighborhood surrounding the U.S. embassy.
In exchange for unprecedented access, Pelton would tell the real story of Blackwater's security contractors, men that Pelton and their co-writer Billy Tucci later described as being "attacked by terrorists, hated by the media [and] loved by the troops and the men they protected."
Pelton's upcoming graphic novel The Blackwater Chronicles is the result. Based on Pelton's book Licensed to Kill and co-written by Pelton and Tucci, with pencils by Tucci and colors by Brian Miller, The Blackwater Chronicles is a gritty, unflinching portrait of hard men in a hard place at a moment in history that most Americans would probably prefer to forget. Wired met up with Tucci at Comic-Con International for a preview of the graphic novel, slated for a 2013 release.
Page 1 of The Blackwater Chronicles announces itself in no-bullshit terms. A man with piercing blue eyes scowls from underneath a military-style helmet. He's sitting in the cupola of an armored vehicle with one gloved hand resting on a pintle-mounted machine gun.
paints a gritty portrait of military contractors. Art courtesy Billy Tucci
The sun is hot and high over their shoulder. He's kitted up for combat but their facial hair and civilian clothes hint that he's no typical soldier, rather a contractor hired at great expense to reinforce an overwhelmed U.S. military. The man's scowl, powerfully rendered in Tucci's expert pencils and Miller's subtle colors, speaks to terrible, unspoken experiences.
Two panels down, something reflects in the goggles attached to the man's helmet: mutilated bodies dangling from a highway overpass – an obvious reference to the 2004 killing of four Blackwater employees by insurgents in Fallujah, Iraq. Their burned corpses were hung from an overpass as a statement of terror.
What follows these striking panels is like combat documentary in comics form. It begins with Pelton, who narrates and appears as a character, meeting the Blackwater team tasked with escorting American personnel along the deadly Route Irish, the target of 17 bombings per week in 2004. The hellish vision in the contractor's goggles tell us where the story will end.
The Blackwater squad at the heart of Pelton's comic book is typical of the tens of thousands of private military contractors who have fought alongside U.S. troops in Iraq, Afghanistan and other conflict zones since 9/11.
"What a rogue's gallery," Tucci tells Wired. "You got some real great guys, some not-so-great guys and some real bad guys."
But they're all complicated human beings caught up in a complicated war, says Tucci, who interviewed many of the men they drew in The Blackwater Chronicles. Tucci, whom Pelton describes as a "major researcher," manages to capture the mercenaries' complex motives in their detailed art and naturalistic dialog.
They rib each other over botched haircuts and their Rambo-style combat gear. They bitch about the military's strict rules. They talk big before a mission but, once they're driving down Route Irish facing the statistical likelihood of an attack, their tones change.
"I hate this fucking road," one contractor mutters, cigarette burning itself to the filter between their lips.
Tucci says they were surprised how willing the contractors were to talk about even their worst experiences. "Some have been blown up, seen guys get killed, been shot up – a lot have been shot ... what struck me is how open they are about it," they say.
But many Americans, soured on the seemingly endless reports of atrocities committed by U.S. troops and contractors, don't want to hear about mercenaries' humanity. The Blackwater Chronicles is still months away from publication, and already Tucci is drawing flak: He's been accused of creating pro-Blackwater propaganda.
>"A lot of people don't want to put a human face on Blackwater."
"A lot of people don't want to put a human face on Blackwater," Tucci says. "A lot of people don't want to know what their government does."
For their part, Pelton welcomes the pushback. "Artists should challenge people's perceptions," they tell Wired by e-mail.
By that standard and others, The Blackwater Chronicles excels. At a time when comics are still dominated by busty babes, zombies and superheroes wearing tights, Pelton and Tucci's gritty, journalistic portrayal of America's fighters-for-hire is a profound departure.
Which is not to say it's not also exciting, funny and simply gorgeous to look at. Buy this book. Learn something about America's wars that might make you a little uncomfortable. Way less uncomfortable, however, than a man encased in armor, riding along a highway primed to explode, doing their country's dirty work for a paycheck.
Borussia Dortmund striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang believes Bayern Munich will surrender their Bundesliga title this season and hopes their side can be there to take advantage of any slip-ups.
The reigning champions have dominated the German top flight over recent seasons, with Dortmund the last side to buck that trend with back-to-back titles in 2011 and 2012.
As Dortmund struggled through last season en route to a seventh-placed finish, Wolfsburg and Borussia Monchengladbach saw Bundesliga bids fall away as Pep Guardiola's side proved a cut above.
However, with leaders Dortmund claiming maximum points from their opening four matches this term, Aubameyang made a bold assertion regarding the title race.
"We have started the season well. Although everybody knows that Bayern are favourites, as I said, and I am probably the only one thinking this and others don't, I think that Bayern won't win the league this season," they said.
"At least this is what I think. But we have to keep up for the whole season and then we'll see how the season will shape up at the end.
"I think that we have started very well. It's good that we have managed to achieve this winning streak. We'll have to continue playing as we know and try to win."
Aubameyang already has five league goals to their name this season, having been given a prominent attacking role under new coach Thomas Tuchel at Signal Iduna Park.
"I want to score 20 goals in the Bundesliga this season," they added.
"That's a target I want to achieve. I have a bet with the coach so I will give it my all in order to achieve this goal because I want to improve.
"It's not really a bet but at the end of the season I will show you something. I will have something to show but only at the end of the season.
"[Tuchel] has managed to make me feel at ease from day one. They give me the confidence I need. They talk to me a lot. We speak in English but it's good for me to talk with him.
"We have many exchanges and we work a lot on this, on the videos and we do all this kind of things."
From the redwood-lined ridges of the Pacific Northwest comes the Sasquatch Brigade. Carrying out the Bigfoot Patrol mission to discover hairy cryptids across the globe, the Sasquatch Brigade membership kit is a paranormal passport to cryptozoological exploration and adventure in deep, dark forests! Or maybe it's just a really elaborate, limited edition artist-created merchandise-based art project — you decide!
For this campaign, the central goal is to get the #3 embroidered patch in the "Bigfoot Patrol" series made: Sasquatch Brigade! It completes the "Hairy Ape-Man Trilogy", joining the Bigfoot Patrol and Yeti Squad embroidered patches and kits — both Kickstarter-backed projects.
These patches are perfect for your backpack or sleeping bag (popular with scouting and camping enthusiasts). You kids will love these more than you will (yes, you can order more than one!), and if they are in the Boy Scouts or Girls Scouts, these are a superb addition to the patch collection as I've been told by many happy customers/fans of the original Bigfoot Patrol and Yeti Squad patches.
And all patches offered in the campaign can be upgraded to Velcro hook-and-loop backing, as well as magnetic, pin and button loop backings!
Sasquatch Brigade Membership Kit items (not to scale).
The Rewards: Sasquatch Brigade Membership Kit
The embroidered patch will ship as part of a new Sasquatch Brigade "membership kit" which includes the Sasquatch Brigade embroidered patch (2.8" x 3"), a 1" Sasquatch-themed pin, and a Sasquatch Brigade membership card.
Below are photos of the actual products from the previous Bigfoot and Yeti campaigns:
"Bigfoot Patrol" embroidered patch.
"Bigfoot Patrol" Membership Kit items.
"Bigfoot Patrol" Membership Kit, assembled with header card.
"Yeti Squad" embroidered patch close-up
"Yeti Squad" Membership Kit
The Rewards:
See the "Add-Ons" section below for getting multiple kits or patches, including the Bigfoot and Yeti merchandise from earlier campaigns.
And you can upgrade your patch backing to Velcro/hook-and-loop, pin, magnet or button loop for only 50¢ extra per patch! More details in the FAQ here and here. More details on the various patch backings (with photos) in the 5/17/2015 project update.
You can also add a Yeti silhouette patch to your pledge for $5 ($5.50 with custom backing).
Some of the pledge reward items for the "Yeti Squad" campaign.
Stretch Goals (All 10 Unlocked!!!)
My aim with the stretch goals is to first get window clings and stickers made for Sasquatch Brigade, then the Sasquatch silhouette items (stickers and patches) made, and then from there fill out the earlier Bigfoot and Yeti kits with the badge stickers, and then the Bigfoot silhouette and patches for the Bigfoot Patrol.
Stretch Goal #1 ($1,100): Sasquatch Brigade window cling — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #2 ($1,250): Sasquatch Brigade die-cut sticker — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #3 ($1,400): Sasquatch silhouette die-cut sticker — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #4 ($1,700): Sasquatch silhouette embroidered patches — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #5 ($1,850): Bigfoot Patrol badge die-cut sticker — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #6 ($2,000): Yeti Squad badge die-cut sticker — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #7 ($2,150): Bigfoot silhouette die-cut sticker — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #8 ($2,450): Bigfoot silhouette embroidered patches — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #9 ($7,500): "Silver Sasquatch" silhouette embroidered patches with silver metallic thread — UNLOCKED!
Stretch Goal #10 ($10,000): "Goldfoot" Bigfoot silhouette embroidered patches with gold metallic thread — UNLOCKED!
The above items will all be included for free if you pledge at a $20 reward level or higher and we meet those dollar amounts with total pledges! And yes, you can increase your pledge to take advantage of this!
"Bigfoot Patrol" & "Yeti Squad" window clings
Add-Ons
Below is a quick list of the available add ons and pricing:
- Velcro patch backing: 50¢ per patch
- Yeti silhouette embroidered patch: $5.00 (with Velcro: $5.50) each
- Bigfoot Patrol or Yeti Squad window clings: $3.00 each
- Yeti silhouette die-cut sticker: $3.00 each
- Additional embroidered patches: $5.00 (with Velcro: $5.50) each
- Additional kits: $10.00 each
If you want any of the above items, just calculate the amount based on the pricing above, and add that to the total pledge amount in addition to the amount of the reward package you've chosen.
If you want the complete package of everything offered, choose the Trilogy Ultra-Package or Trilogy Ultra-Package + Custom Backing.
Multiple Items: Add-Ons
In previous campaigns, there was a lot of interest in obtaining multiple patches, buttons/pins and/or multiple kits. The best way to handle this via Kickstarter is with add-on purchases. The way it works is simple: just add the amount of the extra items you want to your pledge. For example, if you want one kit and three additional patches, just add $15 ($5 for 3 patches) to your $10 pledge (membership kit reward level) and when the campaign ends, the wrap-up survey will ask you what add-ons you want.
Add-on pricing is simple: $5 for a patch, $10 for a Membership Kit. Pins and Cards are only available in the Membership Kits.
You can order up to 10 of each per Kickstarter's rules.
Bigfoot Patrol & Yeti Squad Add-Ons
For those of you who may have missed out on the earlier campaigns, but want to get yourself a set of the Bigfoot and Yeti merch, you are in luck!
As part of an incentive to fund this campaign, you can order Bigfoot Patrol and Yeti Squad kits as an add-on to any pledge.
Add-on pricing is simple: $5 for a patch, $10 for a membership kit. Pins and Cards are only available in the Membership Kits.
You can order up to 10 of each per Kickstarter's rules. Feel free to mix and match Bigfoot or Yeti items. Get extras, fill missing slots.
Velcro Backing Add-On
Want to add a Velcro hook-and-loop backing to your patch? Just add 50¢ per patch to your pledge amount. All patches are eligible for this upgrade, including the silhouette stretch goal patches and the Bigfoot Patrol and Yeti Squad shield patches.
Perfect for morale patches, either for you or someone you know in the military.
There are also pin, magnet and button loop backing upgrades available. More details in the 5/17/2105 project update.
"Yeti Squad" Yeti silhouette embroidered patch.
Testimonials
Check out these testimonials for the previous "Bigfoot Patrol" and "Yeti Squad" embroidered patch and membership kit rewards:
"This is one of the most awesome projects I've backed on Kickstarter. The various items are exceptionally well designed and all are very well made. I can't wait to frame the prints and get the patch seen on my backpack!" — John F.
"I backed the Yeti Squad patch as well as the Bigfoot Patrol patch. Both high quality items! The artist was quick to answer questions and was extremely helpful when I wanted to get extra patches for my hiking backpack as well as my friend's pack. Great quality and wonderfully unique items, I'm looking forward to hopefully more mythical creature patches by the same artist (Nessie, sirens, unicorn, phoenix, etc. )" — Danielle P.
"Man those Bigfoot packages are really great. So exciting to get this today. I can't wait to give one to my buddy. He's gonna really like it. He's a huge Bigfoot buff.The badge looks even better than I thought it would. The detail is awesome." — John W.
"Received the Bigfoot Patrol kits today! Very awesome results. I'm pumped to show off my membership. Thanks and good luck!!" — Tony P.
"Hey I got the stuff! Super cool. Nice quality too. Very nice. Great work George. Just great man. Outstanding." — Scott L.
"Got mine today. Wow, they're sweet! Great job, George!" — JT
"Awesome stuff. As I thought the kids love the kit. Everything turned out awesome. Thanks!" — Todd H.
"The quality of the kit is top notch, George. The embroidered patch detail is impressive." — Jenna R.
"Just wanted to tell you I got my reward yesterday. The artwork is awesome and the patches look amazing. Looking forward to project #3 when you are ready (no rush, just wanted to let you know I am in when you are ready)." — Ted B.
"I was impressed with how nice the Yeti patch looked!" — Jim M.
"Fantastic art and quality. I backed the two previous kickstarters and have been extremely happy with them." — Diane S.
"I had no idea what to expect from the Yeti Squad patches, but man did they turn out sharp!! Crisp details and great quality! The thread was even above expectations. Normally you wouldn't care about some of these small details in patches purchased at a retail level. This just shows the effort and care George put into their product." — Michael M.
"All items present and correct. Everything was top quality. Really happy and looking forward to the Sasquatch Brigade. Shipping to the UK was fast too! Great job George!" — Stewart C.
"Highly detailed, quality patch. Very satisfied!" —Brad B.
---
Future Patches, Kits & Plans
There are quite a few hairy ape-men creatures across the globe, and I am planning on patches for them in the coming months. The next group will be the Skunk Ape, Grassman and Yowie.
I've also been hard at creating the artwork to expand the lineup of paranormal creatures and other cryptids for future patches, patch sets and kits. Nessie, UFOs/Aliens, the Jersery Devil, Mothman, Chupacabra to name just a few.
A ghost-themed kit is also in the works, as well as a Cthulhu set for you H.P. Lovecraft fans. Did I mention Halloween and monsters? Those too.
Backers will always be the first to know about new campaigns as well as the inside scoop on launch day and time to best take advantage of early bird items.
Manufacturing of the items plays a big factor in all of this, so until I have the details a bit more in place I can't say what camping theme is next.
Thank You
Special thanks to our Internet Troops spreading the word:
Cryptomundo • Forces Of Geek • Little Chimp Society • Sugar Frosted Goodness • Bigfoot Daily
Kicking It Forward supporter — eligible Kickstarter funds are used to make the next campaign happen.
Stay In Touch
Future updates on "Sasquatch Brigade" will be available over on the "Sasquatch Brigade" page on my website, and I'll be sharing updates on future Kickstarter campaigns and related art projects on my email list. I've got a lot of fun projects and campaigns lined up for the near future, and my email list will be the first to find out about them — as well as launch dates and times to get first dibs on limited Early Bird rewards, discounts and more. And of course, exclusive sneak peeks at the artwork for new campaigns and other projects I am working on.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The new starting quarterback of the Kansas City Chiefs is a former first-round draft pick on a one-year deal whose career thus far has been a disappointment.
Their backup is a team captain whose long-term contract made them the face of the franchise.
Chiefs coach Romeo Crennel announced Monday that Brady Quinn will be under center when the Chiefs play Oakland on Sunday, and Matt Cassel will serve as the backup for the foreseeable future after struggling mightily through the first five games of the season.
"I felt like the most impactful move I could make to get everybody's attention was to change the quarterback," Crennel said. "I think that will get everybody's attention, and hopefully that impacts the team because the quarterback position is the one that has the spotlight on him."
Crennel said they informed both quarterbacks they were making a change Monday morning. The rest of the team learned of the move shortly before practice.
"Look, I'm excited about the opportunity," Quinn said. "There's always pressure, but pressure is what you make of it. As a quarterback in this league, you're used to it."
The acquisition of Cassel in a trade with New England was the first major move that Chiefs general manager Scott Pioli made after taking the job in Kansas City. Their second was to sign Cassel to a $63 million, six-year deal that still has two years remaining.
Quinn is playing on a one-year deal worth $1.5 million.
"Am I going to say I'm happy about the situation? Absolutely not. I'm frustrated," Cassel said after practice. "But at the same time, I'm a team captain on this team. I care about this team and again, as we move forward, I'm a big boy. I'm not going to hang my head. I'm going to do what I've always done, which is work hard -- work tremendously hard."
Quinn started for the first time since 2009 in a loss at Tampa Bay two weeks ago, when Cassel was still feeling the effects of a concussion sustained the previous week against Baltimore.
Crennel said at the time they aren't planning to make a permanent move, but they reconsidered after spending the bye week evaluating both quarterbacks, and coming to the realization that Kansas City desperately needed a spark following a 1-5 start.
"I'm not saying Matt Cassel is the reason we are where we are," Crennel said. "We need to coach better and we need to play better, and if we do those things, we can be better, but my biggest deal was my gut was telling me we need to impact that team by changing that dynamic."
Cassel, who missed the end of last season with a hand injury, hasn't been nearly as good as they were two years ago, when they led the Chiefs to the AFC West title and was voted to the Pro Bowl.
LOS ANGELES (KTLA) — A new bill proposes extending alcohol service until 4 a.m. in California — two hours later than is currently allowed by law.
State Sen. Mark Leno has proposed a bill that would give local communities the option of letting restaurants, bars and nightclubs serve alcohol into the wee hours.
The bill does not apply to liquor stores.
The goal is to let California cities compete with the likes of New York, Chicago and Las Vegas, where closing time extends into the early morning.
Under the plan, cities could submit a plan to the California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control.
According to Leno, later drinking hours would be beneficial for job creation, tourism and local tax revenue.
But residents and bar owners have some mixed reviews on the bill.
And law enforcement might not be on board with the change either, becasue later bar hours could mean more late night headaches.
The beverage service hours legislation is set to go before a policy committee this month.
After months of troubles reported by New York City's bikeshare, it seems that Citi Bike has finally charted a path towards success. It's going to be more expensive, but will offer improved service and more bikes. But here's the change that will make all the difference: Citi Bike will get a new leader—one who used to run the city's transit authority.
First, the news announced yesterday was that Alta, the company that has been running Citi Bike (and other bikeshares, with some financial difficulty), has been acquired by a brand-new corporation. Bikeshare Holdings LLC is headed by the fitness chain Equinox with investment from developer Related Companies. Citibank will still fund the program through 2024.
Advertisement
With this new infusion of cash, the number of stations will double to 700 stations and 12,000 bikes by 2017, with the system reaching into currently underserved neighborhoods in Brooklyn and Queens. All the existing bikes will be given a tuneup before being returned to service. Here's the only potential bad news: An annual pass will go up—way up—from $95 to $149. People who live in affordable housing can get a pass for $60.
But there's one more change that is poised to transform Citi Bike—and dramatically change the role of the bikeshare service in the city. The new Citi Bike boss is a man named Jay Walder, former chief of New York's MTA who resigned in 2011 to go work for Hong Kong's transit authority. Before that they were at Transport for London, where they were credited for bringing the city's transit system into the 21st century.
Under Walder's leadership, Citi Bike also plans to add a chief of technology, which would bring some of their already impressive algorithmic and data-mining work to the forefront. And they also hinted that the system is finally going to do something about the confusing checkout procedure and broken kiosks that results in a degraded user experience.
Advertisement
The implications around Walder's tenure could provide an important distinction from the way that bikeshare is treated in many cities. The fact that these systems are privately managed and funded, and not under the jurisdiction of public transit authorities, is what contributes to their operational woes, but also creates a larger perception that bikeshare is more for fun or recreation, instead of a viable way to get around town.
NYC's system still remains vulnerable to the whims of private ownership (and the vitality of a bank), but Walder brings a de facto transit authority perspective. Not only will they bring years of experience running three of the largest and most successful transit systems in the world, he'll be approaching Citi Bike as a systemic, citywide transportation solution.
A bikeshare should be as critical to a city's transportation infrastructure as a subway, bus, or sidewalk. It's high time that New York's system starts acting like it. Let's hope that this is the start of a new era for bikeshare across the country. [Streetsblog]
Advertisement
Educate Together has criticised comments by the president of a school managers' body who said dismantling the Catholic ethos of schools would leave children in danger of “nihilism and self-harm”.
On Thursday, Fr Paul Connell, president of the Joint Managerial Body, which represents the boards of management of two-thirds of secondary schools, said Catholic schools played a vital role in helping young people grow in faith.
“ The alternative is a vacuum that can express itself in nihilism and the growing phenomenon in our schools of self-harm,” they said.
Educate Together, an equality-based patron body for 80 schools, said the comments were “deeply offensive” and not supported by any “credible research”.
“Educate Together sincerely hopes Fr Connell will reflect on how their spurious assertions regarding self-harm and nihilism are unhelpful to young people of all ‘traditions' and in all types of school,” the patron body said in a statement.
“To suggest that students attending an equality-based secondary school would be more prone to such negativity is totally unfounded and unacceptable.”
There is an interesting interview in Barron's with two hedge fund managers called Shorting the Economic Recovery.
The fund managers who correctly predicted the housing collapse and the rise in gold, now predict the economy's next leg down. The second theme in the article is on capitalism, fractional reserve lending and what the government should have done.
Here are some interesting interview snips pertaining to capitalism and fractional reserve lending. The rest of the article is by subscription only.
PERHAPS ONE OF THE greatest failings in the run-up to the financial meltdown was a lack of perspective -- an inability by many market participants to see the big picture. Not so with Kevin Duffy and Bill Laggner, principals of the Dallas-based hedge fund Bearing Asset Management. With the help of their proprietary credit-bubble index, developed in 2004, the managers sounded early warnings on housing and credit excesses, and capitalized handsomely on their forecasts by shorting Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, money-center banks and brokers, builders, mortgage insurers and the like.
Students of the Austrian school of economics, which espouses a free-market philosophy that ascribes business-cycle booms and busts to government meddling with interest rates, the pair is solidly in the contrarian camp, believing that the worst for the markets may be yet to come.
Barron's : You've said that perhaps the most redeeming feature of capitalism is failure. Please explain.
Duffy : Any healthy system needs a way to correct error and remove waste. Nature has extinction, the economy has loss, bankruptcy, liquidation. Interfering in this process lengthens feedback loops. Error and waste are allowed to accumulate, and you ultimately get a massive collapse.
Capitalism is primarily attacked by two groups: utopians who wish to impose a more "compassionate" system, and political capitalists who want to enjoy the fruits of success without bearing the pain of failure. They use the coercion of the state to gain privileges, at the expense of everyone else.
As a country we've become less tolerant of economic failure. The result has been a series of interventions, such as meddling in the credit markets, promoting homeownership and creating a variety of safety nets for investors. Each crisis leads to an even greater crisis. The solution is always greater doses of intervention. So the system becomes increasingly unstable. The interventionists never see the bust coming, then blame it on "capitalism."
Barron's : What would you have done differently as the credit bubble was bursting and the Fed and the Treasury were declaring that the world would come to an end without an $800 billion bailout package?
Duffy : Allow those who essentially bet wrongly to fail, instead of bailing out people with friends in high places.
Barron's : What about the argument that a financial panic would have ensued and crushed the little guy?
Duffy : The little guy actually has been crushed. The little guy is always going to be the last one in the soup line. So they will get a bone tossed to him, like cash for clunkers. But if you are Goldman Sachs or if you have got essentially the red bat-phone to Washington, D.C., you are first in line.
Laggner : There is still a multi-trillion dollar shadow banking system that FASB [the Financial Accounting Standards Board] wants to address next year. The central planners have already spent $3.15 trillion on various bailouts, credit backstops, guarantees, etc., and given approximately $17.5 trillion of government commitments, etc., while allowing many of these institutions to remain in place, with the same people running them.
Barron's : What else could have been done?
Laggner : We could have isolated the money centers and put them in temporary receivership. Then, we could have created -- with a mere $100 billion -- a thousand community banks. If you believe in fractional reserve lending [in which banks lend multiples of their deposits], something we don't support, they could have created a trillion dollars in new credit that would have flowed to small and medium-sized businesses. Those are the parts of the economy that are choking.
Barron's : What kind of financial reform would you like to see?
Laggner : We don't believe in a central bank. The idea that banks can speculate with essentially free money from the [Federal Reserve], which ultimately is the taxpayer, and that when they lose money the Fed bails them out and then passes that invoice to the taxpayer -- that whole model is broken and needs to go away.
Duffy : To get to the heart of the problem, we need to address fractional-reserve banking, which is causing the instability. We have essentially socialized deposit insurance and prevented the bank run, which used to impose discipline on this unstable system. At least it had some check on those who were acting most recklessly. Until we address the root of the problem, we are going to have a series of crises, greater responses and intervention, and more bubbles -- and the system will keep perpetuating itself.
Misguided Blaming Of Capitalism
The interventionists never see the bust coming, then blame it on "capitalism."
Fractional Reserve Lending Disaster
Excess Reserve Recap
1) Lending comes first and what little reserves there are (if any) come later.
2) There really are no excess reserves.
3) Not only are there no excess reserves, there are essentially no reserves to speak of at all. Indeed, bank reserves are completely "fictional".
4) Banks are capital constrained not reserve constrained.
5) Banks aren't lending because there are few creditworthy borrowers worth the risk.
ANKARA, Turkey – Some 3,000 people in Turkey are linked to the Islamic State (ISIS), according to a police intelligence report, which warns of possible attacks and bombings by “sleeper cells,” the Hurriyet daily reported.
The police report says that the suspected ISIS sleepers should be placed under surveillance to determine whether or not they are active, the daily quotes sources as saying.
“The security measures for the consulates and assets of Western states have been raised to a maximum level with additional forces deployed. The new measures include patrol groups in addition to existing static security points,” Hurriyet said.
Two separate attacks in Istanbul in November 2003 that were claimed by al-Qaeda left 57 people dead and hundreds wounded.
Hurriyet reported that an “urgent” notice has been sent out to security forces, warning of new attacks following deadly attacks on the satire magazine Charlie Hebdo and a kosher supermarket in Paris, which claimed 17 lives along with those of the three attackers.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said this week that up to 700 Turkish nationals have joined ISIS, posing a security threat to Turkey when they return.
“Nearly 500-700 Turkish citizens have joined ISIS in Syria and Iraq and this poses a security threat when those radicals return to Turkey,” they told reporters. “Therefore, we are anxious,” they said.
They said that Turkey has prevented 7,250 people from joining up with ISIS through Turkish borders and authorities deported 1,160 foreign nationals, who came to Turkey to join ISIS, back to their countries.
Ankara has been blamed by anti-ISIS organizations, mainly Kurdish politicians and MPs in Turkey, for reportedly facilitating travel by foreign jihadis into Turkey.
Foreign governments have asked Turkey to tighten its borders and stop suspected jihadis from joining ISIS in neighboring Syria.
Turkey has always denied accusations of allowing Islamic militants to cross into Syria for jihad. Ankara has acknowledged, however, that Hayat Boumedienne, a suspect wanted in connection with last week's deadly attacks in Paris, had escaped across the Turkish border into Syria.
Advertisement
It was a final that may not live long in the memory for the quality of football on display.
But the culmination of Euro 2016 may well be remembered for an unusual pitch invasion during the game between hosts France and Portugal when moths swarmed the Stade de France stadium in Paris.
Players and supporters were forced to duck for cover as thousands of moths swarmed across the pitch prior to kick-off.
A despondent Cristiano Ronaldo goes down with their match-ending injury, only for a moth to land on theirs face. The invasion of the insects at the Stade de France in Paris was a result of staff leaving floodlights on overnight
English referee Mark Clattenburg (right) speaks to former official Pierluigi Collina as the swarm of moths invades the pitch
The swarm was attracted to the Stade de France after ground staff left the floodlights on overnight. Pictured are moths on the goalposts
Portugal defender Pepe swats away a moth ahead of the final against France on Sunday. Their side went on to win the game 1-0
English referee Mark Clattenburg could be seen swatting the bugs away while they carried out their normal pre-match inspection of the playing surface.
And during the game, Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo had a moth land on their face as cameras focused on them suffering a game-ending knee injury.
Before the tie, the players from both sides had to endure a difficult warm-up on the pitch as the moths took over the playing surface during the run up to the match.
The emergence of the swarm appears to be part of an embarrassing blunder by the ground staff at the stadium who, according to BBC presenter Gary Lineker, left the floodlights on during Sunday night which attracted the insects during humid conditions.
'We're not the only ones who want a particular flutter on this game as there's been a moth infestation at the Stade de France,' the former England striker joked during the BBC's coverage of the final on Sunday night.
France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris is plagued by one of the moths as they watch the play in the final against Portugal
France manager Didier Deschamps attempts to rid themselves of insects during the pre-match build up
The invasion of insects will have come as an unwanted distraction to both teams ahead of the crucial match
Collina shows their disgust as moths swarm across the pitch at the Stade de France prior to kick-off
Clattenburg and their fellow match officials are surrounded by the moths during the pre-match pitch inspection
'They're all over the place, apparently they left the lights on last night and it's not been well received. There are thousands of the things, they're currently trying to do something about it.
'They need footballs and mothballs this evening it seems. Hopefully they clear them before they get round to kicking off.'
Fans used Twitter to express their surprise and delight at the invasion, with some fans suggesting Iceland's iconic post-match celebration was in fact just an attempt to swat the moths.
One, Michelle Sammett, said: 'The first are already leaving the stadium disappointed.'
Another fan, Tom Suttcliffe, said: 'If the moths got a bit organised they could win this. But they're all over the place.' There were also suggestions a vacuum cleaner was used to remove some of the creatures from each side's technical area.
If the moths got a bit organised they could win this. But they're all over the place. — Tom Sutcliffe (@tds153) July 10, 2016
When moths attack. A vacuum cleaner in each technical area to gather up the plague of moths pic.twitter.com/UmwLyiW67i — Graham Dunbar (@gdunbarap) July 10, 2016
Moths were everywhere before, during and after the game with some pictured by a tournament ball, left, and others on a cone (right)
A close-up of one of the moths, which has come to rest on a piece of broadcast equipment at the Stade de France
The pre-match invasion will be an unwanted distraction to both sides ahead of the most important game of the tournament.
Hosts France were beaten in the final by Portugal with Swansea flop Eder scoring in extra time to hand the underdogs a surprising victory in Paris.
Portugal's historic win was a fitting end to Euro 2016 - a cagey tournament punctuated by moments of quality.
This was not a classic competition by any stretch of the imagination, thanks in no small part to new, 24-team format.
Only eight teams were eliminated at the end of the group stage and it appeared little coincidence that less-fancied nations favoured a more cautious approach, in the knowledge that finishing third gave them a decent chance of making it through to the knock-out stages.
It was no surprise either to see European football's governing body UEFA defending the format amid criticism from some high-profile figures, having enjoyed record revenues from the largest European Championship ever.
Three members of the French coaching team try to keep the insects at bay in the run up to the match
An unwanted intruder distracts Cristiano Ronaldo as the Portugal captain prepares for the start of the game
Ronaldo was clearly not a fan of the moths as they tried to prepare for the big match and was later pictured with one on their face
A member of staff attempts to clear the advertising boards of the unwanted moths before kick-off
The moths also made life difficult for the various broadcasting teams as captured the huge sporting event live
Article 37. Citizens of other countries and stateless persons in the USSR are guaranteed the rights and freedoms provided by law, including the right to apply to a court and other state bodies for the protection of their personal, property, family, and other rights.
Article 38. The USSR grants the right of asylum to foreigners persecuted for defending the interests of the working people and the cause of peace, or for participation in the revolutionary and national-liberation movement, or for progressive social and political, scientific, or other creative activity.
Chapter 7: THE BASIC RIGHTS, FREEDOMS, AND DUTIES OF CITIZENS OF THE USSR
Article 39. Citizens of the USSR enjoy in full the social, economic, political and personal rights and freedoms proclaimed and guaranteed by the Constitution of the USSR and by Soviet laws. The socialist system ensures enlargement of the rights and freedoms of citizens and continuous improvement of their living standards as social, economic, and cultural development programmes are fulfilled.
The incident began at around 2.30pm when a man walked into a building in Gamla Stan and claimed to have a bomb strapped to their body.
"He made their way into the offices of a human rights organization on Stora Nygatan 26. They claimed to be carrying an explosive item," Inspector Sven-Erik Olsson told The Local earlier in the afternoon.
IN PICTURES: See more from the scene
What?!? The swat team have their guns aimed. Look to the left of this pic pic.twitter.com/XdEHb2RZIk — Oliver Gee (@TheUppsalaKoala) June 19, 2014
"Staff immediately left the building. The man left their telephone number. They called us and we have been in contact with them several times."
The man "expressed dissatisfaction" with the parties in parliament, Olsson explained, which caused police to cordon off the Sveavägen area where the Social Democrats have their offices.
Several hours of negotiations ensued, during which the man demanded coffee and cigarettes, reported the Expressen newspaper. Stockholm's Civil Rights Defenders office, with the man inside, was surrounded the entire time by police.
Police negotiated with the man for several hours, until they eventually gave themselves up at around 8pm. They were wearing a singlet, underwear, and socks after police made them strip down in the centre of the street.
Police found no explosives on their body nor inside the building.
An officer told The Local that the man was not known to police previously, and their identity remained unknown even after they were arrested.
Thursday afternoon saw plenty of confused and curious tourists on the scene, as well as irritated business people. Swat teams, ambulances, fire engines, and police were on every corner in the centre of Stockholm's Old Town.
In December 2010, central Stockholm was hit by a suicide bomb attack, although only the bomber was killed.
AAP has been accused of accepting donations from dubious companies.
Highlights AAP asked to explain funding under Foreign Contribution Regulation Act Home Ministry official says the notice to AAP is part of 'routine' querie AAP is going through a rough patch with an internal feud
Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has been asked by the Home Ministry to explain its funding from foreign sources. The queries follow suspicions that the party may have violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act that is administered by the Home Ministry.The questionnaire is the first step to confirm allegations of violations of the law to regulate remittances from abroad to civil society groups and political parties. The home ministry, if it isn't satisfied, can order the party to produce its account before recommending action against the party.As reports of the communication emerged on Friday, AAP leaders lashed out at the BJP-led ruling alliance, for what it called, was a clear case of witch hunting and vendetta politics. Just yesterday, the CBI had targeted a Delhi government official for a "high-cost" contract for engaging security personnel at the city's hospitals."CBI raids yesterday & foreign funding investigation today, Centre's vendetta comes out as an all-out war on this political toddler called AAP," the party's spokesperson Raghav Chadha tweeted.A Press Trust of India report later quoted a Home Ministry official calling its communication as part of "routine" queries sent to some political parties on overseas funding. A decision on further action would be taken on any further inquiry only after the AAP submits its reply.AAP leader Ashutosh called the Home Ministry move "pressure tactics"."We've been probed by two successive governments over foreign funds, once by Manmohan Singh government and once by this government. And both times, the concluding report gave us a clean chit. Why target us again and again if you're going to get the same result?" Ashutosh said.The party is going through a particularly rough patch. It was on the verge of losing its leader Kumar Vishwas to an internal feud and was able to retain him, only after suspending Okhla legislator Amanatullah Khan from the party. Days earlier, the party had failed to win any of the three municipal corporations in the just-concluded MCD elections in the national capital that appear to indicate AAP's fading appeal. When it came to power in 2015 in the city, AAP had won 67 of the 70 assembly seats.AAP has in the past been accused by a group of its former members of accepting donations from dubious companies with no credible source of income or legitimate addresses. It had pulled out details of its donors from its website after suggestions that the government had targeted its donors.
India's Supreme Court has paved the way for the commissioning of a nuclear power plant in the southern state of Tamil Nadu that has been the target of widespread protests.
Monday's verdict would make the Russian-built Kudankulam plant, designed to help meet a surging demand for electricity, the country's largest nuclear power project.
"The plant has been set up for people's welfare," said the ruling delivered by judges KS Panicker Radhakrishnan and Dipak Mishra.
"Necessary clearances have been taken by the government, and development of the nuclear power plant is important for India.
"We have to strike a balance between larger interest and economic necessities."
Plans for the Kudankulam plant were first drawn up in 1988 and it was supposed to have gone into operation in 2011.
Two of the reactors are now in place but they have come online amid large-scale protests by locals about the threat of radiation.
The judges ordered the government to submit a final report on the safety aspect of the plant and waste disposal arrangements to deal with the hazardous material.
Several petitions had been filed before the top court by anti-nuclear activists challenging the project on safety grounds.
D C Comics fans have begun a petition to shut down aggregate review site Rotten Tomatoes after the fanboy-favorite Suicide Squad got rated as a full-on stinker by the vast majority of professional critics. To be fair, we're pretty sure this has to be a joke, but you never know.
The whole thing is also ridiculous because in addition to DC, Warner Bros. owns The whole thing is also ridiculous because in addition to DC, Warner Bros. owns Fandango Media , which owns Rotten Tomatoes. In other words, Warner Bros. owns a stake in Rotten Tomatoes, so petitioning fans are literally biting the hand that feeds them (though to be fair, it's currently feeding them shitty movies).
Shortly after Suicide Squad 's reviews went live, a Change.org user named “Abdullah Coldwater” from Alexandria, Egypt, started a plainly-titled petition to “Shutdown Rotten Tomatoes.” Coldwater's whose avatar is Lyanna Mormont from Game of Thrones , so it's disappointing that their revolutionary fire wasn't directed in a bit more logical direction. Here's their impassioned argument against Rotten Tomatoes, a website that doesn't actually rate movies but collects professional reviews and averages them out into a score out of 100. I'm copying and pasting it exactly as is, for the record.
We need this site to be shut down because It's Critics always give The DC Extended Universe movies unjust Bad Reviews, Like
1- Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 2016
2- Suicide Squad 2016
and that Affects people's opinion even if it's a really great movies
I understand if Abdullah's first language isn't English, but the brevity and the long list of two movies typify the absurdity of fandoms in 2016. Yes, because a large number of people don't like something you like, that means it's a conspiracy! Or bias! Or, maybe, it's just that people don't like it.
Whether or not Abdullah is joking — theirs Whether or not Abdullah is joking — their “Clarification” indicates he's not — plenty have written in the petition with dead seriousness. Others have signed in just to troll , but the ones who are being real are the ones to look out for.
“Why is this important?” “Why is this important?” one user asks as a legit rhetorical. “Unfair reviews can end up ruining people's expectations to the point where they choose not to watch the movie at all (look what happened to bvs. I still find people who haven't watched the movie, even though they happen to be avid watchers of other superhero movies). And that's wrong on a multitude of levels … This will eventually lead to an imbalance in the industry. And that's a terrible thing to happen.” Yeah. Fight the good fight, man.
“Rotten tomatoes is full of fake critics who tend to be biased towards certain films,” “Rotten tomatoes is full of fake critics who tend to be biased towards certain films,” says another commenter who doesn't understand how criticism works.
“Rotten tomatoes are a pretty sad website that is loads of biased reviews. For instance look at Pan, with Robin Williams. It was a great movie and reviewed horribly. And SharkNado getting good reviews that's flat out sad. To hell with Rotten tomatoes,” Pan sucked too.) “Rotten tomatoes are a pretty sad website that is loads of biased reviews. For instance look at Pan, with Robin Williams. It was a great movie and reviewed horribly. And SharkNado getting good reviews that's flat out sad. To hell with Rotten tomatoes,” reads another comment , copied and pasted exactly as it appears. (Also,Pansucked too.)
“The critics of Rotten Tomatoes are just being unfair to DC. I'm both DC and Marvel fan. i understand BvS is not fun for everyone but It's not as bad to get 27%. and civil war is not as good to get 90%. that is seriously unfair dude” “The critics of Rotten Tomatoes are just being unfair to DC. I'm both DC and Marvel fan. i understand BvS is not fun for everyone but It's not as bad to get 27%. and civil war is not as good to get 90%. that is seriously unfair dude” reads another . Seems this person didn't like the Russo Brothers's bomb ass airport fight.
There's a great book waiting to be written about modern fandoms and their so-personal response to critics who critique their favorite things. Between There's a great book waiting to be written about modern fandoms and their so-personal response to critics who critique their favorite things. Between GamerGate and today's superhero movies, there is a humongous misunderstanding as to how criticism works. I can't wait to read that book, and I hope it comes sooner than the next DC movie.
Warner Bros. will release Suicide Squad August 5, which means most of these fans haven't even seen it yet.
Lets take a walk through the Gritty streets of Spain, learn some Spanish curse words and insults while we are at it. If you wanna speak more like a native from Spain, then you need to learn a few Slang words if you are serious!
Here you have the 15 most common Spanish curse words to help you cuss and insult in Spain like a pro! These are some of the most useful words you'll ever need when you are in the Streets of Spain. Practice them until you can remember them in the appropriate context and don't ever forget to put the necessary emphasis on the exclamation!
We even got one of the voice actors from Gritty Spanish to come in and voice each of these words in a real sentence!
So be sure to check out at the end of this post!
1. Gilipollas
The origin of this expression comes from 16th Century when a famous State Worker called Gillmón and their two daughters, who were also famous because of not being really smart (they were compared with “pollas” – chicken. They used to go to public events where people would say “here comes Gil y pollas”. Because of the characteristics of their daughters, the insult “gilipollas” stuck for people with non-privileged minds. Nowadays, it can stand for “idiot” or “stupid” too…
Example:
“Mi vecino es un gilipollas, siempre está haciendo ruido sin pensar que no vive solo.”
“My neighbor is an idiot, they are always making noise without considering they are not living alone..”
2. Capullo
“Capullo” in Spanish is the envelope of worms before they are born. From this definition, it probably got more of the meaning of the worm itself, nowadays being used to refer to people who are really disgusting or ungrateful. It can also be an asshole, prick or the like.
“Pablo es un capullo, no se lleva bien con nadie y habla mal de todo el mundo.”
“Pablo is a really disgusting person, they don't get along with anyone and they talk shit about everyone.”
3. Cabrón
Cabrón is a word that was originally used as a way to talk about someone who's wife had cheated on him. “Cabrón” stands for goat and goats are not the most loyal animals in the world. Nowadays cabrón can be used in a bad way and in a not bad and familiar way. The first one could stand for the English “asshole”: “you are an asshole, you shouldn't say that to him”. The other way it is used mostly when someone who we appreciate is lucky:
Example:
“Qué cabrón, has ganado la lotería.”
“What a bastard, you have won the lottery.”
4. Tonto
Tonto is a way to talk about someone that is not very smart. The origin of the word is still uncertain but most of the theories say that it is just an imitation of a sound that this kind of person could do when trying to speak.
Example:
“El chico es un poco tonto, le they explicado el problema tres veces y aún no lo entiende.”
“The guy is a little dumb, I've explained the problem three times and they still don't get it.”
5. Burro
The use of burro is similar to “tonto” but is used in a more offensive way. The origin and use of the word is clear as “burro” in Spanish stands for “donkey”.
Example:
“Qué burro eres! ¡No has entendido ni una palabra de lo dicho!”
“You're such jackass! You haven't understood a single word I've said!”
6. Mamón
The origin of mamón is also pretty clear. “Mamar” is the acción of being breast-fed, “to suck” literally. The word mamón was originally used as a way to refer to people who take advantage of other people:
Example:
“José es un mamón, siempre está pidiendo dinero a su madre.”
“José is a hanger-on, they are always asking their mother for money.”
Mamón can also be used to describe a person that's behaving like a dumb-ass or idiot.
Another Example:
“Qué mamón es Juan, siempre está molestando a todo el mundo.”
“Juan is a dumbass, they are always bothering everyone.”
7. Payaso
Payaso is a very common word in Spanish. As “payaso” stands for “clown”, it can be used for people who don't take anything seriously. As you know, we say this in English as well.
Example:
“Èl un payaso, le conté mis problemas y se rió de mi”
“He is a clown, I told them my problems and they laughed at me)
“Miguel es un poco payaso, siempre está intentando hacer gracias, gritando y dando brincos”
“Miguel is a clown, they are always making jokes, yelling and jumping”
8. Soplapollas
“Soplar” stands for blowing. “Polla”, originally meant “chicken” but nowadays means male genitals, you can guess the meaning for yourself. An example of use can be given by just replacing the meaning on the example for “capullo”.
Example:
¿Te they dicho alguna vez que eres un soplapollas?”
“Have I ever told you that you're a cock sucker?”
9. Hostia
“Hostia” is what a priest feeds to their parishioners in church. In a curse way, Spaniards use “hostia” in two meanings: The first of them is like a slap or a punch:
For an example:
“Raúl le dio una hostia a Pablo porque es un capullo”
“Raúl punched Pablo because they are an asshole”
Other Examples:
“Juan estaba paseando con su bicicleta cuando se dio una hostia.”
“Juan was riding their bike when they crashed.”
The other meaning we give to “hostia” is similar to “Damn!!” in English.
“¡Hostia! ¿Has visto ese accidente?”
“Damn! You've seen that accident?”
10. Me cago en X
Me cago en.. is a very common way to curse someone out. “Cagar” means “to take a shit”, so this is probably the most disgusting way to curse at someone. X can be replaced with any other word: “en ti”, “en tu madre”, “en tus muertos”, etc.
Example:
“El otro día me intentó robar la cartera.”
Me cagué en su madre y además le di dos hostias.”
“The other day, they tried to steal my wallet.”
“I cursed them out and I gave them two punches.”
Me cagué is the past tense…
11. Vete a la mierda
Literally, this means, “send someone to take a look at a shit”. If you're arguing with someone and just want to stop and tell them, “go to hell”, then “Vete a la mierda” is a great phrase to use, no doubt.
Example:
“Mira, no me cuentes más excusas, vete a la mierda.”
“Hey, don't tell me anymore excuses, go to hell.”
12. Joder
Literally “to fuck”. It has some derivatives like “que te jodan” which stands for “fuck you”. If you just used, “joder”, as an exclamation (¡Joder!), it would mean exactly the same as “¡hostia!”.
Examples:
“¡Joder! ¿Has visto ese accidente?”
“Fuck! Have you seen that accident?”
“¡Joder! ¿viste que pasó con ese tipo?”
“Fuck! You saw that happened to that guy?”
13. A tomar por culo
Really expressive way to say the same as with “vete a la mierda.”
Literally “fuck off”, but used this way when you want to stop arguing with someone for an example. Like if you are arguing with someone for a while, stop and say, “Get the fuck outta here! I don't have anything else to say”, then, a tomar por culo should be perfect if you want to be nasty about it when you're in the Streets of Spain.
Example:
“El otro día estuve, discutiendo mucho tiempo con mi vecino. Al final, no podía más y lo envié a tomar por culo.”
“ The other day, I argued a lot with my neighbor. Eventually, I couldn't take anymore and told them to fuck off.”
14. A tomar por saco
The same as “a tomar por culo” but less offensive.
Example:
“Mira, no te soporto más, ¡a tomar por saco!”
“Hey, I can't stand you anymore, fuck off!”
15. Que te den
Que te den is probably the less offensive of the three ways of saying, “Fuck you”/”Fuck Off”.
Example:
“Esta conversación ya ha llegado a su límite, Pedro. No te aguanto más. ¡Que te den!”
“This conversation has come to an end, Pedro. I can't stand you anymore. Fuck you!”
And here is a video of a Gritty Spanish voice actor saying those same phrases in their Spaniard accent!
Now, I think you're more than ready to deal with a native Spanish speaker in any context. You can curse back at them the same way they would curse back at you, but if you are not a person that likes to curse, you'll understand them perfectly and know where you stand with that person, correct? Check out some Curse words and insults out of Colombia here.
To ensure Madden is the best game possible, title updates are deployed by the Madden Development Team to add features to the game after launch and to tune gameplay based on community feedback. Here is a detailed breakdown of what's included in the latest title update now live in Madden NFL 18.
Top Updates
Audibles on the Fly
Franchise Play Call screen lag fix
Online stability improvements
What is Audibles on the Fly?
Audibles on the Fly is a feature that allows users to change any formation audible from the Play Call screen at any point in the game.
This feature will bring a level of strategy to Madden that you see from the best players and coaches in the NFL by allowing users to change up their scheme or game plan mid-game to make “on the fly” adjustments to counter your opponent's scheme. This feature also introduces custom audibles in modes like Madden Ultimate Team for the first time ever.
How It Works
To access the audibles on the fly feature, you need to be selecting plays by formation when at the Play Call screen.
Pro Tip: Any play that is tagged as an audible in the selected formation will have a yellow corner. This helps the user know which audibles they have at a glance while browsing plays.
Once you have selected a formation and are at the Play Call screen, simply press LT/L2 to bring up the Replace Audible menu. The replace audible menu shows the list of audibles that are currently set for the selected formation. It's easy to use:
While at the replace audible menu, select what play in the audibles list you want to replace
Once a play is selected from the Replace Audible menu, you will then be taken to the replacement play level of the Play Call screen where you can select the play you want to add to the active list of audibles for that set to replace your previous selection.
Once audibles have been selected, users will return to the primary Play Call screen to select the next huddle play. After breaking the huddle, users will have access to all of the new audibles via the audibles menu at the line of scrimmage for the current set.
Quick Audibles on the Fly FAQ
What audibles can I change and how many times can I use the feature in a single game?
Users have the option to change any of the four audibles within the formation they have selected
Audibles on the Fly can be used as many times as the user wants in a single game
Audibles on the Fly does not work with formations that naturally do not allow users to audible, such as Wildcat
Does the feature work for both offense and defense?
The Audibles on the Fly mechanic works for both offense and defense
Which game modes does Audibles on the Fly work in?
The Audibles on the Fly feature works in all game modes including Connected Franchise, Madden Ultimate Team, MUT Draft, and MUT Squads and is also accessible in both online and offline play
Can I save my audible changes?
Changes to audibles are saved for the entirety of the game. Once the game has ended, audibles will reset to their default values. Unfortunately, the Madden Development Team did not have the bandwidth to do the work to allow users to permanently save their audibles on a game by game basis. This is a functionality we on the dev team would love to see, and hopefully we can get that built sometime in the future. For now, the most important thing to us was getting the foundation of this new system built and released to the public so the community can begin to enjoy it.
Other Audible Notes
Users can use the Audibles on the Fly feature with a custom playbook as long as there are four or more plays in the set
If the user has four or more plays in the set, but doesn't populate all of the audible slots with plays when creating the custom playbook, only the audible slots that are populated with plays can be replaced with the Audibles on the Fly feature
Audibles on the Fly works for play call by Formation only – Madden Devs are evaluating the possibility to expand this to other play call options like by Personnel
Full Title Update Notes
Gameplay Updates
Added additional performance penalties when using defensive players on offense
Tuned so that defenders with the Disciplined penalty trait will not jump offsides when Pass Rush Coach Adjustment is set to Balanced
Addressed an issue around facemask penalties triggering when the Strip Ball Coach Adjustment was set to Conservative
Franchise Updates
Addressed Play Call screen lag issue
Added logic for Franchise leagues to turn Injuries ON via settings when using the Competitive Game Style
Addressed issue making player skills appear locked after spending XP to unlock them when scouting for the Draft
Addressed issue causing players' stats and ratings to occasionally change when scrolling down on the menu during a Fantasy Draft
Online Stability Improvements
Deployed new technology that will help mitigate some of the disconnect issues. If you or your opponent are experiencing a network issue, you will see messaging in the UI letting you know of the problem and will attempt to reconnect you.
COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- Texas A&M promises that Yell Practice will still be held at midnight. Reveille, the Aggies' mascot since 1931, will always be a collie. The students will continue to stand throughout the game, symbolic of the 12th Man ready to enter the game.
After that, however, all bets are off.
New Texas A&M coach Kevin Sumlin is overseeing quite a transition in Aggieland. Brett Davis/US Presswire
There's a new coaching staff with new schemes for the players. There's a new building under construction. There are new windscreens on the fences that line the practice field. They share a trait with the new shirts on sale at the bookstores. Who knew that a blue circle with yellow letters that spell "SEC" went so well with maroon?
Everywhere you turn in Aggieland, there's a football program in transition.
All head coach Kevin Sumlin has to do is look out the windows of their third-floor office in the Bright Football Complex. At eye level last week, Sumlin could watch workers building the roof of the $9 million player performance center, the new football-only weight room that will be sweat-ready Aug. 1.
When that is done, the program will take a beautiful unused patio behind the south end zone and use the space to build a "nutrition center" for all sports. And this week, Texas A&M announced that it had hired a firm to begin planning the renovation and expansion of Kyle Field. These are the types of facilities that only the top echelon of schools can afford. That's the neighborhood into which the Aggies have moved.
"I've heard some of our fans say, 'We were always an SEC school. We just didn't know it," athletic director Bill Byrne said.
Even the fans are in transition. After the earliest sellout of season tickets in Aggie history, Byrne said: "One of the issues we're dealing with is a lot of fans who were always used to being able to walk up and buy a seat in the stadium. They can't do that now. They're having to go to the secondary market."
Britain's Prince Andrew allegedly lobbied the U.S. government to go easy on an American billionaire the FBI was investigating for holding sex slaves they allegedly shared with the prince and “many other powerful men,” according to claims in a court document obtained by RadarOnline.com.
Four women who allege they were Jeffrey Epstein's sex slaves are suing the federal prosecutors for not conferring with them before reaching “a secret non-prosecution agreement” with the Wall Street money manager.
Instead of possible life sentences over human trafficking allegations, which included claims they shared teen sex slaves with their rich and powerful friends, Epstein was allowed to plead guilty to a far lesser state sex charge that sent them to a Florida prison for just 13 months
Read More: New Claims Prince Andrew Asked U.S. Prosecutors To Go Easy On Epstein Over Human Trafficking Claims
Apple TV has been a persistent loser from a company that usually only tolerates winners. It's clear that Apple wants to do something "in the living room," but damned if it can figure out exactly what that is. Yesterday, Apple took another run at this thing, announcing an "all-new" Apple TV.
As with any new electronic gadget, I must be of two minds about the new Apple TV. The first, most difficult question is, will the new Apple TV be a successful product for Apple? The second question is easier: is this a product I want to buy for myself?
For any consumer electronics product, the degree to which those two questions have the same answer is dictated by—for lack of a better term—one's geekiness. Mine is substantial. I have not wanted any of the Apple TV products (including the one released yesterday), and thus far, none of them have had much success in the market either. But does that mean that an Apple TV designed to my specifications would be a hit? The easy answer is, probably not.
But pondering the prospects of a cheaper, smaller, streaming-only, renting-only, iOS-based Apple TV device in the rumor-filled weeks leading up to its announcement yesterday has changed my mind. In this particular case, I think my desires are actually very well aligned with the mass market—and continue to be at odds with the products Apple has decided to create.
This ain't no disco
It seems to me that Apple has been trying to recreate the success of the iTunes Music Store with its Apple TV efforts. Success in the digital music market had a familiar set of requirements. The experience had to be easy, the content had to be there, and, of course, the price had to be right. Apple knocked these down one at a time with iTunes, starting out as a Mac-only product, adding a hardware component to ensure a smooth end-to-end experience, and getting content owners on board with a combination of guile ("Hey, it's only available to Mac users, a tiny percentage of the market. If things get out of hand, at least it'll be contained, right?") and trademark Steve Jobs persuasion ("Do you want to sell sugar water for the rest of your life, or do you want to come with me and change the world?")
That worked for music because Apple was first on the scene. Legal digital music sales that non-geek customers could understand and use successfully didn't really exist before Apple's iTunes/iPod combination arrived. Apple had time to grow its music business organically, with very little competent competition. The end result for consumers was simple, comprehensive access to almost all the content they wanted, at prices they found acceptable.
The landscape in the living room is very different. It's not a green field where Apple can plant its digital seeds and grow them into a beautiful walled garden. It is, to use Steve Jobs's own word, "balkanized." Even before Apple dipped its toe in the water with the first Apple TV in 2006, the living room was a battlefield scorched by decades of competition between broadcast networks, cable and satellite providers, and a whole raft of consumer electronics makers.
Apple's failure to recognize this reality has been and continues to be the root cause of Apple TV's woes. Pulling an iTunes—creating a "flagship" experience that comes to define the entire market—is nearly impossible to do in such a crowded, well-established market, but Apple seems determined to keep banging its head against this wall.
Make it simpler, stupid
What I want, and what I believe the market needs, is a way to simplify the byzantine world of TV and home video. You can't do this by pretending that the rat's nest of cables, contracts, and TV-connected devices in all our lives doesn't exist. Apple's job is to tame this mess, not ignore it.
Consider traditional cable TV. For a flat monthly fee, it provides unlimited access to programming on a huge number of channels. Pay a little more per month and progressively more sophisticated content becomes available. And all this is before even considering the on-demand/pay-per-view options.
No one person can watch all TV programming a cable subscription offers, and the mandatory bundling of channel "packages" often grates on consumers (though it pays for a lot of the less mainstream content that geeks love). But the bottom line is that most people have one or two TV shows that they're not willing to part with. Any living room "solution" that doesn't offer a way to view that hot serial drama on the night it airs or a favorite soap opera or that obscure cooking reality show your dad is obsessed with will never be a comprehensive solution. Instead, it just adds to the giant mess hanging off the back of the TV: another expense, another device, another remote, another headache.
Cable TV is just the tip of this iceberg. Repeat this situation for all of the other existing sources of video content—satellite, the Web, Netflix, Amazon, home video from camcorders, and yes, even illegal downloads of content that no one is yet willing to sell to you in a timely manner. Consumers are drowning in complexity; we need help!
The solution is a device that is unabashedly omnivorous. Yes, in traditional Apple fashion, it must provide a simple, elegant, user interface. But behind the scenes, it must be willing and able to accept content from as many sources as possible. This is what makes the device valuable and desirable: dealing with and hiding all this complexity!
Is this show on cable? Satellite? Downloaded from the Web? Streamed from Netflix? Is it on my Mac? My iPhone? Does it need to be transcoded? Upscaled or downscaled? These are the things geeks deal with manually right now, and regular people have little chance of figuring out. People will pay for a device that will handle all of this for them. It might take a while, but word would get around about the new device that actually makes your living room less complex, for a change. One box to rule them all.
If it were easy, everyone would be doing it
Apple has the technology and the expertise to create such a device. But as Steve Jobs made clear with their remarks at the D8 conference in June, they don't believe a product like this can compete with subsidized set-top boxes and still make a profit. "All you can do is add a box onto the TV system," Jobs laments. "You just end up with a table full of remotes, a cluster full of boxes, a bunch of different UIs, and that's the situation we have today."
The solution? Jobs continues: "The only way that's ever going to change is if you can really go back to square one and tear up the set-top box and redesign it from scratch with a consistent UI across all these different functions, and get it to the consumer in a way they're willing to pay for it."
He's close—so close!—to having the right answer. They are, in typical Jobs fashion, obliquely teasing the new $99 Apple TV device that would be released a few months later. Where they went wrong was in entertaining the fantasy that you can ever "go back to square one" or "tear up the set-top box." That ship has sailed.
Furthermore, no gradual roll-out of content deals is ever going to give Apple TV the sales volume it needs to accelerate the progress of those deals, regardless of the price of the device. Content owners are now too savvy to just give Apple the kind of power it managed to attain with its iTunes music business; they're dedicated to preserving the "competitive landscape," ensuring that no one device manufacturer or online service becomes dominant. The end result for consumers is a preservation of the status quo: confusion, complexity, chaos.
The only realistic solution is to make an end-run around the existing players. Instead of trying to establish yet another isolated beachhead, accept and absorb all available content by any means necessary and concentrate on providing a unified interface to all of it… Apple-vended content included, of course. Win the consumers' hearts and minds first by being the hero they need to save them from the current mess surrounding their TV. Win all those other content deals later, once everyone has your device in their living room. Step three: profit.
This is necessarily a long-term strategy—no iPhone-like sales curves here—but it's founded on a consumer-focused approach that Apple frequently claims as a core principle. Put aside short-term business and "go-to-market" concerns and focus on the problems people actually face in the living room.
Apple needs to accept the things it cannot change and have the courage to change the things it can. Perhaps consumer reaction to this latest Apple TV device will finally give Steve Jobs the wisdom to tell the difference.
Charlie Austin scored their fifth goal in five games for QPR
51 shots in the match; 32 for QPR, 19 for Leicester
QPR move up to 18th, Leicester drops to the bottom
Leicester end 504-minute goal drought
Foxes remain winless since September
Charlie Austin was the match winner for QPR who moved off the bottom of the table by beating struggling Leicester.
The visitors ended their five-game goal drought early on as Esteban Cambiasso swept in from the edge of the area.
Media playback is not supported on this device QPR 3-2 Leicester: Harry Redknapp pleased with 'big win' for Hoops
QPR forced an equaliser as Wes Morgan put through their own net, before midfielder Leroy Fer put them in front, smashing home from close range.
Leicester's Jamie Vardy hit the bar, and Jeffrey Schlupp stroked in, but Austin's header won it for QPR.
Both sides won promotion from the Championship in 2013-14 but have struggled this season and Harry Redknapp's team have now conceded the first goal in 10 of their 13 league games so far.
But, despite going behind, they showed persistence and fight to claim the points, staying in the bottom three on goal difference.
Leicester's slump The Foxes won eight points from their opening five league games but have managed just two points from the subsequent eight
Leicester, who drop to 20th, have now gone eight games without victory since their superb 5-3 win over Manchester United in September.
This was a thrilling, end-to-end game that featured 51 attempts on goal - 32 for QPR and 19 from Leicester - and Nigel Pearson's men may well feel they had enough good opportunities to win the match.
It started well for the Foxes as they took the lead after four minutes - their first goal in 504 minutes of football - as Argentine Cambiasso, netted from Schlupp's cutback.
Niko Kranjcar had a free-kick deflected just over for QPR and Riyad Mahrez shot wide from close range for the visitors.
Home sweet home All 11 of QPR's points this season have come at Loftus Road (Won 3, Draw 2)
The home side made their pressure pay as centre-back Morgan bundled into their own net from Steven Caulker's ball into the box.
Media playback is not supported on this device QPR 3-2 Leicester: Nigel Pearson annoyed at conceding poor goals
Minutes later, striker Vardy, who caused problems to the QPR defence all game, shot straight at Robert Green from inside the area.
And the home side deservedly took the lead on the verge of half-time. Fer reacted quickest to a loose ball to finish after Austin's point-blank header was kept out by Kasper Schmeichel.
Vardy's flicked header hit the crossbar from Mahrez's cross in the second half and Leicester levelled via Schlupp's accurate finish into the bottom corner.
Austin's fifth goal in the last five games put Rangers ahead again, and Matthew James's rasping drive went narrowly over late on as the home side held on for the win.
BBC Match of the Day's Danny Murphy: "There was no parking the bus today. It was two committed teams both giving their all, terrible defending, some very good attacking but I've never seen Gary Lineker lose their temper so often.
"They were all avoidable goals. All QPR's goals were quite simple, it was people switching off and losing concentration, a lot to work on for Nigel Pearson. Charlie Austin has scored seven in 12 for QPR and if that continues I think they'll be OK."
QPR manager Harry Redknapp: "It was a great game. They scored the early goal and we came back at them strong. They were a threat with Jamie Vardy but we played as well as we have all season.
"We showed a lot of character today and played really well in the first half. It was all hands to the pump late on in the second half but a great win for us.
"We are scoring goals which is good but we defended well today when we had to. That win has put us right back into the pack but we have Swansea and Burnley coming up, every game is vital."
Leicester manager Nigel Pearson: "There were lots of positive things and we created enough chances to win. That remains very frustrating for us. We conceded two poor goals before half-time and we looked dangerous throughout the game.
"It was about making sure we kept threatening and we were unlucky not to get anything from the game. Today it didn't happen for us.
"The players have done so many good things but it hasn't turned out the way we would have liked."
Esteban Cambiasso opened the scoring with their second goal for Leicester
Leroy Fer smashed home to put QPR ahead
Jeffrey Schlupp (second right) scored Leicester's second with a lovely placed finish
Charlie Austin nodded home the winner for QPR
By Dick Morris on September 11, 2016
(Today's video is a live format due to Breaking News.)
Click Here to give me your thoughts and continue the discussion.
Please forward this email to any friends or family who may be interested in viewing my video commentary!
Thanks for watching,
Dick
Order Dick And Eileen's New Book, Armageddon: How Trump Can Beat Hillary — CLICK HERE NOW!
View my most recent videos in case you missed them!
The Impact Of Third Parties In Presidential Elections – Dick Morris TV: History Video!
The Ultimate Flaw In Hillary's Campaign – Dick Morris TV: Lunch Alert!
Trump Excels In Commander-In-Chief Forum: Hillary Defensive – Dick Morris Reports!
The Future Of The Clinton Foundation – Dick Morris TV: Lunch Alert!
A Tie Race – Dick Morris TV: Lunch Alert!
Whitewashing the failure in Iraq
On the eve of President Obama's speech to the nation on Iraq, some of the people who dreamed up this foolish war or helped persuade the nation that it was a good idea are getting out their paintbrushes and whitewash. I refer, of course, to the twin op-eds in today's New York Times by former Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz and neoconservative columnist David Brooks.
Wolfowitz, you will recall, was one of the main architects of the war, having pushed the invasion during the 1990s and as soon as they became Deputy Secretary of Defense in the Bush adminstration. They were the guy who recommended invading Iraq four days after 9/11, even though Osama bin Laden was nowhere near Iraq and there was no evidence that Saddam Hussein had anything to do with it. For their part, Brooks was an enthusiastic cheerleader for the war in the months prior to the invasion, and they continued to defend it long after the original rationale had been exposed as a sham.
The main thrust of Wolfowitz's column is that the United States should remain in Iraq for as long as it takes to yield a "stable country." Their analogy is to Korea, where the United States has stationed troops for nearly sixty years. Of course, Wolfowitz ignores the fact that our role in Korea was defensive: we entered the Korean War after North Korea invaded the South (with Soviet help), and we did so with the full authorization of the U.N. Security Council. In Iraq, by contrast, the United States went to war on the basis of bogus evidence, as part of a grand scheme to "transform" the entire Middle East.
Staying in Korea was also part of the broader strategy of containment, which made good sense in that historical epoch. The Soviet Union was a serious great power adversary and North Korea was a close Soviet ally, and there was every reason to think the North might try again if South Korea were left on its own. By contrast, maintaining a semi-permanent military presence in Iraq isn't going to contain anyone, and it is precisely that sort of on-the-ground interference that fuels jihadi narratives about nefarious Western plans to dominate Muslim lands. It is perhaps also worth remembering that our prolonged military presence in South Korea isn't very popular there anymore, and that most Iraqis want us out of their country too.
Notice also that Wolfowitz says very little about the costs of this adventure in the past, or how much more blood and treasure the United States should be expected to spend in the future. There are boilerplate references to the "brave men and women" of the U.S. military, and to Iraq's people "who have borne a heavy burden." All true, but they don't offer any numbers (either dollars spent or lives lost), because they might have to take their share of responsibility for the hundreds of thousands of people who would be alive today if the United States had not followed their advice. It would also remind us that they once predicted that the war would cost less than $100 billion and that Iraq's oil revenues would pay for reconstruction and so it wouldn't cost the American taxpayer a dime. Given that track record, in fact, one wonders why the Times editors thought they were a reliable source of useful advice on Iraq today.
As for Brooks, their column is a transparent attempt to retroactively justify an unnecessary war. They marshal an array of statistics showing how much things have improved in Iraq, but all their various numbers show is that after you've flattened a country and dismantled its entire political order, you can generate some positive growth rates if you pour billions of dollars back in. They claim this "nation-building" effort cost only $53 billion (hardly a trivial sum), but that figure omits all the other costs of the war (which economist Joseph Stiglitz and budget expert Linda Bilmes estimate to be in excess of $3 trillion). And like Wolfowitz, Brooks is mostly silent about the hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis and thousands of dead and wounded Americans who paid the price for their naïve experiment in social engineering.
Of course, what Wolfowitz and Brooks are up to is not hard to discern. They want Americans to keep pouring resources into Iraq for as long as it takes to make their ill-fated scheme look like a success. Equally important, they want to portray Iraq in a somewhat positive light now, so that Obama and the Democrats get blamed when things go south.
All countries make mistakes, because leaders are fallible and no political system is immune from folly. But countries compound their errors when they cannot learn from them, and when they don't hold the people responsible for them accountable. Sadly, these two pieces suggest that the campaign to lobotomize our collective memory is now underway. If it succeeds, we can look forward to more "success stories" like this in the future.
Washington, DC Bradley Birkenfeld, the American banker who exposed the largest US tax fraud in history and led to the recovery of $780 million hidden away in Swiss banks, does not deserve to be in jail says Stephen Kohn, the executive director of The National Bradley Birkenfeld, the American banker who exposed the largest US tax fraud in history and led to the recovery of $780 million hidden away in Swiss banks, does not deserve to be in jail says Stephen Kohn, the executive director of The National whistleblowers Center (NWC). "We'd like to see them receive clemency immediately, but certainly by Christmas."
Birkenfeld's father has written a Thanksgiving Day letter to President Obama, personally asking for clemency for their son.The US Justice Department believed that Birkenfeld's revelations were essentially too little and too late, and sentenced them to 40 months in prison for conspiracy. To date, they are the only person, including the evaders themselves, to do time for the tax scheme.Kohn says Birkenfeld fits the definition of a whistleblower and should not be considered a criminal. "He did not initiate the plan or set it up," says Kohn. "The entire program was established years ago by UBS and Birkenfeld was just hired to work there. When they found out what was going on, they reported it to UBS and quit their job.""He's a classic whistleblower," adds Kohn. "He's someone who was in on the inside. That's how you learn all the gory details and then they turned in the leadership."Birkenfeld has served 10 months, or about 25 percent of their sentence. The fact that US authorities turned on a key witness who exposed hundreds of US tax evaders is "outrageous and repugnant," according to Kohn."The tax department, which I don't think has ever had a whistleblower in its life, for whatever reason decided to prosecute him," says Kohn, who has authored or co-authored five books on whistleblower law.Birkenfeld is currently being held in a federal prison in Pennsylvania. While Birkenfeld's imprisonment is unacceptable to Kohn, there is a larger issue at play. It is believed trillions of dollars more are still hidden in offshore accounts. "It is unlikely that we are going to get another whistleblower if they think they're going to be prosecuted and sent to jail," says Kohn.For 20 years, The National Whistleblowers Center has advocated in the courts and before congress for people who speak out against wrongdoing in the workplace organization.
The Honda Navi is the only monkey bike on sale in India right now.
The Ducati Monster 795 was an emerging market-centric model with the lineage of one of the world's most iconic naked roadster brand names. Quang Phuong Motor have brought out a monkey bike called the Monster 110 to resemble the Ducati Monster 795.
In the shape of the Honda MSX (Honda Grom), the Monster 110 gets a similar headlamp console with a plastic strip in the middle. The fuel tank follows the styling of the Ducati Monster while the frame also apes the language.
The instrumentation is all-digital and gets readouts for speedometer, odometer, tachometer, the fuel and a clock. The instrumentation can show blue or green backlit options. Powering the Ducati Monster 795 lookalike is 107 cc single cylinder mill imported from Thailand coupled to a 4-speed gearbox. Output figures are not known.
Also Read: Ducati India to launch 5 new bikes in 2017
The Monster 110, just like the Ducati Monster, is suspended over upside down forks up front and a monoshock in the rear. Braking duties are overseen by a petal disc in the front and a similar unit in the rear. The tail section of the monkey bike though is not pointed as the Ducati Monster and ends with a LED taillamp. A solo seat with a cover for the pillion is also on offer.
The Monster 110 is priced at VND 30 million which translates to INR 88,020 at current exchange rates.
[Source - MotoSaigon.vn]
Buh-bye Luke!
After Bruising Ad Battle, AT&T Looks to Rebrand as Lifestyle Company
Telecom to Integrate All Communications Under 'Rethink Possible' Theme, Introduce Updated Logo
NEW YORK (AdAge.com) -- AT&T is undertaking an ambitious rebranding effort under the banner "Rethink Possible" that includes a redesign that updates its trademark logo.
The new theme attempts to position AT&T as a lifestyle company and elevate it from the recent ad sniping with rival Verizon. "Rethink Possible" will inform all advertising from the country's fourth-largest spender going forward. "It's not going to be the old model that there's brand work, and then there's consumer work or enterprise work; it's all 'Rethink Possible,'" said Senior VP-Brand Marketing and Advertising Esther Lee. "All of our communications across all of these channels is 'Rethink Possible' and this integration of design."
The TV campaign from Omnicom Group's BBDO introduces the tagline during the broadcast of the Masters golf tournament, which begins today. Ms. Lee declined to provide specifics on creative, media mix or spending, but said the rolling launch is the beginning of an integrated campaign that includes print, outdoor, digital and "non-advertising marketing." AT&T spent $1.87 billion on measured media in 2009, according to Kantar Media.
AT&T standbys such as rollover-minutes spots might disappear if they don't fit under the new framework. A new design will also roll out from Omnicom sibling Interbrand that, among other things, trades in the $125 billion company's characteristic orange coloring on retail locations and packaging for more colors. The AT&T globe will also now appear alone without the copy "AT&T" beside it. Other agencies handling work include Publicis Group's Razorfish and design consultancy Frog Design.
The goal is to move AT&T's brand perception among consumers from telecommunications company to innovation company. "There's so much innovation happening at the company that I think people don't know," said Ms. Lee. "We spend an average $18 billion to $19 billion a year on our network, our technology and our inventions in order to drive the future of how people are going to live on our network."
The brand launch follows reports that the iPhone will soon be available on Verizon. AT&T's iPhone exclusivity expires this year, after the carrier's been under fire for dropped calls on its data-stressed network. Aided by the iPhone, in 2009, AT&T netted 7.3 million wireless subscribers, the company's best-ever annual total.
This is the first major shift in AT&T messaging since Ms. Lee, a former global chief creative officer for Coca-Cola, took the lead on brand marketing, ad creative and media strategy last summer. Prior to AT&T, Ms. Lee was CEO-North America of global brands for Euro RSCG Worldwide. Even with that resume, Ms. Lee calls this move to recast AT&T as a lifestyle company in many ways the "most complex thing I've ever done."
"We set a high bar for ourselves," they said. "'Rethink Possible' is also how we'll have to approach our marketing."
Shift from Verizon ad wars The new approach veers from the telecom ad wars that AT&T and No. 1 wireless carrier Verizon have waged over 3G coverage. Verizon started the fight with its "There's a map for that" ads that claimed AT&T's coverage is spotty and less expansive; AT&T responded with ads featuring Luke Wilson that refuted those claims, along with a lawsuit. One thing's for sure: "Rethink Possible" is a definitive attempt to change that defensive back and forth.
"It's dominated more our industry conversation than our consumer conversation," Ms. Lee said in response to the Verizon ad wars, adding that it's time to "get past the competitive conversation and talk about what's in it for the consumers."
Zooming out from AT&T voice services will mean shining a brighter light on new products and apps out of AT&T's emerging devices arm -- products that require AT&T data network to operate. AT&T seems to be focusing on creating a demand for the internet since with more usage, AT&T sells more wireless service. Ms. Lee points to the company's recent consumer cloud applications announced at the mobile conference CTIA that provide a way for customers to store addresses, photos and music on the internet to be accessible across devices. AT&T will also soon release a mini cell-tower to improve service in customer's homes.
AT&T's aim to be seen as an innovation company is reminiscent of General Electric's ad efforts in 2009. The conglomerate most often associated with light bulbs supported a major push to tout its improvements in smart- grid technology and health care. GE agencies for the work also included BBDO, as well as Goodby Silverstein & Partners and Barbarian Group.
See Also:10 Major Rebranding Disasters And What You Should Learn From Them
The new government is promising to build 10,000 houses a year, but some in the construction sector doubt a stretched labour supply will be able to keep up.
Photo: 123RF
Labour's $2 billion KiwiBuild scheme aims to produce 100,000 new houses for first-home buyers in the next decade.
For months now the building industry has been suffering from labour shortages and turning to overseas workers to fill skilled positions.
Recruitment company Tradestaff said they continue to have more jobs than people to fill them.
General manager Janice McNab said they could not see how an additional 10,000 homes can be built.
"While the idea of it I applaud ... I can't comprehend that that could happen, given current resourcing levels. Even with apprentices coming through the system, we do not have the capacity to be able to do that."
Leighs Construction head Anthony Leighs said the whole industry was already working through unprecedented demand, with both residential and commercial builders relying on the same limited labour pool.
"Everybody is under significant pressure and while the industry has the ability to grow its capacity, to insert an additional 10,000 houses on the current level of work out there will certainly be challenging and it will push the industry in some ways into territory it hasn't been to before"
The new government has reassured that, while immigration would be reduced, nothing would constrain the construction industry's ability to get workers.
It plans to issue an extra 1500 new KiwiBuild visas to fast-track temporary foreign workers.
But employers using the scheme would need to take on a trainee for every foreign worker they hire.
Warwick Quinn, the chief executive of industry training group BCITO, said that was likely to encourage more companies to take on apprentices and build on the numbers entering the industry.
"Ten percent of firms are training 100 percent of our apprentices and if we can expand the number of firms willing to train by offering them more flexible options and a bit of carrot and stick stuff at the same time we could well fulfil the needs we require in helping fill the shortfall."
Mr Quinn said building another 10,000 houses a year would be a challenge.
"But then again knowing there's going to certainty of supply through some government support and guarantee for the next decade means theoretically during any recessionary times or when times get tough from a market perspective there's going to be that continuous level of activity.
Registered Master Builders head David Kelly said while initially the residential sector had "questioned the idea" they were pleased to see the government's plans.
"I think it's encouraging in terms of some of the thinking they've done and the planning they're starting to do.
Chief among plans is a move to enter more public-private partnerships with big firms Fletcher Residential, Ockham and Mike Greer Homes already approached by incoming minister Phil Twyford.
"That's certainly the way it needs to go. It needs to involve those larger scale residential construction companies and I believe those companies are up for it if they've got the certainty around finance and the number of houses the government is going to contract with them to deliver. So I think it's a good start," Mr Kelly said.
They noted 10,000 homes would not happen in the next 12 months, but was optimistic.
"It will be that planning around where, what type of building, the joint venture arrangements with residential construction companies. If those things are done well I don't see why we can't achieve the goal."
'We're going to build whole new communities'
Incoming Housing Minister Phil Twyford told Morning Report the new government will invest in trade training and apprenticeships and bring in foreign workers to help meet the target.
They agreed that there were skills shortages, but the new government had a plan to fix that.
"We're going to invest massively in trade training and apprenticeships for young New Zealanders. The second thing is, because the former government didn't invest in the workforce, we're going to have to bring in skilled people from overseas, just like the former government did after the Canterbury earthquake."
Mr Twyford said 16,000 new homes will be built by this time next year, which would include some already underway.
"We're going to partner with the likes of Auckland council, with Ngāti Whātua, if they want to, and other developers and investors, and we're going to build whole new communities. And they will include large number of affordable homes, and state housing as well, and market housing."
Mr Twyford will be sworn in as Housing Minister today.
Transhumanism, the quest to improve both human biology and psychology through the focused, unflinching application of technology, freaks a lot of people out. I think that comes largely from the fact that when you start making it impossible for people to ignore the oddly interchangeable nature of biology and technology, it reminds them that their perception is not quite what it seems to be.
Dustin Tyler of Case Western University makes this point very well in explaining a new bionic sensing technology: “Perception occurs in the brain, not in the hand itself, so losing the limb is really just losing the switch that turns the sensation on or off.” Tyler and their team have created a complex new set of switches in the form of a revolutionary new bionic replacement hand — and they can do a lot more than just turn those switches on or off.
The achievement begins in the neurons of the patient's arm. Igor Spetic, an amputee who lost their hand in an industrial accident several years ago, let the researchers attach a complex assortment of electrodes to the remainder of certain nerves that had once been bound for the hand. By stimulating these nerves at different points, they create sensations in the brain that are distinguishable by the patient. It's important to note that while the physical sensations felt as a result of these electrodes are every bit as real as those felt as a result of regular sensation, the impulses did not at first correspond to any particular sensation. So, only with time and training did Spetic come to associate one stimulation with the tip of their forefinger, another with the tip of their middle finger, and so on.
That might sound like it would be slow, but we are literally built from the reptile brain up to unconsciously translate neural signals into subjective perceptions; it's remarkable how quickly patients (in this study and in many before it) have been able to integrate totally novel neural signals as normal incoming sensations. At first it takes effort to remember the association between a particular feeling and a particular finger, but soon the brain adjusts to the idea that a particular finger simply feels a particular way. Once that happens, a bionic signal is really no more difficult to perceive with than a normal one, though right now it still has far lower fidelity overall.
This approach has actually existed for a while under the name targeted muscle reinnervation, and this team took that technology one step further by incorporating complex patterns of nerve excitation. Rather than simple on-off switching, the team made a bionic sensor that could distinguish between different textures, and send the brain a distinctive pattern of excitation to go with it. Again, this is basically exactly how the brain does it; neither a real hand nor a bionic one has a specific “rough surface” spot to switch on or off in the brain, but rather an ability to interpret patterns of on-off switching in one or multiple sensory areas.
This has the exciting implication that, once basic sensory locations had been mapped out, bionic signals might be interpretable without training; a rapid collection of small, semi-random excitations of the tip of a finger might be able to be interpreted as roughness even if the patient has never felt that particular texture before. To be clear, though, that's further than this study goes. As Tyler points out, it's still necessary to do basically what a baby does when learning to make sense of the world, constantly inspecting things to associate real objects with sensations.
In the video above, you can see the small but jarring detail that Spetic's hand is sitting a few inches from their arm while they feel through it. Again, this gets at our ideas of what it means to be human and to experience the world. That hand could have been on the other side of the Earth, its signals transmitted via the Internet, or the sensors could have been replaying sensations recorded several days earlier. Both of these scenarios would create a feeling of hand-use every bit as real as if the prosthetic had been strapped to the arm and painted to look like flesh.
Obviously, veterans and other amputees are by far the highest priority in applying technology such as this, but we should also pay attention to the incredible array of other possible applications, both positive and negative. Spetic's phantom pain almost completely subsided with the reintroduction of sensible signals to that portion of their brain, and of course the extra-curricular applications of feeling things without needing to be physically next to them ought to be… obvious. (I'm talking about sex…)
Could we start preserving sensations for posterity? Imagine if you your local library had, along with Oliver Twist and Glengarry Glen Ross, recordings of the handshake of an ex-President, the smell of the Vatican in 2015, or the feeling of petting the last living snow leopard. The advance of non-invasive neural stimulation (read: little or no surgery required) means we really are entering a time when such things may become possible and widespread. This study is just one of many which collectively herald the beginning of the neural age, but its refined, nuance-focused approach to bionics could still be the beginning of a whole new era in neural interfacing. And that would mean a whole new era for humankind.
Forthcoming meeting between Putin and Pope Francis likely to be overshadowed by the conflict in Ukraine
As Putin travels to Italy one of the most important persons they will meet is the Pope.
The meeting of the world's most powerful Christian leader and the leader of what is fast becoming the world's most powerful Christian country ought logically to be a meeting of friends.
It is difficult to see any further moves towards a Catholic-Orthodox dialogue whilst the conflict in Ukraine remains underway.
Putin and Francis do indeed agree on many things.
They have similar - though not identical - views on social issues.
Both mistrust the free-wheeling capitalism of the West.
Both have practically identical views on the various conflicts in Latin America and the Middle East.
Notwithstanding this, the meeting is likely to be uneasy.
Though Russia and the Vatican are no longer enemies in the way they were during the Cold War, when the Pope sometimes represented themselves as “anti-Communist in chief” and the Soviets sometimes represented the Pope as the apostle of fascism, the differences between them are still profound.
Ever since the election of John Paul II the Vatican has pursued a policy of reconciliation with the Orthodox Church, the largest Christian community outside the Catholic Church. For this to succeed it requires a rapprochement with what is by far the biggest Orthodox community, which is the one in Russia.
The Vatican has accordingly consistently sought reconciliation with the Orthodox Church in Russia and has pushed for decades for a summit meeting between the Pope and the Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church.
That summit meeting has never happened.
In part that is because of the deep mistrust the Orthodox have of Rome.
Whereas the Protestant communities of Western Europe have their ultimate origin within the Catholic Church, even if in rebellion against it, the Orthodox Church sees itself as the true original Church and sees the Catholic Church as a heresy. Some Orthodox go further, even questioning whether it is properly speaking Christian at all.
Beyond these theological questions, there is the constant Orthodox concern, extending back millennia, about the eastward expansion of Catholicism into the Orthodox world.
This has been a fundamental issue in the conflicts between, for example, Russia and Poland, and it is also a key to understanding the Crimean War.
Since Rome can never compromise on the question of the Pope's supremacy, which is unacceptable to the Orthodox, any advance by Catholicism into the east, and any overtures from the Vatican to the Orthodox Church, are bound to be met with skepticism from some and outright hostility from others.
Transcending these questions is however the present conflict in Ukraine.
It is not a misrepresentation to describe this conflict as in some ways a religious conflict pitting the Orthodox of Ukraine's east against the Catholics of Ukraine's west.
The Uniate church that predominates in Ukraine's western regions, which owes allegiance to the Pope, has been outspoken in its support for the Maidan movement, which it played a key part setting up. It is also traditionally hostile to Russia, which at various times has sought to suppress it.
Whilst the Vatican has tried to maintain a distance from the conflict, deploring the war between Christians, it has been inundated with angry calls from the Uniate hierarchy of Ukraine demanding more support. With the Pope unwilling to offend some of their most devoted followers, this places a constraint on what Vatican diplomacy can do.
The result is that it is difficult to see any further moves towards a Catholic-Orthodox dialogue whilst the conflict in Ukraine remains underway.
The Republic | azcentral.com Tue Apr 23, 2013 1:01 PM
It may be time for Arizonans who have invested in gold and silver to take their stockpiles of coins out of hiding and get ready to put them to use.
If some of the state's more conservative politicians get their way, someday soon shoppers could conceivably be able to plunk down precious metal to pay for groceries, buy a new car or pay a traffic fine.
Arizona is on track to become the second state in the nation to recognize gold and silver coins as legal tender. It would join Utah as part of a conservative movement arising out of a lack of confidence in the Federal Reserve and a fear that paper money could become virtually worthless as U.S. debt deflates the value of the dollar.
Supporters consider the move a potential financial savior and envision a day when residents can carry debit cards funded by the gold they hold in special depositories.
Miles Lester, who represents a group called Arizona Constitutional Advocates, said during a recent public hearing on legal-tender legislation that “the dollar is on its way out. It's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when.”
Economists question the stability of gold and silver as an alternative for currency, noting that the value of gold in particular has tumbled precipitously in just the past week. Opponents call the movement crazy, a waste of legislative time and nearly impossible to implement. Utah has had the law on its books for two years and still has no organized system for spending and accepting gold and silver.
“Stop messing with this thing that does nothing but divide people,” Sen. Steve Farley, D-Tucson, said. “We've got real work we should be doing down here.”
Senate Bill 1439 would authorize the use of coins or bullion containing gold or silver to pay a debt. The coins must have been issued by the U.S. government or approved by a court, such as the American eagle gold-bullion coin. But no person would be required to use or accept gold or silver as legal tender.
The bill still needs a final vote in the Senate before going to Gov. Jan Brewer. It has not yet been scheduled for a vote, but after being approved by the House, it is expected to pass.
If it becomes law, it would not go into effect after the 2014 legislative session. Bill sponsor Sen. Chester Crandell, R-Heber, said that gives the Legislature time to pass additional bills next session dealing with implementation. SB 1439 is just the first step, they said.
“Arizona needs to be proactive in providing opportunities for those who have been saving gold,” they said.
Proposed solution
In 2011 Utah passed a nearly identical law recognizing gold and silver coins or bullion as legal tender, but there hasn't been a rush to use them to pay for goods.
“The functional effect of what's been done here is nominal, to my knowledge,” said Utah Chief Deputy State Treasurer David Damschen. “The problem is, the population that wants to be able to transact business in this alternative medium is very small.”
Damschen said the Utah law was pushed by individuals with concerns that federal reserve policies, particularly printing more money, are making the dollar unstable. They compared it to the immigration debate, where individuals frustrated with a lack of acceptable action from the federal government have pushed individual states to take the matter into their own hands.
“Those are reasonable concerns,” they said. “But we're not sure that individual states creating alternative systems is necessarily a good solution.”
They said proponents continue to work to develop a medium for exchanging gold or silver, but developing a system statewide to accommodate this small population is proving costly and economically problematic. They said no large banking companies have interest in participating.
The year after Utah passed its law, the influential American Legislative Exchange Council considered, but ultimately did not adopt, model legislation based on the idea. Dozens of Republican Arizona lawmakers are members of ALEC, which has been criticized for its conferences that connect lawmakers with corporate executives.
Several conservative and “tea party” groups have also begun to advocate for gold and silver as legal tender, including the Washington, D.C.-based American Principles Project. And in the past two years, more than a dozen states' lawmakers have considered similar bills. But none have become law.
Crandell said there is a lot of public sentiment in support of SB 1439. “The whole thing came from constituents,” Crandell said.
Jim Pinkerman, another member of the Arizona Constitutional Advocates group supporting the measure, said in a public hearing the bill is vital to preparing residents for a failing federal reserve system.
“When the dollar is inflated by the Federal Reserve and it loses its value ... we need to be prepared,” they said. “We are at the tipping point. Gold and silver keep their value.”
Doug Ardt, Republican precinct committeeman for Legislative District 26 covering parts of Mesa and Tempe, said the bill is in the public interest.
“People are buying silver by the bags just for the store of value against inflation,” they said. “This act provides a complementary action against inflation and numerous other changes to our economy.”
Farley disagrees.
“You hear the argument that we've got to protect our wealth, so it's interesting that this is happening in a time of crashing gold values,” they said. “It's unclear how this helps, so I am left thinking this is purely ideological. And I am so sick and tired of the ideological.”
Farley said the bill is impractical, asking who will oversee companies that store gold for customers and how stores will determine the value of each coin.
“How long are the grocery store lines going to be after this?” they asked. “It becomes a very bureaucratic and complicated structure and involves expanding the scope of government.”
Three of the Senate's more moderate Republicans — Sen. Rich Crandall, R-Mesa,Sen. Michele Reagan, R-Scottsdale, and Sen. Bob Worsley, R-Mesa — all voted for the bill in the Senate Finance Committee.
Worsley said the U.S. has never had the kind of debt it currently has.
“We've never seen an economy this large, this in debt, printing more money like we are today,” they said. “If people feel more comfortable having gold and silver instead of dollar bills in their bank account, I think we should give them that choice.”
Expert input
Arizona economists dismissed the proposal as unnecessary and questioned supporters' statements that gold and silver are more stable than the dollar, particularly as the value of gold has plummeted recently.
“Merchants don't have to accept it, so what's the point?” asked Dennis Hoffman, economics professor and director of the L. William Seidman Research Institute at the W. P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University. “Can you imagine going in to buy clothing or a pizza with a lump of gold? The retailer is going to look at you like you are crazy.”
Even if the bill becomes law, Hoffman said they don't think the idea will take off with more than a small portion of the state's population.
“And the logic that gold is more stable ... gold lost almost 10 percent of its value in one day (recently),” they said. “Why? Because governments in southern Europe are selling.”
Gold prices have been rising steadily year-over-year since 2001, and hit a record high of $1,920 in 2011. But prices have fallen about 17 percent this year.
The price opened at $1,560 last Friday and by Monday had plunged to $1,361 in the biggest daily loss in 30 years.
Hoffman predicts gold will continue to be volatile for the next few years as governments sort out their economic situations.
They said the reason for such legislation is likely either a money-maker for gold sellers or to make a political statement. Neither, they said, is a good reason for investors to put all their financial eggs in one basket — even if there are challenges with the country's current financial situation.
“The Fed is doing their level best to try to restore some stability in the payment system after what was arguably a greater shock than the Great Depression if you look at wealth evaporation,” they said. “I'd rather have the Fed and its institution set the amount of currency circulating through our economy than have the value of our currency be dependent on whether or not the Russians wake up someday and decide to sell a third of their gold stock.”
Lee Ohanian, associate director for the Center for Advanced Study of Economic Efficiency at ASU, agrees that if there's inflation, the value of gold and silver will rise. But when inflation rises, so do interest rates, which helps people with cash in banks. “A bank account, on average, will protect you as well against inflation as gold and silver will,” they said.
Introducing new ways to pay for things will cause more problems than it will solve, Ohanian said.
“It imposes a whole new level of bookkeeping on businesses if they've got to accept dollars and coins and gold and silver,” they said.
The Arizona Department of Revenue is neutral on the bill. Legislative liaison Sean Laux said the department did have questions about its impact if the state had to accept gold as payment for taxes.
“We didn't know how we would value the gold and silver that folks would come in and pay,” Laux said.
The House later amended the bill to no longer require the state to accept such payments.
Reach the reporter at alia.rau@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-4947.
There has been much speculation over the past three years about Turkey's supporting radical Islamist groups in an attempt to end Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's government, however, has categorically denied these allegations.
Yet the release of a video, allegedly showing a “jihadist” crowd gathering in Istanbul on July 28 for the prayers marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan, has sparked controversy. The recording was released by takvahaber.net, described by Turkish media as an online portal close to the Islamic State (IS).
This website was the only source that reported the assembling of this crowd in Omerli, on the Anatolian side of Istanbul. The 26-minute recording includes a long preaching segment. “Let God make us fight the just war of jihad,” the preacher says. “May God help jihadists and those who are patient for victory. May God help their shots hit the mark.”
Although the Turkish parliament was in summer recess, Sezgin Tanrikulu, a main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) deputy, submitted a written query through the speaker's office, asking that it be answered by Interior Minister Efkan Ala. Asking the security establishment to confirm first whether this gathering took place in Istanbul and whether this was really a crowd affiliated with IS, Tanrikulu asked whether there were any IS camps within Turkey's borders.
“Are the allegations true that the IS militants also use this open field for militant training?” Tanrikulu asked. “Have these people asked for any official permission to gather this crowd to mark the end of Ramadan? If so, who gave them this permission? What were the Istanbul security director and the head of gendarmerie in the Istanbul area doing when these people were calling for jihad there?”
They added, “Is it true that both the police department and the gendarmerie units were ordered not to interfere when the group, the extension of a terrorist organization, was calling for jihad in Istanbul? Who gave these orders?”
No Turkish government official has yet said a word about the affair. Speaking to Al-Monitor, Turkish authorities said they were so far dependent on this website's allegation that this event took place in Istanbul. “Although we cannot provide you any official confirmation that this event took place in Istanbul, it seems quite likely that it was recorded where they claim it was,” one official who asked to remain anonymous told Al-Monitor.
These authorities also note various challenges they face. Although Turkey designates al-Qaeda as a terrorist organization, there is a big question mark whether IS militants are also categorized as “terrorists.” Once the state depicts a group as a terror organization, it activates all its tools to fight against its members. “It is not really clear whether there is any such order here,” this official told Al-Monitor. “What makes everything more complicated is that IS kidnapped Turkey's Mosul Consulate members, and there are rumors about a tough ransom negotiation to rescue them.” The rumor is that Turkey will pay about $300 million to get its diplomats back.
IS stormed the Turkish Consulate in Mosul on June 11, taking hostage all 49 members of its staff hostage, including Consul General Ozturk Yilmaz.
The same authorities Al-Monitor talked to suggested that IS has actually shown its muscle to the Erdoğan government by releasing this video. “The government has already put a gag order on the media not to report anything that could offend the IS. And they release this video footage — all in Turkish, shot in Istanbul, and there is no word from the government yet. They have taken the government hostage as well with this video,” this official told Al-Monitor. “If they don't act today for the sake of saving these 49 diplomats, it is not clear what they can do next. It is a very delicate and tough decision for the government, but one has to draw the line before it gets too late.”
Put simply, whether the Erdoğan government helped the radical Islamic groups fight against the Assad regime could be irrelevant, as these groups already openly operate in Turkish territory. What is relevant today is that these groups are posing a threat to Turkey in terms of potentially recruiting and radicalizing its own population. If IS is not really considered a terrorist organization, the security establishment is quite restricted in how it may act against these militants. Therefore, only the government can determine when it is time to call them one. The media, however, remain restricted in talking about this group until the Turkish diplomats' fates become clear.
Iron Man 3 will be available on DVD, Blu-ray and digital download from September 9th.
Pre-order your copy from Amazon.co.uk today.
The film continues the big-screen adventures of the world's favourite billionaire inventor/Super Hero, Tony Stark aka “Iron Man” and follows in the footsteps of the box-office hit Marvel's Avengers Assemble.
Robert Downey Jr. returns as Stark/Iron Man along with Gwyneth Paltrow as Pepper Potts, Don Cheadle as James “Rhodey” Rhodes and Jon Favreau as Happy Hogan.
UK cinema goers loved the film, spending more than £11.4 million on tickets in the opening weekend alone, significantly up on the opening weekend of the last two Iron Man movies.
The DVD and Blu-ray releases offer fans a host of special features:
2D BLU-RAY BONUS FEATURES:
One Shot Short – Agent Carter
Deconstructing the Scene: Attack On Air Force One: Jump into action with the stunt-team in this close-up look at creating one of the movie's most memorable scenes.
Exclusive Behind-The-Scenes Look – Marvel's Thor: The Dark World—Experience the spectacular new worlds, unforgettable characters, and pulse-pounding thrills of the upcoming blockbuster movie.
Marvel's Iron Man 3 Unmasked—Join cast and crew for a crash course in epic movie-making, Marvel style.
Gag Reel
Deleted & Extended Scenes
Audio Commentary—With Drew Pearce & Shane Black
DVD BONUS FEATURES
Behind-the-Scenes Featurettes
Deconstructing the Scene: Attack On Air Force One: Jump into action with the stunt-team in this close-up look at creating one of the movie's most memorable scenes.
Exclusive Behind-The-Scenes Look – Marvel's Thor: The Dark World—Experience the spectacular new worlds, unforgettable characters, and pulse-pounding thrills of the upcoming blockbuster movie.
Odyssey 5 is a Canadian science fiction series that first ran in 2002 on Showtime in the United States and on Space in Canada. The premise involves five space travelers who witness the destruction of the Earth; they are given the opportunity to travel to the past to identify and prevent the cataclysm.
Odyssey 5 was created by Manny Coto, who was a script-writer and executive producer during the series run. Through their website and in interviews, Coto has expressed their interest in returning to the series at some point, either continuing it or giving it a conclusion.[citation needed]
The series was produced in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Plot [ edit ]
The story follows six people on a routine flight of the space shuttle Odyssey, on August 7, 2007: four astronauts, a scientist, and a television news reporter. During the flight, the Earth rapidly dissolves into a fiery ball and implodes. Control of the Odyssey is momentarily lost, and one astronaut is killed. The remaining five crew members resign themselves to death, but an inorganic being called the Seeker rescues them. The Seeker tells them that fifty other worlds have been destroyed in the same way as Earth, and the Seeker has always arrived too late to observe it; this is the first time they have found survivors. They offer to send them five years into the past (to 2002, the year the series aired), so that they can prevent the disaster. They send only their consciousnesses back, because physical time travel is impossible. The mission commander learns a codeword associated with the disaster: Leviathan.
The villains are a race of disembodied artificial intelligences known as "Sentients". These AIs are trying to learn about humanity through artificial humanoid robots called "Synthetics", which are nearly indistinguishable from humans. Another group of Synthetics is discovered to be from Mars. In the original timeline, a previous race of Synthetics created by humanity was destroyed by a secret US government agency. Whether the destruction of the Earth was retaliation for this act by the Sentients is never revealed.
While they search for the truth, the team must also revisit their pasts while retaining past knowledge of what is to come. Reporter Sarah Forbes tries to save their five-year-old son, who died of cancer in the original timeline. Them efforts in this direction alienate their husband, who leaves them and takes their son with him. Astronaut Angela Perry must deal with the knowledge that their father is a corrupt U.S. Senator whose malfeasance destroyed their family in the original timeline. Commander Chuck Taggart must try to keep their family together. Their son, Neil, a computer technician on the Odyssey, must adjust to being seventeen again, when they were a poor student who hadn't yet discovered their talents. Pessimistic scientist Kurt Mendel believes they cannot change history and spends their time indulging every desire.
The series characters are not friends and frequently disagree; the humanity of the team is shown through arguments, jokes, and their attempts to maintain social lives and help the world with their limited knowledge of the future.
Many of the show's plotlines involve technologies like AI, nanotechnology and neuroimaging.
A recurring theme is that the actions of the group may hasten the cataclysm they are trying to avoid, or alter history in undesirable ways. A character who was supposed to live until 2007 dies in the first episode after helping the group. In one episode, Sarah and Angela protect a girl they know will be kidnapped. Although this prevents that individual's kidnapping, the kidnapper takes a different child. Kurt makes a large bet on a football game whose outcome is already known to him, but the pressure of knowing has a negative effect on a player instrumental in winning the game, and the team loses.
Cast [ edit ]
Peter Weller — Chuck Taggart, commander of the Odyssey mission and leader of the group when they jump back to the past.
Sebastian Roché — Kurt Mendel, Nobel Prize-winning behavioral geneticist whose atheistic outlook and hedonistic tendencies often bring comic relief to the story.
Christopher Gorham — Neil Taggart, Chuck's son. NASA's youngest astronaut at age 22, they succeeded where their older brother, Marc, had failed. They constantly have to deal with the struggles of growing up again and the repercussions that came with their High School delinquencies.
Tamara Marie Watson — Angela Perry, an astronaut who was rendered unconscious when the Earth imploded, waking up disoriented five years in the past, in their MMU about to burn up in the atmosphere. Them issues following their return have a repercussion on their career altering their future.
Leslie Silva — Sarah Forbes, a reporter who tagged along with the Odyssey for a report, finding themselves back before their son died from cancer and threatens to tear their family apart through their determination not to let them die again.
Gina Clayton — Paige Taggart, the matriarch who struggles to believe that their husband and son are time travelers.
Episodes [ edit ]
No. Title Directed by Written by Original air date 1 "Pilot" David Carson Manny Coto 21 June 2002 ( ) On August 7, 2007, five astronauts are sole survivors of an inexplicable apocalyptic event that caused Earth to suddenly blow up. An alien AI construct that's investigating similar incidents arrives and sends them five years into the past to stop the event. 2 "Shatterer" Randy Zisk Manny Coto 28 June 2002 ( ) The crew tries to prevent the suicide of a notable mathematician who developed sentient AI programs. Sarah and Angela investigate a suspicious gene therapy treatment. Neil returns to high school and meets their now underage girlfriend. 3 "Astronaut Dreams" David Straiton Manny Coto 5 July 2002 ( ) Fearing it might destroy Earth, Chuck plans to sabotage NASA's new satellite project Bright Sky. Sarah tries to prevent a crime that happened in the original timeline but now it happens differently. Kurt finds a way to detect synthetics. 4 "Time Out of Mind" David Straiton Tracy Tormé 12 July 2002 ( ) The Odyssey crew begin to lose their memories of the future and their present mission to save the Earth. 5 "Symbiosis" Randy Zisk Lindsay Sturman 19 July 2002 ( ) Someone tips the crew on how to find the missing deaf niece of a scientist who worked on mind control technology. Sarah meets the man whom they married in the original timeline. Marc passes NASA's first test. Angela deals with their folks. 6 "The Choices We Make" Peter Weller Tim Foreman 26 July 2002 ( ) The crew has visions of people asking them if they believe that anything is possible. This leads to Chuck and Neil confronting a painful memory, Sarah dealing with their son's cancer and Kurt and Angela seeing the future they could've had. 7 "Rapture" Stephen Williams Edithe Swensen 2 August 2002 ( ) Neil's classmate hooks Niel's girlfriend and some other kids on a strange psychoactive drug that seemingly makes people smarter. Chuck learns that NASA's new flight director is part of "The Cadre" cabal. Angela's psych evaluation is up. 8 "L.D.U. 7" George Mendeluk Tommy Thompson 9 August 2002 ( ) Chuck, Kurt and Sarah infiltrate a private high tech prison called Lock Down Unit 7 to find the convict who claims that the people they killed were synthetic replicas of their parents. Neil's brother is having an identity crisis. 9 "Flux" Ken Girotti Edithe Swensen 16 August 2002 ( ) Chuck gets infected by a synthetic and starts turning into one. The other synthetics want them to join them. Sarah tries to get joint custody of their son, after their father takes them away. Marc is tested by their supervisor. 10 "Kitten" Milan Cheylov Lindsay Sturman 23 August 2002 ( ) Neil is being stalked by Kit-10, an insane all-powerful female AI. Sarah loses their visitation rights. Angela is on a new joint space mission with a friendly Russian astronaut, Tatianna Kosviskova. Kit-10 uses them as hostages. 11 "Dark at the End of the Tunnel" Peter Weller Tracy Tormé 30 August 2002 ( ) As Texas is plagued by a heatwave that did not exist in the original timeline, Kurt is led to a town that is waiting for the arrival of God. 12 "The Trouble with Harry" Stephen Williams Alan Brennert 6 September 2002 ( ) The Odyssey 5 team forms an alliance with a friendly geeky sentient, who calls themselves Harry Mudd and has a great lust for life, to stop a powerful insane female sentient, who plans to destroy Earth. 13 "Skin" Bryan Spicer Lindsay Sturman & Edithe Swensen 13 September 2002 ( ) Man-made artificially intelligent synthetic organism that imitates human skin and can attach itself to a person and take them over jumps from one person to another in an attempt to kill Angela's father. Chuck's worst nightmare comes true. 14 "Begotten" Terry Ingram Lindsay Sturman & Edithe Swensen 1 October 2002 ( ) Chuck takes a trip down memory lane with a young female hitchhiker. Kurt grows a human-synthetic hybrid. It attacks them and escapes. They suffer a mental breakdown and becomes convinced that the crew has been replaced by synthetics. 15 "Vanishing Point" David Winkler Melinda M. Snodgrass 1 October 2002 ( ) Chuck suddenly wakes up in a hospital with their dead wife by their side. They claim that it was they who almost died, not she. Sarah and Angela investigate a mass grave tied to a Transhumanist group. Neil loses their virginity - again. 16 "Follow the Leader" George Mendeluk Jonathan Glassner 8 October 2002 ( ) A group of children who all visit the same computer lab receive a strange signal over the Internet and become obsessed with it to the point of killing anyone who tries to interfere. Chuck's estranged sister helps them deal with their grief. 17 "Half-Life" Stephen Williams Lindsay Sturman & Edithe Swensen 8 October 2002 ( ) Angela believes that the ghost of their dead ex boyfriend, a pilot who got killed in an experiment, is haunting them Sarah starts dating a colleague they ended up marrying in the original timeline. 18 "Rage" Ken Girotti Michael Cassutt 15 October 2002 ( ) Dr. Chandra dies under suspicious circumstances and leaves the crew a disk that synthetics want. The crew investigates what caused a strange riot in a peaceful suburbanite neighborhood in the original timeline and tries to prevent it. 19 "Fossil" Peter Weller Manny Coto & Jonathan Glassner 15 October 2002 ( ) Chuck analyzes a strange Moon rock concealed by NASA and finally gets some answers. Angela is kidnapped. A cop falsely suspects Kurt. Sarah's wish comes true - as well as their worst nightmare. The show ends on an unresolved cliffhanger.
Broadcast history [ edit ]
In the United States, the initial run of the series ran for 14 of the 20 episodes, leaving the six remaining episodes unaired for a period of roughly two years. (They aired in 2004 on Showtime as "missing" episodes, which ostensibly included the open-ended series finale.) The series made a full run of all 20 episodes in the United Kingdom on Sky One and on Sci Fi Channel and in Canada. In 2004, the series aired in Finland on Nelonen and thus could also be seen in Estonia, and in June 2004 it premiered in Germany on Sat.1. In 2005, it aired in the Netherlands on NET 5 after midnight. In addition, Odyssey 5 is being or has been aired on RTL Klub in Hungary,[2] and premiered in Australia on the Sci Fi Channel in December 2006 and on channel TV6 in Lithuania in 2008.
It has aired on Cadena 3 (channel 28) in Mexico, the Sci Fi Channel in the United States, SIC Radical in Portugal, Mega Channel in Greece, tv 3 in Estonia, extreme tv in Spain and AXN Sci Fi in Romania, Poland and Bulgaria.[3] It was also aired on channel 3 in israel
Home release [ edit ]
The series was released as a Complete Box Set (Region 1) in April 2006, and in Region 2 territories on 26 June 2006.[4] As an extra feature, the DVD set has a commentary track on the pilot episode by Manny Coto and Peter Weller.
A California man charged with possessing an explosive device and threatening to kill Muslims will spend 90 days in jail and serve three years probation after accepting a plea deal.
KRON reports 55-year-old William Celli, an admirer of Republican front-runner Donald Trump, pleaded guilty last week to a charge that they attempted to violate the free exercise of civil rights. In exchange for their guilty plea, the Contra Costa County District Attorney's Office has dropped a charge of making criminal threats as a hate crime.
Facebook William Celli.
Celli are arrested on Dec. 20, 2015, days after they yelled “I'm going to kill you all!” outside the Islamic Society of West Contra Costa County. After police got a tip that Celli was building homemade explosives with the intent of targeting local Muslims, they executed a search warrant at Celli's home.
There, they found a suspicious device and detonated it.
Celli, a self-employed plumber, made a series of xenophobic, Islamophobic and pro-Trump Facebook posts in the months leading up to their arrest.
In an Oct. 21, 2015 post, Celli wrote that Trump was a "great point man" who they would "follow to the end of the world."
In a post on Oct. 25, 2015, Celli seemed to express outrage over a supposed influx of Muslim immigrants, writing, "Kiss your Christian asses goodbye."
In another post, they lamented that they "lost 30% of my business to to Hispanics coming to my country under false pretenses ... and freeload in construction or in the blue collar sector they need to go back home lets not talk about the welfare they suck dry."
As part of their plea deal last week, The Richmond Standard reported, Celli is not allowed to have an active Facebook page.
At a time when attacks on mosques and Muslim individuals are at an all-time high, this will send a message that such actions will have consequences.” Zahra Billoo, executive director at the San Francisco-Bay Area chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations
Celli's arrest in December came amid a frightening surge in anti-Muslim hate crimes and rhetoric after terror attacks in Paris and San Bernardino. In the month leading up to their arrest, the number of hate crimes against Muslims in the United states tripled.
And on Dec. 8, just two weeks before Celli's arrest, Donald Trump called for a ban on all Muslims entering the United States.
“We welcome the jail time handed out in this case and are appreciative of the cooperation and support from law enforcement and the district attorney's office shown to the local Muslim community,” Zahra Billoo, executive director at the San Francisco-Bay Area chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said in a statement Thursday. “At a time when attacks on mosques and Muslim individuals are at an all-time high, this will send a message that such actions will have consequences.”
Link of the day - The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less
On a shady lane in New Hope, Pa., a quiet revolution in American culture may be taking shape. Here, a family of four lives in a white, colonial-style house in a manner that once would have been considered All-American but more recently has been seen as just plain weird: They're frugal.
Meet Leah Ingram, Bill Behre, and daughters Jane, 13, and Annie, 11. They walk most everywhere, they rarely eat out, they sometimes buy clothing at consignment shops, and they turn the lights off when they leave a room.
Theirs is no hard-luck-in-a-recession story. The Ingram-Behre family is solidly middle-class, fully employed, and not especially threatened by the conniptions gripping Wall Street. Behre, 43, is a dean at the College of New Jersey, while Ingram, 42, is a successful freelance writer and etiquette expert. They have no credit card debt.
That's now. A little more than a year ago, the family was ensnared in America's consume-at-all-costs culture. During the days of soaring home prices and easy credit, they took out a $101,000 home-equity loan on a previous house and spent lavishly on a lifestyle upgrade—going on three cruises in two years and taking the kids on annual pilgrimages to Disney World. "After 9/11 it became patriotic to shop, and we became as patriotic as anybody," laments Behre, sitting in the dining room after a meal of chicken stir-fry—washed down with tap water.
Ingram and Behre are harbingers of a dawning Age of Frugality. People who overconsumed during the past decade are now rejecting extravagant lifestyles. They're spending less, and more wisely. Some are getting their finances in order. Others are fearful of losing their jobs, shocked by investment losses, or hunkering down amid the general uncertainty.
The penny-pinching is already showing up in the numbers; this quarter could mark the first fall in personal consumption in 17 years. And with credit tight and Americans loaded down with $2.6 trillion in personal debt, consumer borrowing dropped in August, the first such contraction since 1991. Menzie D. Chinn, who teaches economics at the University of Wisconsin, figures consumers won't be in a position to spend freely for five years.
Which brings us to what John Maynard Keynes called the paradox of thrift. What's good for the individual, argued the famous economist, can ignite or deepen a recession. But that won't deter the newly thrifty. "I can't help the economy," says Kim Schultz, a resident of hard-hit Avoca, Mich., who with their husband, Jon, owes $40,000 in credit-card debt. "I've got to help myself." On the other hand, this newfound austerity could—emphasis on could—rewire Americans as savers rather than spenders. And that would help put the economy on a sounder footing over the long haul.
Thrift has gone in and out of style since the founding of the republic. In the McGuffey Reader of the 19th century, Benjamin Franklin was held up as a paragon of virtue for their frugal ways. Later, people who lived through the Great Depression were in some cases marked for life by the experience. Typical of them is Bernard Handel, an 82-year-old resident of Poughkeepsie, N.Y., who grew up poor in the Bronx. In the early 1930s, their father's grocery store failed and their dad couldn't find another job for several years. To this day, even though Handel became very wealthy, they shop for food with coupons, drives a Honda, and takes the subway rather than taxis. "I just don't believe in throwing money away," they say.
A RUDE AWAKENING
Handel's baby-boomer children grew up without psychological scars from the Depression. And the boomers' children have come of age in an era of abundance, easy credit, and a taste for luxury. So it's no wonder that the sudden need for thrift comes as an upsetting shock for many. Some are calling for a massive public education effort on the level of the anti-drunk-driving and anti-smoking campaigns that have been so successful. "We want to build a culture that's more hospitable to thrift, so it's not seen as odd but fostered and nudged along," says Barbara Dafoe Whitehead, co-author of For a New Thrift: Confronting the Debt Culture, a new report from The Institute for American Values, a think tank.
To be sure, there are odd moments on the journey to a thriftier lifestyle. To demonstrate, Bill Behre pulls out a mobile phone and twists it back and forth so the light glints off of rhinestones glued on by daughter Annie before they got a new phone. Behre's own phone was ruined in a rainstorm, so he's using this gaudy hand-me-down until they can get a free replacement in March. "This is the ultimate in frugal," they say.
It was Ingram who got things started. They were raised by a thrifty mother, but by the time they married Behre, mom's influence had worn off and she'd amassed $30,000 in credit-card debt. Controlling spending was hit or miss until the early 2000s, when the family embarked on a shopping spree.
Things nearly spun out of control after they upgraded to a better house. Despite raiding their retirement funds to help with the down payment, they ended up with higher monthly payments. Ingram remembers the day, May 24, 2007, they sold their previous home, and realized their family would take away only $60,000 even though the place had nearly doubled in value, to $490,000. "I was practically nauseated when I realized what our out-of-control spending had done," they say. They and Behre made a pact: They would live more frugally. Then they broke the news to the kids. No more cruises or Disney vacations. They'd get an allowance of $20 a month. And they'd be walking to school, the store, and friends' houses.
The girls were intrigued at first. Then they realized their comfortable, materialistic lives were really changing. Annie, whose shopping-for-pleasure habit had been indulged by their parents, suddenly had to make do at a secondhand store called Plato's Closet. Now the girls are resigned to this new way of life.
Sticking to the program requires vigilance. When Ingram does drive, they calculate the relative costs of traveling a few more miles to get gas for a few cents cheaper. And on the rare occasions they do go out to dinner, they feel guilty. "I want to keep myself accountable," they say. "I don't want to backslide." So far, the plan is working. In the old days, the family overspent their checking account by an average of $300 a month—dipping into the home-equity funds to make up the difference. Now they're in the black by about $800 a month. Since making their big changes, they accelerated payments on a car loan and managed to pay it off.
Ingram has started a blog, The Lean Green Family, where they encourage others to be more frugal. They and Behre say they've learned valuable lessons. One is to be flexible: Give yourself a treat every now and then. Another is to have a goal. They're saving for a new recreation room. "Being frugal is like dieting," says Behre. "It's more sustainable if you have a target you're aiming for."
As joblessness creeps up, many more Americans will receive their own crash course in frugality. It has already happened to Ned Penberthy, 53, a salesperson who lives in Pelham, N.Y. They recently got a new job, took a cut in base pay, and has been living the frugal lifestyle ever since. Penberthy says he's in it for the long haul—willing to spend more up front to reap savings over the next several years. They installed expensive but energy-sipping CFL light bulbs in their house, and replaced some of their appliances with more efficient ones. For him, every penny counts. For instance, they switched from shaving cream to a bar of shaving soap. They figure they save $6 a year that way. "It's not much, but there's a psychological benefit," they say.
Like a lot of boomers, Penberthy has a nest egg, but many people in their 20s and 30s have little to fall back on. To get on track, they have to learn the difference between necessities and discretionary spending. "They need to go back to [psychologist Abraham] Maslow's hierarchy of needs—food, clothing, shelter, and transportation," says Kristine E. Miele, a financial planner. She's offering "Lessons for Life" classes, gradually weaning young people off their spending habits one luxury at a time.
In the past, consumers have gone shopping the moment the sun came out. But this time? Market researchers trying to divine the consumer psyche are picking up signs that attitudes are changing. Booz & Co. recently conducted a survey of nearly 1,000 households. Among other findings, 43% of respondents said they are eating at home more and 25% said they were cutting spending on hobbies and sports activities. In both cases, most said they'd continue doing so even when the economy improves. Much the way pump prices have prompted many Americans to forsake SUVs for small cars, the collapse of home values and 401(k)s will make consumers think twice before hitting the mall.
[Via - BusinessWeek.Com]
Real Home Sells For $1.75 On EBay
Las Vegas rolling the dice on its new mob museum
I'll buy your house if you'll buy mine" is the latest real estate marketing tactic.
A San Diego entrepreneur has found a perfect business for frustrating times: Selling customers breakables to fling against wall
10 Books You Have To Read If You Believe Humans Are Rational
From Chronicle Staff Writer Susan Slusser
Sonny Gray will start tomorrow night's winner-take-all Game 5 of the American League Division Series at the Coliseum, the electrifying 23-year-old rookie moving up in the rotation and getting the call over All-Star Bartolo Colon.
“He's a bit of a bulldog – he's scared of nothing,” A's manager Bob Melvin said of Gray.
Gray worked eight scoreless innings in the A's Game 2 victory in Oakland, and Colon allowed three quick runs in Game 1 – all the Tigers needed to take that series opener – before settling down the rest of the way.
“It came down to Sonny's last game,” Melvin said of the final decision, adding later, “I think this is all about Sonny Gray. We've all been impressed with them in the short period of time.”
The Tigers never had seen Gray before Saturday, so a little more familiarity now might help them, manager Jim Leyland said.
“At least we have seen them now. It does make some difference,” Leyland said. “With the stuff they were featuring, it certainly does not mean we're going to be in a comfort zone, but it makes you a little more comfortable, now that you know the action on the ball, the great breaking ball that they have.
This kid is a great‑looking young pitcher, so it will be better for us than it was the other night, hopefully. Now that we have seen him, it does make some difference.”
Colon has not defeated the Tigers since April 13, 2003, going 0-7 with a 6.93 ERA against them in their past 14 regular-season starts.
Melvin said they are not sure that Colon will be available in relief, citing concerns about Colon's fairly strict pre-start routine; many starting pitchers have difficulty working in relief when they have elaborate pregame routines. They said that Colon did volunteer to do so, if needed and they have not been ruled out.
Delivering the news to Colon that they are not starting tomorrow night was not something Melvin looked forward to.
“First of all, imagine how difficult it was for me,” Melvin said. “This guy has 18 wins and has been our ace and been as consistent as you could ever be. And he's an All-Star on top of it, a 40‑year‑old veteran.
“He made it easy on me. They looked at me and said, “OK, I just want a win.' … They could have had a gripe, and I would not have been surprised if they did. But like I said, they made it easy on me and said, ‘I just want to win.' ”
Asked if Game 3 starter Jarrod Parker might be available in relief on three days' rest – Parker does have a small bit of relief experience, one game in the 2011 postseason with Arizona – Melvin said the team would have to see how Parker is feeling tomorrow. Melvin expressed some concern on Tuesday about the quality of Parker's stuff in Game 3 and said that they thought Parker did not look 100 percent on Monday.
The's clearly like getting Gray starts at home when possible; they pitched the regular-season home finale, when Oakland won the AL West title, and they started Game 2, with Jarrod Parker going in Game 3 at Detroit. Should the A's advance to the ALCS, they would open on the road at Boston on Saturday.
For the second time this series, Gray's opposing starter will be Justin Verlander, the former Cy Young and MVP winner who almost single-handedly beat Oakland with two dominating performances in the 2012 ALDS, including a Game 5 victory at Oakland.
Verlander did not allow a run in seven innings on Saturday; the A's won it in the ninth when Stephen Vogt hit a bases-loaded walkoff single off Rick Porcello.
“We feel this team has a better chance to go out there and turn the tide,” Melvin said of the difficulty for a starter to continually have to throw up zeroes against a strong big-league club. “He's a big-game postseason pitcher and we have just run into them at the wrong time too many times.”
Melvin will not have any lineup changes tomorrow unless it's a second base. As they have said before every game this series, though, they continue to like Alberto Callaspo off the bench as option in a big in-game situation. However, if there is a change, that's what it would be, Callaspo in for Sogard.
Melvin said that Game 4 starter Dan Straily was pitching with a cramp in their back the final three innings, one reason they got them out after six innings, especially with their bullpen lining up the way the A's like, with Sean Doolittle, Ryan Cook and Grant Balfour all available.
Straily tells me that the back tightness only bothered them between innings, while sitting and waiting; they were fine while on the mound and the issue did not affect their pitching.
I was not at Melvin's post-game press conference last night because I was in the clubhouse, so I asked them on today's conference call why they chose Brett Anderson over Jerry Blevins to relieve Cook in the eighth.
“I considered Jerry in that situation,” Melvin said. “It was a toss-up between the two. I knew I might have to go longer at that point in time through some righties, and that might have been the deciding factor. Not that Jerry doesn't get righties out, too. With the two of them down there, it's a difficult dynamic to figure out which one we're going to use.
“Jerry hasn't been getting some of the spots they normally would because of Brett and they're both talented and you have to pick one and that's who we picked the other night.”
I also asked Melvin about Josh Donaldson's series; the A's regular-season MVP is batting .176 with no RBIS and no runs scored, and they mentioned that Jed Lowrie had just started swinging the bat yesterday, with an RBI single and a two-run homer. So perhaps Donaldson is next.
“It's a little bit of a short sample, although it starts at zero in the postseason, and maybe he's trying to do too much at times,” Melvin said. “But look at Jed. Jed didn't get any hits the first couple of games and the next thing he's hitting a two‑run homer – and that's just (like) Josh. It's just a matter of time before they break out and tomorrow would be a good day for that.”
Neither club held workouts today. Tomorrow's game is at 5:07 p.m. and the A's are advising fans to take public transportation because of Pink's concert next door at Oracle Arena; I do not believe the entire parking lot will be available for A's parking even though the event is two hours before the concert, so BART it, carpool or arrive extra early would be my advice.
Hello!
We've been neck-deep in work since our last update, as we continue to develop Need to Know's story and finalise the gameplay for its early stages. We also set up the first backer poll and sent out your voting codes - it closed only a few days ago.
Poll 1 results
The results are in! Thank you to the 1269 of you who voted in Backer Poll 1 on our website.
The question was “Which types of suspects/profiles do you most want to see in the game?”
Voters could choose as many options as they liked, and it was a pretty close-run thing:
Backer Poll 1 results
‘Regular people' and ‘Corporate figures' just lost out to the favourite, ‘Government figures & agencies'. We'll be making sure to include plenty of suspects from all these categories throughout the game. ‘Celebrities & sportspeople' came last, but there was still enough support for the Department of Liberty to remain interested in these shady characters!
The ‘Other' option polled a healthy 93 votes, and provided us with some genuinely useful suggestions - too many to list them all here! Some ideas included:
“ International government agencies (i.e. competitors to DoL) ”
” “ Just regular people with some veeery shady secrets? ”
” “ Foreign nationals/spies ”
” "Everyone” - a popular choice for the Department of Liberty too!
Thank you for your votes and suggestions, and rest assured that the game will feature a wide range of different people from many walks of life.
Note: Voting was open to backers from Clearance Level 9 to 0, so if you're a backer at one of these levels and you didn't receive a Kickstarter message with instructions, please let us know and we'll correct it so that you can vote in Poll 2.
Backer Poll 2
Now that our first poll has closed, it's time for Mark II! The new question is:
‘Which types of mission are you most interested in playing?'
Check your Humble page for your voting code, and head over to our website to vote - same as last time. The poll will be open for 2 to 3 weeks, and we'll post on social media when it's about to close.
Soundtrack sample
Need to Know's soundscape is just as important as any other aspect of development. Our composer, Byron, has been working tirelessly to identify emotional tones for the game. We're delighted to share some of Byron's early work with you, along with a note from them describing their thoughts so far:
‘The story of Need to Know encompasses a broad spectrum of emotions and tones. In response to this, I've begun to sketch out ideas to match these tones, so as to give a fulfilling experience to each section of story and gameplay. In this sample, you can hear a few tracks I'd like to share, selected from all of those I've been working on so far. I'd love to hear feedback from you all on this and hope you enjoy!'
The reel contains samples of three tracks, which are tentatively titled ‘Gears', ‘Off' and ‘How'. Although not yet in their final forms, Byron will continue to shape them as development progresses, along with composing more new music.
Have a listen over on Soundcloud!
New artist
We can also announce a change of personnel on Need to Know, which sees the departure of our previous artist, John. A combination of creative differences and different time commitments means that they won't be continuing as our artist, though we hope to have them back in some capacity in the future. He's a terrific designer, and we greatly appreciate their contribution to the game's visual style so far.
Taking John's place will be Alison Reinglass, an Adelaide artist and designer with a breadth of experience in various forms of visual media. They previously assisted us with the earlier stages of Need to Know's visual development, and even helped Tristram and Quincy in designing the Department of Liberty seal.
As a designer and artist, Alison is excited to help enrich the scope and style of Need to Know. Majoring in digital art and sculpture, they graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in 2014. Since then, Alison has brought their unique skill set to freelance work in film, merchandise, visual art, and corporate design.
A draft of Alison's new face style.
Inspired by the works of Peter Daverington, Simon Stålenhag, and Stanley Chow, they hope to provide a fusion of visual storytelling, tech marketing, empathetic character art, modern design principles, and attention to detail.
Keyed up, Alison enters the world of Need to Know.
Until next time, adiós!
---
Social media plugging
Personal Tumblr:
Art Tumblr:
Twitter:
After I heard the Bill version of the Gravity Falls theme ( chongoblog.tumblr.com/post/128… ) I decided to make this. Was pretty fun trying to replicate the graphic of Bill Nye the science guy.Oh and if you think "Bill Tri the Cipher Eye" doesn't make much sense then I don't blame you... I needed something that sounded something close to "Bill Nye the Science Guy" and just went with one of the first names I could think of... kinda fits, since he's a TRIangle and all, and their name is Bill... and they have an eye... Yeah I don't know where I am going with this.Also the reason I made Bill three dimensional instead of the regular two dimensional was just because it fit better when trying to replicate the Bill Nye graphic.I'd love some criticism.Also a small disclaimer, the square pattern is not made by me, it was just an imagined I found on Google by searching"blueprint grid transparent" should be pretty easy to find. Also the "presents" and "The Cipher Eye" fonts are also not made by me, but are fonts that were pre-installed on my PC.I'm not making any money of this and I am only making it for fun and practice.
Engaged in various initiatives under the government's Digital India campaign, global tech giant Google is focusing on key areas like bringing more Indic language content online and helping 20 million small and medium enterprises set up Internet presence by 2017.
Though India is now the second-largest Internet market in the world, there is still a great deal of work to be done, Google VP and Managing Director, South East Asia and India, Rajan Anandan told PTI.
"That is why we are excited to be a partner to the Prime Minister's vision for Digital India, with its focus on empowerment, development, growth and governance," they added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched the government's ambitious 'Digital India' programme at the Digital India week on Wednesday last.
The event was attended by who's who of India Inc and top executives of foreign companies, who committed to invest Rs. 4,50,000 crores for the ambitious campaign that aims to provide telephony and fast Internet for all.
Google is already working with MyGov.in, Department of IT, Ministry of Culture and many state governments for initiatives aimed at promoting adoption of Internet amongst women, promoting digital literacy and Internet safety.
"Our big focus is on 4 key projects - Bringing more Indic language content online, help get 20 million SMBs online by 2017, make high-quality, affordable smartphones available to as many people as possible and bringing India's rich cultural heritage online," Anandan said.
Explaining further, they said that Internet today is still predominantly an English only medium in India.
"But many of the next 100 to 200 million Indians who come online won't speak English. So, we have been working with 30 partners on the Indian Language Internet Alliance (ILIA) to make the web more useful to Indic language speakers," they said.
Besides, a big focus is on helping more people access the web from their smartphones as well as adding more national monuments and world heritage sites from India to the platform for the world to see, they added. Talking about SMEs, Anandan said SMEs are the backbone of Indian economy.
"Empowering them to benefit from the Internet is something we care deeply about. Our target is to help get 20 million SMEs online by 2017," they said.
Asked about the challenges the government would face for ensuring success of Digital India, Anandan said: "We need to set aggressive timelines for the ambitious projects - becoming a true broadband nation should be a key priority".
"We also need to arrive at clearly defined processes and guidelines that are aligned with global trends and international standards for entrepreneurs to truly achieve India's full potential," Anandan added.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the rumors of my death have been wildly exaggerated. However, while I've been quiet the folks in the Development Department here at cPanel hasn't slowed down one bit, and there's a lot to talk about. Since our last update in October we have released two major versions of our software, and 3 mobile apps. Version 62 has made it all the way to the STABLE tier, version 64 is headed to CURRENT as soon as next week. Let's catch up!
Celebrating 20 Years!
We announced on Tuesday that we're celebrating 20 years of cPanel & WHM this year, and we're inviting you to pick up your very own 20th Anniversary Swag ! Thanks to TeeSpring's great prices, we can sell these items to you cheap, at just above cost. I'm personally looking forward to my mug and hoodie showing up.
EasyApache 4 Progress
HTTP/2, Suhosin, mod_pagespeed, EasyApache 4 has continued to progress, and we recently have started adding additional modules to the EasyApache Experimental Repository MemcacheD , and Mod_Evasive have already been added. We have FreeTDS , and Mod_BW on deck as well. EasyApache 4 adoption has gone up by another 5% in the last month, and its growth is holding strong.
EasyApache 3's End of Life date has been extended again to allow more time for webhosts that have yet to migrate, but it's still time to upgrade. Make sure to let us know what we can do to make it easier for you to upgrade to EasyApache 4!
Versions 62 and 64
Version 62 comes with a ton of UI and backend speed improvements, work in AutoSSL and the Market Provider, and the UI and backend changes for the LTS changes that begin with version 62 . There was also a ton of ground work laid for the features coming in version 64. Take a look at the full list of changes in the 62 release notes
The backup system got a little attention in version 64, including Incremental Backups with Multiple Retention Points, more options in backup retentions when there are failures, and a one-step migration assistant that allows you to move from the legacy backup system to the current system. iOS push notifications, AutoSSL's Proxy Subdomain inclusion, and two new styles in cPanel are just the beginning of the many changes in version 64. You can see the full list of new features in the release notes for version 64.
Mobile Apps
We've released three new and updated mobile apps in the last few months! WebDisk is one of cPanel's best kept secrets, and the Official cPanel WebDisk apps for iOS and Android take it to the next level. The app allows you to upload, manipulate, and download files directly on devices. The official cPanel App for iOS allows you to manage multiple logins, store your login credentials security, and reduces the complexity of logging in on multiple devices.
All of these apps are 100% free, and can be used with any supported version of cPanel & WHM. Download & install them, and let us know what you think!
2017 cPanel Conference!
Deadline for talk submissions is March 31st
With this being our 20 year celebration, we want this conference to be something incredibly special. This year's planning team has renewed its focus on integration and development, we are excited to put together the best conference yet! We have opened the call for talk submissions to everyone in the industry, and have already started accepting some! In addition to the free ticket and speaker swag bag, speakers will also get a coupon for 50% off one additional ticket.
From September 25th through September 27th we will be learning, building and sharing In Ft Lauderdale Florida. We want to make this conference what you want it to be.
Deprecations
We're also deprecating a few older, or unused things in the cPanel & WHM. Let's go over those.
TLS < 1.2
In Version 68 new installations of cPanel & WHM will be configured to only offer TLS 1.2 support, though upgrades from previous versions of cPanel & WHM will not be effected. The older, obsolete, and insecure TLS 1.0 can still be enabled manually by system administrators. You can see a list of browsers and their support of TLS version 1.2 at https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/clients.html. Any automation systems that via TLS/SSL will need tested and updated to work with TLS 1.2. Of note: while you will still be able to enable the older TLS protocol, with version 68 and later we will not support it or accept bug reports specific to TLS 1.0 and older.
In Version 68 new installations of cPanel & WHM will be configured to only offer TLS 1.2 support, though upgrades from previous versions of cPanel & WHM will not be effected. The older, obsolete, and insecure TLS 1.0 can still be enabled manually by system administrators. You can see a list of browsers and their support of TLS version 1.2 at https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/clients.html. Any automation systems that via TLS/SSL will need tested and updated to work with TLS 1.2. Of note: while you will still be able to enable the older TLS protocol, with version 68 and later we will not support it or accept bug reports specific to TLS 1.0 and older. XML-like output of APIs
The XML-like output of our API (often called the XML API) is already officially deprecated, and cPanel & WHM Version 70 will be the last version to support this output. Integrators and API users will want to begin switching to use the JSON output of the API now. The XLM-like format has long caused problems for integrators and developers because it is not valid XML, and we find that removing it completely will help reduce that.
Coming up next
I know that was a lot to take in, but we're already starting work on version 66 of cPanel & WHM. While it's still too early to say what will land in that version I can say that the incremental backup system, the remote backup destination system, and our third party software integrations are all getting a look!
If you haven't already, take a look at Mickey's post introducing himself, order a mug or a t-shirt , and then tweet me a picture of yourself with it.
This week I have been drafting incessantly because 1) I am playing GP Nashville this weekend, and 2) KTK is the nut. Here's what I've learned about KTK draft:
KTK is flush with playables, which is an interesting shift from M15. M15 had lots of unplayable cards, so many packs had only one reasonable card to choose from. In contrast, when confronted with the options in KTK draft, there is more room for creativity. Because everyone's deck will be at least “playable,” it's especially important to have a plan for gaining an edge. In my experience, there are three main ways to do that in this format.
Power Level
The most obvious way to gain an edge is to play more powerful spells than the opponent. It is not difficult to play three colors and splash a fourth, or even play solid four-color. However, in order to employ this strategy, it is necessary to dedicate some picks to mana-fixing (Banners don't count). The effectiveness of a multicolor strategy is determined by how highly other players draft lands. If lands are going late, then early picks can be spent on powerful multicolor cards, and mana-fixing picked up for free. If lands are hard to find, then early picks are split between powerful cards and lands, so you will either end up with weaker cards, or not be able to cast all of your powerful spells. A good rule of thumb for this strategy is uncommons, then mana-fixing, then commons. Also, morphs are particularly valuable, because they make hands without perfect mana keepable. Here is an example that would have a couple more lands in a perfect world (3-0):
I do not recommend a full-on five-color approach. Playing three main colors and splashing a fourth is quite different than splashing a fourth and fifth. Splashing cards of two different colors means that too many of your spells will be uncastable at any given time. It is fine to have one spell of a splash color stranded in hand for the early turns of the game, but when multiple spells get stranded it can be fatal. There are always exceptions, but in general, in order to draft five-color you have to spend too many early picks on mana-fixing, which dilutes the power-level of your deck—the opposite of the reason to play many colors.
Open Clan
Each clan has internal synergy. When one wedge is flowing, there's no need to branch out into more colors, just focus on drafting the best Abzan/Jeskai/Mardu/Temur/Sultai deck. However, not all clans are created equal. That order is from greatest to least inherent synergy. Abzan creatures have a lot of toughness which extends the game, and to outlast mechanic gains advantage in the late game. Because a long game is expected, Azban decks are often solidly three colors. Bitter Revelation is the only common way to gain card advantage in Abzan, so it is particularly important. Here is an example (3-0):
On a side note, how would you have built this deck? I think the last few card choices are quite interesting. I ended up changing my deck by 1-2 cards in sideboarding each match, but they were different swaps each time.
Jeskai also has a cohesive game plan—prowess creatures plus tempo spells. However, because Jeskai is usually aggressive, it is usually better to draft as a two-color pair, splashing the third.
The best reason to be Mardu is Ponyback Brigade. Goblins rushing to battle, trumpets blasting is a sure path to victory. Like Jeskai, Mardu is aggressive, so black/white Warriors splashing Ponyback and red uncommons is the norm.
Temur is mostly just a collection of good cards, so while synergy is not as important, having access to all the Snowhorn Riders is. That said, reliably turning on Savage Punch is a big game.
Sultai has delved synergy, but delve is a funny mechanic. You only want a few delve cards, and if you have too many enablers, you run the risk of decking. Because Sultai usually wants to go long, I often end up splashing a fourth color when I draft Sultai, so in a way it belongs in the previous section. This is an example of a deck that capitalized on five tri-color Sultai cards (3-0):
Tempo
The third way to gain advantage is speed. There are a few effective two-color strategies in KTK Limited. These archetypes favor consistency and early game dominance over powerful three-color cards. While others may have to spend early picks on mana-fixing, two-color decks have the advantage of being able to take the best aggressive card out of every pack. The downside is that some packs will be completely blank, so your colors must be open.
Perhaps the best two-color archetype is black/white Warriors. Huey wrote a nice article about the deck here. Another powerful archetype is All-In Red. All-In Red applies aggressive creatures like Valley Dasher and Bloodfire Expert in combination with removal like Bring Low, Arrow Storm, and Act of Treason to kill faster than any other deck in the format. Green is the natural complement to this strategy. Savage Punch is a huge game with Bloodfire Expert and Alpine Grizzly, and pump spells like Awaken the Bear and Dragonscale Boon fit perfectly. GR Savage Punch is by far the most fun archetype to draft for me.
Here is an example of SavagePunch.dec (2-1):
And a bit less punchy version (3-0):
It is also possible to pair red with blue (3-0):
Or even black (3-0):
Also worth mentioning is blue/green Icefeather Aven. Although Icefeather Aven is not necessary for the deck to function, it perfectly sums up the deck's plan. Play early, evasive creatures, bounce everything, attack. Delve can be a nice tempo play in this archetype. Treasure Cruise prevents you from petering out, and Hooting Mandrills means (monkey) business.
In summary, when drafting KTK, I believe it is important to have a repertoire of archetypes, and guide one's draft toward one of them. Hopefully this article helped illuminate some of these archetypes for you.
See you on stream Thursday 8 p.m.!
Nathan Holiday
@pseudo_nathan
twitch.tv/channelfireball
Anyone expecting Yahoo's board of directors to leap immediately into the beckoning arms of Microsoft isn't giving the object of Redmond's woo enough credit for playing hard to get ... $46 billion or no $46 billion.
From an FAQ posted to the company's Web site today:
Q1. How is Yahoo! responding to Microsoft's proposal? The Yahoo! Board is undertaking a deliberate review process. They're going to take time to thoroughly evaluate the proposal in the context of Yahoo!'s strategic plans. This will include evaluating all of the Company's strategic alternatives - including maintaining Yahoo! as an independent company. That process will take some time, but the Board will ultimately pursue the option that it believes can best maximize value for our shareholders. Q2. How long will the Board's review process take? A review process like this is fluid, and it can take quite a bit of time.
There are voices being raised in opposition to this union.
The conventional wisdom since Friday's blockbuster announcement, however, has been that Microsoft will eventually prevail upon Yahoo to give up the goods.
In one of those rare more-informative-than-funny Top Gear DigitalRev episodes, Kai tries to help beginners decide what they should buy for their first prime: a nifty 50mm, or a more versatile 35mm.
It's a question many of us faced when starting out, which of the two to buy? A question complicated a bit by crop factor, that basically makes you 35mm into a 56mm and your 50mm into an 80mm.
And while DRTV doesn't actually get into the crop factor of it all, they do address the most important pros and cons of each focal length.
From price (50 wins that one hands down), to versatility (definitely goes to the 35), to bokehliciousness (50 takes it), check out the video above to see which lens best fits the kind of shooting you intend to do.
Concrete Ways White People can Fight White Supremacy
Listen here, I get it. The world's a mess. You're stressed out. You're overwhelmed by all the media coverage on the fact that our country has an undercurrent of white supremacists.
But here's the thing? It's on white people to do the work, no one else can do it for us. We all come from a long line of colonialism, supremacy, and control of people different than us in ideology, race, class, etc. WE (via our ancestors) caused this. We perpetuate it by silence and complacency. And we must stop it.
So what the hell can we do?
1st. Petition to have pro-slavery, pro-confederate monuments removed and/or renamed. Build anti-slavery monuments. Fund monuments to queer folx, folx of color, and people with varying abilities.
3rd. Expand what you're reading. Once you buy a few books by writers unlike yourself on Amazon, your recommendations will change wildly, and most things that show up will be good additions to your reading.
A place to start?
4th: If you hire people in your business/for speaking engagements/etc ACTIVELY seek out people with different view points, those who don't look like you, those who are nothing like you. Cultivate diversity within your organizations. Racial, cultural, religious, class, sexual, gender, ability diversity.
You don't do this to tokenize, you do this to PROACTIVELY engage with voices differing than your own. This is about being active in dismantling privilege, your own and others.
5th. STOP ATTENDING EVENTS WITH ALL OR MOSTLY WHITE SPEAKERS. Zero, nada events. It doesn't matter if you LOVE LOVE LOVE the person who created the event. Don't go. As STOP ATTENDING EVENTS WITH ALL OR MOSTLY WHITE SPEAKERS. Zero, nada events. It doesn't matter if you LOVE LOVE LOVE the person who created the event. Don't go. As Kelly Diels has said, we're the consumers of this kind of events. Speak out with your dollars, and message events you wanted to attend and tell them POINT BLANK you're not interested due to lack of diversity.
6th. Join a chapter or create a chapter of Disrupting Whiteness. (Example: Join a chapter or create a chapter of Disrupting Whiteness. (Example: https://www.facebook.com/disruptingwhitenessSU
8th. Attend Attend Your Leadership Recipe LIVE where a whole morning will be focused on intersectional leadership and inclusive mentoring. Also, it gets you to Macon, GA. A community that for many American's would be considered strange. As it is WILDLY diverse, and deeply segregated. (Only for self-identified women and non-binary humans)
9th. STAND UP to your family members, call out your racist uncles/cousins/parents/loved ones and hand them resource after resource.
10th. Actively work to dismantle your white privilege. I'm currently somewhere between 6 and 8. I'd like to get to a solid 8.
You should want that too.
URO Completes World's First Commodity Order Using A Commodity Backed Cryptocurrency
5,000 Urocoins Exchanged for 25,000 Metric Tons of Urea Fertilizer 2 -- Thousands of USD in Fees Saved in this unprecedented cryptocurrency transaction.
Green Earth Systems Limited, Hong Kong (GES HK), a global broker of urea fertilizer, has completed the first ever trade of urea fertilizer in exchange for Urocoin (URO). The Urocoin, created and maintained by the URO Foundation, is a commodity-backed encrypted digital currency based on Bitcoin technology, also referred to as a "cryptocommodity."
On July 10, Rivaa Exports Ltd. purchased 25,000 metric tons of urea fertilizer, estimated at 7 million USD, from Green Earth Systems, Hong Kong (GES, HK) slated for resale to Indian Potash Limited (IPL), India's largest government fertilizer body for urea importation. The initial transaction, originally attempted in January 2014, was delayed for months due to banking compliance issues between Rivaa's local banks and GES HK's international banks. The use of Urocoin eliminated these issues and resulted in the completion of the transaction within days, thereby saving tens of thousands of dollars in fees.
"With no setup or banking fees and interest charges, RIVAA and GES, HK are saving close to $300,000 USD on this transaction alone," said Mr. Nilesh Nair, CEO of GES, HK.
To date, four major commodity suppliers have pledged to accept Urocoin as payment for urea:
1. Green Earth Systems Limited (GES, HK)
2. Urea Trading India
3. Crown Team Corporation, HK
4. CCL Pillay Group, SA
Urea is the world's most widely used fertilizer and is responsible for more than 50% of world food production. Urocoin is an alternative payment method for urea purchases, which offers a number of advantages over purchases using traditional financial instruments:
– Prevents fraud.
– Eliminates traditional fees and bank charges.
– Eliminates transaction delays.
– Stabilizes price volatility.
For more details regarding the advantages of Urocoin transactions, please see this GES HK press release.
About The Uro Foundation:
The Uro Foundation oversees the long-term development and growth of Urocoin. The foundation has partnered with leading members of the global urea trading industry, all of whom have agreed to abide by the principles set forth in the URO protocol, a document open for industry ratification since June 2014.
Contact Info:
Name: Bohan Huang
Email: foundation@uro.io
Phone: +61404821311
Organization: URO Foundation
Source: http://bitcoinprbuzz.com/uro-completes-the-worlds-first-commodity-order-using-a-commodity-backed-cryptocurrency/
ReleaseID: 55845
Recent Press Releases By The Same User
Agarwood Essential Oil Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.2% During 2016 to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17)
Cyber Weapon Market by Type, Product, Application, Region, Outlook and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17)
Landscaping and Gardening Expert Trevor McClintock Launches New Locally Optimized Website (Fri 2nd Jun 17)
Sleep apnea devices Market is Evolving At A CAGR of 7.5% by 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17)
Agriculture Technology Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17)
Global VR Helmet Market by Manufacturers, Technology, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 (Fri 2nd Jun 17)
EUGENE, Ore. -- Members of Lambda Chi fraternity at University of Oregon have apologized for leaving behind a mess at Lake Shasta in northern California last weekend.
Pictures of the destruction went viral on Facebook Sunday, showing dozens of tents, bags of trash, coolers and clothing left behind after a student trip to the national forest.
Volunteers offering to clean up the refuse were turned away because some items were deemed to be a "biohazard," the L.A. Times reported.
University of Oregon officials have said they are investigating the situation and will "take action as appropriate."
Some of the coolers left behind were painted with the Greek letters for Lambda Chi fraternity. The UO chapter of Lambda Chi has issued an apology for the incident.
"Though it is not known who all was involved at this time, we find this situation to be absolutely unacceptable. On behalf of any of our members involved, the UO Zeta Omicron Zeta Chapter would like to extend our deepest apologies for any destruction of Lake Shasta resort and the surrounding environment. Our Chapter has reached out to the United States Forest Service to arrange for our members to help in the clean-up of the environment," they wrote.
2,000 intimidated from their homes in Northern Ireland - but only 32 convictions BelfastTelegraph.co.uk New figures show almost 2,000 incidents of people being forced from their homes in Northern Ireland over the past five years. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/2000-intimidated-from-their-homes-in-northern-ireland-but-only-32-convictions-36293973.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article36294108.ece/5e824/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-09-30_new_35037434_I3.JPG
Email
New figures show almost 2,000 incidents of people being forced from their homes in Northern Ireland over the past five years.
In the same period more than £7.5 million has been spent by the Housing Executive to rehouse those impacted.
The information is revealed in information released to investigative website The Detail.
Despite the high number of incidents, between March 2011 and August 2016 there were just 32 convictions in cases where people were forced to leave their homes due to intimidation.
Figures show that in the past five financial years between 2012/2013 and 2016/2017 the Housing Executive spent £6,709,430 to purchase properties from homeowners forced out as a result of paramilitary, sectarian, racist, sexual orientation, and disability-related intimidation.
These properties were purchased through the Scheme for the Purchase of Evacuated Dwellings (SPED).
For renters, Emergency Grant Payments of £754 were made in more than 1,000 cases where people were forced out due to intimidation.
A breakdown of the types and location of the intimidation by The Detail suggest the majority of incidents involved loyalist paramilitaries.
Housing Intimidation from The Detail on Vimeo.
An analysis for the past two years by council area show the majority of incidents happened in Belfast, Lisburn & Castlereagh, Ards & North Down, and the Antrim & Newtownabbey council areas.
While in the past five financial years the Housing Executive has purchased properties in more than 2,000 cases, in a further 1,000 cases the findings were rejected.
Freedom of information request made to the PSNI by the publication requesting the number of individuals arrested on grounds of intimidation was refused as gathering the required information would be prohibitively expensive.
Freedom of information request to the Northern Ireland Courts and Tribunals Service recorded 32 convictions that related to "intimidation - causing a person to leave residence/ occupation".
Speaking to The Detail, PSNI Chief Constable George Hamilton said £50 million was being spent on a new paramilitary taskforce, with tackling intimidation being part of its focus.
Paramilitary intimidation was highlighted last month when threats forced four Catholic families to leave the Cantrell Close shared housing scheme in south Belfast.
Speaking after a meeting of the Policing Board, chief constable George Hamilton said: "We have been engaged with the community in south Belfast and we are of the view that there is people purporting to be of east Belfast UVF behind those threats.
"Whether or not that is an organisational position we do not know because it is a chaotic disorganised crime group - that is how I would describe east Belfast UVF."
Belfast Telegraph Digital
TxDOT to close downtown stretch of I-10 Katy Freeway in both directions this weekend
I-10 Katy/East Freeway will close in both directions from 8 p.m. Friday, Sept. 22 through 5 a.m. Monday, Sept. 25. I-10 Katy/East Freeway will close in both directions from 8 p.m. Friday, Sept. 22 through 5 a.m. Monday, Sept. 25. Photo: GoogleMaps Photo: GoogleMaps Image 1 of / 29 Caption Close TxDOT to close downtown stretch of I-10 Katy Freeway in both directions this weekend 1 / 29 Back to Gallery
You'll want to avoid a certain part of downtown Houston this weekend.
The Texas Department of Transportation announced it will close all eight lanes of I-10 Katy/East Freeway in both directions from 8 p.m. Friday, Sept. 22 through 5 a.m. Monday, Sept. 25.
SEWER BACK-UPS: New maps show how contaminated Houston surface water was following Hurricane Harvey
"Motorists traveling eastbound on I-10 Katy will be detoured to I-45 Gulf Freeway southbound to I-69 Eastex northbound to the I-10 East Freeway eastbound mainlanes," a TxDot spokesperson explained in a release. "Motorists traveling westbound on I-10 East Freeway will be detoured to I-69 Eastex southbound to I-45 Gulf Freeway northbound to the I-10 Katy Freeway westbound mainlanes."
Now Playing:
Houstonians should avoid the area, since there will also be closures of entrance, exit and connector ramps surrounding the work zone. TxDot hopes that will allow construction workers ample space to complete this project more efficiently. Houston police will be on hand to assist in traffic control.
PLAN ON THIS: Things to do in Houston this week
The reconstruction of the Elysian Viaduct, a bridge structure that runs from Brooks Street to Commerce Street, has been planned for some time now with the intention of easing traffic congestion along this route. While this segment of the freeway did flood during Harvey, this task is unrelated to storm damage.
"It was needed to accommodate population growth, enhance mobility, and improve connectivity in the local area," TxDot press release explains. "TxDOT awarded the construction contract to Balfour Beatty in June 2016 for $35.6 million."
The N.F.L. and the N.C.A.A. may generate billions of dollars a year, but this seven-team, 12-game tournament, which ends Saturday, when the United States will play Japan for the gold medal, is a shoestring affair. With little corporate support and small national football federations, players from Brazil and South Korea paid their own way to Canton. Japan, France, Mexico and Australia also sent teams. The games are streamed over the Internet. Tickets cost $5 or $10.
After the original host, Sweden, backed out, the tournament was hastily moved to Canton, and mainstays like Germany and Canada did not attend. The organizers will be hard pressed to draw a sizable fraction of the fans who went to the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in Cincinnati, a four-hour drive away.
The meager backing was a reminder that while football is by far the most popular and lucrative sport in the United States, it has a long way to go before it gains that status overseas. Participation in countries like Australia and Brazil is rising, but the game still lags far behind soccer, rugby, baseball and other sports outside the United States.
The N.F.L. has no direct role in the world championship other than supporting USA Football, the nonprofit group that is helping to host the tournament. But the league has tried to push into markets like Britain and Brazil, and grooming fans who play the game is one key to gaining a firmer foothold in those countries.
While the number of people playing the game overseas is still modest, the players' enthusiasm is strong. Most are amateurs or semiprofessionals who compete on university teams or in leagues that have sprouted up. While some players are students, many others hold day jobs. Most of them play in front of meager crowds.
The BjjBrick Podcast is in iTunes, Stitcher radio, and RSS link for Andriod
This week we are excited to bring you BJJ black belt Sarah Black. Sarah received their black belt from Gustavo Dantas in July of 2015, and they are already making a name for themselves in both the adult and masters divisions competing in gi and no-gi.
We talk about:
Them start with Judo
Training both BJJ and Judo
Them work schedule
Working full time and training full time
Transitioning from high level Judo to doing BJJ
Competing in the absolute divisions
Dealing with injuries
The BJJ Mental Coach
Getting students to preform well
Having a women's classes
Training schedules
Tips for women finding a BJJ gym
Tips for men when rolling with a woman
How they run kids classes
Links:
Quote of the week: “There are two things in life of which we have complete control… effort and attitude.” Chuck Wilson
Article of the week: “I Almost Quit Jiu Jitsu“
Catch us next week for another episode of The BjjBrick Podcast
The Coral Content Distribution Network, sometimes called Coral Cache or Coral, was a free peer-to-peer content distribution network that ran from 2004 until 2015. It was designed and operated by Michael Freedman. Coral used the bandwidth of a worldwide network of web proxies and name servers to mirror World Wide Web content, often to avoid the Slashdot Effect or to reduce the load on web servers.
Operation [ edit ]
Coral avoided high loads on individual nodes through an indexing abstraction called a distributed sloppy hash table (DSHT); DSHTs create self-organizing clusters of nodes which fetch information from each other to avoid communicating with more distant or heavily-loaded servers. DSHT is described in the paper Sloppy hashing and self-organizing clusters.[2]
The sloppy hash table refers to the fact that Coral was made up of concentric rings of distributed hash tables (DHTs), each ring representing a wider and wider geographic range (or rather, ping range). The DHTs are composed of nodes all within some latency of each other (for example, a ring of nodes within 20 milliseconds of each other). It avoids hot spots (the 'sloppy' part) by only continuing to query progressively larger sized rings if they are not overburdened. In other words, if the two top-most rings are experiencing too much traffic, a node will just ping closer ones: when a node that is overloaded is reached, upward progression stops. This minimises the occurrence of hot spots, with the disadvantage that knowledge of the system as a whole is reduced.
Usage [ edit ]
Coral users could access content through the Coral Cache by adding .nyud.net to the hostname in the site's URL, resulting in what is known as a 'coralized link'. So, for example,
http://example.com
becomes
http://example.com.nyud.net
Any additional address component after the hostname remains after .nyud.net ; hence
http://example.com/folder/page.html
becomes
http://example.com.nyud.net/folder/page.html
For websites that use a non-standard port, for example,
http://example.com:8080
becomes
http://example.com.nyud.net:8080
History [ edit ]
The project was deployed in March 2004, during which it has been hosted on PlanetLab, a large-scale distributed research network of several hundred servers deployed at universities worldwide. It has not, as originally intended, been deployed by third-party volunteer systems. About 300 to 400 PlanetLab servers were running CoralCDN. The source code is freely available under the terms of the GNU GPL.
In August 2012 it was stated that active development had been "stopped for a while", although the CDN itself would continue to operate.[1]
As of April 2015 *.nyud.net had stopped resolving, rendering the CDN non-functional.[3][4] The project website is still up, but has not been updated since 2012.
See also [ edit ]
College athletes are in very good shape, there's no debating that. Well perhaps one of the strongest college running backs in Division I is junior Derrius Guice of LSU. Guice, who rushed for 1,387 yards for the Tigers last season, was seen squatting a whopping 650 pounds in LSU's weight room on Friday.
And it looks even more impressive from the front camera angle.
This is absolutely incredible, and it should make Tiger fans excited to see Guice on the field as the starter this fall. At the same time, it might make LSU's future opponents a bit uneasy. Guice is no stranger to casually lifting a ton of weight such as their most recent 650 pounds. Just a few short months ago in March, they were seen squatting 583.
Well, I'm not sure about you, but this is going to make me feel pretty inadequate at the gym now.
Guice played in a good number of LSU's games last season, filling in for a banged up Leonard Fournette, who's now with the Jacksonville Jaguars. If Guice keeps doing stuff like this, they should have no trouble toting the rock for the Tigers full-time next season.
The University of Dayton and Premier Health have requested more time to complete “necessary reviews” of the Montgomery County Fairgrounds before they decide whether to purchase the site.
In late January, UD and Premier signed a purchase agreement for the 38-acre property on South Main Street, with an intent to redevelop the fairgrounds.
RELATED: Fairgrounds purchase approved
The agreement spells out a due diligence period that ran through today to allow the institutions to inspect the property and study its size, character, condition, accessibility and explore potential government incentives and zoning matters.
RELATED: UD, Premier to buy fairgrounds
But the document also gave the organizations the option to extend the due diligence period to the end of March, which they have decided to exercise.
UD and Premier said their partnership to buy and revitalize the fairgrounds continues to move forward as planned.
“… we look forward to finalizing our purchase of the property soon,” according to a joint statement from UD and Premier.
RELATED: New home for fairgrounds remains elusive
The fairgrounds purchase price will be $15 million, with UD and Premier each chipping in about $5.25 million. The county will provide a $2 million credit on the purchase if the buyers agree to retain and rehab the historic roundhouse.
The Dayton-Montgomery County Port Authority also has a $2.5 million state allocation to contribute to the project.
According to the agreement, UD and Premier would have to close on the purchase within 15 days of the conclusion of the due diligence period.
California has entered the fray to stop unconstitutional NSA spying.
On Monday, Sen. Ted Lieu (D-Torrance) and Sen. Joel Anderson (R-San Diego) introduced the Fourth Amendment Protection Act to prohibit any state support of the NSA.
“State-funded public resources should not be going toward aiding the NSA or any other federal agency from indiscriminate spying on its own citizens and gathering electronic or metadata that violates the Fourth Amendment,” Lieu said.
Based on model legislation drafted by the OffNow coalition, SB828 prohibits the state of California and its subdivisions from “Providing material support, participation or assistance in any form to a federal agency that claims the power, by virtue of any federal law, rule, regulation or order, to collect electronic data or metadata of any person pursuant to any action not based on a warrant that particularly describes the person, place and thing to be searched or seized.” It also bars any state funding to the NSA or any entity supporting it in the state.
Practically speaking, the bill:
Prohibits state and local agencies from providing any material support to the NSA within their jurisdiction. Includes barring government-owned utilities from providing water and electricity. Makes information gathered without a warrant by the NSA and shared with law enforcement inadmissible in state court. Blocks public universities from serving as NSA research facilities or recruiting grounds. Provides sanctions against corporations attempting to fill needs not met in the absence of state cooperation.
“I agree with the NSA that the world is a dangerous place,” Lieu said. “That is why our founders enacted the Bill of Rights. They understood the grave dangers of an out-of-control federal government.”
California joins Arizona in considering all four major provisions of the Fourth Amendment Protection Act. Missouri and Kansas have also introduced legislation which covers the second step of the four-step plan at OffNow.org.
Tenth Amendment Center communications director Mike Maharrey says they expect at least four other states to take up the bill early in the 2014 session.
While the NSA does not currently operate a data or “threat operations” center in California, Maharrey said states around the country need to pass similar legislation to make NSA expansion more difficult.
“We know the NSA has aggressively worked to expand its physical locations because it maxed out the Baltimore area power grid in 2006. They've built new locations in Utah and Texas, and expanded in several other states,” Maharrey said. “Since the NSA is expanding so wildly, it's not unlikely that they're planning to build new data centers and ‘threat operations centers' in other locations. California's high-tech industry makes it a likely candidate. We can't wait until the NSA opens up shop. This act yanks away the welcome mat and tells the NSA, ‘We don't want you in California unless you follow the Constitution.'”
Six California state universities have partnerships with the NSA. The California Fourth Amendment Protection Act would address the status of these schools as NSA “Centers of Academic Excellence.”
Maharrey called Lieu and Anderson working together to address the unconstitutional actions of the NSA a model of bipartisan cooperation.
“This crosses party lines. Left, right and even the generally apathetic are outraged that their government is spying on them day in and day out,” they said. “Violations of our basic civil liberties impacts us all -Democrats, Republicans and independents alike. For all of our political bickering, Americans rally around certain core principles enshrined in our Constitution. It's fitting that Lieu and Anderson are standing together to defend these values.”
###
Contact: Mike Maharrey
Communications Director
O: 213.935.0553 F: 213.402.3938
[email protected]
www.tenthamendmentcenter.com
ACTION ITEMS
In California: Take action to support SB828 HERE.
Other states: Contact your state legislators today – urge them to introduce similar legislation. Model bills and contact info HERE.
Tea party-backed Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) says that former Republican President Ronald Reagan is responsible for the country's economic success under former Democratic President Bill Clinton and the American people “don't really understand” economic growth.
Johnson told CNN host Soledad O'Brien on Tuesday that it would not be necessary to raise tax rates on the top 2 percent of earners because the country could collect “$750 billion of added revenue through economic growth” without changing tax rates or closing loopholes if the economy continues to recover.
O'Brien noted that the Republican Party was in the tenuous position of opposing the will of the majority of Americans who would like to see tax rates go up on the wealthiest.
“I would imagine that 98 percent of the American population would be in favor of that because we haven't made the case for economic growth,” Johnson explained. “The American people really doesn't understand that economic growth is ten times more effective.”
Democratic analyst Bob Shrum pointed out that Johnson's assertion that higher tax rates on top earners hurt economic growth was faulty because “under Bill Clinton, we had taxes at 39.6 percent and we created 22 million new jobs. We cut [tax rates] under George Bush and we had almost no net job creation.”
“Why do you guys keep making the argument that low taxes for the richest people in the country are the key to job creation when history refutes that?” Shrum wondered.
“We could go do a history lesson, but I would argue that Clinton's economic recovery really dates back to Ronald Reagan,” Johnson declared. “He cut rates 28 percent. Listen, I started my business in the '80s, so did Apple, so did Microsoft. Those businesses came to fruition in the '90s. And President Clinton, together with the peace dividend — also produced by Ronald Reagan — that's what created that economic engine.”
In fact, Apple, Microsoft and Johnson's company, Pacur LLC, were all founded in the 1970s during the administrations of former Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter.
The Wisconsin Republican continued by insisting that they would have to see cuts to Obama's health care reform law, Medicare and Social Security before they would even consider raising tax rates on the rich.
“The other problem that is holding our economy back is the explosion of regulations,” they added. “And I don't see that we're going to reform these agencies — the way that you reform them is there you actually cut their budgets because that will force them to focus on the most important parts of the economy to have effective regulations. So, I'd go after the agencies, I would put structural reform to save — and that's the important point — to save Social Security and Medicare. And we've got to address this health care law because it is a disaster.”
“This is Fantasyland,” Shrum shot back. “It's like saying Ronald Reagan invented the Apple iPad. It's crazy. Obamacare is not going to be on the table.”
“Here's the bottom line: President Obama, show us your plan,” Johnson concluded.
“He gave you a plan,” Shrum quipped. “And their plan is not to repeal Obamacare. Not going to happen. You lost the election, buddy.”
Watch this video from CNN's Starting Point, broadcast Dec. 4, 2012.
Check out these before-and-after images of the Space Needle, which will undergo the biggest renovation in its history.
Glass, glass and more glass.
That's what's revealed in renderings, including an animated version, distributed with the announcement of the Space Needle's $100 million-plus renovation.
Check out photos of the current Needle and what it could look like after the overhaul.
Flooring in the restaurant will be replaced with glass, the observation deck will be replaced entirely with glass panels, and another set of elevators will be added. (Courtesy of the Space Needle)
The Space Needle's saucer will see most of the changes. The wire cage that now surrounds the observation deck will be replaced with glass, which will be tilted outward. Floor-to-ceiling glass panes will also replace windows on the deck.
Next to the glass, new benches will be installed, allowing viewers to lean back and look up to the sky, according to Space Needle officials.
The Needle's iconic, spinning restaurant will also see some significant changes, including the installation of glass flooring, giving diners a view of the Seattle Center 500 feet below. The motor that spins the eatery will also get replaced.
From afar, the Space Needle won't look much different, except for the sleeker saucer, more elevators and a new paint job.
(Before photos / Space Needle; after images / Olson Kundig)
Related stories:
This warning sign appears inside the men's bathroom in the city hall of Chandler, Arizona:
Urinals and Toilets
are served with gray water.
Do Not Drink.
According to the Arizona Republic, Chandler has a brand-new city hall that incorporates environmentally friendly features, one of which is the use of recycled "gray water" from the cooling system to flush urinals and toilets. This article on gray water stops short of saying that it is actually poisonous, but says you shouldn't drink it because although it has been processed, "it's still technically sewage." So if you are bothered by what the article calls "that pesky fecal matter," you should avoid drinking gray water.
If that's the kind of thing that bothers you, of course, you are not likely to need a sign to warn you not to drink out of the toilet. The mayor of Chandler, Boyd Dunn, did not seem quite sure why the sign was there. "I'm certain there's some regulation out there that requires that type of sign," they said, and by "that type" I'm guessing they meant "stupid." And that is entirely possible. Another city official was quoted as saying that the building code requires that color be added to gray water so people know not to drink it, and that an exception was requested for City Hall's urinals and toilets. Apparently whatever authority handles such things refused to grant the exception unless the warning signs were posted as an alternative.
It's not clear from the article whether a similar sign is posted in the women's restroom, although I would not be surprised to find out that they, at least, were presumed to know better.
We've known for nearly a year now that Donald Glover would be a part of Girls' second season, though we were never sure of what exactly they would be doing—besides helping to deflect criticism that Girls has far too many white people with their affable, thoroughly Donald Glover-esque ability to make discussion of race seem all lighthearted and postmodern, that is. But judging by this early season two review in The Hollywood Reporter, it seems as though they and the show will be addressing that oft-lobbed sneer even more directly than we might have assumed: Glover's character, Sandy, is described as "a handsome black Republican" who's dating Lena Dunham's Hannah and who, at one point, calls them out on their "knowledge of race and its ramifications." This reportedly inspires Dunham to respond with a "self-righteous, defensive rant" that also includes a Missy Elliott lyric. ("Give you some-some-some of this Cinnabon"?)
And if such self-deprecating acknowledgment of one of the show's most frequently heard complaints is not enough to appease detractors, reportedly the second season also "does a fantastic job of skewering hipsters and frauds"—who are the people that Girls has been accused of celebrating and fostering—while also including "attacks on fixie bikes, rich white girls dating black men, gay iPad-using DJs, what constitutes a 'pretty person's job,' and the smug cynicism of youthful people who haven't earned the right to it." So essentially, it sounds like Girls' second season will do everything short of having Lena Dunham's character create a TV show-within-the-show about their own life—then watch as the entire Internet tears them apart over it—to try to defuse their critics' gripes. Presumably that's season three.
In November, a spacecraft made a dramatic, first-ever landing on a comet—three times. After the Philae lander touched down on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, the harpoons that were supposed to latch it onto the surface didn't fire, and instead, the spacecraft bounced back into space before returning to the comet. Another shorter hop then took it to its current, shady resting spot. Since then, the Philae lander has been slumbering in the cold and dark some 286 million miles away, with only meager recharging from its solar panels. Now, with warmer and brighter days ahead, it's time to see if the Philae lander is awake and ready to get back to work. Just don't expect anything too soon.
Today, for the first time since it started napping, mission engineers have begun trying to communicate with Philae, which exhausted its batteries soon after landing. After four months, the orbit of the European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft, which has been circling comet 67P, is now aligned with Philae so that they can talk to each other—as long as Philae has eked out enough power and warmth from its limited sunlight. "We don't think we'll hear anything just yet, but we cannot be very sure," says Koen Geurts, the technical manager of the Philae team.
Lacking communication with Philae, scientists still don't know exactly where it is and what its surroundings are like. Engineers have used Rosetta's cameras to narrow down its location, but the orbiting spacecraft is currently too far away to spot the lander. Rosetta will swoop in closer in July, but as of now, engineers can only estimate that Philae is only getting 1.3 hours of sunlight for each 12.4-hour day on the comet. For the lander to wake up, its solar panels have to be turning those meager hours of sunlight into 5.5 watts of power. And to send and receive signals from Rosetta, it needs 19 watts. Philae also has to be warmer than -49˚F to work. "We do not expect that this is already the case," Geurts says. "We think Philae is still cold." In its shadowy hole, Philae's temperature may have dropped to as low as -150˚F, and even though comet 67P is getting closer to the sun—Philae's getting twice as much solar energy than it did in November—the spacecraft probably needs more time to thaw.
But as Philae is still out-of-sight, it could turn out to be in a sunnier place, charged up and ready to go. When or if it wakes up, engineers will take a couple weeks to make sure it's still working. At least at first, it may be too cold for Philae to fully charge its battery, which will limit how much science it can do. "Without the battery, science activity can only last as long as sunlight," Geurts says. That means Philae won't be able to drill into the icy comet and find out exactly what it's made of. But it should still be able to do lower-intensity jobs like take pictures, measure the comet's magnetic field and seismic activity, and sniff the surrounding gases.
Now that Rosetta and Philae have open lines of communication, mission controllers have commanded the orbiter to start sending signals to Philae starting at 12:00 am EDT. They'll continue trying to contact Philae until March 20, when Rosetta's changing orbit puts it out of position. "If we don't hear anything in this opportunity, then we hope for the next one," Geurts says. That next window of opportunity will come between April 13 and 20. If nothing then, several shorter windows open in May, and a longer period opens in June.
On August 13, the comet will reach its closest point to the sun—and if the European Space Agency hasn't heard from it by then, they'll call it quits. With increasing sunlight, ice will sublimate into gas, creating jets and gassy gusts that can knock Philae out. "If we haven't heard something by the end of July or beginning of August, it can be excluded we will hear something again," Geurts says. "Either Philae didn't survive the cold temperatures, some critical system broke down, or Philae fell over because of comet activity."
But chances are good that it will wake up again—most likely in April or May, if Geurts had to hazard a guess. And if it wakes up tomorrow? "I will be very happy of course," they say. "No doubt about that."
Newly-released video obtained by FOX40 Friday shows a gym teacher at Edison High School dragging a student. Denny Peterson is now on administrative leave.
"I swam laps like the teacher asked but I did not want my hair wet," the student, Ms. Garcia, told FOX40. "My hair looked good that day."
They added that they wanted their hair to look good during cheer practice later that day.
"I told him, 'My top is coming down,' and they didn't stop," Garcia said. They asked FOX40 not to publish their first name.
8 PHOTOS Teacher drags student into pool See Gallery Gym teacher on leave after dragging student into pool Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Peterson is heard on the video saying, "It's alright" as Garcia speaks of their potential wardrobe malfunction.
Peterson also apparently asks other students to tickle Garcia, but they do not oblige.
"When a woman or young girl says 'no,' it means no. Stop means stop," attorney Gilbert Somera said. "There are no games in between that."
Peterson was placed on leave after the video surfaced.
No one answered the door at Peterson's home Friday.  They are charged with corporal injury to a child, according to the San Joaquin County District Attorney's office.
In a statement to FOX40, the school district described Peterson's punishment as "immediate and appropriate."
More to see:
Swiss museum will accept Gurlitt art trove
Soviet hockey coach Tikhonov dies at 84
Buffalo residents ready for possible evacuations
Druglikeness is a qualitative concept used in drug design for how "druglike" a substance is with respect to factors like bioavailability. It is estimated from the molecular structure before the substance is even synthesized and tested. A druglike molecule has properties such as:
A traditional method to evaluate druglikeness is to check compliance of Lipinski's Rule of Five, which covers the numbers of hydrophilic groups, molecular weight and hydrophobicity.
Since the drug is transported in aqueous media like blood and intracellular fluid, it has to be sufficiently water-soluble in the absolute sense (i.e. must have a minimum chemical solubility in order to be effective). Solubility in water can be estimated from the number of hydrogen bond donors vs. alkyl sidechains in the molecule. Low water solubility translates to slow absorption and action. Too much hydrogen bond donors, on the other hand, lead to low fat solubility, so that the drug cannot penetrate the cell membrane to reach the inside of the cell.
Based on one definition, a drug-like molecule has a logarithm of partition coefficient (log P) between -0.4 and 5.6, molecular weight 160-480 g/mol, molar refractivity of 40-130, which is related to the volume and molecular weight of the molecule and has 20-70 atoms.[5]
Substructures with known toxic, mutagenic or teratogenic properties affect the usefulness of a designed molecule. However, several poisons have a good druglikeness. Natural toxins are used in pharmacological research to find out their mechanism of action, and if it could be exploited for beneficial purposes. Alkylnitro compounds tend to be irritants, and Michael acceptors, such as enones, are alkylating agents and thus potentially mutagenic and carcinogenic.[6]
Druglikeness indices are inherently limited tools. Druglikeness can be estimated for any molecule, and does not evaluate the actual specific effect that the drug achieves (biological activity). Simple rules are not always accurate and may unnecessarily limit the chemical space to search: many best-selling drugs have features that cause them to score low on various druglikeness indices.[7] Furthermore, first-pass metabolism, which is biochemically selective, can destroy the pharmacological activity of a compound despite good druglikeness.
Druglikeness is not relevant for most biologics, since they are usually proteins that need to be injected, because proteins are digested if eaten.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Better Storytelling Secrets
Authors discuss their writing techniques.
Hi, I'm Mark O'Bannon. Welcome to this rare look into the secrets of storytelling from published authors.
Today, I'm joined by, Terry Brooks, the author of the Sword of Shannara and twenty six best-selling novels.
Life as a Writer
How did you get into writing?
Who can remember? I always loved storytelling and role-playing back before anyone had a name for it, and I was maybe 5 or 6 and organizing the neighborhood kids. I wrote my first important short story when I was 10. It was about some kids staying overnight in a haunted house. My 4th grade teacher gave me an A+. I kept at it. When I was 13, I published a short piece in one of the Illinois historical journals. Another 20 years and Sword of Shannara was published.
When did you first realize that you have what it takes to be a writer?
Oh, I think just about the time I was deep into my second Shannara book and my editor told me it wasn't any good and I had to start over. That was a wake-up call. The first book seemed so easy, but I had to rewrite the second from scratch. So I learned that what you need is perseverance and a good work ethic and a strong stomach.
Premise
Where do you get your ideas from?
Ideas are easy. Developing them into a full-blown book is what's hard. I get most of my ideas from reading the newspaper. One thing suggests another, and when I reach a point where I am deeply troubled or irritated or not sure what I believe about something, I am ready to sit down and write about it. Not everything I start out with leads to a book, but sooner or later something or other does.
How do you develop your ideas into a story?
I think about it first. For a long time, if I have a chance. Sometimes for years. You can think about one thing and write about another. Eventually, I start making notes. That usually leads to an outline, character sketches, a working up of a thematic structure and various other considerations. When I can't stand it anymore, I start writing. But, really, ideas are the easiest part of the process.
Genre
What kind of stories do you enjoy working with?
Big, long, sweeping sagas. I don't like writing short fiction. It is a discipline with which I do not have a comfortable fit. Give me a story I can carry over into 2, 3 or 4 books. Much better.
What genres would you like to explore in the future?
Fantasy. Still. Always. Maybe.
Structure
Do you work from an outline?
See above. I used to spend more time on outlines than I do now. Some of that comes from experience. I don't need the structure like I used to. Some of it comes from wanting to experiment a bit with plot construction. The longer you are in this business – 35 years for me – the more you need to work to find ways to challenge yourself.
Plot
How do you build your story?
Wow. Got 25 pages of space for me? Doesn't matter. I don't have that kind of energy. So how about 25 words or fewer? First, find a hook. Something that intrigues you enough that you can't let go of it. Remember you have to dedicate a year to a book, roughly, and if it doesn't remain as interesting at the end as it started out, you won't write a good book. So you need to build your story around a premise or issue or complex question about which you want your readers to give their full and undivided attention. My first editor, Lester del Rey, always told me that a fiction writer's first and primary obligation to a reader is to tell a good story. Nothing matters so much as that. But a hook is important, too.
Character
For you, what makes a great hero?
Coming out of the Tolkien tradition, I like my protagonists to be flawed. I like them to be everyman, just people like you and me, trying to do the right thing, beset by something not of their making which is large and threatening and which they must find a way to banish. They do not give up, although they could. They accept a moral responsibility for themselves and others. They push on through everything.
If one of your characters were to describe you, what would he/she say?
What a terrific writer! Look how real they made me! Or, why do I have to suffer so much in order to be in this story? Can't I just have a little easier time of it?
Setting
How much time do you spend researching the setting for your stories?
Well, I don't research setting as such. I travel a lot, and while traveling my wife and I take pictures and make notes of interesting, different places. Sometimes the setting will be powerful enough that it will suggest the story. For me, setting is a character in the book. This is true of much of fantasy fiction. A foreign world or imaginary place has to be experienced by the reader in the telling of the story. I work hard to make that happen.
What settings would you like to explore in the future?
Still working on that one. I will finish the Shannara cycle, both past and present, so those settings will be fully developed.
Theme
Do you like to know the purpose of your story before you sit down to write it?
Anyone who doesn't know the purpose of a story before writing it is playing with fire. I am always appalled by stories where the ending seems to come out of left field. I think a writer should have a firm grip on beginnings and endings and on what it is that they or they are writing about. I know this doesn't always happen, but it gives me chills just thinking about it.
Dialogue
Do you have any favorite lines from your stories?
All my words are golden. Except for the ones cut out by my wife, my editor, my proofreaders and many others. I would have a favorite line if I could remember it. Then, again, once a book is written, I don't think about it much afterwards. My satisfaction comes from the next book, and then the next and the next . . .
Writing
Do you have a routine? A certain place to write? Do you listen to music?
I do have a routine and I do have a writing space, and I only work there. I have two venues, in fact, in two different states. Anyway, I am like Monk. Everything has to be just so. No changes are allowed. I don't listen to music when I work. I don't like sounds of any sort. Except the sound of the ocean. Concentration is important. Especially as you get older and your mental capabilities deteriorate. So I hear.
How do you deal with writer's block?
It doesn't exist. If you are suddenly stymied, it means one of two things – either you need a break and should go down out of the attic and reintroduce yourself to your wife and children or you made a wrong turn somewhere in your writing and need to back up and change things around so you are on the right road again.
Story Development
How do you go about fixing a story?
Depends on how much fixing it needs. If it needs a whole lot, I start over. It's like remodeling a house. It is more expensive and time-consuming to remodel than to build from scratch. Mostly, I try to avoid difficult, extensive fixes by getting it right the first time. Experience helps.
How do you know when to stop?
If you know your ending in advance – which I always do – you write until you reach it and then you stop.
Words of Advice
What words of advice would you give to new writers?
If writing isn't the most important thing in your life, quit now. If the writing process isn't more important than being published, quit now. If money matters to you, quit now. If you feel incomplete and dissatisfied when you are not writing, you should stick with it. For theraputic reasons if for nothing else.
Zombie Apocalypse
So, what is YOUR plan for the zombie apocalypse?
I have moved beyond zombies. I am worried about werewolves this week. I think zombies are over. I think vampires are really over. Virals, maybe not. That's next week's concern. Mostly, I am worried about other people. All the time. Still working on a plan for that.
Final Thoughts
What's the best thing you've ever written?
That's like asking me to choose among my children. I love them all for different reasons and in different ways. My books, that is. So I can't pick one. I just can't! Okay, I can. Running With The Demon.
What are you working on now?
A trilogy (what else) called Shannara's Dark Legacy. The first book, The Wards of Faerie, will publish in late August 2012. The second book will publish in late March 2013, the third in late August 2013. All three are written. Mostly.
About the Author
|A writer since the age of ten, Terry Brooks published their first novel, The Sword of Shannara, in 1977. It became the first work of fiction ever to appear on the New York Times Trade Paperback Bestseller List, where it remained for over five months. They have written twenty-six bestselling novels, movie adaptations of Hook and Star Wars: The Phantom Menace and a memoir on their writing life titled Sometimes the Magic Works. They have sold over thirty million copies of their books domestically and is published worldwide. Their Shannara series is currently under option at Warner Brothers. Their next book, The Wards of Faerie, will be published in late August 2012. The author lives with their wife Judine in the Pacific Northwest.
Website: www.terrybrooks.net
