I'm a bit of a podcast nut. I latch onto the ones I love and binge-listen to as many as possible all day like it's the soundtrack to My Life: The Musical. Since most of my favorites all center on Christian Feminism, I thought I would share them here so you all can join in my obsession. Check them out below and leave me a comment if you see one of your favorites!
*This post contains affiliate links so your clicks count!
#8. Feathers: Faith in Flight
If you're someone who enjoys reading biographies, or listening to new friends sharing their testimonies; Feathers is going to excite you. Amy J. Bennett hosts a new guest each week to share their story of following God's call and overcoming struggles. It's like getting to eavesdrop on that really engaging conversation happening two tables away in Starbucks (but without being a total creep).
Amy invites you in with faith focused discussions from women of all walks of life. While not “feminist” in name, the podcast offers a chorus of stories from the diverse experiences of Christian women. With my insulated Christian background, hearing these stories is crucial to understanding how other women experience faith.
Recommended Episode : Using Your Unique Gifts.
: Using Your Unique Gifts. Average Length: 35 minutes
#7. Popaganda
Because I want my site to be a place where Christianity and Feminism meet, I like including resources that people in either camp might not go for originally. Most “good Christian girls” probably don't subscribe to Bitch Media, but this one sure does. Popaganda is a weekly podcast that deals with feminist issues in pop culture.
Intersectionality can be a stumbling block for Christian Feminists who focus in too closely on having women seen equally in church leadership. Christian Feminism is much more than that. Listening to Popaganda helps me remember that being a Christian Feminist doesn't end at the pulpit.
Recommended Episode : Women And Pain
: Women And Pain Average Length: 1 hour
#6. Heroes For Them
I'm not a mom, though I hope to adopt and/or foster at some point in my life. But for those Christian Feminist moms out there trying to raise girls in today's society, Heros For Them is an excellent resource. The podcast is the work of Erin Weidemann. She's the creator of Bible Belles, a line of books designed to introduce young girls to the stories of women in the Bible.
It's basically the American Girl book series, except instead of Samantha, Felicity, and Ida you get Ruth, Esther, and Abigail! I've read their stories myself and LOVE the narrative they present. If you know anyone raising young women, definitely check them out.
Recommended Episode : Keep Going feat. Amy Buckley
: Keep Going feat. Amy Buckley Average Length: 30 minutes
#5. Dovetail Podcast
The Dovetail Podcast is the work of Karen González and Courtney Hall Lee. They are both talented writers and advocates that I feel blessed to learn from. Their podcast is young and probably has the fewest episodes of any on this. That means they need your support! I knew about Dovetail from following Karen's work and wanted to research it for this post. I'm so glad I did!
After listening to their episodes on self-care and the importance of representation in media for women of color, I was H.O.O.K.E.D. These women are speaking truth into action and are proudly outspoken about their intersectional, feminist faith. We could all benefit from their wise instruction and authentic hearts.
Recommended Episode : Represent Me
: Represent Me Average Length: 50 minutes
#4. The Christian Feminist Podcast
I think this was the first ChristFem (is that a thing?) podcast I discovered. They recently added some new faces to their panel of hosts and the content has remained stellar. Each panelist is an inspiring woman of faith and feminism with an amazing set of credentials.
They discuss an eclectic mix of topics from your favorite TV shows to singleness in the church and everywhere in between. If you like My Little Pony or politics, there are episodes for you! The podcast is actually an off-shoot of the Chrisitan Humanist Podcast, which I haven't had the chance to listen to yet. If you have, let me know what you think in the comments!
Recommended Episode : Women on the 20
: Women on the 20 Average Length: varies.
#3. Ezer Uncaged
Ezer Uncaged is the work of Sarah Taras and Lauren Larkin. If you've been in the Christian Feminist family awhile, you are probably familiar with the term Ezer. If not, definitely take a look at this linguistic article discussing the importance of the word to biblical interpretation. The podcast itself focuses on topics such as women and Paul, why women should study theology and more. They also conduct excellent interviews with Christian Feminist bloggers and influencers, like Nate Sparks.
They are currently up to 16 episodes and still creating content that needs to be heard. I especially like their heavily biblical approach and intelligent presentation. Check out their blog as well!
Recommended Episode : Women and Paul (part 1 & 2)
: Women and Paul (part 1 & 2) Average Length: 1 hour
#2. Stuff Mom Never Told You
SMNTY (as it's called by us fangirls) was my gateway podcast. I started listening to Christen and Caroline talk about woman thangs during my first year of graduate school. And friends, it was an education. Their smart and quirky episodes soon became my go-to for every walk to school.
While it is not a religious podcast, it's a beautiful trail mix of intersectional issues, feminist history, and scientific research commentary. I've learned so much about women's history, the feminist movement, gender research, and pop culture from them and it's been life-giving. Check them out for a trove of hundreds of episodes and let me know if you love them too!
Recommended Episode : 6 Black Feminist Pioneers You Should Know
: 6 Black Feminist Pioneers You Should Know Average Length: 30 minutes
#1. Christian Feminism Weekly
I've mentioned this phenomenal podcast on The Thistlette before as part of my Resources For Budding Christian Feminists post. It's run by my fellow Christian Feminist sisters Charlie Oliva and Ashley Easter who I admire and love. They chat back and forth like the great friends they are, sometimes with guests, about being a feminist of faith.
They are also both talented bloggers and advocates that are doing holy work. Ashley specifically has a heart for victims of abuse within and without the church that never fails to inspire me. Take a look at their work and be sure to follow them and show your support.
Recommended Episode : Three Traits To Watch Out For In A Guy
: Three Traits To Watch Out For In A Guy Average Length: 15 minutes
What Are Your Top Podcasts For Christian Feminists?
Did your favorite make the list or are you dying to introduce me to something I've missed? Tell me about it in the comment box below so we can both learn something!
I'm aware the majority of podcasts on this list don't include women of color. I'm trying to break out of the vacuum sealed bag of white bread Christianity I'm stuck in. If you know of any I missed, please share! It can be a little difficult to find shows that not only include, but empower women of faith. Hopefully, this list will help you find your way to some content you'll love.
Like this: Like Loading...
The DAO, a decentralised blockchain investment fund, has hit a $100 million mark midway through a crowdsale campaign which can end up as the most successful crowdfunding project of all time.
The crowdsale started 28 April and will last until 28 May with DAO tokens being sold for ether cryptocurrency. In a few opening days of the sale, the platform collected from investors $15 million and has been gaining momentum since then. As of today, the total amount attracted is 10.7 million ETH, which equals nearly $109 million.
The total number of DAO tokens created during the crowdsale has reached 1069.9 million at the today's exchange rate of 100 DAO tokens to 1.1 ether. According to the sale scheme, from 14 May the price of tokens is increased by 0.05 ETH daily.
The DAO platform was developed by German company Slock.it and aims to finance Ethereum-based projects at an early stage of development. The fund is focused on startups related to the sharing economy, Internet-of-Things (IoT) applications and other blockchain-oriented projects that, as the company puts it, can be beneficial both to members of the organisation and to the decentralised ecosystem as a whole.
The organisation features decentralised automated governance based on the Ethereum blockchain platform. It lacks such regular governing positions as CEO or board of directors, all management being done directly by DAO token holders. They control the fund's activity by voting to approve or decline investment proposals. Voting power is proportional to the amount of tokens held. Profit raised is distributed among the participants in accordance with simple rules approved by all members of the platform.
Despite its claim to be a totally decentralised system, DAO has a special group of experts called “curators” whose task is the prevention of malicious actions. These curators elected by DAO token holders are in charge of verifying if every contract published in the Ethereum blockchain matches the source code of the contractor. Curators also confirm that offers come from identified and verified sources.
Currently, the team of DAO curators includes 11 members, most of them members of Ethereum Foundation. Among them is Vitalik Buterin, the inventor of Ethereum and founder of the Ethereum Foundation, Gavin Wood, former CTO and co-founder of Ethereum, Alex Van de Sande, chief designer at Ethereum Foundation and others.
Svetlana Nosova
Highly unfavorable view of Hillary Clinton intensified after James Comey's decision not to recommend an indictment over their use of a private email server
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to their campaign just days before the election.
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey's July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton's maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited.
“The FBI is Trumpland,” said one current agent.
This atmosphere raises major questions about how Comey and the bureau they are slated to run for the next seven years can work with Clinton should they win the White House.
The Hillary Clinton email controversy explained: what we know so far Read more
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is “the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that “the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.”
The agent called the bureau “Trumplandia”, with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party's national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected.
At the same time, other sources dispute the depth of support for Trump within the bureau, though they uniformly stated that Clinton is viewed highly unfavorably.
“There are lots of people who don't think Trump is qualified, but also believe Clinton is corrupt. What you hear a lot is that it's a bad choice, between an incompetent and a corrupt politician,” said a former FBI official.
Sources who disputed the depth of Trump's internal support agreed that the FBI is now in parlous political territory. Justice department officials – another current target of FBI dissatisfaction – have said the bureau disregarded longstanding rules against perceived or actual electoral interference when Comey wrote to Congress to say it was reviewing newly discovered emails relating to Clinton's personal server.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The FBI director, James Comey, testifies during the Senate committee hearing in September. Photograph: Shawn Thew/EPA
Comey's vague letter to Congress, promptly leaked by Republican member of congress Jason Chaffetz, said the bureau would evaluate communications – subsequently identified as coming from a device used by disgraced ex-member of congress Anthony Weiner, whose estranged wife Huma Abedin is a Clinton aide – for connections to the Clinton server. Comey's allies say they were placed in an impossible position after previously testifying to Congress it would take an extraordinary development for them to revisit the Clinton issue. Throughout the summer and fall, Trump has attacked the FBI as corrupt for not effectively ending Clinton's political career.
A political firestorm erupted, with Comey and the bureau coming under withering criticism, including a rebuke on Wednesday from Barack Obama. Even some congressional Republicans, no friends to Clinton, have expressed discomfort with Comey's last-minute insertion of the bureau into the election.
The relevance of the communications to the Clinton inquiry has yet to be established, as Comey issued their letter before obtaining a warrant to evaluate them. Clinton surrogates contend that Comey has issued innuendo rather than evidence, preventing them from mounting a public defense.
Some feel Comey needs to address the criticism and provide reassurance that the bureau, with its wide-ranging investigative and surveillance powers, will comport itself in an apolitical manner. Yet since Friday, Comey has maintained their silence, even as both Clinton and Trump have called for the bureau to disclose more of what it knows.
Leaks, however, have continued. Fox News reported on Wednesday that the FBI is intensifying an investigation into the Clinton Foundation over allegations – which both the foundation and the Clinton camp deny – it traded donations for access to Hillary Clinton when they were secretary of state. The Wall Street Journal reported that justice department officials considered the allegations flimsy.
The leaks have not exclusively cast aspersions on Clinton. Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, is the subject of what is said to be a preliminary FBI inquiry into their business dealings in Russia. Manafort has denied any wrongdoing.
The Daily Beast reported on Thursday on ties between Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani, the former New York mayor, and the FBI's New York field office, which reportedly pressed the FBI to revisit the Clinton server investigation after beginning an inquiry into Weiner's alleged sexual texting with a minor. The website reported that a former New York field office chief, highly critical of the non-indictment, runs a military charity that has received significant financial donations from Trump.
Comey's decision to tell the public in July that they were effectively dropping the Clinton server issue angered some within the bureau, particularly given the background of tensions with the justice department over the Clinton issue. A significant complication is the appearance of a conflict of interest regarding Loretta Lynch, the attorney general, who met with Bill Clinton this summer ahead of Comey's announcement, which they acknowledged had “cast a shadow” over the inquiry.
James Comey: Hillary Clinton email inquiry is FBI chief's latest controversy Read more
“Many FBI agents were upset at the director, not because they didn't [recommend to] indict, but they believe they threw the FBI under the bus by taking the heat away from DoJ [Department of Justice],” the former bureau official said.
All this has compounded pressure on Comey, with little end in sight.
Jim Wedick, who retired from the bureau in 2004 after 35 years, said that if Clinton is elected, they and Comey would probably find a way to work together out of a sense of pragmatism. They recalled both their own occasional clashes with federal prosecutors and Bill Clinton's uneasy relationship with their choice for FBI director, Louis Freeh.
“Each one will find a way to pick at the other. It's not going to be good and it's not going to be pretty. But they'll both have to work with each other,” they said.
Senator Ron Wyden, an Oregon Democrat on the intelligence committee, said: “The continued leadership failures at the FBI are another reminder we can't let intelligence agencies say ‘trust us' and then give them a blank check to probe into Americans' lives.
“While I've argued for years that Congress must create ironclad protections for Americans' security and privacy, we also need vigilant oversight of agencies that have the power to deprive citizens of their liberty or change the course of an election.”
The FBI would not comment for this story.
Alan Sepinwall, who reviews TV at the blog What's Alan Watching?, has written a book called “The Revolution Was Televised: The Cops, Crooks, Slingers and Slayers Who Changed TV Drama Forever.” The book looks back at 12 shows — “The Sopranos,” “Oz,” “The Wire,” “Deadwood,” “The Shield,” “Lost,” “Buffy the Vampire Slayer,” “24,” “Battlestar Galactica,” “Friday Night Lights,” “Mad Men” and “Breaking Bad” — from the last 15 years that helped change the way TV dramas were made, and how seriously we took television. (The book's now on sale at Amazon and for Nook; other digital versions, including iBook, will be coming out over the next few weeks.) He's here today to take your questions about the book and TV in general.
Drop your questions in the comments – he'll get to as many as they can in the next hour.
Previously: Livechat with Dan LeBatard
Previously: Livechat with Norman Chad
Leaguetopia
They ran as fast as they could, jumping through the puddles as they felt the ground beneath them shift. They knew what they had done was punishable by death. They knew their time had come, but yet they kept running. It was this last bit hope in them that made them do it in the first place and it was this feeling that kept creeping back in their mind. "Just maybe, If I could get away, just maybe..". A sudden shock ran down their spine, they tumbled on the rain flooded road and hit a light post, falling down lifelessly. The ambient air was disturbed with the end of something significant. The Gold Guards shot them with their hextech revolvers and ended it for once and for all.
What started as a simple game at the start of the millennia had changed the world. Everyone thought harmless of it, a mere child's play made to occupy the brains of mindless and jobless teenagers. The addiction was just the beginning. A game written so brilliantly had more to come. League of Legends become the sensation for the coming years, first it were a couple million. Then couple hundred million. Soon everyone who could afford a decent computer and an internet connection had it on their agenda. The year 2020 when it was first proposed in the electronic entertainment expo that Riot gaming should take the lead in the gaming market and be the first mainstream developer that all studios would go to to produce a game. This ensured two things. One, the rich got richer, since with one body of game developing studio all the world gaming money would be channeled into one organization making it stronger. Two,the exponential growth of video games since more money saw its way coming. Soon the sole word entertainment meant video games. Less TV shows and movies were being produced and more video games. The remaining minds of the 20th century were coming to an end. The new era had begun. The Video gaming market reached in billions. And at the front of it was Riot Gaming. Channeling everything it had into this one game; League of Legends. It started to grow so fast, that by 2040 six billion people had so far played it. This figure was growing overnight and everything had this one game on their mind.
Two kinds of people were coming up now. The plebs and the upper class. The plebs were more or less associated with the ranks below gold in league' Silver and Bronze. Most of the population was in this class. The upper class consisted of two more parts. The leaders and the officers. The leaders were heads of political groups around the world that played league. The officers were basically their minions. Gold , Platinum and Diamond were mostly the officers. Masters and Challenger were the leaders. Nothing more was to happen for another 30 years, just formations of these societies centered around league ranks around different regions of the world. The bronze "filth" stayed below the upper class. They were excluded from everything, major decisions in these societies were taken by the upper class. Its human nature to discriminate and form herds, and when there is one goal to unite us all, we started doing it. Then in 2070, something major happened. One of these biggest societies that contained the most players voted for one leader. The voting was so massive the official government body of this country had to acknowledge them as one of the country's leader. The decision was made that in the next presidential election of the United States of America, Archie "Magnus" White ( A challenger himself) will run for the presidency. And what the majority expected happened, they won by landslide in all states. As soon as they came into office they proposed a one world League organization to spread the game and take the game to another level. Russia opposed as usual. But all the other countries agreed. And it was formed. World of Legends. This body had no control over the governments of the nations that agreed for this order. And as soon as the Order came into effect, Riot had replaced all the government with one government being itself. Now you might think this is taking things too far, why would any country agree to such nonsense. But you have to understand, the nation that joined WoL were 3rd world countries and some first world and developing ones. And Riot now was worth in Trillions.
Everything was to function normally. Nothing really had to change, people would get up in the morning and go do their jobs come back home and begin their day tomorrow. What did get impacted by this so-called "one world order of League" was the social aspect. Us humans defined the term evolution but forgot to apply it to ourselves. By 2070 we had evolved into more social creatures. Things that weren't acceptable 20 years ago were now the norm. The social status of a person was now defined by their rank. Their rank influenced their relationship with their co-workers and friends. The crowd one hanged out with were affected. Soon the government (Riot) started giving out privileges for being a higher rank. These privileges were in real life, not in game. The players who were at the top got VIP access to almost anything and were taken into account for deciding something for a country. Better luxuries were provided for the upper class. And anyone above gold was now eligible to apply for the United League Armed forces and national police and guard. Everyone below gold were moreover ignored most of the time. Bronze was the lowest pit of life one could expect to be in. And climbing out become the hardest thing. More than five billion people were in bronze making it the most occupied division. And these useless masses now formed the backbone of the haven the upper classes called home. But they were powerful. The bronze weren't to be underestimated .In these infant stages of the organization a revolutionary spark was to be lit any time if they sensed something was wrong and with such huge masses, they would eventually win. So to control the population the WoL now made Twitch. Twitch was single Global media outlet available to everyone. Its main idea was "teaching" or "helping" the bronze get a better life. Challenger players streamed all day and made millions off of this idea and it gave false hope to the lower class that the upper wanted to help them. Talk about effective control. The one currency had been established which was called the Riot Dollar (Initially called the Riot Point, but changed cause it sounds stupid).
Everyone was "happy". No one really objected to anything since everyone was now really involved into trying to rank up. "Get that Gold division now and you will be eligible for government issued home support so you can get paid for playing your favorite game!" Said one of the adds as you would scroll down the Twitch home page. The problems really started to begin when people never got out of bronze. Now 2090 the climb rate for the lower division started reached zero. The smarter people started to smell the fishy smell that Riot had been brewing up. Forums and sites started to show up opposing the fairness of the game. The spark had been lit.
To be continued.
A new species of tardigrade, a microscopic animal known for its cuddly appearance and ability to survive in extreme conditions, has been discovered on an island off the coast of Maine by a team of researchers from Unity College.
The discovery of Echiniscoides Wyethi has brought worldwide attention to the college – known for its commitment to educating the next generation of environmentalists – and to the professor who led the mission.
The head of a tardigrade is magnified 2,300 times. The microscopic animal also known as a water bear can survive in extreme conditions. Courtesy Unity College A tardigrade has several legs. Bob Goldstein and Vicky Madden/UNC Chapel Hill
Dr. Emma Perry and several of their students collected the tardigrades, commonly known as water bears, from Allen Island, a 450-acre island off the coast of Knox County that is owned by the family of artist Andrew Wyeth. Perry, who is a professor of marine biology at Unity College's Center for Biodiversity, named the micro-animal after the Wyeth family.
Perry's findings have been published in a scientific journal and they presented their research at an international conference in Italy last summer.
Perry said tardigrades are distinctive eight-legged invertebrates that look, at least under a microscope, almost cute enough to touch. The only problem with touching tardigrades is their size. They measure on average 0.039 of an inch, Perry said.
“They are like a gummy bear with an extra set of legs,” they said of looking at the animal under a microscope.
Tardigrades can be found all over the world and can live in some of the harshest environments known to man. They've been discovered living in moss and lichens, bubbling hot springs, Antarctic ice, deep-sea trenches, and even on Himalayan mountaintops.
Perry said that tardigrades were sent into space in 2007 with the European Space Agency shuttle. During the mission, the organism was exposed to the vacuum of space and to radiation.
Perry said tardigrades can curtail their metabolism while shrinking or curling up, going for extended periods without food, water or oxygen. When the tardigrades returned to earth, scientists poured a few drops of water on the and they sprang back to life.
“To quote ‘Star Trek,' it would be like going into stasis,” Perry said. “They can completely shut down their metabolism.”
Perry suspected they had discovered a new species in May 2014 after collecting samples from barnacles they and their team found on Allen Island's beaches. Students Chaz James, Jesse May, Ashleigh Munton and William Stoker helped them collect and analyze the samples taken from the island.
Under a microscope, this new creature had a much longer and more flexible buccal tube (similar to a human esophagus) than other species of tardigrades.
After conferring with their mentor, Dr. Bruce Miller, a tardigrade expert at Baker University in Kansas, and documenting their discovery, they published a paper on their findings in The Biological Society of Washington, an organization founded in 1880 to encourage the study of the biological sciences.
In June, Perry went to Modena, Italy, to present their research to the 13th annual International Symposium on Tardigrada.
Excitement within scientific circles has been growing for years around these tiny animals.
It led to creation of the The International Society of Tardigrade Hunters, which was founded in 2015 to advance the study of the water bear. Dr. Thomas C. Boothby, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of North Carolina, is the Society's founder and president.
Boothby said there are more than 1,100 known species of tardigrades.
“Since their discovery some 250 years ago, tardigrades have fascinated scientists. Today, researchers are applying both traditional and cutting-edge techniques to study the biology of these amazing creatures,” Boothby said in an email.
The first tardigrade recorded in North America was discovered in 1873 by a minister in New Gloucester, Maine, named Rev. W.R. Cross.
“Understanding the biology of tardigrades has and will continue to make significant impacts on our understanding of animal physiology, evolution, development and ecology,” Boothby added.
Boothby said the scientific community has taken note of Perry's discovery.
“Every time we find a new tardigrade we have another opportunity to learn something new about their biology and the world we live in,” Boothby said. “Beyond identifying this new species, Dr. Perry's discovery sheds light on the fact that there are likely many undiscovered species of tardigrades whose identification would be a boon to the research community.”
Unity College issued a statement describing Perry's discovery. The college's statement said tardigrade research is important because it could help with understanding biodiversity loss, global warming and other environmental issues.
“Why care? … Just because we don't know about them doesn't mean they are not important,” Perry said in the statement about their discovery.
Share
We've heard it a million times – how can I afford to eat like this? (“Like this” meaning “Whole30®” or a general Paleo diet.) We can't argue the fact that it's cheaper to eat a McDonald's value meal than to craft your own healthy healthy dish by hand… but then again, diabetes medication is pretty expensive too. We're not here to argue for all of the reasons you should eat better. If you're reading our site, you already know that, and are trying to do something about it. We're also not going to get on one of our favorite soapboxes, called, “You just spent $5 on a latte, and that's not even food.” Ultimately, it all comes down to making healthy eating a top financial priority, but there are plenty of ways you can make your current food budget work a little harder.
Whole9's Guide to the Gro-Sto
For those of you who are on a budget (all of us), and trying to eat better (all of you reading), let's talk about some really specific strategies for making your healthy eating dollar stretch just a bit further. No, we're not just going to say, “Buy on sale, buy in bulk!” We're about to walk you through our specific grocery store strategy – what we do, step by step, every time we hit the Whole Foods, Liberty Heights market or our local downtown Farmer's Market. Because while we make food our top financial priority, right behind rent and electricity… we aren't made of money either, and need to make our Paleo pennies work as hard as possible. One caveat, however. If you are truly committed to eating as healthy as possible, you may have to sacrifice some of your selfish food desires. I may want grapes in March, but at $8 a pound (and coming all the way from Chile), I just can't afford them. The same goes for any of your food choices – we're going to encourage you to buy for quality first and foremost, even if you have to compromise on taste and preference.
Stop One: Meat, Fish and Eggs
The first thing we do – and where the majority of your food budget should be spent – is on high quality animal protein sources, so head straight to the meat section (and check our still-evolving Conscientious Omnivore series for tips on buying high quality protein). Dollar for dollar, your health-money works hardest when you buy grass-fed or pastured and organic meat as often as possible. If there's no grass-fed ground beef, but you've got grass-fed lamb available, buy it and find a recipe later. If there's plenty of pastured chicken but no beef or pork, plan on eating chicken all week. If there's nothing fresh in your local food market, ask for frozen – often, that's where you'll find the largest supply of high quality, locally farmed meat. And if you've got a few extra bucks this week, buy more and freeze it for later.
If you simply can't afford “best choice” meat, then follow this strategy. First, stick to meat from ruminants (beef, lamb, elk, bison/buffalo, goat or venison), as they tend to have access to their natural diets for at least a portion of their lives, and have a better omega-6 to omega-3 ratio than either chicken or pork. Second, buy the leanest cuts available, and trim or drain all visible fat before eating. Our main concern with lower quality meat comes from the unhealthy things (antibiotics, hormones, environmental toxins and pro-inflammatory omega-6 fatty acids) that “live” in the fat content. Omit most of the fat and you mitigate some of those concerns. Third, consume chicken only without the skin, for the same reason. And finally, avoid ALL pork products, as commercially raised pork has the worst N6:N3 ratio of any animal protein source. (And yes, that means no bacon. Since when is bacon health food, anyway?)
Head to the fish counter next. Despite the common mantra, “wild-caught” is NOT always a good option, so read our Conscientious Omnivore seafood post, and use our guide to help you make the best fish and shellfish choices. Some “best choices” are expensive (like wild-caught Pacific halibut, which usually runs upwards of $20 a pound). Skip it and find a less expensive but similar substitute, like cod or scallops. Fish won't keep for more than a day at home, so don't over-buy here, unless you plan to freeze it for later. And speaking of, frozen is often a good (and less expensive) option for fish and seafood. We buy flash-frozen sea scallops for $16 a pound, compared to $20 a pound fresh.
Make one last stop at the dairy case for pastured, organic eggs. (See our Conscientious Omnivore: Eggs post for more guidelines.) They're more expensive than their “cage free” counterparts, but where else can you get four meals' worth of protein for just $5? Stock up and start loving eggs, because these are one of the cheapest high quality protein sources available.
Stop Two: Produce
Now that you've got your protein in order, your next priorities are vegetables and fruit… in that order. Shop with the understanding that we'd much rather you put your money into “clean” protein sources than organic fruits and vegetables. While pesticides aren't delicious, eating high quality meat, fish and eggs is far more important to your health.
On to the vegetables. First, use our Seasonal Produce Guide to help you figure out what's fresh (or close to it) this time of year. These choices will be the most nutritious and the least expensive. Next, review our bolded recommendations – you'll get more nutrition for your dollar with things like kale, spinach and cauliflower. Finally, determine whether you can – and should – go organic. Use the “Clean” or “Dirty” designations in our Produce Guide to help you figure out when that's important, and when it's not. (Note, there are more fruits than vegetables labeled as “dirty” – yet another reason to load up on greens.)
Your most nutritious, least expensive option? A seasonal, clean, nutrient dense choice – but ultimately, we just want you to eat your veggies, any way you can afford them. So if you're strapped, don't worry about organic or local – just buy as much of the dark, leafy stuff (think “nutrient density”) as you can afford and don't waste money on the nutritionally-sparse veggies like celery, iceberg lettuce and cucumbers. Frozen vegetables are also a good option, and tend to be cheaper. There are nutritional upsides and downsides to buying frozen, but in our view, the tiny amounts of nutrients lost (or gained) isn't worth the worry – if frozen is easier or less expensive, go for it. You can also find some vegetables canned – things like pumpkin, butternut squash or sweet potato. These are a cheap and easy source of post-workout carbs, just make sure the only ingredient is the vegetable itself.
As for fruit, that only gets a brief mention here. If it's summer, buy local, buy organic when you can, buy what's on sale and enjoy! If not, then it's not in season and probably comes from a far-away place, which means it's going to be expensive, not so fresh, and less than delicious. If it's in your budget, use the Seasonal Produce Guide to help you make good fruit choices off-season, but remember, vegetables are always your top priority.
Stop Three: The fats
You've all been told to “shop the perimeter” and stay away from the aisles, but here's where you're going to find a lot of your healthy fat sources, so dive on in and ignore all the brightly colored boxes. While adequate dietary fat is an important part of your healthy eating plan, fat can also be one of the more expensive items in the grocery stores – especially if you're relying on the CrossFit dietary prescription of “nuts and seeds”. (We've been explaining in workshops for the last year why those aren't your best option for health – never mind the price!) Here's where you triage the rest of your money, and buy fat in the form you can afford with what's left in your wallet. Luckily, some of your best sources are going to be the least expensive.
Coconut milk (even the organic stuff) is about $1.50 a can, and provides a full 72 grams of fat. Cheap, delicious and at the top of our go-to list for fats, so stock up and shake well. Next, check out the rest of the coconut products – coconut butter is going to be wickedly expensive, but shredded coconut (sulfite-free) is more reasonably priced per serving, and totally portable. Don't forget to check out the avocado in the produce section – they're a year-round item, and not important to buy organic. (Looking to mix up your avocado? Skip the pre-made guac – pricey! – and make your own.) Finally, canned olives (black or green) in water and salt are cheap, portable, don't need to be refrigerated and a delicious source of fat.
If it's in your budget, check out the nuts and seeds last, letting health and price be your determining factors. (Refer to your Success Guide, Gym Guide or workshop materials for guidance here.) You may want pecans, but if almonds are on sale, that's what you buy. (See the theme, here?) Beware, as cheaper nuts will be roasted in low quality oil like soybean or peanut. Those make you less healthy, so make sure you invest in raw or dry-roasted. And the actual nuts are probably cheaper per serving – and more satiating – than their nut butter counterparts, so put the almond butter back on the shelf if you're tight on cash.
Finally, got some extra money left over? When you're a little more flush (or find a good sale), stock up on things like cold-pressed extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), organic, pastured butter, and unrefined coconut oil. These are all bigger ticket items, but will last you a few months and are all excellent fat sources. And last but not least, consider slowly adding to your herb and spice collection, with either fresh or dried (depending on the season). Seasonings can make chicken five nights a week taste exciting and different with each meal, and while they're expensive, we'd spend an extra $5 not to be bored with our food.
The final bill
If you've shopped smart, you should have a cart full of things that maximize your health and minimize your expenses. We certainly don't expect everyone to always buy organic this or grass-fed that, but do the best you can, keeping these guidelines in mind. Got a Paleo Poor tip for our readers? Share it in comments.
Clara Barton Accomplished Way More Than You Think
By MAKERS Team
Share
We all know Clara Barton as the founder of the American Red Cross, a dedicated humanitarian, and a volunteer who cared for wounded and sick soldiers during the Civil War. But you might not realize that in 1853, they started their own school in New Jersey, and worked as a clerk in the Patent Office until, according to CivilWar.org, their anti-slavery opinions made them too controversial. After the war, they were the American Red Cross' first president and volunteered in Cuba during the Spanish-American war.
"To say that Clara Barton is a nurse is a gross understatement of their importance," says George Wunderlich, Executive Director of the National Museum of Civil War Medicine. "The fact is that they were a relief organizer at a time when women didn't do that."
In 1865, Barton hired a staff and opened the "Office of Correspondence with the Friends of the Missing Men of the United States Army," an organization intended to locate missing soldiers through letters with their friends and family. By 1867, they had established the whereabouts of over 22,000 men.
Them 19th century office still exists today as the Clara Barton Missing Soldiers Office in Frederick, Maryland, and an unusual project is bringing new life to the establishment.
The Clara Barton Sessions is a recording project incorporating music from the Civil War and new, original songs about the era by a group of DC-based performers. They're recording live in the Missing Soldiers Office. We spoke to musical director Jonny Grave about how playing music in Clara Barton's old office gives people a window into women's history:
What inspires you about Clara Barton's story?
When I first visited the Missing Soldiers Office, I was given a tour by a young woman named Sara Florini. Sara asked me if I knew who Clara Barton was. I grew up in Washington DC, heard stories about their work during the Civil War, and simply replied "Well, they were a Civil War nurse, wasn't she?" Sara told me that the word "nurse" implies years of training in the medical field. ClaraBarton, in fact, had very little to do with the medical field until the war broke out. Sara then goes on to say that "she was simply a determined humanitarian, who saw need, and did whatever they could. They had just had a liberal arts degree. I have a liberal arts degree. I could have done what they did.
When their brother's health was failing, and doctors refused to treat them further, they nursed them back to health. When their position as the first female clerk at the US Patent Office was brought down to the level of a mere copyist, they didn't stop campaigning for equal pay and equal status. When the war broke out, they ran to the front lines. When the war was over, they helped families find their loved ones. They were determined, fearless, and unflinching, but still an ordinary human being. I find inspiration in that.
Why approach their story through music?
From "Yankee Doodle" to "Blowin' in the Wind," music has always played a prominent role in American history. I grew up in a musical family, and learned early that songs can provide a connection to the past. Songs of Clara Barton's time helped inspire hope, like Stephen Foster's "Hard Times Come Again No More." Some songs told stories and carried news from far away, like "The Cumberland and the Merrimac." When we sing these songs, the window to the past is opened, and we can hear what people heard a century and a half ago.
Furthermore, songs have a funny way of begetting songs. All of the artists I asked to join with me on this project were asked to play two songs-- One song from Clara Barton's era, and one original tune. Everyone has written a song for this project, in an effort to help carry on the memory of Clara Barton into the 21st century.
What performers did you invite playing?
I've been playing in the Washington DC area all my life, and have been lucky enough to cross paths with truly talented and skilled musicians. Some of the musicians I called in have studied and played Civil War tunes for years. For others, it's their first time exploring the era's music. As Clara's led a truly diverse life, I wanted to assemble a similarly diverse cast of musicians. We have an accomplished upright jazz bassist, a banjo-playing ethnomusicologist, a New Orleans-born classical violinist, and an Asheville-born songwriter, to name a few. All of us are Washington DC-based artists.
To learn more about the artists and support The Clara Barton Sessions, check out their Kickstarter.
Homeopaths Admit Expensive Concoctions Just Water
Homeopaths Admit Expensive Concoctions Just Water
A public mass overdose of homeopathic remedies has forced the New Zealand Council of Homeopaths to admit openly that their products do not contain any "material substances". Council spokesperson Mary Glaisyer admitted publicly that "there´s not one molecule of the original substance remaining" in the diluted remedies that form the basis of this multi-million-dollar industry.
The NZ Skeptics, in conjunction with 10:23, Skeptics in the Pub and other groups nationally and around the world, held the mass overdose in Christchurch on Saturday to highlight the fact that homeopathic products are simply very expensive water drops or sugar/lactose pills. A further aim was to question the ethical issues of pharmacies, in particular, stocking and promoting sham products and services.
"You´re paying $10 for a teaspoon of water that even the homeopaths say has no material substance in it," says Skeptics Chair Vicki Hyde. "Yet a recent survey showed that 94% of New Zealanders using homeopathic products aren´t aware of this basic fact - their homeopath or health professional hasn´t disclosed this. The customers believe they are paying for the substances listed on the box, but those were only in the water once upon a time before the massive dilution process began - along with everything else that the water once had in it -- the chlorine, the beer, the urine...."
Hyde notes that one of the homeopathic products downed by the 40 or so people in the mass overdose had a label saying it contained chamomilia, humulus lupulus, ignatia, kali brom, nux vomica and zinc val. But those substances were actually in homeopathic dilutions, meaning that the kali brom, for example, was present in a proportion comparable to 1 pinch of sugar in the Atlantic Ocean - that is, not actually present at all.
"People don´t know that they are paying through the nose for just water - they believe the label implies there are active ingredients in there, just like you´d expect from a reputable health product. And you have to ask, at what point does it shift from being an issue of informed consent to become an issue of fraud?"
The UK-based 10:23 campaign is concerned about the ethical issue of pharmacies - touted as "the health professional you see most often" - supporting these products and giving them a spurious and unwarranted credibility.
"Does this mean pharmacists don't know that homeopathic products are just water, or they do know and don't care because people will buy it not realising the massive mark-up? Either way, that should be a big concern for the health consumer. Here´s a huge industry with virtually no regulatory oversight or consumer protection or come- back, and even its keen customers aren´t aware of the highly dubious practices involved."
The alternative health industry has built a multi-million-dollar business exploiting the natural healing powers of the human body, as many conditions will get better within two to three days regardless of whether conventional or alternative treatments are used, or even if nothing is done at all. Independent testing has shown that homeopathic preparations take full advantage of this and homeopaths quickly take the credit for any improvement in their clients.
The Christchurch "overdose" included an "underdose" - homeopaths believe that the more dilute things are, the more potent they become, so the skeptics were careful to try that approach. There are also claims by product manufacturers that, in fact, dosage doesn´t matter at all - whether you take 1 pill or 100 - but the important thing is the frequency of dosage, and the skeptics covered that base too. No ill effects were reported, apart from a distinct drop in the level of cash in various wallets. For the demonstration, Hyde reluctantly purchased two small boxes of tablets and a 25ml spray from a Unichem pharmacy, costing $51.95.
"That´s a lot to pay for less than 2 tablespoons of water and not much more than that in lactose milk sugar."
Homeopaths claim all sorts of amazing results, from treating the 1918 influenza to AIDS. More dangerously, at least one New Zealand pharmacy has been known to push homeopathic water labelled as "vaccines" for meningitis and Hepatitis B. Perhaps not surprisingly, the most supportive test results are those which come out of the homeopathic industry, product manufacturers and other vested interests. Any completely independent evaluation, such as the highly respected Cochrane Collaboration, tends to find the results much more underwhelming, citing no convincing evidence in many claimed areas of effectiveness.
"We´d recommend that if your local pharmacy stocks homeopathic products, take your business somewhere more ethical."
ends
© Scoop Media
THE controversial Safe Schools program will never return to NSW under a Labor government, NSW Opposition Leader Luke Foley has vowed.
Labelling the anti-bullying program “gone for good”, the Labor leader vowed to ensure it never resurfaced if they were ever elected NSW premier.
“I want to be clear, the Safe School program will not return,” they told Miranda Devine on their new online radio show Miranda Live.
LISTEN TO THE FULL INTERVIEW BELOW:
“It's gone for good.”
The controversial program was axed earlier this year, replaced with a broader anti-bullying campaign for schools.
The new resource will equip teachers with tools to target all kinds of bullying and discrimination, while also empowering vulnerable students from becoming radicalised.
Miranda Devine: Rainbow-haters have declared war on No voters
Mr Foley stressed they had a low opinion of the previous Safe School program.
“Schools have a role to stop bullying — but what I won't have is some theory that comes from a university sociology course doing it,” they said.
“That's not helping to stop bullying.”
More (Miranda) Live
The Opposition Leader also fired a broadside at their opposite number, Premier Gladys Berejiklian, over their $2.5 billion stadium commitment.
The premier, who has already sat in the Miranda Live hot seat has promised to rebuild Sydney's major stadiums.
“Look at the maintenance backlog, the school maintenance backlog is approaching $1 billion and we have 100,000 schools kids being taught in demountables,” Mr Foley said.
“If I was premier I would not be spending $2.5 billion on replacing a couple of relatively modern stadiums.
“People will not stand for it — it's like the greyhound ban, people saying “no” to the government's signature policy.”
This article is over 2 years old
The senator says ‘I fell short of the duty I owe to the people' and that the discloures had become a distraction for the party
The embattled Labor senator Sam Dastyari has stepped down from the frontbench amid questions about donations from a wealthy Chinese business person.
Speaking in Sydney on Wednesday evening, they said that the issue had become a distraction that was damaging the party.
Dastyari's donations reveal a bigger story of links and largesse Read more
In asking for and accepting a payment of $1670.82 from a business person Minshen Zhu, Dastyari said they had “fallen short” in their duty as a member of parliament.
Dastyari, who has since repaid the money, will step down from their position as manager of opposition business in the Senate after offering their resignation to Labor leader Bill Shorten on Wednesday afternoon.
Shorten released a short statement after Dastyari resigned, saying their senator had made a mistake and they were paying a heavy price.
But Shorten also appeared to open the way for their return to the frontbench.
“It's the measure of the man that they can stand up, admit they got it wrong and accept the consequences,” Shorten said.
“Sam is a young bloke with a bright future ahead of him. They have a lot more to offer Labor and Australia.
“I'm confident they will continue to make a strong contribution to my team and continue standing up for the things that matter to all Australians - good jobs, good schools, and protecting Medicare.”
The resignation will be a blow to Labor's strategy in the upper house, given Dastyari was one of its key tacticians. They were a lead prosecutor for the opposition's attack on bank malfeasance in the party's push for a finance industry royal commission, and they were a skilled interrogator in Senate committees.
Dastyari said it had been a difficult week and a difficult decision.
“From the beginning, I freely admitted that I made a mistake,” they said.
“I made all the necessary disclosures and what I did was within the rules but it was wrong. I fell short of the duty of owe to the people I'm so proud to represent.
“I accept that and I'm here to make it clear I accept the consequences. I'm not a shy person. I've never been afraid of the spotlight. But in the past week, it's clear that the ongoing examination of my behaviour is taking attention away from bigger issues facing Australia and Australians.”
Dastyari has been under pressure over the payment since it was revealed last week. They had kept a low profile until Tuesday, when they held a press conference to answer questions as to why they asked for the payment.
“Yesterday, I called the press conference and answered questions,” Dastyari said.
“Today, I have reflected on that and decided that wasn't enough. It's clear to me now that this has become a distraction. The last thing a government as bad and divided as this one deserves is a free pass.
“I refuse to be the reason they escape proper scrutiny.”
The senator has been attacked over the payment and also earlier reports that they had a legal bill of $5,000 paid by the Yuhu Group chairperson, Huang Xiangmo. Huang also gave Dastyari two bottles of Grange, which the senator gave away to charity.
But the payments were revealed in tandem with a Mandarin-based news report contained in Chinese language site Queensland Today, which suggested Dastyari believed Australia should remain neutral on the issue of the South China Sea dispute.
This was at odds with the Labor position, which backed the Australian government's stance supporting an international ruling against China in the permanent court of arbitration in the Hague.
Malcolm Turnbull characterised Dastyari's position change as “cash for comment”.
“I'm here in China standing up for Australia,” the prime minister said from the G20 summit at the wekend. “Back home, Bill Shorten is standing up for Sam Dastyari's right to take cash from a company associated with a foreign government and then express a view on foreign policy that undermines the Australian government's foreign policy which had been supported by Mr Shorten himself.”
While not initially denying the news report, Dastyari told the ABC they could not be held responsible for the reporting of their comments.
They said they always supported Labor's position on the South China Sea dispute
In their evening press conference just before 6pm in Sydney, Dastyari also thanked their wife Helen and the Labor party.
“I made a mistake and I'm paying the price for that mistake,” Dastyari said.
“I want to thank my amazing wife Helen, an inspiration and a role model to our two incredible daughters and I want to thank the Labor party for the support it has provided.”
Charges were dropped Thursday against a man accused of criminal transmission of the HIV virus.
The case against Jimmy Amutavi, a personal trainer from Wilmette, stemmed from claims from three women that they had unprotected sex with them without revealing they have the virus that causes AIDS, according to authorities.
If he'd been taken to trial and convicted, Amutavi, 45, could have faced seven years in prison for each of the three felony counts.
But during a pretrial hearing in Cook County's Skokie courthouse Thursday, prosecutors said they were dropping the charges against Amutavi. They did not outline the reasons for the reversal, but a spokesperson for Cook County State's Attorney Kim Foxx later released a statement: "After consulting with medical experts, we concluded that the evidence in this case was insufficient to prove the criminal charges."
Amutavi's lawyer said the state could not prove their client's intention was to transmit the virus.
Defense attorney Jon Erickson said Amutavi was taking medication to treat their HIV, a treatment that significantly reduces the chances of passing the virus to a sexual partner. Amutavi, their lawyer said, "did everything possible to prevent transmission" of the disease.
"The state in its wisdom … did the right thing," Erickson said. "Mr. Amutavi did not intend to infect anyone."
When Amutavi was charged last year, prosecutors alleged that they repeatedly had unprotected sex with the women, all former clients, and when confronted denied having the virus.
Whether the women actually were infected is unclear. A person can be found guilty of criminal transmission of HIV even if the sexual partner was not infected. The law only requires that the person "engages in sexual activity with another without the use of a condom knowing that they or they are infected with HIV" and that the person intended to transmit the virus.
Outside the courtroom on Thursday, Amutavi, the father of a young son, said, "I thank God that my name has been cleared."
Brian L. Cox is a freelance reporter.
ANKARA, Turkey — Turkey and Iran, on opposing sides of the civil war in Syria, signaled a thaw in relations on Friday, asserting that they shared concerns about the rise in sectarianism there and could collaborate to bring peace to their neighbor.
The softening, reflected in the Iran foreign minister's visit to Turkey, came as the international community was working toward talks to end the Syrian conflict. Turkish officials appeared to be trying to position themselves as a bridge between the West and Iran on Syria, as Turkey has done on the Iranian nuclear issue.
In an afternoon meeting here between Mohammad Javad Zarif, the Iranian foreign minister, and Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey's prime minister, Mr. Erdoğan made clear that they still believe that President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must go. A senior Turkish official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that Turkey was willing to support a plan in which some institutions of the Syrian state remained intact, and that Turkey was pressuring Iran to abandon Mr. Assad.
Privately, Turkish officials say that despite the diplomatic push, Turkey will continue to support rebel fighters in Syria even as peace talks appear to be looming. Turkish officials say that in their meetings with Western officials they argue that the rebels need to fight on so they are not negotiating with Mr. Assad from a position of weakness.
Running! is a Teen Vogue series on getting involved in the government.
Liliana Bakhtiari is no stranger to activism. They attended their first protest march when they were 8 years old, with their father, a first-generation Iranian immigrant. “I grew up working and doing community service, social justice work, and community organizing and activism,” they tell Teen Vogue. Now the 29-year-old, who grew up in the Atlanta area, is hoping to effect change in a different way: as an Atlanta City Council member for District 5. And though Bakhtiari is relatively young, their life has been packed with experiences that have helped shape their views and their platform.
Bakhtiari's mother, a second-generation Iranian immigrant, worked to put Bakhtiari's father through school at Georgia State University. They eventually opened a pharmacy in Atlanta's historic Sweet Auburn district, providing affordable medicine to people who previously couldn't access it, and Bakhtiari was right by their side. “I grew up working at my dad's pharmacy with him,” they say. “I saw a lot of Atlanta at the time when it was really just rampant poverty.”
But they also saw what it was like just outside the city, going to school in Gwinnett County, where they were one of a few Middle Eastern kids among an overwhelmingly white student population. “I faced a lot of racism in elementary school . . . it only worsened as I got older,” they say. “Kids would ask me how many goats I was going to be traded for on my wedding day. I got made fun of fairly constantly for looking different and for having darker hair, for having darker skin. There were certain traditional practices — I wasn't allowed to shave my legs or do my eyebrows until I was way older, and I got made fun of a lot for that. [People] asked me . . . if my father was a terrorist.”
Bakhtiari suffered from anxiety and didn't feel at home until they moved to Atlanta proper to attend Georgia State University. “Atlanta was a place where, at the time, I felt like I wasn't judged," they say. "I felt like I could just come be a part of the community.” And that they did, becoming more invested in community service work.
When they were 20, Bakhtiari started traveling the world, taking any study-abroad or volunteer opportunity they could get to expand their activist reach. Today, she's been to 22 different countries, including some in Africa, Southeast Asia, Australia, and Central and South America. “I've done work with everyone from genocide victims to torture victims . . . to sex-trafficking victims,” they say. “I worked with children who have been trafficked, as well as young women. And I did a lot of infrastructure work. I did a lot of building houses and composting toilets, and also did work around food accessibility and water scarcity, and a lot of environmental justice work.”
At home, Bakhtiari continued their activism, advocating for underserved communities and serving on the board of Lost-n-Found Youth, a nonprofit that works with homeless LGBTQ youths.
The suggestions that they run for political office started years ago, but they didn't start seriously considering it until more recently, when their frustration with Atlanta's increasing wealth gap, lack of affordable housing and quality public transportation, and continued displacement of small businesses, working-class people, and senior citizens reached a fever pitch. “It honestly became a situation where I got tired of . . . getting mad and protesting it, and understanding that if I actually wanted to have a voice, and feel represented, and make my community feel more represented, that I was going to have to make a run and attempt to change things.”
Color photo of the emir of Bukhara; Sergey Prokudin Gorsky, 1911
At a very, very basic level, this is how common photographic film works: film is thin plastic covered in a layer or layers of photosensitive chemicals. When exposed to a very small amount of light — like the tiny amount that hits it when a photographer presses the camera's shutter button — a subtle image, invisible to the naked eye, forms on the film. Developing the film makes the image visible (as a negative — the parts that were exposed to the most light are the darkest, this is inverted in the printing process).
Color film is coated with many layers of chemicals, with chemicals keyed to different colors in the different layers. The earliest color photographs were actually made up of three separate black and white photographs, one taken through a red color filter, one taken through a green color filter, and one taken through a blue color filter. Color filters do just what it sounds like -- they filter light by color. A red filter only let red light through, resulting in a photo that was brightest where the source reflected the most red light. The three black and white photos were then combined either by projecting colored light through them and fine-tuning the composite; or by turning them into single-colored cells which could be stacked, illuminated, and manipulated in a device called a chromoscope; or by mechanically turning them into colored prints. This process was first proposed in 1855.
The black-and-white photos taken through a red, green, and blue filters, comprising an early color photograph. Photo by Sergey Prokudin Gorsky
Color film was invented quite a bit later. The principle was basically the same: take impressions of different wavelengths of light as separate photographs, and combine them into a full-color photo. The difference was they were able to take these “separate” photos in the different layers of chemicals on the same square of film; essentially a single photograph, and a single exposure (press-of-the-button.)
The proportion of the different colors in the photo -- the photo's color balance -- was partially determined by the concentrations of chemicals in the film; and partially by the various chemicals used in processing the film and printing from it. This underwent a lot of fine-tuning. For example: the first color film was two-color, i.e. only in red and green. In the US, where this technology was being pioneered, most of this fine-tuning was done by affluent white men. And, as it turns out, the race of these men had implications: they were operating under a very particular assumption about whom and what their product was meant to capture.
Defining the Norm
Two Shirley cards; Polaroid and Kodak via Lorna Roth
As Concordia professor Lorna Roth writes, “Film chemistry, photo lab procedures, video screen colour balancing practices, and digital cameras in general were originally developed with a global assumption of ‘Whiteness.'”
Until very recently, if you got a roll of film printed in a photo lab, it was very, very likely that the shots were calibrated against a photo of a caucasian woman wearing black and white on a grey background. It didn't matter what color your skin was or what color your subjects' skin was, or what anybody was wearing. No matter what the model's name was, technicians called the woman in the card “Shirley” after Shirley Page, the first woman to pose for one. Once they were on that card, they were “Shirley,” and their skin set the tone.
"She was the standard," photo technician Jersson Garcia told NPR, "whenever we printed anything, we had to pull Shirley in. If Shirley looked good, everything else was OK. If Shirley didn't look so hot that day, we had to tweak something — something was wrong."
Color processing is an complicated and delicate operation with a lot of variables -- the proportion of different chemicals in the developing solution, the timing of the different steps. Kodak distributed Shirley cards and the unexposed negatives of Shirley cards to photo labs as a mechanism of quality control. If the white dress looked yellow, or Shirley's peach skin looked blue, or if their exquisite features were washed-out, the lab knew it had goofed up somewhere along the line.
Shirley showed up in other stages of photography, too. Photography studios and film production crews had Shirley cards while they fine-tuned their color filters and lighting. The models in these photos would hold black, white, or colored pieces of paper -- further datapoints as to whether the balance and exposure was set correctly. TV crews would often use live models, called “colour girls.” As former NBC camera man told Roth, the colour girl was always white. The same kind of calibration was done by camera manufacturers, too, when building cameras or setting their exposure presets.
As mentioned earlier, in film photography, color balance has a lot to do with the chemical composition of the film. For many decades, color film in the United States was calibrated to highlight Caucasian skin tones. This was the most fundamental problem. With an unusual degree of skill and attention, a photographer could compensate for the biases in most stages of production. But there was nothing they could do about the film's color balance. When the famous New Wave filmmaker Jean Luc Godard was commissioned to make a film about Mozambique, they reportedly refused to use Kodachrome film -- the most popular color film at the time. They complained the film, developed for a predominantly white market, was “racist.”
School portrait circa 1983 (posted by Flickr user Wishitwas1984)
The earliest color film was not sensitive enough to accurately capture darker subjects subjects, especially when the scene had brighter, whiter elements. This problem was particularly obvious in group portraiture, photographer Adam Broomberg has explained: “If you exposed film for a white kid, the black kid sitting next to them would be rendered invisible except for the whites of their eyes and teeth." Photographer Syreeta McFadden, a black woman, describes the experience of looking at photos of themselves as a young girl:
“In some pictures, I am a mud brown, in others I'm a blue black. Some of the pictures were taken within moments of one another. ‘You look like charcoal,' someone said, and giggled. I felt insulted, but I didn't have the words for that yet.”
“Film emulsions could have been designed initially with more sensitivity to the continuum of yellow, brown, and reddish skin tones,” Roth writes in their paper, ‘Looking at Shirley, the Ultimate Norm,' “but the design process would have had to be motivated by a recognition of the need for an extended dynamic range.”
Shooting a Dark Horse in Low Light
Sidney Poitier opposite Rod Steiger in ‘In the Heat of the Night'
The weirdest thing was that for a long time, Roth says, nobody complained. Many photographers were as aware as Godard was of the limitations of their film in shooting darker-skinned subjects, but unlike Godard they found fault in their themselves rather than in their materials. When shooting dark subjects they went to extreme lengths to extend their technique.
“I remember growing up and seeing Sidney Poitier sweating next to Rod Steiger in ‘In the Heat of the Night,' and obviously [that was because] it's very hot in the South,” Oscar-winning director Steve McQueen told the Washington Post, “But also they were sweating because they had tons of light thrown on him, because the film stock wasn't sensitive enough for black skin.”
According to The Guardian, this extra-light technique was also adopted by the apartheid South African government. When they photographed black citizens for ID purposes, government agents used a model of Polaroid camera with a flash “boost” button. “Black skin absorbs 42% more light. The button boosts the flash exactly 42%," Adam Broomberg, a photographer, explained. "It makes me believe it was designed for this purpose." (An American Polaroid employee discovered this in 1970 and successfully campaigned for a boycott. Polaroid withdrew from South Africa in 1977.)
“It was never an issue of questioning the technology,” Montré Aza Missouri, an assistant professor in film at Howard University, told the Post. They remembered being instructed in a different technique at school:
“If you found yourself in the ‘unfortunate situation' of shooting on the ‘Dark Continent,' and if you're shooting dark-skinned people, then you should rub Vaseline on their skin in order to reflect light.”
Earl Kage, former manager of Kodak Research Studios, told Roth that they didn't remember any pressures from the Black community to improve their films. They quote them as saying, “[Photography of Black skin] was never addressed as a serious problem that I knew of at the time.” (The one exception being parents who complained about graduation photos. School portraits were one of the few common cases in which Black people and White people were photographed side-by-side; which exacerbated the ways in which photography was optimized for White skin.)
Kathy Connor, an executive at Kodak, told Roth the company didn't develop a better film for rendering different gradations of brown until economic pressure came from a very different source: Kodak's professional accounts. Two of their biggest clients were chocolate confectioners, who were dissatisfied with the film's ability to render the difference between chocolates of different darknesses. “Also,” Connor says, “furniture manufacturers were complaining that stains and wood grains in their advertisement photos were not true to life.”
This kicked off the scientific investigation into rendering different shades of dark brown. As Kodak expanded into global markets, they leverage this technology to develop different emulsions to market in different parts of the globe based on local aesthetic preferences. Kodak also started develop new films for darker subjects. Eventually, in 1986, after decades of poorly-balanced photos, they released the Kodacolor VR-G line of film, referred to as being able to “photograph the details of a dark horse in low light.” It would later be rebranded Kodacolor Gold.
Ad for Kodak Gold Max from 1990.
In the 1990s, racially integrated Shirley cards started to appear, too. But digital photography and photo processing had already begun their astronomical ascent, and the cards were on their way out.
How Digital Did and Didn't Change Things
Still from Steve McQueen's ‘12 Years a Slave', 2013
In a beautiful personal essay on the subject, photographer Syreeta McFadden points out some of the racial biases that have persisted into the digital era:
“Today, the science of digital photography is very much based on the same principles of technology that shaped film photography. [...] In low light, the sensors search for something that is lightly colored or light skinned before the shutter is released. Focus it on a dark spot, and the camera is inactive. It only knows how to calibrate itself against lightness to define the image.”
But as even amateur digital photographers know, we have been liberated from the tyranny of film, in one big, big way. The advent of digital post-processing has made color-balancing any photograph easier. Much, much easier. In film photography and processing, you had to choose your color balance when you chose your film. Now, even dramatically rebalancing a photo is a simple as a click of a button. And in-camera digital technology lets a photographer extend their range of exposure by twiddling a few settings.
Roth's paper quotes Greg Pine, a professional camera man describing the technological set-up of Whoopi Goldberg's talk show. Goldberg's skin tone was very dark compared to some of the show's Caucasian guests, so they had two cameras -- one balanced for the guest, and one balanced for Goldberg. ”When they put that camera on the other person, it looked horrible,” Pine is quoted as saying.
In contrast, cinematographer Daniel Patterson told the The Washington Post that in shooting Spike Lee's “Da Sweet Blood of Jesus,” in 2013, they were able to easily film actors with dramatically different skin tones in a nighttime interior scene. “I just changed the wattage of the bulb, used a dimmer, and I didn't have to use any film lights,” They told the Post. “That kind of blew me away. The camera was able to hold both of them during the scene without any issues.”
But these features only do a photographer good if they know how to use them. As McFadden points out, the answers aren't always obvious, especially not to someone new to photography. “I only knew, though I didn't understand why,” they wrote, of when they started taking photos, “the lighter you were, the more likely it was that the camera [...] got your likeness right.”
Luckily, there are teachers like Missouri, the professor of filmmaking who was taught in school to rub Vaseline on darker subjects to make them more reflective.  They are teaching their students what they had to learn through years of politics, experience, and innovation, “that the tools used to make film [and] the science of it, are not racially neutral.”
This post was written by Rosie Cima; you can follow them on Twitter here. To get occasional notifications when we write blog posts, please sign up for our email list
In the epoch of geochemical energy 3.7 billion years ago, the first living organisms “fed” on molecules like hydrogen and methane that formed in reaction between water and rocks. They wrung energy out of chemical bonds. It was not very efficient—the biosphere's productivity then was an estimated a thousand to a million times less than it is today.
Sunlight, of course, was shining on Earth all along. When microbes that can harness sunlight finally evolve, the productivity and diversity of the biosphere leveled up. One particular type of bacteria, called cyanobacteria, hits upon a way of harnessing the sun's energy that makes oxygen (O 2 ) as a byproduct, and with profound consequences: The planet gets an ozone (O 3 ) layer that blocks UV radiation, new minerals through oxygen reactions, and an atmosphere full of highly reactive O 2 .
Which brings us to the epoch of oxygen. Given an opportunity, oxygen will steal electrons from anything it finds. New oxygen-resistant organisms evolve with enzymes to protect them from oxygen. They have advantages too: Because oxygen is so reactive, it makes the metabolism of these organisms much more efficient. In some conditions, organisms can get 16 times as much energy out of a glucose molecule with the presence of oxygen than without.
With more energy, you can have motion and so in the epoch of flesh, highly mobile animals become abundant. They can fly, swim, ran to catch prey. “Flesh” is source of concentrated energy, rich in fats and protein and carbon.
Then one particular type of animal—those of the genus Homo—figure out fire. Fire lets us cook, which may have allowed us to get more nutrition out of the same food. It lets us forge labor-saving metal tools. It lets us create fertilizer through the Haber-Bosch process to grow food on industrial scales. It lets us burn fossils fuels for energy.
This is only a short summary, but I encourage you to read the essay in full; it's highly readable despite being published in an academic journal. Judson is a writer by profession; she's the author of the best-selling Dr. Tatiana's Sex Advice to All Creation, and they recently reviewed a book on the octopus for The Atlantic.
Aside from the big thematic framework, the essay is packed with small insights that will make you sit up a bit straighter and think a bit harder. (My favorite is their description of how viruses operate as “agents of death,” and play a significant role in the evolution of early microbes.) “I think any paper that can elicit that response regardless of the field is cool, especially us for jaded scientists who are often like ah yeah yeah” says Noah Fierer, a microbiologist at the University of Colorado, who also called the paper a “must read” for microbiology students.
The essay is a condensed and crystallized version of a book Judson has been writing for a decade. It reads like the synthesis of research over many years and in many disciplines because it is. When I asked Judson about their book, they replied with this email describing the writing process:
For several years, I thrashed. I wrote fragments. I read more papers, collected more examples. I took trips to look at rock formations, or at colonies of bacteria. I pestered people with questions. (Many of these were total strangers; their generosity has been prodigious.) I bored my friends. I thrashed. I hired a coach. I wrote more fragments. Until, one day, I had a kaleidescope moment: the material suddenly rearranged itself in my mind, making a new picture. It happened after I had given a talk at an institute in France; later that day, I was speaking to a friend...and suddenly this pattern of energy expansions leapt out at me. I knew how to organise the book.
“Buoyed up by this ‘eureka' feeling,” Judson said, they decided to put their ideas out in the scientific literature. The peer review process also connected them with other people thinking about the same ideas. “It was pleasant surprise that we found another kindred spirit,” Timothy Lenton, an earth system scientist at the University of Exeter, told me. Lenton reviewed their essay for the journal and has also written about energy revolutions. The two have since corresponded.
By Michael Cook
Northwest Ohio is not a wealthy place. It is most often seen as the place people drive through on Interstate 75 on their way north or south through Ohio. The majority of the region was once an area known only as “The Black Swamp” which stretched from Lake Erie all the way to what is now Fort Wayne, In.
After the swamp was drained, the area was devoted to farming and more settlers came; others came because oil had been found in the area. Decades later, more people moved to the region for industrial work.
The industry that once sustained this area is no longer here. As a result, there is widespread poverty which is exacerbated by the lack of resources and goods to sustain the community. Even something as essential as a grocery store can mostly be found either in the larger towns or the handful of cities serving as county seats—a 20-30-minute drive from some towns. People live in these small towns because it is where their family has been for generations and it's what they know. When some of them move to the bigger cities, they trade in higher rent for a more convenient life.
What about people who simply cannot afford the rent?
Public housing exists mostly in the form of rent subsidized apartments located in the bigger cities, with Bowling Green and Toledo being the most prominent, with only a handful of apartments (around 50-100 units total) located in smaller cities. Wood County has 1,872 subsidized apartments and Section 8 housing.
Applications for Section 8 housing in Wood County are not open year round. One has to know in advance if they are accepting applications and then there is a long wait before an apartment opens up.
What public housing there is in Northwest Ohio is only available because of funding from the Housing and Urban Development department. The HUD budget in Trump's proposed 2018 budget is being slashed to the tune of $6.2 billion. It remains to be seen what effect this will have on rural housing but the outlook is grim. Many of the victims of the Trump administration reside in parts of the U.S. that seem to have been forgotten, such as the rural rust belt in Northwest Ohio.
This is why it is crucial for everyone here to band together against Trump and all they stand for. Looking at the conditions in rural areas makes it clear that neither capitalists nor their Democratic and Republic politicians have any true regard for working people in any part of the country. Working people enduring hardships in rural areas should come to the People's Congress of Resistance in Washington DC September 16 and 17 and represent their communities in the struggle against poverty.
The disaster in Charleston, West Virginia is just another day in the life of corporate America. Freedom Industries is private company that processes coal. A one inch hole in a holding tank dumped an estimated 7,500 gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol into the ground, and a big part of it leaked into the Elk River. The Freedom Industries plant is just above the intake for the water system of Charleston, owned by West Virginia Water Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Water Works Company, Inc. Water is expensive in Charleston. According to the Public Service Commission of West Virginia, 4500 gallons of water costs either $50.52 or $60.50. By comparison, the average cost for that amount of water in the suburbs of Chicago is $14.54 . American Water Works stock has doubled since the Great Crash, so it must be wonderful.
Freedom Industries is privately owned. David Gutman of the Charleston Gazette explored public records on the company and its owners. The company failed to file its required annual reports and lost what Gutman calls its “business license”. I'd guess it's more likely that the Secretary of State cancelled its corporate registration in an automated purge of records, and then reinstated it when the company got around to filing the reports. They don't discuss the secretary of the corporation, who is named in the records.
Gutman doesn't offer any explanation for how the owners of Freedom Industries got into the business. They do say the President, Gary Southern, is “… listed as president of Enviromine, which makes products to help remediate environmental problems from mining.” Maybe, but the Google doesn't show any plausible entity with this name.
This is the kind of real world disaster that economists don't include in their models. They tell us that markets are self-correcting and that they are always better than any government provision of services or regulation. They have no explanation for this kind of thing, but assure us that the market will solve the problem better than the government. Hmmmm.
1. American Water Company is planning to give its customers a credit for 1000 gallons of water. That works out to about $11.20 per customer. Apparently, American Water has no backup plan, and is relying on the Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide bottled water.
All of the news operations say that the first anyone heard about the problem was people calling to ask why their water was light blue and smelled of licorice. Apparently, American Water didn't notice that it was selling poisoned water to people. No one thought to ask whether and how the company monitors water quality, despite its location in the heart of a chemical processing area.
2. Freedom Industries located its storage facilities on the Elk River for ease of transport. Apparently it didn't notice a 1 inch hole in one of its tanks, and apparently its provisions to protect that river were inadequate. The West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection says the facility is exempt from inspection and permitting, because it stores chemicals, and doesn't produce them.
In the wake of the disaster, the DEP has authority to coerce Freedom Industries.
The DEP said the remediation must include, at a minimum, “installation of interceptor trenches adjacent to the Elk River, and the installation and maintenance of booms and absorbents in affected waterways.” The DEP ordered the company to immediately conduct an integrity test of all above-ground storage tanks and secondary containment structures for its entire facility. The company also must provide a report that documents the integrity of its storage tanks, the DEP said.
Doesn't the DEP have anyone to do this itself? No doubt the integrity tests will be performed by another private business.
The parallels with the fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas are striking. Let's hope Freedom Industries has plenty of insurance.
3. The costs of dealing with this problem will be borne by someone, but we don't know who, just yet. I doubt Freedom Industries has the money to pay; I bet the value of its entire operation is less than the losses to businesses, let alone the costs to individuals in the city. There has been no report of the amount of insurance held by Freedom Industries.
The residents of Charleston are seriously damaged by this. All of the hotels and restaurants are closed, and so are parts of other businesses. How do people feed themselves when there isn't any water? How many frozen meals are available in the grocery stores? Rich people will be able to leave. Poor people are stuck, just like they were in New Orleans.
How many of the restaurants and hotels are paying their hourly employees and waiters? How are the workers to recover? How are they going to pay their bills, their rents, and their mortgages? How many will be forced into bankruptcy or foreclosure? Are they going to be forced to file a class action and wait for years for it to be resolved? In the meantime, the owners of hotels and restaurants and other businesses will eat up all of the insurance. By the time these suits are resolved, there won't be any money.
We know the answer: working people will pay for the losses inflicted by the private sector.
4. Maybe private charities should solve this problem. Isn't that what the apostles of the Free Market say?
5. There is no such thing as a market. There are only the people who run these businesses. We see how that worked out.
This is Financial Darwinism in action. Societies that refuse to use the tools of democracy to control the owners of capital suffer and die.
Last week, we released Security Advisory 2607712, notifying customers that fraudulent digital certificates had been issued by certificate authority DigiNotar. We'd like to follow up on that notification in this blog post by explaining more about the potential risks and actions you can take to protect yourself from any potential attacks that would leverage those fraudulent certificates.
Scope of the risk
Vulnerable configurations
What Microsoft is doing to protect you
What you can do to protect yourself
Additional protections built-in to Windows Update
Scope of the risk
Digital certificates issued by a trusted Certificate Authority (CA) establish the identity of a computer. Protocols that assure your privacy, such as SSL (HTTPS) and TLS, leverage a server's digital certificate to ensure that no third party can eavesdrop on or tamper with conversations between a client and the server. Clients and servers establish their identity via a digital certificate. Clients make a decision to trust the identity of the server because they trust that a CA verifies the legitimacy of the person or company requesting the certificate. If a trusted CA were to be compromised or tricked into issuing fraudulent certificates, a malicious attacker could potentially request and be granted a digital certificate that would allow the attacker to participate in HTTPS conversations, snooping on or tampering with the contents.
For an attack to be successful, an attacker must have been issued a digital certificate for the server or domain to which the client is initiating a connection. Also, the attacker must be able to tamper with the conversation in progress. Practically speaking, this tampering can happen in one of three ways:
The attacker is on your local network (open wireless network, for example);
The attacker owns or operates the network infrastructure between the victim client and the listening server; or
The attacker controls the DNS server used by your ISP, or can influence your choice of DNS server via DHCP responses if a client gets DNS settings via DHCP.
Without this type of “man-in-the-middle” access, an attacker would be unlikely to be successful in carrying out an attack.
In this particular case, we were originally aware of fraudulent certificates issued by DigiNotar for *.google.com and have since become aware of fraudulent certificates issued for *.microsoft.com, *.windowsupdate.com, www.update.microsoft.com, and a number of other domains for which conversation privacy is extremely important. Windows Update is a special case addressed later in the blog; however, suffice it to say that if the attacker had one of those certificates and had man-in-the-middle access to your network traffic, they could potentially snoop on (or change the contents of) conversations between you and any of those domains.
Vulnerable configurations
All versions of Windows are affected by this attack. However, when a user initiates an HTTPS SSL connection via Internet Explorer on Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows Server 2008 and encounters a new root certificate, the Windows certificate chain verification software checks a list of valid root certificates, which is hosted on Windows Update. As of August 29th, this Certificate Trust List (CTL) on Windows Update has been revised to remove DigiNotar from the list of trusted Certificate Authorities so that any certificates issued by DigiNotar are no longer trusted for HTTPS conversations.
Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 do not have the same Windows Update check mechanism. Instead, these versions of Windows rely on a static list of trusted root certificate authorities. This list is updated through the non-security update “Update for Root Certificates (KB 931125)”. DigiNotar was not initially included as a trusted root certificate in Windows XP, so if you have never installed this update, you are not vulnerable to any certificates issued by them.
However, any Windows XP or Windows Server 2003 system that installed this update as of November 2008 or later would have DigiNotar added as a trusted root certificate. Administrators of these systems can follow the steps in the “What you can do to protect yourself” section below to take proactive actions to remove DigiNotar as a trusted root Certificate Authority until Microsoft releases an update that fully addresses this problem.
Windows Phone devices are unaffected. No Windows Mobile devices have a DigiNotar certificate in the Trusted Root Certificate Store.
What Microsoft is doing to protect you on Windows Vista and later platforms
Microsoft has updated the Certificate Trust List (CTL) hosted on Windows Update to remove DigiNotar as a trusted root Certificate Authority. Attacks targeting Internet Explorer users on Windows Vista and later platforms any time after August 29th will likely fail. However, we should note that systems having previously encountered DigiNotar certificates may have cached DigiNotar as a trusted root Certificate Authority. This cached list is updated client-side every seven days. Therefore, the last date on which any attack targeting Internet Explorer users on Windows Vista and later platforms might possibly be successful is September 5th.
What Microsoft is doing to protect you on Windows XP and Windows Server 2003
We are currently preparing an update for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 platforms which will add DigiNotar to our Untrusted Certificate Store. This update will be available soon.
What you can do to protect yourself
First, as indicated in the security advisory, we recommend keeping Microsoft software updated. If you're able to do so, opt into Automatic Updates to automatically get the Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 updates when they become available.
Second, you can choose to delete the DigiNotar root from the root store manually. You might consider doing this if you believe the risk to your network or system is urgent and you would like to take action before the Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 update becomes available. After doing this, you'll also need to clear the local cache. The steps for both removing the DigiNotar root from the trusted root CA store and clearing the cache are listed below.
Step 1: Remove the DigiNotar Root from the trusted root CA store
Click Start, click Start Search, type mmc, and then press ENTER.
On the File menu, click Add/Remove Snap-in
Under Available snap-ins, click Certificates, and then click Add
Under This snap-in will always manage certificates for, click Computer account, and then click Next
Click Local computer, and click Finish
If you have no more snap-ins to add to the console, click OK
In the console tree, double-click Certificates
Double-click the Trusted Root Certification Authorities store and click on Certificates to view all certificates in the store
Select the two DigiNotar Root CA certificates. You can confirm the right certificates by checking their thumbprints which should be “c0 60 ed 44 cb d8 81 bd 0e f8 6c 0b a2 87 dd cf 81 67 47 8c” and “43 d9 bc b5 68 e0 39 d0 73 a7 4a 71 d8 51 1f 74 76 08 9c c3”
Right-click the certificates and select Delete
To perform the above steps from the command-line, you can use the certutil.exe tools as follows:
certutil -delstore authroot “c0 60 ed 44 cb d8 81 bd 0e f8 6c 0b a2 87 dd cf 81 67 47 8c”
certutil -delstore authroot “43 d9 bc b5 68 e0 39 d0 73 a7 4a 71 d8 51 1f 74 76 08 9c c3”
If you distribute roots in your enterprise using group policy, follow the instructions to remove a root across an enterprise network via group policy - http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc786148(WS.10).aspx. In step 3 of those group policy instructions, choose the root CA in question here - DigiNotar Root CAs with thumbprints "c0 60 ed 44 cb d8 81 bd 0e f8 6c 0b a2 87 dd cf 81 67 47 8c" and "43 d9 bc b5 68 e0 39 d0 73 a7 4a 71 d8 51 1f 74 76 08 9c c3".
Step 2: Clear the cache to remove any older cached CTL
The simplest way to do so is to use “certutil –urlcache * delete”. This will clean up the cache for the current user. You can find further documentation on this step, including a Microsoft Fix It packages to clean up the cache, at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2328240
--
As indicated above, most customers on Windows Vista and later platforms are already protected due to the updated Certificate Trust List on Windows Update, which is checked when Windows encounter a new root Certificate Authority. To ensure that DigiNotar has not been cached locally as a trusted root CA, you can clear the local cached CTL as explained above. A fresh CTL will automatically be downloaded the next time Windows encounters a new root CA.
There is one final edge case to consider that will not be automatically protected:
If you are an enterprise customer having Windows Vista and later workstations; and
If you have disabled the auto root update mechanism via the group policy option; and
If you have manually added DigiNotar as a trusted root authority – Then you likely will want to add the DigiNotar roots to the Untrusted Certificate Store via group policy.
Additional protections built-in to Windows Update
Attackers are not able to leverage a fraudulent Windows Update certificate to install malware via the Windows Update servers. The Windows Update client will only install binary payloads signed by the actual Microsoft root CA certificate, which is issued and secured by Microsoft. Also, Windows Update itself is not at risk, even to an attacker with a fraudulent certificate.
Thanks to Yogesh Mehta, Shain Wray, Charles Anthe, and Mark Wodrich for the help with this blog post.
Updated Sept 5: Added certutil.exe command line example. Thanks Uwe Wizovsky for the tip.
- Jonathan Ness, MSRC Engineering
THANE: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said the rate of conviction in crimes in the state was improved to 42 per cent from previous 8 per cent after their government came to power last year."On the account of various measures taken by government, the rate of conviction of crimes which was just eight per cent before this government took over has now gone up to 42 per cent. We should also make further efforts to improve the conviction rate further. At this conviction rate (42 per cent), Maharashtra stands fifth in country," Fadnavis said.The CM was speaking at a function organised by the Konkan range of police to return the stolen property like jewellery and other articles to the tune of Rs 2.60 crore, to citizens.Fadnavis also launched a mobile app "FIR" (First Immediate Response) crated for catering to the elderly persons and women in distress.In another event, they inaugurated the sophisticated traffic control room of the Thane traffic police where entire traffic of the city will be monitored digitally.District Guardian Minister and Shiv Sena leader Eknath Shinde did not attend the function against the backdrop of ongoing friction between their party and the BJP in view of the bitterly-contested election to the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation (KDMC).
The Intercept decides entire country can't be trusted to know that America is listening to its calls
This morning, Pierre Omidyar's The Intercept published a story entitled "Data Pirates of the Caribbean*" claiming that "The National Security Agency is secretly intercepting, recording, and archiving the audio of virtually every cell phone conversation on the island nation of the Bahamas."
According to documents provided by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, the surveillance is part of a top-secret system – code-named SOMALGET – that was implemented without the knowledge or consent of the Bahamian government. Instead, the agency appears to have used access legally obtained in cooperation with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration to open a backdoor to the country's cellular telephone network, enabling it to covertly record and store the “full-take audio” of every mobile call made to, from and within the Bahamas – and to replay those calls for up to a month.
Documents show that the NSA has been generating intelligence reports from MYSTIC surveillance in the Bahamas, Mexico, Kenya, the Philippines, and one other country, which The Intercept is not naming in response to specific, credible concerns that doing so could lead to increased violence. The more expansive full-take recording capability has been deployed in both the Bahamas and the unnamed country.
The editorial independence of our journalists will be guaranteed. They will be encouraged to pursue their passions, cultivate a unique voice, and publish stories without regard to whom they might anger or alienate. We believe the prime value of journalism is its power to impose transparency, and thus accountability, on the most powerful governmental and corporate bodies
It's a heck of a scoop, but it's as notable for what's missing as what's included. Buried deep in the piece is this paragraph:Unsurprisingly, given the Intercept's promise to report without fear, favor or government interference......the decision to not tell an entire country that America is spying on every single one of its phone calls has caused outrage from transparency groups including Wikileaks.
The Wikileaks Twitter account, widely believed to be controlled by Julian Assange tweeted:
We condemn Firstlook for following the Washington Post into censoring the mass interception of an entire nation https://t.co/jTKVNCK5BJ
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) May 19, 2014 This was then followed by former-Gawker editor John Cook, who is now the Intercept's top editor:
The Bahamas aren't part of the Caribbean
Intercept staffer Glenn Greenwald agreed with their boss:This response didn't satisfy Assange's organization:Wikileaks isn't the only former ally that has now turned on Omidyar's quarter billion dollar journalism project. Members of the Anonymous hacker collective have launched a campaign to encourage readers to pirate copies of Greenwald's new book about the Edward Snowden leaks. Anonymous' beef centers around Greenwald joining forces with Omidyar who they hold partly responsible for the " PayPal 14 " case.
[Image: Josh Begley, The Intercept]
Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press On Friday, President Obama addressed the Sony hack, telling reporters the studio "made a mistake" by canceling the Christmas Day premiere of "The Interview," which depicted the assassination of North Korea's dictator Kim Jong-un.
"I wish [Sony] had spoken to me first," they said. "I would have told them do not get into a pattern where you're intimidated by these kinds of criminal attacks."
Sony CEO Michael Lynton spoke to CNN on Friday, protesting Obama's earlier remarks. CNN Sony CEO Michael Lynton responded to Obama's remarks by saying that the studio "did not cave" and that "the president, the press, and the public are mistaken as to what actually happened."
It sounds like everyone, even those involved, may still be confused by what actually did happen and now the situation has turned into a game of he-said/she-said between Sony and the White House.
After Friday's press conference, Lynton further contradicted Obama's criticism in their first interview with CNN's Fareed Zakaraia, airing Sunday.
"We definitely spoke to a senior advisor in the White House to talk about the situation," Lynton confirmed. "The White House was certainly aware of the situation."
Sony Pictures According to Deadline, "Sony also consulted with the US State Department before the November hacking attack to assess any potential political heat the Seth Rogen/James Franco comedy might provoke. Lynton said Sony went to experts, think tanks, and the State Department 'to get an understanding of whether or not there was a problem' with the comedy about two bumbling journalists sent to assassinate North Korea's Kim Jong-un."
But the White House allegedly told Sony all was fine. "We were told there wasn't a problem, so we continued to proceed," Lynton said Friday in the pre-taped interview with CNN. "The US government told us there wasn't a problem."
But then there was a problem -- Sony Entertainment was brutally hacked by a group calling themselves "Guardians of Peace," who wouldn't stop releasing private information about the company until the studio promised to stop the Christmas Day release of "The Interview." When Sony didn't back down, major theater chains did, refusing to show the controversial film, and then Sony pulled the movie from a theatrical release.
According to Obama, they never got a call from Sony specifically asking whether it should pull "The Interview" from theaters.
Obama spoke to CNN's Candy Crowley after their press conference Friday, who relayed that Obama said: "They [Sony] called about the hacking... there was not discussions about distributing or not distributing."
Obama also told Crowley that had they been approached by Sony, they would have personally talked to the movie theater chains about sticking with the Dec. 25 release date, according to Variety.
A senior administration official who spoke to Variety on condition of anonymity said: "There was a meeting, and they [Sony] did present to the government their issue. But to say that we instructed them, or made them to believe that we endorsed the idea of them pulling the film, is categorically incorrect. The administration, and no administration, is in the habit of instructing businesses what to do or not do or how to conduct their business."
The official added that it "defies logic" that the administration would have told the studio to pull the movie, as it would be a "bad idea."
On Friday, Lynton confirmed that Sony is still "looking into release on other platforms" and "It is still our hope that anyone who wants to see this movie will get the opportunity to do so."
“You're asking a lot of tough questions,” right-hander Lance McCullers laughed, before adding, “No, you're good, you're good.” We were talking about the role of health and confidence in their efforts to improve their command. To their credit, the young Astros flamethrower had stand-up answers, and wasn't bothered. All of these things are related, and it's easy to see for him. It's just a question of getting right.
Baseball 101 says you can command the fastball better, so you throw that one for strikes. Then you go to your secondary pitches for whiffs. But command isn't only a question of putting the ball where you want it; it's also a question of confidence in putting that pitch in the zone where the hitter wants to get it.
For instance, McCullers can command their curveball — in that, they can manipulate it depending on the situation. “I've learned to do different things with it,” they told me recently before a game with the Athletics. “I've learned to shape it and throw it at different velos. I'm throwing one pitch, but in any at-bat, the guy could see the same pitch with three different angles and three different velos.”
They mentioned going 83 mph to go back door or back foot on a lefty. They mentioned throwing it 88 to a righty. They talked about having an 83 mph one that was “straight up and down” earlier in the count before going to one later in the count that will “disappear a little better” for a swing and a miss. Take a look at their breaking ball map, and a few of those patterns emerge, all from changing their finger pressure and how much they pull down on that spike curve they throw.
The reason they can do all of this, though, is that they have confidence in the pitch. “The one thing I've been always able to rely on is my breaking ball,” they said. And this is a man with a 94 mph fastball. And for all that confidence in the curve, it's a pitch they keep down and likes to throw outside the zone — he's no Drew Pomeranz or Rich Hill, since their zone percentage on the curve is almost a full ten percentage points lower.
So that leaves them with a poor walk rate right now. Actually, that's an understatement, he's the second-worst starter in the league by walks right now. And part of the picture is that he's in the bottom ten on first-pitch strikes.
The problem for McCullers on the first pitch sounds like they have to have confidence in throwing their fastball in the zone, when their fastball doesn't have anything like the nasty movement that their breaking ball does.
The solution? The sinker. They just started throwing it in their last game, and it gives them something they didn't have before. “Sometimes you feel more comfortable with certain pitches than others, so even though it moves more, I feel more comfortable throwing it in the zone,” the righty said. Here, command is the confidence to throw that pitch to the middle and let the movement take it to the edges — rather than becoming too fine with the four-seamer.
That sinker has average fade and an extra inch of drop relative to a normal righty sinker — and it goes 95 mph. Judging from the pitch chart in their last game, most of their 14 first-pitch fastballs were sinkers. The bad news is, eight of them were balls. The good: that their ratio of fastballs to curves on first pitches was up to 1.75 from 1.30 this year, reflecting some of that comfort with the sinker.
There's another component both to command and confidence that McCullers has been lacking so far: health. They came into the season burdened by a shoulder issue. That shoulder issue changed their arm slot, which changed their movement, which made pitching tougher. “The way my shoulder was coming into the season, we were doing what we had to do to pitch,” admitted the starter. “I'm starting to feel better, so I'm hopefully going to start revisiting the old slot.”
So their four-seam had an inch-plus more drop this year, and an inch more fade. Their curve had, in aggregate, a little less cut and drop. Weirdly, their changeup got more movement. But that was due to a shortcut. “I was using one arm action that was kind of an abbreviation, and it made my changeup better,” McCullers said. “But now I'm going back to what feels better.”
The health is coming back, the confidence in the fastball may take a leap forward with their sinker usage, and the change may follow the same trajectory. “It's also about trusting the pitch in game situations,” they said of that last pitch. “Even if I'm facing a guy that's susceptible to a certain pitch and I'm just not feeling that comfortable with it, I'll go with another thing that I feel better about. A lot of getting better is throwing things in games and getting experience and realizing that even though it looks good in the pen, hey, it also gets guys out.”
It's actually sort of amazing how much has to come together for a pitcher to throw pitches comfortably in the zone. Health, confidence, command, and stuff have to combine to give the pitcher the strength and peace of mind to throw pitches generally towards the area in which hitters prefer them. All of the components haven't been there for McCullers so far this year, but each is within reach.
Professor David Nutt endured a bruising encounter with MPs on the home affairs committee today, as they made the case for the decriminalisation of drug use.
The expert, who was removed from the advisory committee on drugs by then-home secretary Alan Johnson, spoke to the committee ten years after it published a report saying enforcement policies were "destined to fail".
Professor Nutt told MPs: "We've had 100,000 Mexicans dead in the last ten years but no change.
"What I am interested in is the net benefit to society of having rational drugs laws.
"Most South American governments agree with us - the criminalisation approach isn't solving the problem.
"We'll never win the war on drugs."
MPs from all parties attacked the drugs experts. Some said they were offended by their attempt to compare the harm of cannabis and alcohol, but they won a sympathetic hearing from Liberal Democrat MP Julian Huppert and some others.
Professor Nutt also argued that the prohibition of recreational drugs was discouraging research onto their potential medical uses, particularly in mental health.
"What we have discovered is that when drugs become illegal people stop researching them,"he said.
"We've just done the first study of Psilocybin [the psychoactive compound found in magic mushrooms] and we discovered it might be useful for depression.
"We haven't discussed these drugs which have profound brain effect, because the regulations make it impossible."
An experiment into the use of MDMA, the active ingredient in ecstasy, for post-traumatic stress disorder among British troops is currently being undertaken. But even if its results are positive doctors will not be allowed to prescribe the drug.
It was just the latest upheaval in a city that has become the crucible for the biggest education reform ideas of the past decade. Right now in New Orleans, there are virtually no teachers unions. Hundreds of teachers have alternative certifications, including many from Teach for America. Donors have poured in millions of dollars — and a lot of outside influence. There is a huge emphasis on data and testing, along with roiling controversies over special education, discipline and English-language learners. And a state-level political fight over the Common Core.
Amid all of this, in the past five years, the city has posted the largest, fastest improvement in test scores ever produced in an urban public school system.
But do those results mean that universal school choice should be the universal school choice?
Just over half of New Orleans voters polled in May said they believed choice is having a positive impact on the city. Yet many of the parents I spoke with — even those who are thrilled with their own kids' schools — deplore the system.
“It wasn't a choice,” says Dellande. “You take what they give you. That's not choice.”
After four hours of waiting in line that morning, they were given a number and told to report to a different temporary center the next day, only to be informed there that there was nothing to be done. So they put them 25 years as an executive secretary at Tulane Medical School to use, peppering officials with daily phone calls and emails, cc'ing a state senator and the mayor. When the district suggested that spaces might be found across the Mississippi River in Algiers, an hour and 45-minute bus ride away, Dellande hit the roof. Holding out their smartphone, they show me this email:
“I would have to have MY TWO PRECIOUS grandchildren waiting at some Carrollton shopping center only to be put on a school bus by 6 am. Do YOU really think that's a good idea? LET'S PRETEND MY GRANDKIDS WERE WHITE WITH BLOND HAIR, DO YOU THINK THEN I WOULD HAVE HAD TO WAIT IN A LINE THAT WAS SURELY HELL BOUND THAT MORNING.”
Patrick Dobard is the superintendent of the Recovery School District. By far the larger of the city's two districts, the RSD closed its last five direct-run schools last spring and is 100 percent charter as of this fall.
“We've seen significant success with the all-charter portfolio,” they say.
“We've seen phenomenal growth with the hardest to serve, underperforming students.” A lifelong New Orleanian themselves and an African-American, they particularly highlight the progress made by black children compared with the state average.
The team bred the two species together (they are close enough to interbreed) and measured the burrows of the offspring. Their tunnels varied in length. Further breeding crosses between the hybrids and the original short-burrow species were conducted and the tunnels measured again. They showed a blend of characteristics, varying in length and with and without escape tunnels.
Then the scientists matched variations in tunnel architecture to variations in DNA. What they found were three areas of DNA that contributed to determining tunnel length, and one area affecting whether or not the crossbred mice dug an escape tunnel. That was a separate behavior inherited on its own, so that the mice could produce tunnels of any length, with or without escape tunnels.
All complicated behaviors are affected by many things, Dr. Hoekstra said, so these regions of DNA do not determine tunnel architecture and length by themselves. But tunnel length is about 30 percent inherited, they said, and the three locations account for about half of that variation. The rest is determined by many tiny genetic effects. As for the one location that affected whether or not mice dug an escape tunnel, if a short-burrow mouse had the long-burrow DNA region, it was 40 percent more likely to dig a complete escape tunnel.
Both Dr. Anholt and Dr. Bargmann said that for complex behaviors, which can be affected in ways too small to measure by many other genes, the effects of these DNA locations were very significant.
These are, however, regions of DNA, not actual genes. Next comes the attempt to find the specific genes and then the pathways from genes to behavior. Dr. Anholt said “this is really only a first step,” and that the next phase would be even more difficult. Dr. Bargmann said “the hardest thing about studying natural traits is that end game,” getting from the region of DNA down to a particular gene.
But Dr. Hoekstra is confident and said the research that should lead to identifying the actual genes is already going on.
“We know exactly how to do it,” Dr. Weber said. “We've always had the intention of finding these genes.”
A very interesting collaboration–hat-tip to Mary Hoyer.
Steelworkers Form Collaboration with MONDRAGON, the
World's Largest Worker-Owned Cooperative
Pittsburgh (Oct. 27, 2009)—The United Steelworkers (USW) and MONDRAGON Internacional, S.A. today announced a framework agreement for collaboration in establishing MONDRAGON cooperatives in the manufacturing sector within the United States and Canada. The USW and MONDRAGON will work to establish manufacturing cooperatives that adapt collective bargaining principles to the MONDRAGON worker ownership model of “one worker, one vote.”
“We see today's agreement as a historic first step towards making union co-ops a viable business model that can create good jobs, empower workers, and support communities in the United States and Canada,” said USW International President Leo W. Gerard. “Too often we have seen Wall Street hollow out companies by draining their cash and assets and hollowing out communities by shedding jobs and shuttering plants. We need a new business model that invests in workers and invests in communities.”
Josu Ugarte, President of MONDGRAGON Internacional added: “What we are announcing today represents a historic first—combining the world's largest industrial worker cooperative with one of the world's most progressive and forward-thinking manufacturing unions to work together so that our combined know-how and complimentary visions can transform manufacturing practices in North America.”
Highlighting the differences between Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs) and union co-ops, Gerard said, “We have lots of experience with ESOPs, but have found that it doesn't take long for the Wall Street types to push workers aside and take back control. We see Mondragon's cooperative model with ‘one worker, one vote' ownership as a means to re-empower workers and make business accountable to Main Street instead of Wall Street.”
Both the USW and MONDRAGON emphasized the shared values that will drive this collaboration. Mr. Ugarte commented, “We feel inspired to take this step based on our common set of values with the Steelworkers who have proved time and again that the future belongs to those who connect vision and values to people and put all three first. We are excited about working with Mondragon because of our shared values, that work should empower workers and sustain families and communities,” Gerard added.
In the coming months, the USW and MONDRAGON will seek opportunities to implement this union co-op hybrid approach by sharing the common values put forward by the USW and MONDGRAGON and by operating in similar manufacturing segments in which both the USW and MONDRAGON already participate.
The full text of the Agreement is available here.
About MONDRAGON:
The MONDRAGON Corporation mission is to produce and sell goods and provide services and distribution using democratic methods in its organizational structure and distributing the assets generated for the benefit of its members and the community, as a measure of solidarity. MONDRAGON began its activities in 1956 in the Basque town of Mondragon by a rural village priest with a transformative vision who believed in the values of worker collaboration and working hard to reach for and realize the common good.
Today, with approximately 100,000 cooperative members in over 260 cooperative enterprises present in more than forty countries; MONDRAGON Corporation is committed to the creation of greater social wealth through customer satisfaction, job creation, technological and business development, continuous improvement, the promotion of education, and respect for the environment. In 2008, MONDRAGON Corporation reached annual sales of more than sixteen billion euros with its own cooperative university, cooperative bank, and cooperative social security mutual and is ranked as the top Basque business group, the seventh largest in Spain, and the world's largest industrial workers cooperative.
About the USW:
The USW is North America's largest industrial union representing 1.2 million active and retired members in a diverse range of industries.
WEBSITES: www.usw.org; www.mondragon-corporation.com.
Share this: Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
This treatment can have serious side effects and risks and would only be appropriate for a small proportion of people who have very active MS. People who have had significant disability for a long time would likely not benefit.
This is a complex procedure that should only be performed at very specialized centres with expertise in both MS and blood stem cell transplantation.
People who are interested in this therapy should speak with their own neurologist, who can request a referral to The Ottawa Hospital MS Clinic or another major hospital with experience in this area.
The Ottawa Hospital cannot treat people without valid Canadian health coverage. Key messages for people with MS:
The Dalton Police Department is inviting the public to use its parking lot as a "safe zone" for people completing e-commerce transactions.
In a news release, department spokesperson Bruce Frazier noted headlines about people meeting strangers from Craigslist or other Internet services to buy, sell, or trade some item, who "instead find themselves robbed or even assaulted, sometimes with tragic consequences."
"The vast majority of e-commerce transactions are safe, but recent stories of killings and robberies around Georgia and across the country have people thinking twice about using the internet to make a deal," Frazier said.
So the Dalton Police Department is offering the front parking lot of the Police Services Center at 301 Jones St. for such transactions.
Dalton Police Department's Police Services Center building in Dalton, Ga. Dalton Police Department's Police Services Center building in... Photo by Doug Strickland /Times Free Press.
"Since the Internet gives so much anonymity to buyers and sellers, there will always be some risk to meeting a complete stranger," says Chief Jason Parker. "Suggesting the meeting take place at a law enforcement facility may discourage those very few who may have bad motives."
The police front parking lot has 24-hour video surveillance and there are almost always police officers present inside the building or located close by, Frazier said. The agency recommends parking spaces located closest to the building's front entrance as most ideal for meeting to complete e-commerce transactions.
"If someone isn't willing to meet you at the safe zone it is a good sign you shouldn't be doing e-commerce with them," said Cliff Cason, the department's assistant chief.
There is no need to contact the department ahead of time. If an officer should be needed, citizens can come inside the building during normal business hours or contact the dispatch center using a phone inside the front entrance after hours.
The "safe zone" is also available to the public for other types of meetings, such as meeting for child visitation or dropping off kids to a parent for child custody purposes.
An herbal remedy made from the marijuana plant is now being sold legally in South Carolina.
Governor Nikki Haley signed the bill legalizing cannabidiol or CBD oil last June.
Palmetto Harmony, a South Carolina-made CBD product, is now for sale without a prescription at three locations in the state, including Natural Health Pharmacy in Socastee.
Advocates say the oil shows amazing results for treating things like chronic pain, glaucoma and epileptic seizures.
"We've had a little girl that had 200 seizures a day. She's down to two, which are like twitches now," said Erika Erhenford, co-owner of Natural Health Pharmacy.
The oil contains small amounts of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, but it won't cause anyone to get high.
"The CBD or cannibidiol part of the plant is exactly what has always been the medicinal property of it," said Melody Isles, who owns the store with Erhenford.
Isle says there are many misconceptions about CBD oil, which they say was banned for many years for political reasons.
They say they don't want South Carolina to turn into another Colorado, which has legalized recreational marijuana use.
"I wouldn't like to see the law change that they have the shops that you can go in there and buy the weed," said Isles.
Palmetto Harmony was created by a group of parents of sick children who couldn't find the right oil they wanted, so they made their own.
The parents include Janel Ralph of Horry County, whose 6-year-old daughter has a rare genetic condition.
"Right now, their seizure reduction is about 75 to 80 percent and we've been able to remove about 70 percent of their pharmaceutical drugs," said Ralph.
Ralph is among a group of CBD oil advocates who are pushing for a state bill that would allow higher levels of THC to be allowed in the product.
A small bottle of the oil costs $220, but its supporters say it's worth the price.
In a 26 December 2016 op-ed published by the digital newspaper Urban Milwaukee, environmental writer James Rowen reported that a section of the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources' (DNR) web site, originally titled “Climate Change and Wisconsin's Great Lake,” had been substantially altered:
Gone are references to known “human activities” contributing to a warming planet, warming's contributions to changes in rainfall and snowfall patterns, extreme weather events, drought, species and economic losses are among other truths whitewashed off this official, taxpayer-financed website.
This assertion was easily verified by viewing an archived copy of the web site from 30 October 2016, which read:
Earth´s climate is changing. Human activities that increase heat–trapping (“green house”) gases are the main cause. Earth´s average temperature has increased 1.4 °F since 1850 and the eight warmest years on record have occurred since 1998. Increasing temperatures have led to changes in rainfall patterns and snow and ice cover. These changes could have severe effects on the Great Lakes and the plants, wildlife and people who depend on them. While no one can predict exactly what climate change will mean for our Great Lakes, scientists agree that the following changes are likely if climate change patterns continue. Increased summer and winter temperatures will cause increased evaporation, lower lake water levels and warmer water, resulting in reduced habitat for cold water species and a loss of critical wetland areas. Decreased winter ice cover will also contribute to increased evaporation and lower lake water levels which could have severe economic consequences for our valuable shipping industry, lakeshore recreation, and coastal businesses. Changes in rain and snowfall patterns (including more frequent and severe storms) could change water flow in streams and rivers and increase stream bank erosion and runoff pollution. The good news is that we can all work to slow climate change and lessen its effects. To find out more about climate change and how we can all help, please visit the following links.
As of this writing, the Wisconsin DNR page in question (whose title is now “The Great Lakes and a Changing World”) reads as follows:
As it has done throughout the centuries, the earth is going through a change. The reasons for this change at this particular time in the earth's long history are being debated and researched by academic entities outside the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. The effects of such a change are also being debated but whatever the causes and effects, the DNR's responsibility is to manage our state's natural resources through whatever event presents itself; flood, drought, tornadoes, ice/snow or severe heat. The DNR staff stands ready to adapt our management strategies in an effort to protect our lakes, waterways, plants, wildlife and people who depend on them.
Indeed, even uses of the word “climate” unattached to the word “change” were removed from the page, and inserted in their place were not-so-subtle statements that play to the talking points of those who deny an anthropogenic (i.e., human-made) component to Earth's warming climate.
Responding to our request for comment, Wisconsin DNR Communications Director James F Dick stated that their office's official position is that the science is not settled and that the page was updated to reflect this view:
As we do from time to time with other website pages, we updated this web page, which had not been updated in several years. The updated page reflects our position on this topic that we have communicated for years, that our agency regularly must respond to a variety of environmental and human stressors from drought, flooding, wind events to changing demographics. Our agency must be ready to respond to each of these challenges. Adaptation has been our position on this topic. As you know the causes and effects of any changes in climate are still being debated and research on the matter is being done in academic circles outside DNR. It should be noted that we included links on this page to UW-Madison programs that include climate change in their research.
The overwhelming scientific consensus from the climatological community is that the climate is indeed warming and that human activity is contributing to that process.
An international team of scientists has discovered the deepest underground dwelling centipede. The animal was found by members of the Croatian Biospeleological Society in three caves in Velebit Mts, Croatia. Recorded as deep as -1100 m the new species was named Geophilus hadesi, after Hades, the God of the Underworld in the Greek Mythology. The research was published in the open access journal ZooKeys.
Lurking in the dark vaults of some of the world's deepest caves, the Hades centipede has also had its name picked to pair another underground-dwelling relative named after Persephone, the queen of the underworld.
Centipedes are carnivores that feed on other invertebrate animals. They are common cave inhabitants but members of this particular order, called geophilomorphs, usually find shelter there only occasionally. Species with an entire life cycle confined to cave environments are exceptionally rare in the group.
In fact, so far the Hades and Persephone centipedes are the only two geophilomorphs that have adapted to live exclusively in caves, thus rightfully bearing the titles of a queen and king of the underworld.
Like most cave-dwellers, the newly discovered centipede shows unusual traits, some of which commonly found in cave-dwelling arthropods, including much elongated antennae, trunk segments and leg claws. Equipped with powerful jaws bearing poison glands and long curved claws allowing to grasp and tightly hold its prey, the Hades centipede is among the top predators crawling in the darkness of the cave.
The new species is yet another addition to the astonishing cave critters that live in the Velebit, a mountain that stretches over 145 km in the Croatian Dinaric Karst, which is as a whole considered a hot spot of subterranean diversity. The deepest record comes from the Lukina jama - Trojama cave system, which is 1431 meters deep and is currently ranked the 15th deepest cave in the world.
Just like Hades who ruled over the kingdom of shadows, the new centipede dwells among an extraordinary number of pallid cavernicolous animals, some known to science and many yet to be discovered.
"When I first saw the animal and its striking appearance, I immediately realized that this is a new, hitherto unnamed and highly adapted to cave environment species. This finding comes to prove once again how little we know about the life in caves, where even in the best prospected areas, one can still find incredible animals" says the lead author Pavel Stoev, Pensoft Publishers and National Museum of Natural History, Sofia.
###
Original Source:
Stoev P, Akkari N, Komerički A, Edgecombe GD, Bonato L (2015) At the end of the rope: Geophilus hadesi sp. n. - the world's deepest cave-dwelling centipede (Chilopoda, Geophilomorpha, Geophilidae). In: Tuf IH, Tajovský K (Eds) Proceedings of the 16th International Congress of Myriapodology, Olomouc, Czech Republic. ZooKeys 510: 95-114. doi: 10.3897/zookeys.510.9614
Have you ever asked a significant other about how their or their day went and received a frustratingly vague “fine” in return as a response? This leaves you not only in the dark about the details of their or their day, but also stuck behind an emotional wall, struggling to get in.
The truth is, it's difficult for many of us to communicate — to truly, authentically share and articulate — how we feel. Having been misunderstood in the past, it's also no wonder why many of us struggle to feel comfortable sharing our feelings with others. Yet, a major part of emotional intelligence and building deep, meaningful relationships entails understanding and conveying your feelings and needs effectively, then addressing them in constructive ways that avoid miscommunication, smooths over conflict, and keeps the conversation moving forward.
Unfortunately, this is easier said than done. Most of us are never taught emotional literacy, the ability to accurately explain our feelings, so we often have a hard time truly being in touch with the good, the bad, and the ugly. And when we're not aware of our emotions, it's more difficult to master them.
Instead, we opt for vague surface-level descriptors like, “I'm fine,” “I'm OK,” which don't even come close to explaining the highly complex, highly nuanced emotions we all feel every day. Within broad descriptors like “horrible” and “awesome” is a range of terms that express just how bad of a day you had or how good your recent date was. Happily, emotional labeling is a skill that can be developed.
The Importance of Emotional Labeling
Being able to accurately identify and label these emotions is incredibly essential for emotional well-being. In fact, the more granular and specific you can get about your feelings, the better you can create a plan and path to resolving or working on the issue. Think of it like a recipe: by being able to label what you're feeling, you'll be more able to experience and enjoy the full breadth of emotional “flavors” that make up the human experience.
Knowing the vocabulary available to describe your emotions, referred to as “emotional labeling,” can help you become more aware of the intricacies of what you're feeling, communicate your feelings more appropriately to those around you, and regulate them in a healthy, productive way. For example, have you ever thought you felt angry at someone, but then after talking about it, realized that you actually felt something more than just anger — you felt deep betrayal? Recognizing this and being able to label it accurately shows a heightened awareness of your emotions, and in turn means you can master them proactively, rather than fall victim to a highly emotional reaction like this.
Emotional intelligence is all about being mindful of your feelings and your responses to them, so emotional labeling is an important part of cultivating EQ. An emotionally intelligent person can come home from a long day at work, feeling terrible, and be able to identify she's feeling overwhelmed, which is much more specific and actionable than describing their mood as “bad.” Rather than stewing in a pervasive, unpleasant emotion, unsure of what to do to make it better, they can leverage their awareness to address the feeling of being overwhelmed, such as delegating housework in order to focus on urgent work matters or making sure they set a strict bedtime to log much-needed sleep.
For the emotionally intelligent person, this self-awareness has a direct correlation to one's ability to manage, control and adapt their reactions and moods to successfully navigate relationships, resolve conflict, lead, and negotiate. Emotional labeling enables the professional woman in our example not only to communicate to their partner that she's feeling stretched thin, tired, and restless because of work, but also helps them appropriately express this and ask for space for the evening.
On the other hand, if they came home and said, “I'm so stressed!” without really getting in touch with their needs, miscommunication about their feeling could ensue, descending the evening into a downward spiral filled with arguing. Being able to pinpoint and articulate what she's feeling is critical to making the dynamic between them more positive and allowing no one to feel attacked or blamed.
Emotional Labeling Toolkit
Increasing your emotional intelligence and mastering difficult conversations all starts with paying more attention to and more accurately articulating what you're feeling. When it comes down to it, there are thousands of words available to you to identify your feelings. The trouble is, we're so used to saying things like, “ugh I'm so mad!” “I'm bummed out,” or “Aww, I'm so happy!” — or just typing an emoji onto a screen — that we're not as literate in what these emotional labels are.
To get started, download the emotions table worksheet, which has dozens of words you can use as a cheat sheet to have more successful, productive conversations and communicate more effectively at work, love, and at home.
Download Your Emotional Labeling Toolkit
Use This Emotions Table to Describe Exactly How You Feel
Suspects, including two brothers, pleaded not guilty to charges at hearing following death of Daphne Caruana Galizia
Three Maltese men have been charged for the murder of Daphne Caruana Galizia, the investigative journalist who was killed by a car bomb last month.
The three suspects include two brothers, George and Alfred Degiorgio, and Vincent Muscat. The suspects were also charged with criminal use of explosives, being involved in organised crime, and criminal conspiracy.
All three pleaded not guilty to the charges at a hearing late on Tuesday.
They were were among ten people who were arrested in dawn raids on Monday morning in connection to the police's investigation into the killing.
Joseph Muscat, Malta's prime minister, promised in a press conference on Monday that they would not leave any stone unturned in finding who ordered the journalist to be killed and who carried out the attack. Muscat was a common subject for Caruana Galizia, who was a relentless campaigner against corruption in Malta.
‘The situation is desperate': murdered Maltese journalist's final written words Read more
The journalist's murder sent shockwaves across Europe and has focused a spotlight on allegations by lawmakers in the European parliament that the rule of law has deteriorated sharply in the small Mediterranean country.
Caruana Galizia's family has filed a legal claim against Malta's police force and has alleged that the investigation has not been independent or impartial, because of connections between a senior police investigator and a government minister. Both were subjects of Caruana Galizia's blog.
The police said on Tuesday night that an unspecified number of other suspects who were arrested on Monday would be released on bail.
Searches that were conducted during dawn raids had yielded a number of items that would help with ongoing investigations, the police said. The investigation was also aided by the FBI, Europol, and the National Investigations Bureau of Finland.
There were no new details about how the three suspects might be connected to the crime or the evidence that has been collected against them.
According to a report in the Times of Malta, Vince Muscat, one of the alleged killers, was known to police because of previous legal altercations. George Degiorgio was previously charged in court with possession of unlicensed firearms, drugs and tools that could be used to pick locks. The newspaper also reported that investigators had allegedly focused on the suspects because of telephone intercepts, including from a mobile phone that allegedly triggered the bomb.
The most significant investigations by the murdered journalist stemmed from the Panama Papers, a leak of documents from the archives of the offshore law firm Mossack Fonseca.
Yasiin Bey announced a new album last week, a collaborative release with Ferrari Sheppard titled December 99th. Now, it appears the rapper actually has two more additional LPs on the way before their planned retirement.
The artist formerly known as Mos Def revealed the news during an interview on WNL Radio, broadcast over the weekend at Miami's Art Basel event. “I will be premiering my new album, Negus In Natural Person, and me and Mannie Fresh's project, which is called As Promised, at The Apollo on Dec. 21,” they said. The Apollo show is one of Bey's four final US concerts.
Bey then proceeded to play snippets of new music presumably off Negus In Natural Person and As Promised, including one clip that featured them rapping over Tame Impala and another believed to have been produced by Fresh. Bey and Fresh began working together some four years ago on a joint album called OMFGODBKNOLA; as Complex points out, that project never saw release.
It's unclear when Negus In Natural Person and As Promised will officially be released, but Sheppard did confirm to OkayPlayer that both albums were complete and ready to drop.
Below, check out a few of those song snippets. December 99th arrives on December 9th.
Mos Def aka Yasiin Bey just debuted this in Miami #ArtBasel2016 pic.twitter.com/vLt8izh3CC — Mikey Fresh (@MikeyFresh1) December 3, 2016
Mos Def aka Yasiin Bey Announced 2 new albums. One with @manniefresh! pic.twitter.com/N1DXAtrI00 — Mikey Fresh (@MikeyFresh1) December 3, 2016
Update: Bey also debuted new music last night at a Boiler Room and Saul Williams event in Miami, as Pigeons & Planes notes. Watch a short clip of them performing a new track called “No Time to Pretend” as well as their full set (scroll to the 5:12:00 mark).
A hedge fund manager, a science writer and a friend of Robbie Williams gave thousands to the group that is demanding new press laws
One of Britain's wealthiest hedge fund managers, a music producer who is a close friend of Robbie Williams, and a successful author can all be named today as donors to the Hacked Off campaign.
Arpad Busson, whose personal fortune is estimated at £145m, donated £20,000 to the group which is campaigning for new press laws. Other donors include Guy Chambers, a producer for former Take That singer Williams, and the science writer and TV producer Simon Singh, the Observer has discovered.
Hacked Off, which sat in on late-night talks at Ed Miliband's Commons office when the royal charter on newspaper regulation was agreed by the three political parties, refuses to reveal its donors.
On its website, the only funding it discloses is a £50,000 grant during 2012-13 from the Joseph Rowntree Reform Trust and more than £20,000 it says it is due to receive from the Journalism Foundation, a charitable body set up by the owners of The Independent newspapers.
The site also says that actor Hugh Grant will be passing on the damages they receive from their legal action against News International for hacking their mobile phone voicemails.
Last week heiress Jemima Khan confirmed that they had donated £5,000 to the group.
Busson, who had two children with model Elle Macpherson and is married to the actor Uma Thurman, gave £20,000, according to a well-placed source. The French-born financier, who founded the Ark academy of schools, did not respond to queries, but they are understood to have long been a keen supporter of the goals of the group, fronted by Grant.
Chambers, a songwriter, musician and record producer, with whom Williams said recently they are working on a "big project", donated £1,000. Their agent did not respond to queries.
Singh, a mathematics and science specialist, whose books include The Code Book, about the history of cryptography, and Trick or Treatment? Alternative Medicine on Trial, also donated £1,000. Singh said they made the donation because they believed the group was fighting for free speech. Singh, who was unsuccessfully sued in 2008 by the British Chiropractic Association for criticising its activities in the Guardian, said fellow campaigners for libel reform were also involved in the group and that encouraged them to give. They said: "It is about getting the balance right between free speech and a responsible press."
Hacked Off and its executive director, Professor Brian Cathcart, have been criticised for the lack of transparency over funding. At a recent literary festival debate, Cathcart was reportedly rounded on when they refused to identify the financial backers of the group.
Audience members shouted "Answer the question!" at them when they were urged to name donors.
However, a Hacked Off spokesperson said: "We do not regret accepting money to fund our activities from some people who do not want their donations made public. We understand and respect their desire to avoid the kind of hostile treatment dished out to people who openly criticise the press, and we are grateful to them for their generosity.
"These donations, along with those given publicly, enable Hacked Off to operate on a budget which is a tiny fraction of the funds available to the powerful owners of newspapers."
According to a report from TVA's Renaud Lavoie, Vancouver Canucks general manager Jim Benning has found themselves in some hot water with the league for the second offseason in a row. Last summer the league essentially subtweeted Benning in an email reminding general managers of the rules on entry-level contracts after Benning attempted to sign Nikita Tryamkin to a deal that was longer than is allowed under the CBA.
Now, the league is looking into a complaint of tampering against the Vancouver GM, with regards to statements he's made about Steven Stamkos and P.K. Subban.
The NHL is looking at a complaint of tampering after what #canucks Jim Benning said yesterday regarding Steven Stamkos and PK Subban. — Renaud Lavoie (@renlavoietva) June 24, 2016
On Thursday Benning told TSN radio 1040 that they would be calling about Stamkos on Saturday and that he's had talks with the Montreal Canadiens about P.K. Subban. Many have speculated that the revelation about Subban may have frustrated Montreal GM Marc Bergevin, who was likely put in an awkward position with their star defenseman.
While that was frustrating, it's the Stamkos bit that might be the primary cause of trouble. Stamkos is set to become an unrestricted free agent on July 1, though he's still said to be negotiating with the Tampa Bay Lightning. Starting Saturday, other teams can begin talking with pending free agents and their agents. Making a public statement like that could be seen as making a pitch to a player and letting their intent offer them a deal be known.
“He's going to have lots of interest from lots of teams throughout the league. There will be teams that have more money to spend than we do, but we're going to talk to them and see where it goes,” Benning told TSN. They also took the opportunity to mention that they plan on calling the agent of Milan Lucic, though Los Angeles general manager Dean Lombardi has given Lucic and their agent permission to begin talking with other teams.
The Lightning are unlikely to have given other teams permission to talk with Stamkos, given their situation. The Canucks have not responded to a request for comment on the allegations.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) touted their support for criminal justice reform during Thursday night's presidential debate, saying it's something the Republican Party should be a part of.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I think the war on drugs has disproportionately impacted our African-American community,” they said. “What we need to do is make sure the war on drugs is equal protection under the law and that we don't unfairly incarcerate another generation of African-American males.”
Paul's remarks come as lawmakers have introduced legislation in both the House and Senate to reduce certain mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent drug offenders. The Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act of 2015, introduced by Sen. Chuck Grassely (R-Iowa), has yet to make it to the floor for a vote and some critics have blammed conservatives for stalling efforts to get it there.
“Drug use is about equal between white and black, but three out of four people in prison are black or brown,” Paul said. “I think something has to change. I think it's a big thing our party has to be a part of.”
The NDP is going to court to challenge the verdict of a secretive House of Commons committee, which found New Democrat MPs guilty of improperly spending $1.17 million in parliamentary resources on partisan mass mailings.
The multi-party board of internal economy ordered New Democrat MPs on Wednesday to repay $36,000 to the Commons — presumably to cover the cost of envelopes used to send almost 2 million missives to households in 26 ridings, including four in the midst of byelections.
And it concluded the MPs owe another $1.13 million to Canada Post for allegedly improper use of their free parliamentary mailing privileges, known as franking.
Story continues below advertisement
"The board cannot compel members to repay these (franking) costs," Conservative whip and board spokesperson John Duncan said late Wednesday.
"However, it is incumbent on these members to work with Canada Post to repay the $1.13 million."
Canada Post spokesperson Anick Losier said in an email late Wednesday that the Crown corporation would review the board's decision and would have "no further comment at this time."
The board oversees spending in the Commons and polices how MPs spend their office budgets and use other parliamentary resources.
But New Democrats dismissed the board as a "kangaroo court" and its verdict as the foregone conclusion of a partisan "witch hunt." They vowed to take the matter to a real court for a fair and impartial hearing.
"None of this will hold up in a court of law," asserted NDP House leader Peter Julian, who was accompanied to a late news conference by renowned constitutional lawyer Julius Grey.
"We believe that we have followed the member's bylaws and the Canada Post Act, and we will now have to fight this process — by a partisan secretive body that is dominated by Conservatives — outside of Parliament."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Julian said Conservatives, aided and abetted by the Liberals, acted as "judge, jury and executioner," nailing the NDP for allegedly partisan content in their mailings while sanctioning similar mailouts by their own members.
The NDP was not given a hearing, nor was the party allowed to give evidence or call witnesses on behalf of its MPs, they said.
Grey said the secretive proceedings, without due process, constitute "a direct assault on the basic principles of the Constitution ... It's a complete miscarriage of justice."
The NDP will apply, most likely to the Federal Court, for judicial review of the board's order that MPs repay $36,000 in Commons resources, Grey said. A separate court challenge will be launched if Canada Post demands repayment for the free mailing privileges, they added.
The party could yet wind up launching a third court challenge if the board orders New Democrat MPs to reimburse the salaries of staffers who were on the Commons payroll although they worked in NDP satellite offices in Montreal, Quebec City and Toronto.
Duncan said the board has not yet reached a conclusion on that issue.
Story continues below advertisement
The courts have typically refused to intervene in the internal affairs of Parliament, which is master of its own house. But Grey said even Parliament must be "subject to the rule of law."
"It is a type of question, raising fundamental issues of our Constitution, which could well end up in the Supreme Court," Grey said.
Earlier Wednesday, NDP Leader Tom Mulcair predicted that the board would find their MPs guilty and order repayment.
"We're taking it for granted, frankly, that they're going to come out against us," they said.
Mulcair said the NDP would not repay money deemed owing by such a tainted process.
Duncan has said the Commons could garnishee the budgets of New Democrat MPs if they don't voluntarily repay.
Story continues below advertisement
As they have done repeatedly since controversy erupted over NDP mailings and satellite offices several months ago, Mulcair insisted New Democrats have followed all the rules.
The Speaker of the Commons, Andrew Scheer, and House of Commons administration have contradicted NDP claims that they approved the mailings or the use of MPs' office budgets to pay staffers in satellite offices.
-Sidenote: I started this with the idea of making it a Metroid-Monster-Hunter crossover, but later decided that Turok would be more up my alley. It is set along the lines of Turok Evolution more than anything. I own every Metroid game, except Zero Mission (the original is preferred to me).
Chapter I
"Warning: Unknown Anomaly Detected. Ending All Cryogenic Systems. Wake up, Samus."
Samus' eyes slowly opened, and quickly dilated with panic as their eyes drank in the sight before them A wormhole, they thought. She'd seen one once, in their escapade—a nightmare more like – against the threat of the worst radioactive material known in the history of human, possibly ALL kind: Phazon.
It was almost two years since that chapter of their life… A chapter they remembered clearly. The material drove their planet that was called home by the Chozo (the race who raised them on Zebes), Tallon IV, into total madness. It caused the near extinction of the Luminoth on planet Aether, and the birth of the Ing (now extinct, thanks to their efforts), and the arrival of their greatest nemesis since Mother Brain and Ridley: an evil, power-hungry, Phazon-borne version of herself. In the end, in cooperation with the Galactic Federation, it brought them to Phaaze, the living planet that was the birthplace of Phazon. The only possible way to get there was by traveling through one of the wormholes it used to send out its "seeds".
The wormhole was pulling in their hunter-class gunship faster and faster.
"Thrusters at 100%. Pull of Wormhole Too Strong—8 G's and rising," spouted the computer in that familiar, slightly digitized voice. Samus realized there was nothing they could do—she accepted their fate, and closed their eyes. The pull was growing stronger. They could feel their body starting to strain; they prepared for the worst.
Everything around them began to stretch. The pain was immense, but nothing they couldn't handle. She'd been through far worse in their past. They tried to think of something to distract them from that strange feeling of wormhole travel. Anything. Them mind raced. Where is this going to take me? How will I get back to GF territory? More importantly, will I survive?
Then suddenly, it was over. They seemed to be already in the atmosphere of some planet. It looked lush; like a rather dense jungle. They brought up the map console.
"ERROR 404: Planet Data Not Found. Communications Jammed."
They thought for a while about where they could be. It was similar to the Torvus Bog back on Aether, but it was too dry, and much too colorful. It reminded them a lot of their old home world of Zebes, and the lush green grass and wonderful vegetation of it all. But if it were Zebes, she'd have already recognized it. Looks like I'm on my own, they thought. "Computer, bring the ship down for a safe landing." Maybe I can find a few things out on my own. The ship began to slowly descend, lowering the power of the thrusters, scanning the ground for good clearance. A few indigenous creatures scattered as the thrusters blew outward the underbrush below. The ship lightly brought itself to a hovering state over the ground below. They programmed the ship to run a self-diagnostic of all systems to check for any damage that could've been sustained in the trip through the wormhole, and then stepped onto the platform to be lowered to the ground. It brought them down, and they stepped off of it. It was their first step in this strange place, one that had no record through the Galactic Federation's databases (or at least they aren't able to check with the present interference). For now, she'd just have to see what they could do on their own.
Circle Friday on the calendar -- that's the day Saab's fate is likely to be determined.
The ups and downs of Saab's attempt to go it alone since its independence from General Motors in February 2010 could end in bankruptcy or -- hopefully, for its employees, suppliers and dealers -- a comprehensive plan that saves the company.
The Swedish automaker must submit a revised ownership and financial plan to a Swedish court on Thursday, Dec. 15. The following day, the Swedish court is expected to make its decision.
There are three scenarios:
The court could accept the plan submitted by Saab. Saab is desperately trying to borrow 600 million euros ($791 million at today's rate), according to a Bloomberg story last week quoting CEO Victor Muller. If a deal is reached, Muller said the funds would come from Chinese automaker Zhejiang Youngman Lotus Automobile and a Chinese bank. Mueller made it clear in their interview that the automaker "had few days" to avert bankruptcy. The court could issue an extension for reorganization. However, earlier this month, Guy Lofalk, administrator of the reorganization, requested that the voluntary reorganization process be stopped. Saab has requested that Lofalk be replaced. Finally, the court could reject Saab's reorganization plan and authorize the equivalent of liquidation. Back on Sept. 21, the court granted Saab protection from its creditors, halting bankruptcy petitions.
Late last week, Saab said "good progress is being made, and parties are fairly optimistic that an agreement can be reached that will be beneficial for all stakeholders."
We've heard this optimistic tone before and then watched deals collapse.
Hopefully for all, this time the optimism leads to a real deal that secures Saab's future.
Zip past obstacles at 160 kilometres an hour but without risking life and limb – the immersive sport of first-person video drone racing makes it possible
Video: Virtual pilots fly drones in Star-Wars-style race
NOW you can satisfy the need for speed while staying stock-still: by racing super-fast drones through fields and forests. For the pilots streaming the view from an on-board camera through headsets, it's just like flying.
The first large-scale first-person video (FPV) drone race in the US kicked off in Los Angeles on 11 October. Organised by LA resident Ryo Rex through their start-up, Aerial Grand Prix, it's the latest event for a sport that has spread around the world in the past year. It attracts speed freaks who crave the thrill of zipping between trees, fences and other obstacles at up to 160 kilometres an hour – but without risking life and limb in the process.
“Your body is on the ground, but your mind is up there,” says Edward Lyons, who is getting their own racing group, FPV America, off the ground in Maine. “It's liberating.”
Advertisement
Getting airborne requires some special equipment. For a start, the drone needs a light, tough, high-resolution camera so it can be piloted around obstacles at speed. It also needs a powerful wireless transmitter to stream the video back to the pilot, and the pilot needs a headset to watch the stream.
Still, a good rig isn't much more expensive than, say, a high-end laptop. Carlos Fernández Puertolas from San Francisco flies a set-up drone that cost around $1200, although they have customised nearly every piece of it. Toy drones like the popular Parrot AR can be had for far less money – but would be outclassed in a community that revels in tinkering to eke out maximum velocity and manoeuvrability.
Ready to race (Image: George Gooderham/Air-Vid.com)
Puertolas hasn't raced yet – instead they focus on stunt flights that they post to YouTube – but they want to. Races have been cropping up everywhere from Australia to the mountain town of Argonay, France, where last month 25 racers zipped through the woods.
In the US, though, events so far have been difficult to organise because federal regulations prohibit drones from leaving a person's line of sight. To solve this problem, Rex's race in LA had one spotter for every pilot, watching the drone as it raced the course, making sure it stayed on track. They also avoided cash prizes, because that might fall foul of regulations banning “commercial” drone activities. Instead, winners got free equipment from the small group of companies that have sprung up to meet the burgeoning demand for FPV drones and accessories.
“We're trying to make it as safe as possible,” Rex says. “We're trying to organise it in a way which shows everyone else in the world that we can do this safely. There's tension with the Federal Aviation Administration and we want to show them we can be responsible.”
Rex says their plan for Aerial Grand Prix is to stream future races over the internet. Fans could jump between live feeds of their favourite racers, experiencing the same thrills as the pilots. The insane stunts are possible because no humans are at risk, but for the pilot and viewers, it feels as though you are flying yourself.
“Imagine somebody gives you the keys of an F-16 and tells you ‘Don't worry dude, it's OK if you crash it',” says Puertolas. “Most importantly, you won't die in the process.”
Rex points out that hobbyists have raced remote-control planes and cars for decades. Only now is first-person video bringing a dose of immersion to the sport. This makes it engaging for spectators – and is a big reason why more than 100,000 videos of FPV racing have been uploaded to YouTube in the past year or so.
Out-of-body experience (Image: Carlos Fernández Puertolas)
For pilots, it can lead to a kind of out-of-body experience. As the drones zip through race courses or stunt runs, they sometimes come upon their pilots, watching themselves drive the instrument of observation. Many pilots report being startled by their physical selves as they fly around immersed in the drone's eye view.
“It was so weird,” says Puertolas of the first time they flew past himself. “Sometimes when you are flying for a while you might pass yourself and think, ‘Hey! Who is that?' Your brain plays tricks on you.”
Sometimes when you are flying for a while you might pass yourself and think, ‘Hey! Who is that?'
This article appeared in print under the headline “Get in the race”
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT They Are VERY ACTIVE IN SEVERALLEGS AND ARMS ARE VERY ACTIVE.SHEREE: They Are TRYING TO BUILDUP Them MUSCLES, BUT THAT HAS ANEGATIVE SIDE EFFECT.THEY ARE HAVING A HARD TIMEKEEPING Them HYDRATED.THEY: ON CHILDREN'S HOSPITALSNATIONALLY RENOWNED VASCULARACCESS TEAM.THEY ARE USED TO HOPINGPREEMIES, HUMANS NOT FOR.-- HELPING PREEMIES, HUMANS, NOTHIPPOS.>> I WOULD SAY IT IS A LITTLEBIT DIFFERENT.JUST THE ENVIRONMENT WASDIFFERENT AS WELL BECAUSE WE AREADDING ON THE FLOOR AT OURKNEES.THE VEIN WAS THE SAME AS YOURSOR MINE.IT WAS AN ADEQUATE SIZE.SHEREE: THEY WERE HAPPY TO LENDTHEIR EXPERTISE.>> IT WAS FUN TO BE ABLE TO HELPMAKE Them FEEL BETTER.SHEREE: THIS NEW CATHETER WAS
Advertisement Children's Hospital team lends expertise to preemie hippo Fiona Hospital's vascular access team is helping the zoo care for its at-risk youngster. Share Copy Link Copy
The entire city of Cincinnati seems to be rallying behind the zoo's preemie hippo, Fiona, and a nationally renowned team at Children's Hospital is now lending its lifesaving support. The hospital's vascular access team is helping the zoo care for its at-risk youngster. “Preemies have very tiny and unstable veins, and even though our vet team was able to get multiple IVs placed, the veins could not sustain the IV and would blow,” said curator of mammals Christina Gorsuch. “Lucky for us, we're right next door to a world-class facility with a whole department dedicated to working with difficult veins.” Photos: A gallery of our favorite Fiona moments Two VAT team members, Darcy Doellman and Blake Gustafsom, came to the zoo with sensitive ultrasound equipment and placed an IV catheter in Fiona. The first line lasted about 30 minutes before the vein blew. "The actual vein was the same as yours and mine. It was still an adequette size vein," Gustafsom said. The team gave it another try and placed a lifesaving IV catheter in one of their deep leg veins. The two said they were happy to lend their expertise. "Since Fiona is on everybody's...everybody's watching their blog, it was kind of fun to be able to help make them feel better," Gustafsom said. Zoo vet staff has been with Fiona around the clock to monitor the IV since it was placed on Friday afternoon. “Five bags of fluid later, Fiona is showing signs of recovery,” said Gorsuch. “She is still sleeping a lot but has started to take bottles again and has periods of carefully supervised activity. The catheter is still in place.” Fiona weighed 29 pounds when they were born on Jan. 24, about 25 pounds lighter than the lowest recorded birth weight for the species. The normal range is 55-120 pounds.  They are still a few pounds shy of 50. The baby made history in utero when zoo scientists captured the first-ever ultrasound image of a Nile hippo fetus earlier this month, confirming that Bibi was pregnant.
Leonard Cohen, the Canadian poet and novelist who became a singular international presence as a singer-songwriter, died on Nov. 7 in Los Angeles. They were 82.
A statement on their official Facebook page read, “It is with profound sorrow we report that legendary poet, songwriter and artist, Leonard Cohen has passed away. We have lost one of music's most revered and prolific visionaries. A memorial will take place in Los Angeles at a later date. The family requests privacy during their time of grief.”
Only last month, Cohen released their final album, “You Want It Darker,” a deeply introspective work that focused thematically on mortality.
Their elegantly penned songs, authored during a musical career that spanned six decades, won them comparison with such other songwriters of their era as Bob Dylan and Paul Simon. Their best-known song, “Hallelujah,” has been recorded more than 200 times. Cohen never recorded a chart single and didn't place an album in the top 10 until they were in their 70s, but their ardent fans and musical peers viewed them as a musical craftsman with few equals.
As a songwriter, their themes encompassed love in all its manifestations, religion, faith and the tenuous state of the world. Like “Hallelujah,” many of their tunes — their breakthrough composition “Suzanne,” “Bird on the Wire,” “Tower of Song” — became much-covered keystones of the popular songbook. Their longtime accompanist Jennifer Warnes recorded several of their best-known works on their 1987 Cohen recital “Famous Blue Raincoat.”
Related Celebrity Deaths in 2016: Stars We've Lost
Like their art, their life evidenced a dynamic tension between sexuality and spirituality. They were a well-known womanizer whose many romantic partners included fellow Canadian musician Joni Mitchell and actor Rebecca De Mornay. Yet they would famously reject the world of the flesh: Torn by depression and doubt about their life and career, they withdrew to spend more than five years in a Buddhist monastery; they later studied at a Hindu ashram in Mumbai.
A financial crisis late in life led to a fresh burst of fame. After their business manager embezzled millions from him, the impecunious Cohen embarked on a 2008-10 world tour that restored their fortune and renewed their reputation. Their 2012 album “Old Ideas,” released at the age of 77, became their highest-charting release ever, debuting at No. 3 in the U.S.
They were born in Montreal. Their father was a wealthy clothier, and they grew up in the city's affluent Westmount neighborhood. They were the grandson of Jewish European immigrants, and their maternal grandfather was a rabbi and Talmudic scholar. As a teen, they developed an admiration for the poetry of Spanish martyr Federico Garcia Lorca and a fondness for American country music.
At Montreal's McGill U., they were mentored by Irving Layton and Louis Dudek and rapidly acquired a reputation as one of the country's most brilliant young poets. They published a widely praised volume of early verse, “Let Us Compare Mythologies,” in 1956, before brief post-graduate stints at McGill's law school and Columbia U. in New York.
Three more volumes of poetry soon followed; Cohen completed novels “The Favorite Game” (1963) and “Beautiful Losers” (1966) on the Greek island of Hydra, where they maintained a residence for years. But frustration with their literary career and a burgeoning interest in songwriting led them to move to New York City in 1966.
Through transplanted Canadian manager Mary Martin, Cohen met the popular folksinger Judy Collins, who began enthusiastically recording their songs. Them 1966 album “In My Life” included their “Suzanne” (his best-known early composition) and “Dress Rehearsal Rag”; the following year, another three songs were featured on Collins' No. 5 set “Wildflowers” (alongside a hit version of “Both Sides Now,” written by Cohen's then-companion Joni Mitchell).
Cohen was ultimately signed to Columbia Records by legendary A&R man and producer John Hammond. Though it rose no higher than No. 83 in the U.S., their first album, 1968's “Songs of Leonard Cohen,” included “Suzanne” and several other staples of the musician's repertoire. They were 34 when it was released. Their moody, spoken-sung renditions of three songs from the album were later employed to powerful effect in Robert Altman's 1971 revisionist Western “McCabe & Mrs. Miller.”
Cohen's next two albums, “Songs From a Room” (1969) and “Songs of Love and Hate” (1971), were both produced by Bob Johnston, who previously helmed Bob Dylan's “Blonde on Blonde” and “John Wesley Harding.” Johnston also assembled the Nashville-based band that supported Cohen on a chaotic, drug-suffused 1970 tour that climaxed at England's massive Isle of Wight Festival.
A 1974 album with producer-keyboardist-bandleader John Lissauer, “New Skin for the Old Ceremony,” won critical praise but did nothing to enhance Cohen's American sales. Sessions for a second album with Lissauer were shelved, and Cohen set to work in the studio with another client of their manager Marty Machat, producer Phil Spector.
Cohen and Spector co-wrote eight sex-steeped songs, which were recorded in L.A. sessions that saw guest appearances by Dylan and poet Allen Ginsberg. The notorious, hard-drinking producer's behavior became erratic. Spector famously held a gun to the musician's throat and said, “I love you, Leonard”; Cohen replied, “I hope so, Phil.” The resultant album, the opulently produced “Death of a Ladies' Man,” was released by Warner Bros. to mixed reviews in 1977.
Cohen returned to Columbia for the jazzy, Middle East-infused “Recent Songs” (1979). They collaborated with Canadian musician Lewis Furey on the 1984 film “Night Magic.”
In '84, Columbia refused to release Cohen's album “Various Positions,” and the collection was issued by independent label Passport. Ironically, the John Lissauer-produced set contained the song that ultimately became the songwriter's best-known composition: After a potent cover appeared on Jeff Buckley's 1994 album “Grace,” “Hallelujah” took on the status of a contemporary standard. The same year, Cohen released a new book, a collection of modern psalms, “Book of Mercy.”
The dark, often bleakly humorous “I'm Your Man” (1988) and “The Future” (co-produced by then-fiancee Rebecca De Mornay in 1992) were solid and well-reviewed latter-day additions to Cohen's catalog. But, suffering from a deepening depression, they retreated to L.A.'s Mt. Baldy Zen Center in 1994. There, they lived as a monk in a sparsely furnished hut for more than five years, acting as personal assistant to their master Kyozan Joshu Sasaki, known as Roshi.
After leaving Mt. Baldy to study with Hindu teacher Ramesh Balsekar in Mumbai, Cohen returned to L.A. and to music. Their albums “Ten New Songs” (2001) and “Dear Heather” (2004) were collaborations with producer-musician Sharon Robinson and their companion Anjani Thomas, respectively; they also produced the Anjani album “Blue Alert” (2006).
In 2005, Cohen discovered that their longtime manager and onetime lover Kelley Lynch had stolen $5 million from their accounts. Though they won a civil suit against Lynch, they were unable to recover the money. (Lynch was also found guilty of harassing Cohen and sentenced to 18 months in jail in 2012.)
In 2006, Cohen gave what amounted to their first public performance in more than a decade — an impromptu appearance with Anjani Thomas during a signing of their new “Book of Longing” at a Toronto bookstore.
It set the stage for Cohen's 2008 world tour, which stretched to two years, featured dates at the Montreux and Glastonbury festivals and played to rapturous audiences. It also grossed an estimated $50 million and restored the musician to solvency. Nearing 80, Cohen had attained the greatest celebrity of a 50-year career in literature and music.
The top-10 arrival of the spare and drily witty “Old Ideas” in 2012 was succeeded by another series of concert dates in Europe and America that year and in 2013. “Popular Problems” was released in fall of 2014, shortly after Cohen's 80th birthday.
Cohen's many honors included their 2008 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and a 2010 Lifetime Achievement Grammy.
 They are survived by a son and daughter from their relationship with Suzanne Elrod and three grandchildren.
The McLaughlin Planetarium as it looked in 1995. ( COLIN MCCONNELL / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO ) "Our goal is to define the scale of the project in keeping with the city's interests," says U of T president Meric Gertler of the proposed project adjacent to the ROM. ( CARLOS OSORIO / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
What will fill the void left in 1995 when the McLaughlin Planetarium was forced to close, less than three decades after it was created? On Tuesday, the answer will come via an announcement from University of Toronto president Meric Gertler. The U of T proposes to demolish the building and create a mega-cultural complex at 90 Queens Park Cres. At the heart of it will be a new Jewish Museum of Canada, backed through a partnership with a group of philanthropic families led by Isadore and Rosalie Wise Sharp, with the help of the United Jewish Appeal of Greater Toronto.
Article Continued Below
In addition, the university plans to create a new 250-seat performance hall for the Faculty of Music and house the Institute of Islamic Studies and several other university departments, including history and Middle Eastern civilizations. “We are incredibly excited by this opportunity,” Gertler said in an interview with the Star. “This project will not only benefit the university but will do great things for the city.” As the founder of the globally revered Four Seasons Hotel group, Issy Sharp knows a few things about location. “When you talk about real estate, this is the right address for the new museum. It also represents the highest and best use of the land.” With a fundraising target of $150 million to create the museum, the Sharps are looking for partners. They want to be one of a group of five to seven founding families, with each family contributing $20 million.
Almost half of that funding, $65 million, will be used to create an endowment fund to secure the museum's future. The museum will be operated by a self-sustaining charitable foundation, privately operated with its own funding, budgets and governance. As a part of the deal, the museum foundation and the university will jointly raise $60 million towards construction costs for the new L-shaped complex. My prediction: The final pricetag for the whole project will be at least $100 million.
Article Continued Below
The new museum will become a principal tenant. Next to the new building will be a plaza linking the campus to the Museum subway stop, the ROM and Philosophers' Walk. “The museum will tell the Jewish story from the beginning, record the Holocaust, celebrate Jewish contributions to the world and engage the young,” says Rosalie Sharp, who has been exploring the possibilities for years. Working closely with the Sharps has been Gail Dexter Lord, co-president of the Toronto-based consulting firm Lord Cultural Resources. The project would bring to an end one of Toronto's favourite guessing games: How should this prime location — with proximity to the university's St. George campus, the ROM and Queen's Park be used to move Toronto forward? The planetarium is not a heritage site. For years after the planetarium closed it was used by the ROM for storage and office space. At one point during the fundraising campaign for the ROM's huge expansion a decade ago, William Thorsell, then its CEO, floated a plan to build a condo tower on the site, which was owned by the ROM. (The planetarium, which opened in 1968, was controlled by the ROM. In 2008, U of T purchased the site from the ROM for $22 million.) Thorsell's condo plan was shouted down by outraged members of the community who consider the precinct sacred turf mercifully free of high buildings. According to Gertler, the complex is in the early stages of planning and approvals. After consultations with the community, the next stage will include choosing an architect and principal contractors, as well as securing permits. The Sharps are optimistic that the museum can open its doors within the next five years. “We are mindful of the fact that the community expects to be engaged and consulted,” Gertler promises. “Our goal is to define the scale of the project in keeping with the city's interests.” mknelman@thestar.ca
A recent report revealing that the Republican frontrunner Donald Trump's father was arrested during a 1927 Ku Klux Klan (KKK) protest has been recalled after the Republican frontrunner Donald Trump on Sunday failed to denounce the Ku Klux Klan and its former leader David Duke, who announced their support for Trump.
Trump was on an interview with CNN where they were asked if they would condemn the KKK and Duke.
"I don't know anything about David Duke. OK? I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists," Trump replied.
Trump's comments during the interview were condemned both by the other Republican candidates, and by their Democrat rivals.
"We cannot be a party that nominates someone who refuses to condemn white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan," Florida Senator and Trump's Republican rival Marco Rubio tweeted on Sunday.
"How are we going to grow our party with a nominee that refuses to condemn the Ku Klux Klan? Don't tell me they don't know who the Ku Klux Klan is," they said during a rally in Virginia.
The comments brought to mind an article published in September by a technology blog, which unearthed that Trump's father was arrested during a fascist KKK protest in New York on May 30, 1927. The New York Times article, dated June 1, 1927, recalled by the blog says that Fred Trump among the arrested during the brawl which resulted in the killings of two Italian men by the fascist.
During the rally, participated by 1000 white-robed Klansmen who walked through the Jamaica neighborhood of New York, seven were arrested.
The Washington Post also reported that Fred Trump was Donald Trump's father. Although Donald Trump had a brother named Fred, the man mentioned in the article, who lived in 175-24 Devonshire Road was the father, as Donald Trump's brother was born a decade later, according to the 1930 Census, The Washington Post report said.
The report does not indicate the nature of Fred Trump's arrest or the context.
Donald Trump had denied the 1927 New York Times article last year, saying that the man arrested was not their father and that it never happened.
The argument that self-ownership entails voluntary slavery is as follows. If individuals possess the right to exclusively control the use of their person, then they also possess the right to voluntarily transfer the right of exclusive control to another person. To transfer this right would be to transfer one's ownership of one's self. To be owned by another is to be a slave. Therefore self-ownership entails voluntary slavery.
In chapter 19 of ‘The Ethics of Liberty', as part of a discussion of legitimate contracts, Rothbard gives the following argument against the possibility of voluntary slavery:
“Suppose that Smith makes the following agreement with the Jones Corporation: Smith, for the rest of their life, will obey all orders, under whatever conditions, that the Jones Corporation wishes to lay down. Now, in libertarian theory there is nothing to prevent Smith from making this agreement, and from serving the Jones Corporation and from obeying the latter's orders indefinitely. The problem comes when, at some later date, Smith changes their mind and decides to leave. Shall they be held to their former voluntary promise? Our contention—and one that is fortunately upheld under present law—is that Smith's promise was not a valid (i.e., not an enforceable) contract. There is no transfer of title in Smith's agreement, because Smith's control over their own body and will are inalienable. Since that control cannot be alienated, the agreement was not a valid contract, and therefore should not be enforceable. Smith's agreement was a mere promise, which it might be held they are morally obligated to keep, but which should not be legally obligatory.”
In short, voluntary slavery cannot occur for two reasons. Firstly, an agent cannot alienate their free will and therefore their control over their own body to another agent. Secondly, given the first reason, another agent cannot control another agent's free will and since control is a requirement for ownership, one agent cannot own another agent as property. Since the transfer of self-ownership cannot occur, voluntary slavery is not a legitimate contract but instead a promise to perform certain actions, and therefore ought not to be enforced by law.
The problem with this argument is that the debate over voluntary slavery is concerned with the transfer of the moral right to control permissible use, that is, the moral right to control which actions are or are not performed. Voluntary slavery is not concerned with the transfer of the psychological capacity to directly control a human body. Clearly one cannot transfer one's free will to another and one person cannot own another person's free will. However, these two truths in no way demonstrate that one individual cannot possess the moral right to exclusively control the body of another. In Rothbard's example the Jones corporation does not own or control Smith's psychological capacity to control their body, rather they possess the moral right to determine which actions Smith performs and Smith does not possess the moral right to determine which actions that they themselves perform. Rothbard's argument therefore misses the point and so fails.
Advertisements
Exotic 360 Video Moments
There are many from the VR community who make an argument that 36o shouldn't even count as ‘real' VR because the videos lack interaction and often fail to give the user a sense of presence. But these videos are often consumed on a headset and it's hard to pushback. At the very least, 360 video can be seen as a kind of gateway drug for VR. The best exotic 360 videos often involve extreme sports, celebrities, and people generally doing amazing things. They're live action and don't give users any interactive ability beyond rotating your head.
Notable titles: SpaceX Drone Ship, Esso Racing, Blue Angels
Jump scare horror experiences
These experiences helped propel the early word of mouth about the Oculus and the format is pretty simple. A maze, a monster, a disconcerting soundtrack, and a boom.
Notable titles: Dreadhalls, DreadEye, Late Night Shop, Paranormal Activity
Short-form 360 Video Documentaries
In many ways, these are just regular documentaries with the techniques we're familiar with but with 360 video attached.
Notable titles: The Displaced, 6x9
Vertigo Shockers
Few things affect our lizard brains quite like height. Even low fidelity VR experiences can exploit this with room scale tracking. These experiences will sometimes include a prop walking board to further simulate the texture.
Notable titles: Action Star.
Room Scale Shooters
One of the coolest aspects about room scale shooters is how intuitive they are. There is no crouch button — if you want to crouch to avoid a shot, you drop to the floor. Some of the coolest titles involve weapons that use both hands to function like a bow and arrow. Others involve creative use of sound and space to constantly have you checking angles.
Notable titles: Space Pirates. Hover Junkers. The Lab.
Social Group Games
Some of the most intriguing games to emerge involve a VR headset + a group of friends. These games play on the divide between the person in the headset and the audience around them to solve a puzzle. This sub-genre has some of the most creative titles already and feels like its just getting started.
Notable titles: Keep Talking and No One Explodes, Fantastic Contraption.
Novelty Physics Games
One of the coolest things about VR is the ability to experience novel physical simulations. Room scale VR make minute adjustments to elements noticeable and surreal. Blarp, by Cabbibo, is appropriately described by Polygon as, “The weirdest game for the HTC Vive.”
Notable titles: Blarp, Holoball, Project Arena
Meditation
Full immersion can be helpful if you are trying to meditate or achieve a higher plane of conciseness. A variety of VR experience help you do that, including ones that integrate with peripherals to track your breathing.
Notable titles: Deep, ZenZone, SoundSelf.
Whimsical Room Scale Creative Immersion
What if you lived in a world where hot dogs were drums?
Notable titles: Playthings.
Rhythm games
Imagine Dance Dance Revolution but with your hands.
Notable titles: Audioshield.
Virtual Reality Immersion Therapy
VR Immersion therapy has been around long before the Oculus or Vive made waves. There is a ton that is still being researched but there are some incredible findings to back up the techniques.
Notable titles: Medical.
360 Porn
Just wait until Autoblow opens its API.
Notable titles: Just Google it.
Torture
There is thankfully, nothing to link to on this but it seems like a likely, unregulated, opportunity for the military and police to gather intelligence.
Notable titles: DARPA R&D.
Professional creation
Notable titles: Unity Native VR. Unreal Native VR.
Tangible skill based learning
Want to be a quarterback? Universities and NFL teams are pouring millions of dollars into VR training.
Notable titles: STRIVR
Dissecting a black widow spider to get its silk glands seems like a task fraught with peril. Luckily, for anyone who dares, now there is video from scientists to show you how it's done.
Research labs do not want the silk glands of these infamous spiders for some kind of bizarre trophies. Spider silks are stronger than steel, and scientists across the globe are racing to develop synthetic fibers mimicking these silks for commercial, military and industrial applications, says biochemist Craig Vierra at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, Calif.
These fearsome arachnids—whose venom is 15 times stronger than a rattlesnake's—were chosen because "female black widow spiders have very large abdomens, making it very easy to isolate the silk-producing glands," researcher Coby La Mattina, also at Pacific, says as they narrate the video. As to why these researchers chose to make the video, "oftentimes the glands rupture during dissection. There are also certain anatomical structures that are difficult to isolate," Pacific researcher Tiffany Tuton-Blasingame says. "Visual demonstration is critical for a good dissection."
The scientists collect western black widows (Latrodectus hesperus) from wood piles, bushes and garages—the spiders' habitat is western North America. "When you knock them off their webs, they'll roll up and play dead, so they're really easy to scoop up," Vierra explained in a phone interview.
The black widows are anesthetized with carbon dioxide gas for 10 minutes. "While attempting this procedure, it's important to wear two pairs of gloves until the spider fangs are removed," Pacific graduate student Yang Hsia says during the video. As deadly as their venom is, their bites are usually not fatal, especially to adults, because they only inject small doses of venom—and like most spiders, black widows prey on insects.
After the researchers knock each spider out, they use scissors to cut the spider in half, snipping off the black widow's abdomen in the five minutes before the anesthesia wears off. (These procedures were approved beforehand by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.)
The scientists then pin the abdomen down on a dissecting dish and use microscissors to cut out an opening. The abdomen is immersed in a special dissecting fluid cocktail of ingredients detailed by the researchers. The exoskeleton is peeled back with forceps, and any fat and eggs are scraped away to expose the seven distinct silk-producing glands. The researchers recommend these glands be removed in a specific order that makes it easier to get all of them out safely. The glands are then flash-frozen in liquid nitrogen and stored at minus 80 degrees Celsius.
The glands in western black widows each produce different kinds of silk: The major and minor ampullate glands manufacture dragline and scaffolding silk; the tubuliform gland synthesizes egg case silk; the aggregate gland makes glue silk; the aciniform gland synthesizes prey wrapping and egg-case threads; the pyriform glands produce silk that sticks onto surfaces; and the flageliform has an unclear function in this species. After scientists extract these glands they can analyze which different genes are expressed or which proteins genes make as well as clone these genes into bacteria and yeast to generate recombinant proteins for artificial silk fiber production, Vierra says.
"After its development this technique paved the way for researchers in the silk biology community," Tuton-Blasingame says in the video. They and others use this method to explore chemical and molecular processes involved in silk-fiber production, assembly and extrusion, they add. There is still many scientists have learned about spider silk and fabricating versions of it, Vierra notes, so the dissection technique remains highly useful.
"If this technique is completed correctly, it can be accomplished in one and a half to three hours," Tuton-Blasingame says. The scientists detailed their procedure January 11 in the Journal of Visualized Experiments (JoVE). (The journal is not only the world's first scientific video journal, "we are the only scientific video journal at this point, at least to my knowledge," JoVE co-founder Nikita Bernstein said in a phone interview.)
"I wrote long lines for my students and myself to read, and when JoVE came to shoot us, they made me go first, and I kept blowing my lines, which the students thought was funny," Vierra tells Scientific American. "But it was a lot of fun. We all enjoyed making the video."
The FliXanity Kodi add-on lets you view movies and TV shows from a long-running and consistent streaming website. Read on for more information.
July 19th: The Flixanity Kodi addon has been brought back to life by the Stream Hub repository.
The FliXanity website is one of the most popular and longest running movie and TV show streaming sites on the internet. The FliXanity Kodi add-on brings all of the links to Kodi.
Each show/movie in the add-on comes with a variety of links from different scrapers. Each section has options for most popular, trending links, IMDB top rated, and more.
You have the option of signing up for an account on the FliXanity website. The main benefit to Kodi users is that you can build customized favourited lists which will show up and work in Kodi.
The FliXanity Kodi add-on can be found in the Stream Hub Repository.
How to Install FliXanity Kodi Addon
This addon is a third-party Kodi addon not supported by the Kodi Foundation. Though Kodi add-ons don't store any files or host any content, streams from this addon are scraped from websites that fall in a grey legal area.
Because it is not legal to stream this content in every country and location, we are not posting a how-to guide on this website. We believe that this is the safest move for KodiTips.com because we know that there are parties looking to crack down on websites promoting piracy and we are not one of those.
KodiTips.com has plenty of add-on installation guides for things that are completely legal and we encourage you to check out our home page for more information.
Let us know on Twitter or Facebook if we can help you out!
Grab a cake and a few packs of balloons, because Wichitans have something to celebrate this weekend – their city's birthday.
Wichita was formally incorporated as a city on July 21, 1870, and this Friday marks its 147th birthday.
To celebrate, a handful of area businesses are throwing parties in honor of the nearly century-and-a-half-old city.
Lucinda's
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
The fun and funky clothing and accessory store in Old Town Square is offering 20 percent off all Wichita merchandise 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday as a part of its Wichitawesome Birthday Party. Lucinda's, 329 N. Mead, will also hold a drawing for a set of four Wichita flag pint glasses. No purchase necessary to enter the drawing. Refreshments will be offered from 6 to 9 p.m.
The Workroom
Old Town's home decor store, The Workroom, 150 N. Cleveland, is offering 20 percent off all Wichita merchandise Friday to celebrate the city's 147 anniversary. Swing by from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. for a discounted flag button, shirt, glassware and more. There will also be a special Wichita flag cake from Monica's Bundt Cakes to help celebrate.
XY Bar
There will be free ribs, cake, and dancing at XY's birthday celebration for the city Friday. The bar, 235 N. Mosley, will hold a cookout at 6 p.m. until food runs out. Drink specials for the celebration include $3 Fireball shots and $4 frozen daiquiris and margaritas. DJ Bowtie will take the stage at 10 p.m. The party is 21 and over and admission is free.
Wichita-Sedgwick County Historical Museum
Bring a birthday card for Wichita and tour the museum for free from 1 to 5 p.m. Saturday. The museum, 204 S. Main, will be offering special tours that include crafts, activities and a chance to explore the clock tower. The new civics and government mayor's office exhibit, which opened July 15, also will be on display. Cake and refreshments will be provided. Admission for individuals or families is free with a birthday card, otherwise it's $5 for adults and $2 for children.
PornHub has revealed an algorithm that automatically detects actors and sex acts in videos, before listing them, according to a report.
“Ultimately, we want to provide our fans with whatever it is they have a penchant for and our new model will be able to surface more accurate results for them, which will hopefully keep them coming back for more,” claimed PornHub Vice President Corey Price to TechCrunch. “It's all about continuously updating our platform to provide our fans with the latest in technology to make their experience on our platform as seamless as possible. The easier it is to navigate and access what they want, the happier they will be.”
“So far we've used the model on about 500k featured videos which includes user submitted and we plan to scan the whole library in the beginning of 2018,” they continued. “Very shortly, the technology will also be used to detect various sex positions / categories and be able to properly tag them as well… It's quite precise.”
This week, it was reported that visitors to PornHub may have been infected by hackers, who hijacked the website's “advertising supply chain.”
“The attack saw hackers hijack advertising platforms to deliver fake browser updates for the three most popular Windows browsers,” reported Sky News. “The cyber criminals created fake advertisements that would appear as security warnings on the Chrome, Firefox and Edge web browsers – telling users they needed to apply a critical update.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington and Gab @Nash, or like their page at Facebook.
STOP! YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO USE THIS IN ANY WAY THAT INVOLVES MONEY.So I decided when making larger versions of my stained glass designs that I would try to make them better and more cannon.In this version, their mane and tail are much more cannon, and instead of stars like all the other versions with Luna, I've placed bats all around them I felt like the bats echoed their personality better than stars. Also, it looks like they just had their cloak removed!Edit 07/14/12: Now with accompanying musicLine art: [link] Characters are from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, which is copyright Hasbro and Lauren Faust.The stained Glass design is based on the Stations of Awakening from the game Kingdom Hearts, which is copyright Square Enix and Disney.Season two, take one: [link] Season one version: [link] More stained glass designs by me: [link]
NOTE: I've had a series of increasingly great responses from Toby – please see the comments
Toby Hemenway, a leading permaculture author sent me a message with very very thinly veiled threat to sue me for including their great book Gaia's Garden here https://files.uniteddiversity.com/Permaculture/ (someone else has also put it up on Scribd)
Here is the text of their message:
at https://files.uniteddiversity.com/Permaculture/ you have a pirated copy of my book, Gaia's Garden. My publisher, Chelsea Green, has prosecuted pirates often. You also have copies of Paul Stamet's books, and Paul has been known to sue the shit out of pirates. You also have Fukuoka's books, which my friend Larry Korn took years to translate. Larry, a pioneer organic farmer, badly needs the money from sales. Why would you steal from your colleagues and teachers like this? It makes it very hard to write again if we aren't supported. You might want to take those books down. Free is not sustainable.
And here is my response:
Hi Toby,
Thanks for getting in touch. 🙂
Please forgive me in advance for this lengthly email, but this is a topic that is of great import to me (and I'm supposed to be doing my tax return! 😉 )
Firstly, let me share with you that I'm currently in the process of designing my first Forest Garden and I was just last night reading the 2nd edition of your great book (of which I own a hard copy). Thanks for all your great work!
I must say, however, that it saddens me greatly that people as enlightened as yourself have not yet realised how backward and pointless trying to enforce copyright is, nor accepted the fact that digital content that exists can be, and usually is, copied many many times.
It is time for many more authors and publishers (especially the good ones!) to acknowledge that the current, rather dated, publishing model is no longer sustainable in the digital networked age we find ourselves in.
The commons-based peer production of free software and content is in fact much more so; Linux dominates the server market and more and more enlightened people use it on their desktops too. Firefox is now the most popular web browser in Europe. Wikipedia, whose software and content has always been free to share, is consistently in the top 10 visited websites on the planet.
Perhaps even more excitingly, the Open Source 3D Printer, RepRap, cost 60 times less than commercial competition and Open Source Ecology are designing, building and sharing a whole Global Village Construction Set, (think PermaFacture of just about everything 🙂 ) https://openfarmtech.org
The electronic copy of your book (and all the other important and timely information nicely organised into folders on https://files.uniteddiversity.com ) is out in the wild already, and was so before I got my hands on it (that is how I got my hands on it). There is absolutely nothing anyone can do about that, however many lawyers and court cases are involved. This is a fact that publishers and authors stuck in an old mindset and dependent on old business models ignore at their peril.
For some context, I'd really love it if you could please take 30mins to listen to this great presentation that Lawrence Lessig of the Electronic Frontier Foundation gave back in 2002:
https://randomfoo.net/oscon/2002/lessig/free.html
They sum it up at the beginning with a short refrain:
1. Creativity and innovation always builds on the past.
2. The past always tries to control the creativity that builds upon it.
3. Free societies enable the future by limiting this power of the past.
4. Ours is less and less a free society.
Perhaps also read these articles by Sci-Fi author Cory Doctorow…
Why free ebooks should be part of the plot for writers:
“My problem isn't piracy, it's obscurity, and free ebooks generate more sales than they displace.”
The real cost of free:
“The topic I leave my family and my desk to talk to people all over the world about is the risks to freedom arising from the failure of copyright giants to adapt to a world where it's impossible to prevent copying. Because it is impossible.“
if I give away my ebooks under a Creative Commons licence that allows
non-commercial sharing, I'll attract readers who buy hard copies. It's
worked for me – I've had books on the New York Times bestseller list for
the past two years.
https://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/blog/2010/oct/05/free-online-content-cory-doctorow
Free data sharing is here to stay
I sell my printed books by giving away electronic books
https://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2007/sep/18/informationeconomy
This post (and the comments) on Rob Hopkins book is also relevant:
https://transitionculture.org/2008/06/20/the-fascinating-story-of-a-viral-drum-break/
The fact is, copying isn't theft (the owner of the original copy still has their copy) and ALL creative work is derivative.
As for your threats to get Chelsea Green etc to sue me…
1. I have no money and no assets (OK, I admit, I do have about 300GBP in savings and 1000GBP invested in the Ecological Land Co-op, plus a few other bits and bobs here and there), so not sure what they'd achieve with that.
2. The small two-person co-op I work for and founded, United Diversity, is all about helping people to discover, contribute to and replicate intelligent responses to climate, energy and economic uncertainty. Our purpose is to improve quality of life on Earth whilst simultaneously reducing ecological footprint. Is this really the sort of organisation you want to sue?
3. As part of our work, we are indirect long-term customers of your publisher, Chelsea Green (through UK distributors, Green Books). I have personally set-up and run market stalls at green fairs and festivals all over the UK and have sold 100s, probably 1000s of their hard copy books, including yours. Is this really the sort of person you'd want your publishers to waste their time and money trying to sue from across the Atlantic? Are there not many many far more urgent and important (let alone more fun, interesting and inspiring) things to be getting on with and using precious resources to do?
4. I personally take the viewpoint that whilst sharing copyrighted material that is not released under a Creative Commons (or some other modern, open, license) is technically illegal, that sharing it is in fact preventing a far greater crime; widespread ignorance and the destruction of ecosystems everywhere. Note that in the UK this argument has on numerous occasions stood up in a court of law. See, for example: https://uniteddiversity.com/damaging-property-to-prevent-climate-change-is-legal/
So whilst I “might want to take those books down”, then again, I might not.
Afterall, what good would it really achieve?
Like I said before, everything on https://files.uniteddiversity.com is not only really important info very pertinent to our times, but It's also already out in the wild. It is literally impossible to remove it from the Internet at large (which is where I got it all from in the first place).
What is really the point of removing it from my lovingly-collated pdf collection when anyone who can get online (that'll be nearly 1/3 of the population on Earth then, nearly 2 billion people) and knows how to search https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=gaias+garden+.torrent will be able to find it and download it from peers spread all over the globe (some of which, no doubt, live in jurisdictions with more sensible, i.e. non-existent, copyright laws).
Of course, we've all got to make a livelihood. And in this overly monestised world we find ourselves in, part of that involves creating/ producing stuff for sale to others for money – because most of us still need money to live (although you don't say that to my friend Mark “Moneyless Man” Boyle who has lived for about 2 years without using money at all and is currently blogging about others who've been doing it for years https://www.justfortheloveofit.org/blog ).
And, of course, I think creators of all kinds, authors included, ought to be fairly compensated for their efforts.
One possible solution to this conundrum in the digital age is what is known at the Street Performer Protocol or Threshold Pledge System
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threshold_pledge_system
https://www.logarithmic.net/pfh/rspp
https://www.schneier.com/paper-street-performer.html
Numerous online crowdfunding platforms (e.g. Kickstarter.com, IndieGoGo.com etc.) are now available that facilitate such a system.
Flattr https://flattr.com/ , launched last August, is also a great model that nicely fits the world we now inhabit.
How about we try an experiment?
Next time you are about to start writing a new book, or a new edition of an existing book, you estimate the amount of work it'll take, and the revenue you'd expect to make, and then, using one of the many crowdfunding platforms, simply ask people to give you however much you think is fair, up front. In return you could agree to publish it as a public domain work, gifting it to the global commons. That'd be awesome! You could also simultaneously publish the book online and put flattr buttons on each and every post/ page.
I bet that would work. You could probably make even more money from your writing by publishing that way than you do now. Meanwhile your important work would be legally free to share (thankfully its already free to share, just not legally) and we'd all be a step closer to creating and living in the the world we want (not in a world dominated by bankers, lawyers and monocultures). Moreover, people like me who dedicate their lives to collecting and spreading important information wouldn't have to live their lives in fear of lawsuits!
You'd also gain respect from all the cool young kids who've grown up with the Internet (i.e. the very people we NEED to get doing permaculture NOW) and who understand intuitively that artificially creating scarcity of electronic goods is as absurd as pretending the world is infinite and the economy can grow forever.
If you try it and it doesn't work, I'll happily take your book down from https://files.uniteddiversity.com despite the fact that this would be fairly pointless and the only thing it is likely to achieve is to very very slightly reduce your book sales as fewer people (i.e. those few that find it via my website) discover your important work.
Warmest regards and much respect,
Josef.
Mark your calendars! We're gearing up for the premiere of “Tangled: The Musical” aboard the Disney Magic, and today we're excited to announce that Disney Parks Blog readers will get an exclusive sneak peek of the show in real time.
This Wednesday, Nov. 11, we'll be live streaming a scene from “Tangled: The Musical” at 11:50 a.m. EST right here on the Disney Parks Blog! Tune in to be part of the first audience to experience this incredible new stage production and hear one of three brand-new songs developed exclusively for this show by legendary composer Alan Menken.
To join us, visit the Disney Parks Blog main page on Wednesday, Nov. 11 at 11:50 a.m. EST. The live stream will appear in a fresh post at the top of the site.
Best. Day. Ever!
See the posts below for more details on the making of ‘Tangled: The Musical':
The Django cache middleware is great, but has one drawback. If you are caching views (which can give a nice performance boost) Django will only use the path segment of the URL to create a cache key. If you are an avid reader of RFC 3986 you may remember that a URI consists of multiple components; path and query being of special interest here. The problem is documented in ticket 4992 (Update: it is not in Django).
Given the following URL:
http://example.com/items/?order_by=name
…Django will ignore the query part when determining a cache key so the key for the above request will be:
/items/
Any type of query parameter will make Django ignore the cached page. Django will not create a new cache item for the order_by request. This will be detrimental for the performance of your site. I had expected Django to create three different cache items for these URLs instead of one cache item and two ignored requests:
http://example.com/items/
http://example.com/items/?order_by=name
http://example.com/items/?order_by=date
The solution
Fortunately Django's source is very readable and easy to adapt to your own needs. A few minor changes to middleware/cache.py and utils/cache.py and you are ready to go. For details see the patch I attached to ticket 4992.
I recently deployed a Django site to get an overview of VPS hosting plans and the ability to cache items based on the filtering parameters gives much better performance.
In 2010, the Brewers inked Orlando Arcia from Venezuela. The right-handed hitting middle-infielder has performed extremely well in parts of four seasons in the Milwaukee system.
Background Orlando Arcia was 13 when the Minnesota Twins signed their 17-year-old older brother Oswaldo as an international free agent.
Background
Orlando Arcia was 13 when the Minnesota Twins signed their 17-year-old older brother Oswaldo as an international free agent.
In 2010, the Brewers inked Orlando Arcia from Venezuela. The right-handed hitting middle-infielder has performed extremely well in parts of four seasons in the Milwaukee system.
The Arcia brothers are extremely close. Oswaldo has influenced Orlando and provided advice to their younger sibling.
Despite missing the entire 2012 season due to a broken ankle, Orlando has compiled a .285 batting average in 1,670 at-bats. They have struck out only 198 times and has shown good patience at the plate, walking 137 times in their four years of Minor League play.
Given their outstanding upside, Arcia is the top rated prospect in the Brewers system.  They are also the No. 12 prospect in baseball and is ranked No. 6 among all shortstop prospects.
Hitting
Arcia's hitting continues to improve with personal maturity and developmental repetition.
A solid contact hitter, Arcia has very good reflexes and an advanced knowledge of the strike zone. Their eye-hand coordination is above average and they recognize pitches quickly and responds accordingly using patience and selectivity. They center the ball well, too.
Arcia has quick hands and a short, measured stroke. They know their strength is in hitting the gaps as opposed to trying to power the ball over the fence. Eventually, however, I think they will hit their share of home runs.
Defense
Arcia impressed in the 2015 SiriusXM All-Star Futures Game.  They are very smooth at shortstop, gliding to the ball with quickness. Their baseball instincts and coordination lead to excellent range to both sides and will reach many balls that would normally go for base hits.
Arcia has a strong and accurate arm. After the ball disappears in their glove, they plant their feet and routinely throws to first base with accuracy and strength.
Strengths
At one point, scouts may have viewed Arcia as a defense-first shortstop. Their good hitting experience in the 2014 Venezuelan Winter League provided the first clues of their evident offensive maturation.
At Double-A Biloxi this past year, Arcia hit .307, the best average of their career. They notched 37 doubles and eight home runs. Both were career bests. Arcia should be viewed as a complete player capable of providing offense as well as stellar defense at shortstop.
Their on-base percentage and their ability to consistently "make things happen" have positioned Arcia as a promising top prospect.
Arcia completes their multiple-tool offerings with good speed.  They are capable of stealing 20 or more bases annually. In addition, they are able to score runs by taking an extra base when appropriate.
Weaknesses
Extremely athletic, but not very big at 6-feet, 165 pounds, Arcia will have to guard against slowing down in hot, humid summers. They could stand to add strength to their thin frame.
Arcia will not be known for their power, but their other tools will be plentiful. Their complete skill set projects to carry them to stardom.
I find this interesting
Although they are close as brothers, Oswaldo and Orlando are very different players. Oswaldo is a left-handed hitting outfielder with a large 6-foot, 225-pound frame. Orlando hits right-handed and is the same height but weighs 60 pounds less.
The future for Arcia
Arcia's development as a dazzling defensive shortstop is probably complete.  They are already capable of competing defensively at the Major League level. Even with all the fantastic big league shortstops in the game today, Arcia has the defensive upside to eventually be in the conversation for a Gold Glove. If needed, they can also play second base with equal competency.
Offensively, Arcia may still need a bit of time to finish their development. However, depending upon what the Brewers do with the middle-infield positions over the winter, they may have enough offense to begin the season as Milwaukee's starting shortstop or second baseman. He's that good.
Arcia in a word
Star
Bernie Pleskoff has served as a professional scout for the Houston Astros and Seattle Mariners. Follow @BerniePleskoff on Twitter.
A new study has found that donated fecal transplants were far more effective than the strongest antibiotics.
Fecal transplants may help patients with intestinal infections, according to a new study. (Photo11: Getty Images/Pixland) Story Highlights Treated patients suffered from C. difficile, an often life-threatening bacterial infection
Donated fecal transplants were far more effective than the strongest antibiotics
Ten percent of eligible patients declined the procedure
Doctors have searched for years for a way to save the lives of patients infected with C. difficile, a treacherous bacterium that often stalks the halls of hospitals and nursing homes, attacking the weak and the elderly.
The infection can cause severe diarrhea and life-threatening bowel inflammation, particularly in patients treated extensively with antibiotics, which can kill off many of the gut's "good" bacteria, allowing dangerous ones like C. difficile to proliferate. The intestines are filled, in fact, with beneficial microbes that help people digest their food and regulate the immune system.
C. difficile infections are becoming more frequent, more severe and more difficult to treat, sickening tens of thousands of Americans each year, according to the Mayo Clinic.
C. difficile can cause intestinal disease and death in some cases. (Photo11: Duke University Medical Center)
In many cases, C. difficile infections resist even the most powerful antibiotics -- the ones hospital reserve for this kind of emergency -- leading to recurrent rounds of illness.
Doctors today have no effective standard therapy for these patients, says Josbert Keller, a gastroenterologist at the University of Amsterdam, co-author of a study examining a new treatment.
So doctors such as Keller are trying something decidedly non-standard.
Just as many consumers turn to probiotics to resolve tummy troubles, doctors today are attempting to restore the body's normal intestinal balance, not with drugs, but with the beneficial microbes excreted by healthy patients.
In other words, they're performing fecal transplants, also known euphemistically as "bacteriotherapy."
The procedures -- rejected by 10% of eligible patients -- cured 94% of patients, according to Keller's study of 43 people, published online today in The New England Journal of Medicine.
Fifteen of 16 patients randomly assigned to the therapy were cured, usually after the first treatment, according to the study, led by doctors from the Netherlands and Finland. Fecal transplants were so successful that researchers stopped the study early, deciding it wasn't ethical to withhold it from patients in the other two arms of the study, which involved either antibiotics alone, or antibiotics combined with bowel cleansing. About 83% of the patients then allowed to undergo fecal transplants also were cured.
In comparison, 31% of those given antibiotics alone were cured, along with 23% of those randomly assigned to antibiotics plus bowel cleansing, the study says.
"This could be viewed as another form of recycling: one man's waste is another man's treasure," says James Versalovic, professor of pathology and immunology at Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children's Hospital, which has begun its own fecal transplant program, called intestinal microbiome transplantation.
While the transplants aren't yet the standard of care, Versalovic thinks the new study will make more physicians consider it for patients with recurrent infections. Although this study was small, it adds to a growing field of research showing the procedures to be highly effective and safe, with no major side effects, other than some temporary diarrhea, constipation or burping.
In the study, doctors noticed that the microbial mix in patients' intestines returned closer to normal after treatment, the study says.
"The challenge for the future is the development of a powerful mixture of bacteria that can replace donor feces as an effective treatment," Keller says.
In the future, doctors may be able to purify donated feces, so that they transplant just the bacteria that people need, Versalovic says.
Although hundreds of patients around the world have undergone fecal transplants, authors note that doctors have not yet developed a single standard procedure. In some cases, transplants are administered through a colonoscopy-like procedure. In this study, samples were given through a thin tube extending from the nose to the intestine.
And while some hospitals use transplants donated by patients' relatives or loved ones, this study used donations collected from volunteers who were screened for everything from parasites to HIV.
Fecal transplants are one of the first new treatments to emerge from the burgeoning study of the "human microbiome," the collection of 100 trillion bacteria, fungi and other microscopic bugs that live in and on the human body and without which, scientists say, people could not survive.
While some germs, like C. difficile, can cause illness, 99% of humans' microbial inhabitants provide critical services, such as synthesizing vitamins or simply keeping bad bugs away, says Lita Proctor, who leads the National Institutes of Health's Human Microbiome Project, which last month released its initial map of a "normal" microbial makeup. While organisms such as C. difficile can cause acute illness, scientists are also studying ways in which changes to the microbiome -- brought about by increased antibiotic use, less traditional diets and other lifestyle issues -- may contribute to chronic diseases, such as asthma and allergies.
Last year, researchers published the first "map" of the human microbiome, a sort of census of the creatures sharing our bodies. Now, Proctor says, doctors are beginning to move from basic science to potential treatments. Studies such as Keller's are "clearly the next stage in the emerging field," Proctor says.
The study was supported by the Netherlands Organization for Health Research and Development and the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/ZYzrsf
1) Double AP is back
2) AD casters mid, or how drake changed everything
3) Europe still produces world-class mid laners
4) Warwick isn't God, or how Saint was right
5) Meteos is a god
Other things we learned
Saint and Reginald make the best burn lane duo
Chaox will do anything to get back into the scene
Six casters doesn't work
Soraka is back, and extremely synergetic with hard CC
Maplestreet has swag
Share this article:
Tweet 0
The sanction against Bubu Palo barring them from the Iowa State men's basketball team has been temporarily stayed by a Webster County judge on Thursday, according to court documents.
The sanction against Bubu Palo barring them from the Iowa State men's basketball team has been temporarily stayed by a Webster County judge on Thursday, according to court documents.
The ruling by Judge Thomas Bice makes Palo eligible to be a member of the ISU men's basketball team until the appeal process of the Iowa Board of Regents' decision to uphold sanctions imposed by ISU president Steven Leath reaches its conclusion.
"(Palo) is on the team per ruling," Palo's attorney Matthew Boles wrote in an email to the Ames Tribune. "Playing time rests solely in the coach's hands."
Palo told the Ames Tribune that they spoke with ISU coach Fred Hoiberg on Thursday afternoon, and that they will begin practice with the team Monday.
"I'm excited to rejoin my teammates," Palo said. "I'm ready to do whatever they need.
"I'll take whatever role coach feels fits."
ISU athletic director Jamie Pollard released a statement expressing the university's displeasure with the court's decision.
"We are disappointed to learn of the district court judge's decision to reinstate Bubu Palo to our basketball team," said Pollard in the statement. "We believe the university should have the sole right and responsibility to determine any student's participation in extracurricular activities at Iowa State University."
Hoiberg had no comment on the situation other than to say Palo will not travel with the team for its game Saturday at Texas.
With Leath's initial ruling, the Regents upholding it and fighting Palo's appeal in court along with Pollard's statement, it creates an uneasy situation with the administration, Palo and their current status.
"It's definitely a little weird," said Palo, "but at the end of the day I'm just there for my teammates and the bond that we have."
Palo was charged in September 2012, with second-degree sexual abuse stemming from an incident in May of that year.
They were at that time indefinitely suspended from the ISU men's basketball team, but when charges were dropped in Jan. 2013 at the request of Story County prosecutors, Palo was reinstated to the team, playing in its final 17 games.
A complaint against Palo was presented to ISU's Office of Judicial Affairs in Sept. 2012, but after a two-day hearing in April 2013, an administrative law judge found that complaint to be not founded.
That decision was appealed to Leath, who overturned it Aug. 30, 2013, and imposed a number of sanctions on Palo, including removing them from the ISU men's basketball team. Palo remained a student at ISU and on scholarship.
Palo then appealed Leath's decision to the Iowa Board of Regents, who affirmed Leath's decision at closed session on Dec. 5, 2013. Palo then appealed that decision to the Iowa district court, which heard arguments regarding a stay of sanctions last week.
"We have respected the process all the way through," Boles wrote in an email to the Ames Tribune. "Part of that process is district court review. We asked and were granted a stay by Judge Bice based upon the facts of this case."
In reaching its conclusion to grant a temporary stay, the court found "several significant facts" that were "most troubling in attempting to reconcile the formal decisions of ISU President Leath and the Board of Regents with the decision to suspend Mr. Palo from the ISU basketball team, particularly on the basis of a stay awaiting a full hearing on the merits."
The Regents' claim that a stay would interfere with its ability to protect the alleged victim of that May 2012, incident was found not sustainable by the court nor was its position that having Palo a member of the team "tarnishes the University's reputation and image and presents a threat to others."
The court also found issue with the timeline of the appeals process, writing Leath made their decision "five days after the deadline that would have allowed Mr. Palo to transfer to another school and still take advantage of their remaining athletic eligibility. President Leath issued their decision on August 30, 2013, despite the fact that the matter was appealed to them in early June 2013."
By waiting until after the fall semester had started, Palo was unable to transfer to another school to finish their collegiate academic and basketball career.
"I would have had an option to figure it out," said Palo of a potential transfer had the ruling been made sooner. "I understand you (the administration) don't want me to play here, but you can't take away my ability to play somewhere else.
"I didn't have a choice (but to appeal)."
As for the Regents' upholding of Leath's decision to suspend Palo, the court found the decision "at best, short and contains neither discussion nor analysis of the underlying facts of the case.
"On first blush, the decision appears to simply be a ‘rubber stamp' of President Leath's decision, even though it took three months to render said Ruling."
The court also ruled that Palo would suffer "irreparable injury" if they were not allowed to return to the team as "there is no ‘next season'" for the senior.
Palo averaged 2.8 points, 1.4 assists and 12.5 minutes per game last season for an ISU team that advanced to the Round of 32 in the NCAA tournament.
"Obviously, we're excited to have Bubu back," said ISU senior Melvin Ejim, "but right now we're focused on Texas, we're focused on getting on the road and getting one of these wins."
ISU started the season with a school-record 14-game winning streak and is 14-2 and ranked No. 8.
"I don't know if I could say (the Palo situation has been) a distraction because we're 14-2," Ejim said. "Is it tough to see one of your friends, your teammates, your roommates go through something like that? Definitely, but you've got to find a way to put that aside and play the game.
"Glad to see this is coming to a close, and hopefully he'll be here."
Palo said they hope they can contribute to extending ISU's strong start, whether it be from working on the scout team, being a locker room leader or whatever role Hoiberg asks him.
"However they see," Palo said. "I'm just there for my teammates. We did a lot of work this summer, and I want to help continue the success in my last year."
— Sports editor Bobby La Gesse contributed to this story.
There are lots of things to say about The Daily Caller's release and reporting and Hannity's televised reveal of the (not-at-all) SHOCKING video of not-yet-President Obama giving a speech to a predominantly black audience in 2007 at Hampton University. After reading Carlson's Daily Caller article in which they claim that Obama uses an “accent they almost never adopts in public” (except here and, according to Rush Limbaugh, here and here) and Hannity's yelling at Juan Williams over Hannity's apoplexy that Obama's voice sounds different than usual in the video, one could introduce Carlson and Hannity to the concept of code-switching among many, many, other things.
While there are other important issues that this whole deal raises in terms of race in America and white privilege, for instance, I am not an expert in those areas; I want to stick to areas that I know well when posting in this space. I want to call attention how The Daily Caller's decision to “release” the video, their reporting about the video, and Hannity's show covering the release of the video are an affront to journalism.
Hannity and Carlson both read Obama's mind to then directly contradict what Barack Obama said in their speech with what they asserted were “facts” about their “real” intent. Hannity and Carlson used evidence not related to their argument to “prove” their argument.
Reporting the Olds and not the News
Most of this video has been online for years; a transcript of the prepared remarks was also available, though Obama deviated from the script. Carlson argued that the deviations were important, telling, and disgusting. Of course, Tucker Carlson themselves covered the speech (well, they reported on it; they were not there covering it) back in 2007. The “shout out” to Jeremiah Wright was named one of Obama's top gaffes of the 2008 election by Politico. What is new? Only the items below; claims that were ignited by Carlson, stoked by Drudge, and fanned by Hannity.
Mind Reading and the Telling of Direct Lies
Carlson claims that the real reason Obama is giving the speech is to tell the audience, “They don't like you because they are black. That is the theme of the speech from front to back, from beginning to end.” It is really impressive of Carlson to read Barack Obama's mind. This is especially impressive because Carlson is able to read Obama's mind despite what Obama actually said in the speech!
As ABC's Jake Tapper reported (I noticed that NBC's Today did so too this morning), Obama explicitly says to the same crowd in the same speech that race is not a factor in their anger at the government over the response to Hurricane Katrina. Obama said that they thought the Bush administration's “incompetence” was “colorblind” and was not about race. That is an explicit rejection of the entire thesis of Carlson and Hannity's absurd exercise – even though Carlson views Obama's comments about New Orleans (including the direct claims that the government's failures are not racially motivated) as “remarkable moment, and not just for its resemblance to Kanye West's famous claim that “George Bush doesn't care about black people.”
Umm, no. If it is remarkable, it is because it makes no such claim at all. In fact, it directly rejects such claims (see Ta-Nehisi Coates' fascinating essay ).
Leaving aside the wisdom of Carlson's use of the word “whipping” when describing their view that then-Candidate Obama was trying to build “race hatred and fear,” in their speech – where is the fear? Obama does not tell the audience to fear the government, to fear whites, or to fear anything (except, perhaps – if you really want to stretch – complacency). Carlson seems to want to argue that Obama is race-baiting and trying to make people afraid without evidence that they are doing so and despite actual words from the actual speech that explicitly state they are not doing so.
Obfuscation and Totally Unfair Comparisons
Journalism is about reporting the verifiable truth, not providing falsely equivalent facts for readers, viewers, and listeners to sift through. Yet, Carlson's reporting on the Hampton University speech is SHOCKING (sorry) with respect to how facts are used. Candidate Obama complained that the Stafford Act provision requiring a 10 percent local match of federal dollars to rebuild, in this case, New Orleans, had not been waived even though it was waved after 9/11 and Hurricane Andrew. That was a reasonable question to ask.
Carlson calls it “basic dishonesty” because the “federal government had sent at least $110 billion” to help with Katrina. Carlson's fact is true, but it has nothing at all to do with the fact about the Stafford Act that Obama presented to their audience. Obama asked about the basic fairness of waiving the Stafford Act requirement for one hurricane (and 9/11) and not waving it for another. That is unrelated to whether the federal government gave money to help with rebuilding efforts.
What is worse, Carlson goes on to say that a little while after Obama's speech, (after Obama's speech), the Bush administration sent another nearly $7 billion to locales affected by Katrina with “no strings attached.” Stafford waivers did come later as well, which Carlson noted in a lazy way, claiming that the waivers came at (here at the actual) times.
Is Carlson angry at Obama for not appreciating something that had not happened yet? I think they are and I think that that is actual “basic dishonesty.”
Another unfair comparison is Carlson's use of government aid in response to 9/11. “Compare this,” Carlson writes (referring to the $110 billion in aid given to Katrina-affected areas) “to the mere $20 billion that the Bush administration pledged to New York after Sept. 11.” First, this leaves aside other money pledged to the victims of 9/11 and their families, but more importantly, it implies that the cleanup and rebuilding of the horrific destruction of the Twin Towers is directly comparable to the cleanup and rebuilding costs for an entire city; indeed, an entire gulf region, after a devastating hurricane. This is a ridiculous claim and a wholly unfair comparison.
Why is it Terrible to Remember History?
Carlson closes their Daily Caller post noting Obama's veering off-script to conclude their speech by saying that “we won't forget what happened 19 months ago, or 15 years ago, or 300 years ago.” Carlson writes, “Three hundred years ago. It's a reference the audience understood.”
What is Carlson implying here? That the audience understands Katrina happened 19 months from the time of the speech, the L.A. riots 15 years prior, and slavery 300 years before? If so, that's great, they are praising the audience for understanding history. Of course, I suspect (but can't know for sure) that Carlson is not implying this. Carlson's interview on Hannity suggests that Carlson rejects Obama's references to race (though again, Obama did not make them in the way Carlson claimed) as destructive, mean-spirited, manipulative, and divisive. I'm not so sure it is a bad idea to recall the effects of a devastating storm, riot, or national scar. What is there to fear from recalling history and then engaging in a debate about what historical events are analogous to today, affect what is happening today, and might help us understand what to do tomorrow? We certainly don't have to agree about what role racism and slavery played in these and other matters to have productive conversations about them.
They Have Seen the Media and it isn't Him
At one point last night, Sean Hannity said that they hoped “the media” would start to cover Obama's speech from 5 years ago. If only they had a radio show, a television show, a website, a friend named Tucker who worked for a media outlet at another website to talk with on television, and a web-muckracker named Matt to promote Hannity's multi-platform megaphone…
Advertisements
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent, BBC News
Cryosat's orbit will be modified slightly to get the best out of the instrument
The radar instrument on Europe's Cryosat-2 spacecraft has been switched on and is reported to be working well. The satellite, which was launched last Thursday from Kazakhstan, will use the equipment to map the thickness and shape of the Earth's polar ice cover. Controllers must now check all of Cryosat's systems while a calibration team fine-tunes the radar. The science phase of the mission is expected to start in a few months' time and continue through to at least 2013. Cryosat is the latest Earth observation venture to be flown by the European Space Agency (Esa). A command was sent from its operation's centre in Darmstadt, Germany, on Sunday to activate the satellite's SAR/Interferometric Radar Altimeter (Siral). The instrument then acquired sample data over the Antarctic and Arctic for relay back to Earth. "We've tried the instrument out in all its modes," said Esa project manager Dr Richard Francis. "The very first time we switched it on, it worked brilliantly," they told BBC News. Siral advances the technology flown on previous European radar missions, such as ERS and Envisat. It has an along-track (straight ahead) resolution of about 250m, which will allow it to see the gaps of open water between the protruding sea-ice floes of the Arctic. With centimetre-scale accuracy, the altimeter will measure the difference in height between the two surfaces so scientists can work out the overall volume of the marine cover. HOW TO MEASURE ICE THICKNESS FROM ORBIT Cryosat's radar has the resolution to see the Arctic's floes and leads Some 7/8ths of the ice tends to sit below the waterline - the draft The aim is to measure the freeboard - the ice part above the waterline Knowing this 1/8th figure allows Cryosat to work out sea ice thickness
A second antenna on Siral offset from the first by about a metre will enable the instrument to sense the shape of the ice below, returning more reliable information on slopes and ridges. This interferometric observing mode will be used to assess the edges of Greenland and Antarctica where some rapid thinning has been detected in recent years. Cryosat's Dnepr rocket gave the mission a perfect start by injecting the spacecraft about 100m above the requested 720km-high mean orbit. Controllers will now modify this orbit slightly to enable the radar instrument to perform at its best. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With just two days left until Congress goes on vacation, President Obama today urged lawmakers to get to work and "stop just hatin' all the time."
"We could do so much more if Congress would just come on and help out a little bit," Obama said, chuckling. "Stop being mad all the time. … I've only got a couple years left. Come on, then you can be mad at the next president."
In a rowdy, campaign-style speech before a packed house at the Uptown Theatre in Kansas City, Missouri, the president slammed Republicans for wasting time on a "political stunt."
"The main vote that they've scheduled for today is whether or not they decide to sue me for doing my job," they said, to boos from the crowd.
"It's not a productive thing to do," they added. "Instead of suing me for doing my job, I want Congress to do its job."
The president touted their executive actions and efforts to circumvent gridlock in Congress, declaring, "We act when Congress won't."
"They are mad because I'm doing my job," they said. "And by the way, I've told them, 'I'd be happy to do it with you. The only reason I'm doing it on my own is because you don't do anything.'
"Imagine how much further along we'd be, how much stronger our economy would be, if Congress was doing its job, too," they said.
Restaurant Menu Pricing – do it right from the start for the best business results. Every little nuance within your menu is something that affects how the customer will respond – if they will end up ordering and in what amount. We bring you proven strategies to optimize your business' cashflow, tested by our earlier restaurateur projects. Determine the cost of all ingredients and resources from the supplier all the way to the table. Include delivery fees, cooking costs and employee wages in addition to the cost of the ingredients.
Maximizing Profit by Perfecting Restaurant Menu Pricing
To estimate the actual cost, consider:
Price per raw item – divide the total cost of a lot (delivery included) by the number of unprepared items.
Preparation time and approximate cost – estimate the time and wages it takes your team to get the item ready to cook or serve.
Cook time and approximate cost – the time and wages it takes to cook the item, as well as the energy costs associated with performing these actions.
General clean up costs – just preparing and serving the food is not the end of the story. Whatever happens with the utensils afterwards also has a cost.
Adding these factors up will give you the base cost of your item or dish. Going through this process for every item on your menu can be time consuming, but helps you to set reasonable, profitable price points for each offering. A shortcut would be to research other restaurants with similar offerings in your area, and then experiment with prices around this range. There are probably options of software tools that help with this process greatly, like EatApp.
The Price Barrier
The term price barrier means the cost above which most middle income diners will not buy. Currently the price barrier in the United States is about $20.00 (or even better, $19.99). Unless you cater to an upscale clientele, keep this number in mind as an upper limit for the price of a single dish. Knowing this fact makes it easier to handle good restaurant menu pricing.
How to Calculate Gross Profit Margins
To facilitate menu pricing methods, being informed about how some of your dishes perform financially is very helpful:
Follow these easy steps to calculate your gross profit margins on a particular dish:
1. Subtract the unit cost (ingredients + overhead) from the menu price.
2. Then, divide the resulting number by the menu price. This is your gross profit margin percentage.
Example: Say that the menu cost of fish and chips is $15, while the unit cost is $9. So, you'd subtract $9 from $15, which is $6. Then, you'd divide $6 by $15, which is a gross profit margin of 40%.
Maintaining positive gross profit margins gives you the money you need to cover the costs associated with making and selling your restaurant's meals. Determining reasonable and accurate gross profit margins up front will save you trouble in the long run and will also help keep your costs under control.
Also, we recommend this menu pricing calculator.
Portion Control for Expenses Control
One not so prominent among the menu pricing strategies is Portion Control.
Once all prices are set so that every dish is profitable, control for the quality of raw materials from that point onward.
The success of big restaurant chains lies mainly in control of portion sizes. Each portion should be the same size and mass. In this way, you can properly track food costs and make almost perfect calculation when creating final prices and your profit.
Tips: You can use portioning tools such as marked plates and scales to help with the portion control.
Train your staff how to use and measure ingredients while cooking and serving. Once they “tune” the portion size they would be able to serve and work with portions “by the eye,” but until then let them use scales and measuring cups!
Well Balanced Restaurant Menu Pricing
Food markets fluctuate depending on the season, the weather and the price of gas. One day lettuce may be $10 a case and then the following week it has jumped to $30 a case. There is little you can do when prices jump, short of changing your entire menu every few weeks, and who has time for that? However, when you balance expensive items, which are prone to price fluctuations, with items that have stable prices, you can help maintain your desired food cost.
So, go ahead and have some fresh lobster and beef on your menu, but temper it with some less expensively priced chicken dishes or pasta dishes. Creating the right price point for your menu is essential for keeping costs down and sales up. Understanding the role of portion control, food cost, price points will help to create a restaurant menu pricing configuration that balances customer expectations with an affordable kitchen inventory. How to calculate food cost for a recipe.
The Rule of Thirds
Up to now you've probably realized how influential restaurant menu pricing is on your business. There is a trick that could help you.
What is a good food cost percentage?
Restaurant: Impossible on The Food Network with Robert Irvine. The show, while not being completely authoritative in the field, raised a couple of interesting points:
The tip from the host, Robert Irvine, was to triple the cost of the food to create the menu price. So you figure out the cost of the food and by tripling that number you'll account for your other costs including profit:
Menu Price = Food Cost + Labor + Business Expenses including Profit
This formula is not precise. If you can get your margins higher you should. Customer demand comes into play as well, but this is a good basic rule when setting prices.
Businesses in a variety of industries use this formula as well. You can triple it or double it. Most businesses at least try to double or triple their money on anything they sell so it's a good basic step for a restaurant as well.
According to the Census Bureau report, New Home Sales in August were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 460 thousand. Sales for July were revised up slightly to 520 thousand.
Click on graph for larger image in new window.
The first graph shows monthly new home sales (NSA - Not Seasonally Adjusted).
Notice the Red columns for 2008. This is the lowest sales for August since 1982. (NSA, 39 thousand new homes were sold in August 2008, 36 thousand were sold in August 1982).
As the graph indicates, sales in 2008 are substantially worse than the previous years.
The second graph shows New Home Sales vs. recessions for the last 45 years. New Home sales have fallen off a cliff.
Sales of new one-family houses in August 2008 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 460,000, according to estimates released jointly today by the U.S. Census Bureau and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. This is 11.5 percent below the revised July rate of 520,000 and is 34.5 percent below the August 2007 estimate of 702,000.
The seasonally adjusted estimate of new houses for sale at the end of August was 408,000. This represents a supply of 10.9 months at the current sales rate.
And one more long term graph - this one for New Home Months of Supply. "Months of supply" is at 10.9 months.Note that this doesn't include cancellations, but that was true for the earlier periods too. Sales are falling quickly, but inventory is declining too, so the months of supply is slightly lower than the peak of 11.2 months in March 2008.The all-time high for Months of Supply was 11.6 months in April 1980.And on inventory:Inventory numbers from the Census Bureau do not include cancellations and cancellations are falling, but are still near record levels. Note that new home inventory does not include many condos (especially high rise condos), and areas with significant condo construction will have much higher inventory levels.As I noted last month, I now expect that 2008 will be the peak of the inventory cycle (in terms of months of supply) and could be the bottom of the sales cycle for new home sales. But the news is still grim for the home builders. Usually new home sales rebound fairly quickly following a bottom (see the 2nd graph above), but this time I expect a slow recovery because of the overhang of existing homes for sales (especially distressed properties). If the recession is more severe than I currently expect, new home sales might fall even further.This is a very weak report, but as grim as the news is for new home sales, I remain more pessimistic about existing home sales, and existing home prices, than new home sales.
An extraordinary chain of events at Leicester City on Sunday night culminated in the club issuing a statement to confirm that Nigel Pearson would remain in charge for the game at Arsenal, hours after the manager had been led to believe that they were losing their job.
Confusion reigned at the King Power Stadium after reports started to emerge early in the evening that Pearson had been relieved of their duties 24 hours after the 1-0 defeat at home against Crystal Palace – a match in which the Leicester manager had become embroiled in a bizarre touchline incident with James McArthur.
It is understood that Pearson thought that they had gone at one point, and other staff at the club also believed that to be the case, only for the 51-year-old to be granted a reprieve later in the day. After four hours of silence, during which the players were totally in the dark as to what was going on, Leicester issued a statement saying that the club “would like to clarify its position relative to its manager” and implied that Pearson's future had never been in doubt.
Nigel Pearson plays down drama after James McArthur touchline tangle Read more
“Contrary to media speculation on Sunday evening, Nigel remains the club's first-team manager,” the statement said. “Reports to the contrary are inaccurate and without foundation. Nigel, their staff and the first-team squad are entirely focused on Tuesday night's trip to Arsenal and our continued efforts to secure our position in the Barclays Premier League.”
It was a strange series of events to say the least, almost farcical, and that statement offered little explanation for what had gone on earlier in the day and why it had taken so long to confirm whether Pearson was staying or going. Pearson, make no mistake, had thought their time at the King Power Stadium was up.
It is understood that the 51-year-old was summoned to talks on the back of the Palace defeat, which left Leicester anchored to the foot of the table and, following Burnley's 2-2 draw at home against West Bromwich Albion on Sunday, four points adrift of safety. News then started to filter through that Pearson's second spell in charge at the King Power Stadium had come to an end, with the team's poor form, allied to that incident with McArthur, in which the manager appeared to have their hands around the Palace midfielder's neck at one point, prompting the board to decide to make a change.
Ivory Coast 0-0 Ghana (IC 9-8 on pens) | Africa Cup of Nations final Read more
While the McArthur flashpoint is unlikely to bring a Football Association charge, it is the second time in the space of a couple of months that Pearson has got into trouble in their technical area – in December they were fined £10,000 by the governing body and given a one-match ban after an angry verbal exchange with a Leicester supporter – and it is understood that the board took a dim view of the latest indiscretion.
For the moment it is unclear whether Pearson has the job until the end of the season or if this is simply a stay of execution. Either way the task of climbing away from the foot of the table looks a thankless one. After facing Arsenal at the Emirates, three of Leicester's next four league matches see them visit Everton, Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur.
Pearson is due to face the media to preview the Arsenal game on Mondayafternoon, after training a first-team squad that had started to think that they would be coming under new management. It remains to be seen whether they will shed any light on exactly what went on behind closed doors and why it took the club so long to bring clarity to the situation.
Demba Ba: Three-and-a-half-year deal agreed with Chelsea
The Senegal international is undergoing a medical with the European champions after a release clause was triggered in their Newcastle contract once Chelsea offered £7million.
They were left out of the Magpies' squad for their 2-1 home defeat to Everton on Wednesday, with manager Alan Pardew admitting afterwards that they were on their way to Stamford Bridge.
Ba joined Newcastle on a free transfer from West Ham in June 2011 and after impressing last season they have already scored 13 goals this campaign.
"It's done. They will go to Chelsea with our blessing," Pardew told Sky Sports on Wednesday.
"He has done fantastic for us and it's not a bad thing, all the uncertainty is now done and we can move on.
"The ball was always in Demba's court. But this club is bigger than any player for sure."
Chelsea officials held initial discussions with Ba's representatives earlier this week but had been unable to reach an agreement.
Newcastle released a statement which read: "Newcastle United can confirm Chelsea Football Club has made an official offer for Demba Ba which has triggered the release clause in the player's contract.
"The club has given the player permission to speak to Chelsea FC and therefore they will not be included in the squad for tonight's game with Everton."
This short but illuminating book opens the door on a little-known strand in Greek and Roman philosophy, Aristotelian ethics between Aristotle's successor, Theophrastus (late fourth century BC) and the great Aristotelian commentator, Alexander of Aphrodisias (second/third century AD). The evidence for this topic is either indirect (especially in the Hellenistic period) or based on sources that raise difficult exegetical as well as interpretative questions. Recent scholarly work has gone some way to making this material more widely available, notably in Robert Sharples' 2010 translation of sources for Peripatetic philosophy (200 BC-200 AD) and the essays on Peripatetic thought in the 2007 two-volume survey of ancient philosophy (100 BC-200 AD) edited by Sharples and Richard Sorabji.
Brad Inwood's book, based on a lecture-series given at Harvard, is focused solely on ethics and is more conceptually ambitious than earlier studies. They aim not simply to report and explain the evidence but to try to make philosophical sense of key themes and cross-currents in Aristotelian ethics in this period. This is partly a matter of reconstructing how Peripatetic thinkers responded to salient innovations (after Aristotle) by other schools, especially in Stoicism but also, as Inwood reminds us, in Epicureanism. More crucially, it is a matter of tracking what Peripatetic thinkers saw as distinctively Aristotelian in their intellectual inheritance and how they restated this in the light of subsequent developments. Inwood places special emphasis on Aristotelian naturalism, especially but not only, as expressed in the famous human function argument of Nicomachean Ethics 1.7. They think that Aristotle´s distinctive move of locating ethics (including questions of agency, pleasure, virtue and happiness) against a broad conception of human nature underpins a number of (relatively) new features in Peripatetic thought in this period, especially in Antiochus, Arius Didymus and Alexander. They also suggest that this dimension of Aristotelian thought has the potential to make a significant contribution to modern ethics, now that Aristotle's thinking on virtue and happiness has already been absorbed by contemporary virtue-ethics. The latter proposal is made most explicitly in the first chapter, ("Working in the Wake of Genius"), which includes a thoughtful review of the post-war reception of the Aristotelian approach and which notes some attempts (e.g., by Philippa Foot and John McDowell) to engage with Aristotelian naturalism (pp. 7, 13). But it also underpins their reading of Peripatetic thought throughout the book, which seems designed to render this dimension of the Aristotelian tradition accessible to readers whose philosophical interests go well beyond those of specialists of ancient thought.
In their treatment of specific Peripatetic thinkers, Inwood isolates a limited number of salient motifs and aims to make sense of them within their intellectual context. Their brief comments on Theophrastus identify an apparent tendency to adopt clear-cut positions (for instance on the contribution of external circumstances to happiness) where Aristotle´s treatment was dialectical and nuanced. They see the Magna Moralia (MM) (a work attributed to Aristotle but now widely seen as by a later Peripatetic thinker) as also inclined to stress more than Aristotle the role of external factors. A related strand in this work is a practical and emotion-focused tendency, which comes out in the definition of the virtues as mean states of emotions (coupled with criticism of Socratic intellectualism), and a stress on the importance of practical rather than contemplative wisdom. Inwood also finds in MM, and in some lesser-known third-century Peripatetics (Lycon and Hieronymus) a more positive view of pleasure than is generally associated with the Aristotelian school. The MM saw "every pleasure as a good," Lycon defined happiness as "true joy of the soul . . . at fine things," and Hieronymus defined happiness as a life free from disturbance (pp. 33, 39, 42). A common thread here is a version of hedonism (chapter 2 is called "Flirting with Hedonism (It´s Only Natural)"). Inwood finds here a possible response to Epicureanism and also an expression of the relatively positive (though not always consistent) account of pleasure given by Aristotle himself. They point out that during the third century BC, Epicureanism was still a major philosophical influence on other schools and that the tendency of Peripatetics, along with Academics and Stoics, to exclude the school from serious consideration belongs to a later period (first century BC onwards).
In chapter 3 ("The Turning Point: From Critolaus to Cicero"), Inwood focuses on two major figures, Critolaus, the mid second-century head of the school, and Antiochus (first century BC), an Academic strongly influenced by Peripatetic ideas. In both cases, they see a response to the powerful critique of contemporary (especially Stoic) ethics by the second-century Academic Sceptic, Carneades. This led Critolaus to offer as a formalised doctrine the Aristotelian suggestion that there are three kinds of good (psychological, bodily and external), and to define happiness as a life that is completely "filled out" by these goods (pp. 54-5), thus taking again a Theophrastean line on the contribution of external goods to happiness. As Inwood points out, Critolaus, perhaps influenced by Carneades' way of classifying goods, set aside Aristotle's presentation of happiness as an activity of soul in accordance with virtue (NE 1.7). The version of Academic/Peripatetic ethics offered in Cicero, On Ends Book 5 (normally seen as that of Antiochus, though Inwood has doubts about this, pp. 71-2) reflects the influence of Critolaus alongside Stoicism. The account is cast in Stoic mode as a version of human ethical development conceived as "appropriation" or "familiarisation" (oikeiosis), and it adopts the hard Stoic view that virtue is sufficient for happiness. This account also re-introduces the Aristotelian stress on the idea of happiness as activity in accordance with virtue, while retaining a version of Critolaus' view about the value of external goods in the form of the idea that bodily and external goods are necessary for complete happiness. Thus, Inwood shows how some of the most creative moves in the Peripatetic tradition in this period constitute responses to ethical debate within and outside the school.
In chapter 4, ("Bridging the Gap: Aristotelian Ethics in the Early Roman Empire"), there are again two main topics. One is the account of development as oikeiosis that forms part of a handbook-style summary of Peripatetic ethics ("Doxography C"), normally attributed to the Augustan thinker Arius Didymus. Inwood sees here, as in the account in Cicero, On Ends 5, a version of the Aristotelian naturalistic approach to ethics, which presents ethical development as the realisation of our nature as human agents. The treatment has absorbed a Stoic framework and terminology without losing its distinctive Aristotelian standpoint, and, by contrast with Stoicism, gives scope for goods other than virtue as parts of happiness. The second topic is the debate between Stoic and Peripatetic ideas on emotion, which is presented from a pro-Stoic perspective in Cicero, Tusculan Disputations 4 and Seneca, On Anger. As Inwood points out, this debate shows how Peripatetic thinkers could move well beyond Aristotle himself, in formulating the idea that anger is needed to provide the motivational basis for courage and self-defence, an idea that embodies a kind of natural teleological approach. Cicero brings out this dimension more clearly than Seneca, which may mean they were responding to different versions of the theory, though the evidence does not allow us to say who exactly these Peripatetic thinkers were.
In their final chapter ("Alexander and Imperial Aristotelianism"), Inwood focuses on discussions in which Alexander of Aphrodisias, the great Aristotelian commentator, also brings out the naturalistic dimension of Aristotelian ethics in their treatment of oikeiosis. They discuss a short treatment in the Ethical Problems, and then a rather longer account in the Mantissa. The second account (for which Inwood provides their own translation) reviews earlier Peripatetic treatments before offering Alexander's own view. In an economical and elegant treatment, Alexander does justice to the idea that human beings have a primary orientation (to oneself) but also an inbuilt drive to realise our fully developed nature as rational agents. They also present this realisation as inherently pleasurable without making pleasure the goal of life. Thus, for Inwood, Alexander's treatment, which is presented by the commentator as bringing out Aristotle´s own approach (as distinct from that of later Peripatetics) expresses clearly the ethical naturalism which is typical of the whole tradition.
What are the main merits of this book? Despite the relative shortness of the work and the explicit attempt at an overview, Inwood's account is innovative both in the readings of specific thinkers and in the overall characterisation of what is distinctive in the Aristotelian tradition in this period, which underlines the strongly naturalist dimension, while not neglecting other intellectual trends. The presentation is lucid and engaging, with all texts presented in translation, and Inwood's treatment is accessible to a wide range of readers including those working primarily on modern ethics. Although more specialist readers will pick up a number of interesting suggestions about the character and provenance of the ideas they discuss (including Cicero's account of Stoic oikeiosis and the source of De Finibus 5, pp. 66-7, 71-2), these do not obtrude unduly on the overall exposition. In so far as the book has limitations, these derive from its character as a reflective overview based on a lecture-series. Inwood's core claims about the distinctive Aristotelian stance of ethical naturalism merit a fuller and more explicitly argued treatment, and one which defines this naturalism by contrast with (for instance) Stoic and Epicurean versions of ethical naturalism. This would be needed before we could be confident that it is Aristotle's version of this theme that has most to contribute to contemporary debate in ethical philosophy, both within and outside contemporary virtue-ethics. Several of the more specialised points made or indicated about the evidence or ideas of the Aristotelian tradition also deserve fuller discussion, and are likely to receive this in other contexts. Overall, for anyone looking for a helpful guide to this strand in ancient philosophy and for philosophical reasons why we should want to explore this strand, Inwood's book offers an excellent resource.
The conditions of the wounded students, both males, were not immediately known but a Pierce County sheriff's spokesperson said they were expected to survive.
Two male students, both 16, have been shot near Graham-Kapowsin High School in Pierce County.
The victims are going into surgery and expected to recover, Steve Richards, a spokesperson for Graham Fire & Rescue told The News Tribune on Tuesday evening. As they were transported to Tacoma General Hospital, both appeared to be alert, Richards added.
The shooting occurred about 2:30 p.m. just off school grounds, and the victims ran back on the campus, Pierce County Sheriff's spokesperson Ed Troyer said.
One of the victims was found in a parking lot by the school football field and a second was found in a restroom in a locker room, they said. The suspects reportedly fled in a green vehicle, possibly a Chevrolet Impala.
Troyer said the shooting may be gang-related.
The shooting prompted the high school and three nearby schools to go into lockdown status.
Deputies swept the high school grounds following the shooting, although Troyer said there were no indications that the shooters were on campus. All remaining students were with deputies, they said.
“We are confident there are no shooters at the school or on the school grounds,” Troyer said.
The Bethel School District confirmed in a tweet that the victims are students at the school.
The high school is located at 108th Avenue East and Eustis Hunt Road East in Graham. The gunshots were reportedly fired on the Eustis Hunt Road side of the campus, the sheriff's department said.
John Gutierrez, 41, of Frederickson, was driving to the high school to pick up their son, who had finished with their after-school drama program, according to The News Tribune of Tacoma. They said they noticed they were following sheriff's deputies on the way, and was told to leave the parking lot when they arrived.
That's when they got a text from their son, that said: “Hey, dad, I can't leave. We're going into lockdown.”
“It is scary, but I know my son is OK,” they told The News Tribune. “I'm just praying for the parents of the other kids.”
Three schools were locked down after the shooting, according to Bethel schools. In addition to the high school, Frontier Middle School and Nelson Elementary were locked down, the district said in a tweet. Students were being released from the schools starting around 4:30 p.m.
Students at Graham Elementary School were released to their buses with staff supervision, according to the district.
High-school students were being reunited with their parents at the Frontier Middle School gymnasium, 22110 108th Ave. E., south of Graham-Kapowsin.
“As you can imagine, there are a lot of parents, and they're all upset,” Troyer told KIRO radio.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and students involved with this shooting today,” the school district said in a tweet. “This is a scary situation and we are proud of how our staff, students and families have been and are still reacting to it.”
U.S. Rep. Dave Reichert, R-Auburn, tweeted the following statement: “My prayers are w/ the families of the victims; the students, teachers, & staff at the school; & the community affected. My thoughts are also w/ the law enforcement officers that are investigating this heinous crime.”
The most recent school shooting in Washington state was Sept. 13 at Freeman High School near the tiny town of Rockford, Spokane County, where one student was killed and three others were wounded. A 15-year-old boy was charged with first-degree murder and three counts of attempted first-degree murder.
Seattle Times news researcher Miyoko Wolf contributed to this story.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) managed to reach the Syrian-Iraqi border after a fast advane in the southeastern desert.
The SAA also captured a desert road north of Al-Tanf and areas under the US-led coalition and the Free Syrian Army (FSA) control. According to the map released by the Russian military, government forces took control of the area near al-Bawdah.
“We see that coalition's actions only prevents the government forces from defeating Daesh [ISIS] terrorists,” chief of the Russian General Staff's Main Operational Directorate Col. Gen. Sergei Rudskoy said. “While declaring its aim as the fight against international terrorism, the coalition carries out strikes against Syrian troops, lets Daesh [ISIS] militants out of encirclement areas, thus, strengthening terrorist units near Palmyra and Deir ez-Zor.”
It is believed that the Russian Special Operations Forces may have participated in the operation alongside the SAA. Moreover, there have been unconfirmed reports of the deployment of Russian Army forces on the road to prevent the US-led coalition from attacking the SAA.
The Hezbollah media wing has also confirmed the gains at the border with Iraq.
With this advance, SAA has returned to the Syrian-Iraqi border for the first time in three years. The SAA had lost the Baghdad-Damascus road after ISIS attack on Al-Tanf in 2014.
Now, it will be almost impossible for the FSA and the US-led coalition to attack Deir Ezzor from the southern direction because the SAA blocked the road to it, and Iraq wouldn't allow the US coalition to launch an operation towards Deir Ezzor from its territory.
The US-led coalition maintains very advanced positions in the Shaddadi area north of Deir Ezzor and Wadi Baqar village north-east of Deir Ezzor. However, any attack by the US-led coalition on ISIS from the north may ease the pressure on the SAA in Deir Ezzor and allow government forces to capture it completely. So the United States will not conduct this move.
The SAA next target may be Al-Qa'am border crossing on the Syrian-Iraqi border. The possible operation towards Qa'am may be a joint joint effort of the SAA and the Irai Popular Mobilization Units.
Barack Obama attacked John McCain Friday for launching a “barrage of nasty insinuations and attacks.” Obama: McCain ‘stoking anger, division'
Barack Obama attacked John McCain on Friday for launching a “barrage of nasty insinuations and attacks” as the stock market tumbled.
“Even as we face the most serious economic crisis of our time, even as you are worried about keeping your jobs or paying your bills or staying in your homes, my opponent's campaign announced last week that they plan to ‘turn the page' on the discussion about our economy so they can spend the final weeks of this election attacking me instead,” Obama said during a speech in Chillicothe, Ohio.
Story Continued Below
“So in the last couple of days, we've seen a barrage of nasty insinuations and attacks, and I'm sure we'll see much more over the next 25 days. We know what's coming. We know what they're going to do.”
“I think that folks are looking for something different,” Obama continued. “It's easy to rile up a crowd by stoking anger and division. But that's not what we need right now in the United States.
“The times are too serious. The challenges are too great. The American people aren't looking for someone who can divide this country — they're looking for someone who will lead it. We're in a serious crisis — now, more than ever, it is time to put country ahead of politics.”
Dina – what do I do during that? Ricky – the veto ceremony .. Lolo will get up there and they will say I'm using or not using.. Dina – she's keeping the veto ..obviously. So then I get that but what do I do Tuesday? Kandi – we don't do the vote until Wednesday. Dina – oh so I've got to wait!? Kandi – everyone leaves the same day. Dina – so I don't have to play the other games though right?! So I don't have to do the thing tomorrow right?! Ricky – the HOH? Dina – no, yeah! Ricky – tomorrow is the veto ceremony. Dina – oh! So I still have to do that? Ricky – do what? You just have to sit here.. that's all you have to do.
Read More
Just 51% of Australian and New Zealand organisations have the right skills in-house to develop and support their mobile enterprise strategy, according to research by open source software giant, Red Hat.
In fact, Red Hat says its research reveals that companies in the two countries are struggling to implement enterprise mobile strategies, due to the major IT skills gap in their local markets.
According to the 2016 Red Hat ANZ Enterprise Mobile Index, skills are a major barrier to implementation for many businesses, with 63% of respondents having fewer than 10 mobile applications in the organisation. An additional 23% had between 10 and 20 mobile applications.
Colin McCabe, director consulting and training at Red Hat, warns that local companies failing to get the right skills on board risk falling behind in the race to mobility.
“These statistics suggest that the region is experiencing a skills shortage in the areas of mobile integration and application development. Clearly, most companies sit in the development stages of the mobile maturity curve, which means there is plenty of room for growth. As such, we'd expect to see a substantial increase in mobility spending over the next few years.”
According to McCabe, while many organisations can overcome the skills shortage barrier by outsourcing, mobile is becoming increasingly central to many companies' IT strategy, “so it is more likely they will look to hire the skills they need”.
“Outsourcing is a stop-gap measure in the case of mobility. Unlike a specialist piece of software or capability, mobility permeates all aspects of an organisation's IT environment, so it's important to have those skills in-house.
“Organisations can look to hire people with the right skillsets, or they can train current staff to close the gap, using emerging technologies.”
McCabe also said that organisations need to be able to develop and deploy mobile apps in an agile and flexible manner, and a successful enterprise mobile strategy is based on a strong platform architecture, developer experience, technology integration, and the ability to collaborate to build a fast IT organisation.
“Companies in the local market that fail to get the right skills on board risk falling behind in the race to mobility. This has ramifications in terms of attracting and retaining both customers and high-performing employees, since people now expect to be able to interact with organisations via mobile devices," McCabe warned.
Mario Balotelli has scored four goals in 28 Liverpool appearances
Mario Balotelli says they cannot afford to make any more mistakes in their career after returning to AC Milan on loan from Liverpool.
The Italy international, 25, has moved back to the seven-time European champions in a season-long deal.
"I feel like someone who has put the first part of their career to one side. Played and lived like a boy," they said.
Media playback is not supported on this device Gossip: De Bruyne, Berahino & Stones
"I haven't forgotten how to play football. I am no longer a kid. I've wasted too many chances."
Balotelli is taking a pay cut to move back to Milan, with Liverpool also paying some of their wages.
They scored only one Premier League goal for Liverpool after a £16m move from Milan in August 2014.
The ex-Manchester City player is set to make their second debut for the Rossoneri against Serie A rivals Empoli on Saturday.
'Rodgers wasn't suited to me'
Balotelli scored four goals in 28 appearances across all competitions for the Reds following their arrival a year ago.
But they were left out of the pre-season tour of the Far East and Australia and trained away from the first team before rejoining Milan.
Reds manager Brendan Rodgers signed forwards Christian Benteke, Roberto Firmino and Danny Ings, while Divock Origi is back at Anfield after a year on loan at Lille.
"I take my responsibilities, but the system chosen by Rodgers wasn't suited to my characteristics," Balotelli said on Milan's official website.
Analysis from BBC Sport chief football writer Phil McNulty
"Mario Balotelli has left Liverpool for AC Milan on loan - and very few at the club will ever wish to see them back at Anfield again.
"The Italian was a £16m panic buy last season when manager Brendan Rodgers was faced with the choice of the veteran Samuel Eto'o, Balotelli or no-one at all. After stating "categorically" they would not sign Balotelli, Rodgers would have been better with no-one at all.
"In every respect Balotelli was a terrible fit for Liverpool. A maverick with no team ethic, they were also completely at odds with the intense pressing style Rodgers employs.
"It was an expensive gamble that failed miserably and Rodgers and Liverpool will now hope it is behind them."
Not-so-super Mario
Burnley's Lukas Jutkiewicz (none) was the only striker to score fewer Premier League goals than Mario Balotelli (one) having played at least 10 games last season.
Balotelli had the fourth-worst minutes-to-goal ratio (940 mins per goal) of any Premier League forward last season. Only Stoke's Marko Arnautovic (1918), Hull's Sone Aluko (1242) and Newcastle's Emmanuel Riviere (1213) fared worse.
No Premier League forward had a worse shot conversion rate - goals divided by total shots - than Balotelli (0.028) last season.
However, all four of Balotelli's goals across all competitions were in the final 10 minutes and had a direct impact on the result.
I owe Italy return to my dad - Balotelli
Balotelli has scored 13 goals in 33 appearances for Italy, but has not been picked for the national side since the 2014 World Cup.
Now they hope their move back to Milan can lead to an Azzurri recall in time for next summer's European Championship in France.
"Yes, I am thinking about it. I want to play well for Milan and earn the Italy shirt again. But for now I simply have to work," they said.
"One step at a time. If I score lots of goals then maybe I will be in France. I want to play at the European Championship - I will do everything I can to achieve that.
"To see me again in the Italian national side was one of my father's wishes before they passed away. I owe it also to him."
Why always Mario? March 2011: Balotelli said to have thrown a dart at a Manchester City youth-team player in a prank July 2011: Substituted by Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini during a pre-season friendly against Los Angeles Galaxy after back-heeling wide when through on goal October 2011: Emergency crews were called to the Italian's house when a firework was set alight in their bathroom in the early hours of the morning January 2012: A Manchester school received a New Year shock when Balotelli parked their Bentley outside in order to make use of its toilets October 2014: Angered Brendan Rodgers by swapping shirts with Real Madrid's Pepe at half-time in the 3-0 Champions League defeat at Anfield February 2015: Grabs ball off Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson to take decisive penalty against Besiktas - they scored
Sony's PlayStation 4 Pro launches next month, and there's still a whole lot we don't know about how this new device will affect the quality of games and what it means for the cadence of the console industry as we know it today. We're still unsure of exactly how game developers will make use of it, how it will aid Sony's recently released virtual reality headset, and whether the Pro's existence will undermine in any way the sizable audience of the current PS4.
To assuage some fears and shed some light, Sony's chief PlayStation architect Mark Cerny sat down with The Verge this week to offer a rundown of what's going on inside the Pro and what we can expect to change and stay the same when it hits the market. Cerny, who's worked on everything from Crash Bandicoot and the first Uncharted to Spyro the Dragon and Ratchet & Clank, is a game industry veteran with some considerable hardware experience. Here's what they had to say about the PS4 Pro's specs and capabilities, as well as what mysteries and open questions remain.
The PS4 Pro is 2.28 times more powerful than its predecessor, but not everything will run in native 4K
Instead of using an entirely new GPU, Cerny said the PS4 Pro is using a "double-sized one." In effect, the new console has a second, identical GPU configured next to the original, with a 14 percent boost in frequency to 911MHz, which more than doubles the processing power of the Pro. While the standard PS4 produces 1.8 teraflops, the PS4 Pro achieves 4.2 teraflops. The console uses the same eight Jaguar CPU cores, but clocked at a higher speed. It also makes use of its system memory in a more efficient fashion, using a higher bandwidth on the 8GB of GDDR5 memory to squeeze out an additional 512MB for game developers to make use of. An additional 1GB of convention DRAM was put in the Pro to help it switch applications, so software like Netflix will be stored on the DRAM when open but not in use.
This is how the device can achieve native 4K and, in some cases, what Cerny said are results "extremely close to 4K." For select software, including games like adventure title Horizon Zero Dawn and Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, the PS4 Pro will use a crafty technique called checkerboard rendering to achieve 2160p resolution. Checkboard rendering changes the formation of pixels to achieve higher-fidelity graphics.
For other titles, like Watch Dogs 2 and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, the PS4 Pro will render in 1800p using similar techniques. (The new Deus Ex can also achieve higher resolution depending on the scenario being rendered onscreen.) Developers can also patch existing games to run in upscaled 1080p, meaning the image will be a shrunken-down version of a 4K one.
Standard PS4 games will play just the same unless devs patch them
For the more than 700 or so existing PS4 games, Cerny said the goal was to ensure those titles played smoothly no matter what. That's why the Pro incorporates an identical GPU. Because the new console has "the old GPU next to a mirror version of itself," Sony can support existing games with a simple trick: "We just turn off the second GPU," they said. Developers can patch these titles to boost graphics and performance in very subtle ways. But unless you have a 4K television, the difference will not be substantial.
Sony says it doesn't want games released solely for the PS4 Pro
When asked whether Sony would ever let a game run exclusively on the PS4 Pro, Cerny was blunt. "We're putting a very high premium on not splitting the user base in that fashion," they said. That doesn't rule out the possibility that, two or even three years down the line, a game comes out that relies so heavily on the hardware improvements of the Pro that it becomes unplayable on the standard PS4. Cerny wouldn't really speak much to that scenario, saying that Sony is asking developers to take advantage of the new console without leaving older hardware behind.
The PS4 Pro won't offer an immediate benefit to PlayStation VR
The launch of the PS4 Pro is happening just one month after the launch of Sony's PSVR headset. That's led many to wonder whether the company's decision to release its mid-generation console refresh many months before Microsoft's Project Scorpio is because it wants the more powerful hardware for VR.
"We're just asking them [developers] to take advantage."
Cerny said that's not exactly the case. There's no direct correlation between PSVR and the PS4 Pro. In fact, owning the new console doesn't mean you'll see any immediate benefits to the VR experience unless developers decide to take advantage of the graphical and memory boost post-launch. "We're just asking for them to take advantage," Cerny said. "We'd like for them [developers] to take a look at what the hardware can do and do something with it." Some possibilities include boosting pixel counts for smoother images in VR or increasing the headset's refresh rate.
There won't be a 2TB option for the foreseeable future
One of the benefits of the PS4 Pro is a larger hard drive. The new console will ship with 1TB of storage, and the drive will remain user-replaceable in the event you want to put in a larger HDD or swap in a faster SSD. As to whether Sony would be offering a 2TB model for those uninterested in doing the work themselves, Cerny was tight-lipped. They did say that Pro-ready games would not be larger in size than standard PS4 games.
There won't be a PS4 Pro Elite controller
Despite its new console seemingly targeting the serious gamer, Cerny made the point that Sony is not interested in selling an expensive gamepad like the Xbox One Elite controller. "We want to keep PlayStation 4 as a single unified audience," they said. "We need to be quite careful to the enhancements we add to the controller. But it's not the sort of thing that's going to create have's and have nots." The new Dualshock 4 controller, bundled with both the PS4 Slim and the Pro, is just a slightly different model with an extended light bar.
Sony left out a 4K Blu-ray player because it thinks streaming is the future
Cerny wouldn't speak much to Sony's controversial decision to leave out a 4K Blu-ray player in the PS4 Pro, which means it won't be to play movies on discs as the Xbox One S can. Citing Sony Interactive Entertainment CEO Andrew House, Cerny said the future is in services like Netflix. "What we're seeing is the consumer behavior is streaming," they said. "Having 4K streaming with PS4 Pro is very natural." Cerny would not elaborate as to what benefits removing the disc functionality provides.
How you'll know you're buying a PS4 Pro-ready game
Given that a number of upcoming and existing titles will be Pro-ready when the console launches next month, it's going to be interesting to see how this is communicated to consumers. Sony will have to figure out a way to indicate when a game is playing at a certain resolution while others won't be able to achieve that benchmark. Cerny says that boxes bought in stores and information on digital download pages will reflect a game's Pro support, but it's unclear exactly what that's going to look like.
"Each lapse is like the letting fall of a ball of string which one is carefully winding up." A timeless validation of grit and persistence as secrets to success
"We are what we repeatedly do," Aristotle famously proclaimed. "Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." Perhaps most fascinating in Michael Lewis's altogether fantastic recent Vanity Fair profile of Barack Obama is, indeed, the President's relationship with habit -- particularly their optimization of everyday behaviors to such a degree that they require as little cognitive load as possible, allowing them to better focus on the important decisions, the stuff of excellence.
I found this interesting not merely out of solipsism, as it somehow validated my having had the same breakfast day in and day out for nearly a decade (steel-cut oats, fat-free Greek yogurt, whey protein powder, seasonal fruit), but also because it isn't a novel idea at all. In fact, the same tenets Obama applies to the architecture of their daily life are those pioneering psychologist and philosopher William James wrote about in 1887, when they penned Habit (public library; public domain) -- a short treatise on how our behavioral patterns shape who we are and what we often refer to as character and personality.
When we look at living creatures from an outward point of view, one of the first things that strike us is that they are bundles of habits. In wild animals, the usual round of daily behavior seems a necessity implanted at birth in animals domesticated, and especially in man, it seems, to a great extent, to be the result of education. The habits to which there is an innate tendency are called instincts; some of those due to education would by most persons be called acts of reason. It thus appears that habit covers a very large part of life, and that one engaged in studying the objective manifestations of mind is bound at the very outset to define clearly just what its limits are.
James beings with a strictly scientific, physiological account of the brain and our coteries of ingrained information patterns, exploring the notion of neuroplasticity a century before it became a buzzword of modern popular neuroscience and offering this elegant definition:
Plasticity ... in the wide sense of the word, means the possession of a structure weak enough to yield to an influence, but strong enough not to yield all at once.
They then bridges the body and the mind to shed light on how "habit loops" dominate our lives:
What is so clearly true of the nervous apparatus of animal life can scarcely be otherwise than true of that which ministers to the automatic activity of the mind ... Any sequence of mental action which has been frequently repeated tends to perpetuate itself; so that we find ourselves automatically prompted to think, feel, or do what we have been before accustomed to think, feel, or do, under like circumstances, without any consciously formed purpose, or anticipation of results.
They eventually bring this lens to social science, painting a somewhat ominous picture of habit as a kind of trance:
Habit is thus the enormous fly-wheel of society, its most precious conservative agent. It alone is what keeps us all within the bounds of ordinance, and saves the children of fortune from the envious uprisings of the poor. It alone prevents the hardest and most repulsive walks of life from being deserted by those brought up to tread therein. It keeps the fisherman and the deck-hand at sea through the winter; it holds the miner in their darkness, and nails the countryman to their log cabin and their lonely farm through all the months of snow; it protects us from invasion by the natives of the desert and the frozen zone. It dooms us all to fight out the battle of life upon the lines of our nurture or our early choice, and to make the best of a pursuit that disagrees, because there is no other for which we are fitted, and it is too late to begin again. It keeps different social strata from mixing. Already at the age of twenty-five you see the professional mannerism settling down on the young commercial traveller, on the young doctor, on the young minister, on the young counsellor-at-law. You see the little lines of cleavage running through the character, the tricks of thought, the prejudices, the ways of the 'shop,' in a word, from which the man can by-and-by no more escape than their coat-sleeve can suddenly fall into a new set of folds. On the whole, it is best they should not escape. It is well for the world that in most of us, by the age of thirty, the character has set like plaster, and will never soften again.
This brings us to the question of education, whose responsibility it is to chaperone the formation of habit and curtail the very daily deliberations of which Obama has gladly rid himself:
The great thing, then, in all education, is to make our nervous system our ally instead of our enemy. It is to fund and capitalize our acquisitions, and live at ease upon the interest of the fund. For this we must make automatic and habitual, as early as possible, as many useful actions as we can, and guard against the growing into ways that are likely to be disadvantageous to us, as we should guard against the plague. The more of the details of our daily life we can hand over to the effortless custody of automatism, the more our higher powers of mind will be set free for their own proper work. There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual but indecision, and for whom the lighting of every cigar, the drinking of every cup, the time of rising and going to bed every day, and the beginning of every bit of work, are subjects of express volitional deliberation.
They proceed to offer three maxims for the successful formation of new habits:
The acquisition of a new habit, or the leaving off of an old one, we must take care to launch ourselves with as strong and decided an initiative as possible. Accumulate all the possible circumstances which shall reenforce the right motives; put yourself assiduously in conditions that encourage the new way; make engagements incompatible with the old; take a public pledge, if the case allows; in short, envelop your resolution with every aid you know. This will give your new beginning such a momentum that the temptation to break down will not occur as soon as it otherwise might; and every day during which a breakdown is postponed adds to the chances of its not occurring at all. Never suffer an exception to occur till the new habit is securely rooted in your life. Each lapse is like the letting fall of a ball of string which one is carefully winding up; a single slip undoes more than a great many turns will wind again. Continuity of training is the great means of making the nervous system act infallibly right ... It is surprising how soon a desire will die of inanition if it is never fed. Seize the very first possible opportunity to act on every resolution you make, and on every emotional prompting you may experience in the direction of the habits you
aspire to gain. It is not in the moment of their forming, but in the moment of their producing motor effects, that resolves and aspirations communicate the new 'set' to
the brain.
Of course, as is often the case with famous advice, James immediately follows up with a disclaimer that echoes Joan Didion's eloquent definition of character:
No matter how full a reservoir of maxims one may possess, and no matter how good one's sentiments may be, if one have not taken advantage of every concrete opportunity to act, one's character may remain entirely unaffected for the better. With mere good intentions, hell is proverbially paved. And this is an obvious consequence of the principles we have laid down. A 'character,' as J. S. Mill says, 'is a completely fashioned will'; and a will, in the sense in which they mean it, is an aggregate of tendencies to act in a firm and prompt and definite way upon all the principal emergencies of life. A tendency to act only becomes effectively ingrained in us in proportion to the uninterrupted frequency with which the actions actually occur, and the brain 'grows' to their use.
They make a case, once again, for the consistency of effort, offering one final maxim:
Just as, if we let our emotions evaporate, they get into a way of evaporating; so there is reason to suppose that if we often flinch from making an effort, before we know it the effort-making capacity will be gone; and that, if we suffer the wandering of our attention, presently it will wander all the time. Attention and effort are ... but two names for the same psychic fact. [...] Keep the faculty of effort alive in you by a little gratuitous exercise every day. That is, be systematically ascetic or heroic in little unnecessary points, do every day or two something for no other reason than that you would rather not do it, so that when the hour of dire need draws nigh, it may find you not unnerved and untrained to stand the test. Asceticism of this sort is like the insurance which a man pays on their house and goods. The tax does them no good at the time, and possibly may never bring them a return. But if the fire does come, theirs having paid it will be their salvation from ruin.
They caution about the gravity of our habitual choices, however small they may seem:
The physiological study of mental conditions is thus the most powerful ally of hortatory ethics. The hell to be endured hereafter, of which theology tells, is no worse than the hell we make for ourselves in this world by habitually fashioning our characters in the wrong way. Could the young but realize how soon they will become mere walking bundles of habits, they would give more heed to their conduct while in the plastic state. We are spinning our own fates, good or evil, and never to be undone. Every smallest stroke of virtue or of vice leaves It's never so little scar. ... Nothing we ever do is, in strict scientific literalness, wiped out.
James concludes with a timeless validation of grit as the secret to success:
Let no youth have any anxiety about the upshot of their education, whatever the line of it may be. If they keep faithfully busy each hour of the working-day, they may safely leave the final result to itself. They can with perfect certainty count on waking up some fine morning, to find themselves one of the competent ones of their generation, in whatever pursuit they may have singled out. Silently, between all the details of their business, the power of judging in all that class of matter will have built itself up within them as a possession that will never pass away. Young people should know this truth in advance. The ignorance of it has probably engendered more discouragement and faint-heartedness in youths embarking on arduous careers than all other causes put together.
Habit is now in the public domain and is available for free in its entirety in multiple formats.
This post also appears on Brain Pickings, an Atlantic partner site.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Jamie Harsip
Staff Writer
Who else is going to see Darren Criss on their Listen Up tour this summer?! As you already know, the VIP packages go on sale soon, and we've got the scoop behind what's in each! There are two options, and both are totally awesome:
Meet & Greet - $75 (DOES NOT INCLUDE CONCERT TICKET)
-Priority entry
-Limited edition poster
-Official VIP laminate
-M&G individual photo
-Adventures in Wonderland Concierge
Deluxe Meet & Greet - $250 (DOES NOT INCLUDE CONCERT TICKET)
-Priority entry
-Limited edition poster
-Official VIP laminate
-M&G in dressing room
-Individual photo and Polaroid
-Darren Criss gift bag
-Exclusive t-shirt
-Autograph
-Adventures In Wonderland Concierge
Once again, please note that tickets to the concert itself are NOT INCLUDED in the cost of the VIP packages and must be purchased separately on TicketMaster or LiveNation!
The ONE exception to this rule is the Nashville concert, for which tickets and VIP packages are combined!
http://www.Facebook.com/PopWrapped
http://www.SoundCloud.com/PopWrapped
http://www.Twitter.com/PopWrapped
http://www.Instagram.com/PopWrapped
http://www.Pinterest.com/PopWrapped
http://www.YouTube.com/PopWrapped
http://www.PopWrapped.com
The concept of "shared fate" might sound like a purely philosophical idea, but for many, this almost-intangible notion transitioned into the realm of truth in 2010.
In fact, "sustainability grew up in 2010," argues John Friedman, co-founder of the Sustainable Business Network of Washington (SB NOW), in part 6 of Vault.com's ongoing series "CSR 2010." They write:
The concept of shared fate – that what happens to some of us has an impact on what happens to the rest of us – is more than just a philosophical perspective. As we increasingly understand the cause and effect of our actions – particularly those that are separated by both distance and time (making it harder to observe and easier to deny) – we must become more deliberately conscious about our actions. The concept of 'not in my backyard' is obsolete in a global world; when we become aware that, even on a massive global scale, everyone's backyard is someone else's front yard.
This argument, if communicated effectively, has the potential to bridge the existing gap between advocates and every layperson--employees, managers, consumers, parents, caretakers--in understanding the real purpose behind the resounding demand for more sustainable and socially responsible business practices.
Moving the dialogue from a never-ending debate on global warming to a more reasonable--and better understood--awareness that we are consuming the resources necessary for life on this planet at an abominable rate, is going to be our biggest challenge in 2011.
Related Reading:
Why Climate Change Isn't the Best Motivator for the Unemployed
Starring Ebola-chan and their sisters, Marburg and Lloviu.
With the demise of human-kind, the eternal struggle between disease and cure seemed to be finally over. However, Cure-chan is a sore loser, and provokes the viral sisters to reignite the conflict.
Despite their triumph, the fall of humanity has left the viral gods in a weakened state. In this weakened state, some of the disease gods fall into madness and turn against their friends.
The gods must find a new source of energy if they wish to secure their future in this post-human world.
Ebola-chan, the cute viral goddess herself. Worshiped by misanthropes all around the world, they were the one primarily responsible for humanity's destruction.
Lloviu-tan, the youngest sister. They aren't infectious to humans, and likes to spend their time taking naps and having fun. Recently their health has been declining.
Marburg-sama, the soviet-enhanced biological weapon. Despite their usual cold demeanor, they have a lot of love for their sisters, and will stop at nothing to defend them.
Update 1.1 adds animated enemy sprites.
The game can be played from the Cutievirus Launcher or from the website.
If you enjoy this game, please consider purchasing it.
It is established that the suspect passed confidential information to representatives of the western special services.
As a result of the FSB special operation, Russian citizen Alexander Zhitnyuk was detained. The man is suspected of anti-state activities and spying against the Russian Federation for the United States. Zhitnyuk is already charged under Article 275 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (High Treason). A source from the law enforcement bodies told this Rosbalt.
"During the lookout of Zhitnyuk, the facts of the information transmission containing state secrets to representatives of one of the Western special services were discovered. The final recipients of this information were the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States," the source explained. In addition, the interlocutor noted that the secret data that the possible spy got, concerned the navy, but the source declined to disclose details.
In the conversation it was also mentioned that in the last few months the FSB officers recorded an unexpectedly increased activity on the part of the US special services. At the same time, active data collection about Russia is conducted not only within its borders, but also in the countries of the former USSR and Europe.
These are two of the 'Smart Mules,' Cortez and Shaq. We 'harvest' the tall grasses in many of Memphis' empty and abandoned lots. We use it as a mulch and compost for our future mini-farm on Shasta. We are fighting blight, raising neighborhood morale, engaging our local government, and investing in a future for the neighborhood, all at the same time! We have the long term vision to turn many of these 'patches' into crop patches to be farmed and harvested from, providing work to young men largely dismissed. We hope to bring back the neighborhood by placing them into homes in the neighborhood that have been neglected by distant 'investment' groups who don't pay taxes or maintain their 'investments!' It would be great if we could get the money for an additional weedeater or tractor implement! We are currently a five-man team, all from the neighborhood around the corner. Some, like Cortez and Shaq, have recently graduated but aren't following the traditional college path. Help us!
In 1819, Congress passed a law requiring that the arrival of all immigrants be recorded. Immigrant workers were needed, and the rest of the 19th century saw their numbers grow. From that period through today, America has seen waves of immigration, which Natalia Bronshtein has captured in a colorful interactive graphic.
"The point of this visualization ... is to get the big picture while preserving the ability to drill down into the details," Bronshtein tells CityLab via email. "Much has been said and written about immigration to the U.S., but I wanted to get a birds-eye view, a reification of the issue, that would help me as I explored the topic further."
When Bronshtein crunched the data from the yearbook of immigration statistics, they hadn't expected such visually dramatic results. They say two things immediately jumped out at them
First, that immigration didn't just keep inching up once the flood gates had opened—there were significant bottlenecks caused by restrictive immigration laws. The biggest can be seen right after the Immigration Act of 1924 was passed. This law restricted people from Eastern and Southern Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia from coming to America.
Ohio officials plan a multimillion-dollar facility on the outskirts of Reynoldsburg to house dozens of exotic animals that may be seized when a new state law takes effect. The center would go behind the Ohio Department of Agriculture, 8995 E. Main St.
Ohio officials are planning a multimillion-dollar facility on the outskirts of Reynoldsburg to house dozens of exotic animals and snakes that may be seized when a new state law takes effect.
The facility, which must be approved by the state Controlling Board, is planned for vacant land behind the Ohio Department of Agriculture offices, 8995 E. Main St. in Reynoldsburg.
�We went through different options, zoos, The Wilds, wildlife areas, state parkland,� said agriculture department spokesperson Erica Pitchford,
�We kept coming back to this idea of a single secure facility that is centrally located,� they said. �We really think the best, safest solution is to put something close by that we know is built to the specifications we anticipate requiring of everyone else.�
The cost and size of the exotic-animals facility have not been finalized, Pitchford said. They acknowledged it will cost in excess of $1 million. It is planned to have space for 30 to 60 animals and snakes.
The facility would be under the direction of state veterinarian Dr. Tony Forshey.
The facility is needed to take care of animals that state officials anticipate they will have to seize once an exotic animals ban kicks in Jan. 1, 2014. People who either do not obtain permits for existing animals or are not meeting state caging, signage and other requirements can expect to have them taken by the state, Pitchford said.
The exotic animals law, which was approved earlier this year, resulted from concerns about Ohio�s relatively lax rules for keeping such creatures after Terry Thompson released their menagerie of lions, tigers and other creatures near Zanesville last Oct. 18 and then killed himself.
ajohnson@dispatch.com
@ohioaj
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "I can hear gunshots... people are shooting at each other"
Police in the Philippines have taken control of a hotel and entertainment complex in Manila after it was stormed by a masked gunman.
The gunman is dead, officials said, although it is not clear how they died. It is believed they acted alone and was staging a robbery, police said.
Resorts World Manila was in lockdown after the incident, which happened after midnight local time (16:00 GMT).
Several people were reported injured as they fled the hotel in panic.
Philippines police chief Ronald dela Rosa said a lone gunman had entered the gaming area at Resorts World, fired at a television and set some gambling tables on fire.
Gunshots were fired, they said, but were not aimed at people in the room.
Image copyright EPA Image caption A police officer stands by outside the complex
The police chief told local radio station DAM the gunman had filled a bag with casino gambling chips.
But they warned that Islamist militants might falsely claim to be behind it to further their propaganda.
The Philippine military is currently battling militants allied to so-called Islamic State on the southern island of Mindanao.
"We cannot say this is an act of terror... they [the gunman] did not hurt anyone," the police chief said. "If you are a terrorist you will sow terror."
They added that no visitors to the casino had been shot and that the only injuries were from smoke inhalation, or the stampede that formed as people tried to escape.
Resorts World Manila features multiple hotels and bars, as well as a shopping centre and casino.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Amateur footage captures screaming crowds fleeing the hotel
Many witnesses took the incident for a militant assault.
Marcel Navaro, a Resorts World employee, told DZMM radio they had returned from their break to find people fleeing in panic.
"Guests were screaming. We went to the basement locker room and hid there. People were screaming, guests and employees were in panic.
"When we smelled smoke, we decided to go for the exit in the car park. That's where we got out. Before we exited, we heard two gunshots and there was thick smoke on the ground floor."
Eyewitness Hessa Isabelle filmed the scene from a nearby balcony and described seeing "people screaming and running out of the building".
Image copyright EPA Image caption A truck carrying military personnel arrives at the hotel
As the situation unfolded, the US state department tweeted a warning to citizens, stating: "Reports of explosions/gunfire at Resorts World Manila, near the Manila Intl Airport. Avoid area & monitor local news."
Ninoy Aquino International Airport, which is around a mile (1.6km) from the resort, was placed on lockdown.
President Donald Trump labelled the incident a terror attack, and offered their "thoughts and prayers" to those affected.
The incident comes as the Philippines army is fighting militants linked to the so-called Islamic State group for control of the city of Marawi on the southern island of Mindanao.
You weigh a tonne
It takes all of a tall woman's teens and the majority of their twenties to stop lying about how much they weigh. An average woman's fat weight is a tall woman's skinny weight. For some, a size 16 to 18 jacket may be a sign that they need to cut down on puddings; for a tall woman it's the only thing that will stretch across their shelving unit shoulders.
A big, healthy physique comes with a big, healthy weight. Only a long-limbed woman of five foot ten or more knows the sense of dread that occurs when a boyfriend tries to give them a firefighter's lift or jokingly pick them up on the dance floor and their subsequent red-faced wheezing while they splutter: “no, no light as a feather”. And he'll finally know that, although despite having a 29 inch waist, their partner is in the same heavyweight league as The Incredible Hulk.
You're a constant inconvenience
Whether it's the huffing, puffing, tutting of a short middle-aged man who needs a booster seat behind you at the theatre or the spitting hisses of: “she's kicking the back of my chair” from the Ryanair passenger in the row in front of you; being a six-foot blonde feels nothing like being Claudia Schiffer and entirely like being a great big bollard that no one knows how to rid of.
And, by the way everyone, we're not kicking anything - what you may be feeling on the back of your seat are our locked knee caps jammed into the minimal space of a budget airline, while our legs have to fold back underneath our own chair.
You may not get the guy
The “tall blonde” template for definitive beauty is a total myth from Nordic warrior princess folklore. Trust me - I've been single for most of my life and the height thing has never been on my side. “Striking” and “amazonian” may well do women well in stories and song lyrics or when you've got the face and proportions of a supermodel, but in reality, it intimidates and emasculates men.
Here are the words that serve you well on the dating scene: “petite” and “pretty”. I think the typical dream woman qualifications in this country are the following: brunette, pear-shaped, five foot five or under. Men, on the whole, want the girl next door. Not the girl three floors up.
EventEmitter Is An RxJS Observable Stream In Angular 2 Beta 6
Yesterday, as I was looking through the Angular 2 Beta 6 source code, I noticed that the EventEmitter class - which powers component and directive outputs - extends the RxJS Subject class. Subject then, in turn, extends both the RxJS Observer and Observable classes. This means that the EventEmitter class is essentially an RxJS observable stream. Which, of course, means that we should be able to operate on it and subscribe to it just like we would any other RxJS stream. And, since I am still learning RxJS streams, I figured this would be a good subject (no pun intended) for a quick demo.
Run this demo in my JavaScript Demos project on GitHub.
Honestly, I couldn't really think of a good use-case for this off the top of my head. So, I came up with something that is a little contrived, but I think demonstrates the possibilities. In the following code, I'm using a host binding to pipe local event coordinates into the .next() method of an EventEmitter instance. I'm then transforming and subscribing to the EventEmitter such that I can translate the mouse coordinates into CSS style properties for an element within the view.
<!doctype html>
<html>
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>
EventEmitter Is An RxJS Observable Stream In Angular 2 Beta 6
</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="./demo.css"></link>
</head>
<body>
<h1>
EventEmitter Is An RxJS Observable Stream In Angular 2 Beta 6
</h1>
<my-app>
Loading...
</my-app>
<!-- Load demo scripts. -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../vendor/angularjs-2-beta/6/es6-shim.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../vendor/angularjs-2-beta/6/Rx.umd.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../vendor/angularjs-2-beta/6/angular2-polyfills.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../vendor/angularjs-2-beta/6/angular2-all.umd.js"></script>
<!-- AlmondJS - minimal implementation of RequireJS. -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../vendor/angularjs-2-beta/6/almond.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// Defer bootstrapping until all of the components have been declared.
// --
// NOTE: Not all components have to be required here since they will be
// implicitly required by other components.
requirejs(
[ /* Using require() for better readability. */ ],
function run() {
var App = require( "App" );
ng.platform.browser.bootstrap( App );
}
);
// --------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// --------------------------------------------------------------------------- //
// I provide the root App component.
define(
"App",
function registerApp() {
// Configure the App component definition.
ng.core
.Component({
selector: "my-app",
// Instead of invoking a callback in our host binding, we're
// actually just piping the local event coordinates directly
// into the mouse stream (which we are subscribing to within
// the component controller).
host: {
"(mousemove)": "mouseStream.next({ x: $event.pageX, y: $event.pageY });"
},
template:
`
<div
class="dot"
[style.left.px]="position.left"
[style.top.px]="position.top">
</div>
`
})
.Class({
constructor: AppController
})
;
return( AppController );
// I control the App component.
function AppController() {
var vm = this;
// I hold the position of the dot within the bounds of the component.
vm.position = {
left: -50,
top: -50
};
// As the user moves the mouse, we are going to pipe those (x,y)
// coordinates into this EventEmitter instance.
// --
// NOTE: This is populated with .next() values by the host-binding
// on the app component host element.
vm.mouseStream = new ng.core.EventEmitter();
// Since EventEmitter inherits from RxJS.Subject, which in turn
// inherits from RxJS.Observable, it means that the EventEmitter, in
// Angular 2, is actually an Observable sequence. Which, of course,
// means that we can operate on it and subscribe to it. In this
// stream, we're going to transform the raw mouse coordinates into
// coordinates that can be used to update the view.
// --
// NOTE: This stream is far more complicated than it needs to be - I
// am simply seizing this as an opportunity to experiment with stream
// mechanics and operators.
vm.mouseStream
// Offset the coordinates away from the mouse.
.map(
function offsetFromCursor( coordinate ) {
return({
x: ( coordinate.x - 25 ),
y: ( coordinate.y - 20 )
});
}
)
// Snap the coordinates to a 25x25 grid system.
.map(
function snapToGrid( coordinate ) {
var gridSize = 25;
return({
x: ( coordinate.x - ( coordinate.x % gridSize ) ),
y: ( coordinate.y - ( coordinate.y % gridSize ) )
});
}
)
// Don't pass on the next coordinate value until it has moved
// to another box in the grid system (this one really isn't
// necessary, I'm just experimenting with streams).
.distinctUntilChanged(
function comparator( a, b ) {
return( ( a.x === b.x ) && ( a.y === b.y ) );
}
)
// Log out the value that is being passed onto the subscriber.
// This does not affect the outcome of the value chain.
.do(
function asideNext( value ) {
console.log( "Passing through (%s,%s).", value.x, value.y );
}
)
// Here, we are actually subscribing to the stream of
// coordinates which we are using to update the position of the
// Dot in the view.
// --
// CAUTION: If this were a real-world scenario, we'd have to
// capture this subscription and then unsubscribe to it in the
// ngOnDestroy() life-cycle event handler.
.subscribe(
function handleNext( coordinate ) {
vm.position = {
left: coordinate.x,
top: coordinate.y
};
}
)
;
}
}
);
</script>
</body>
</html>
As you can see, I'm taking the EventEmitter instance and (by way of chaining) I'm calling the following methods on it:
.map()
.map()
.distinctUntilChanged()
.do()
.subscribe() -> Returns a subscription which we are ignoring.
Basically, I'm treating it like it's an RxJS observable stream because, well, it is. And, when we run this code and move the mouse around, we get the following output:
The EventEmitter class powers the directive output bindings. So, I have no doubt that this "EventEmitter as RxJS stream" concept is actually powering a lot of functionality behind the scenes, below the surface of the framework. But, now that we know that it can be leveraged explicitly, it will be fun to see where else event-powered streams can make sense in our Angular 2 applications.
Tweet This Great article by @BenNadel - EventEmitter Is An RxJS Observable Stream In Angular 2 Beta 6 Woot woot — you rock the party that rocks the body!
A Baltimore firefighter was among two people shot Friday afternoon near a Northwest Baltimore fire station, police said.
The firefighter was shot in the hand and the second man was struck in the leg; neither wound was life-threatening, said T.J. Smith, chief spokesperson for the Baltimore Police Department. The names of the victims were not released.
The shooting occurred in the 3900 block of Liberty Heights Ave., near the Marion C. Bascom Fire Station.
Interim Police Commissioner Kevin Davis called the shooting brazen and arrogant.
"It's unacceptable," they said on the corner of Liberty Heights and Garrison avenues, which was blocked off by yellow crime scene tape as afternoon traffic was rerouted.
Davis said the shooter, whom police have not identified, got into a dispute at a nearby phone store, and when they left started shooting at it. The suspect saw the firefighter, along with a 65-year-old man, and turned and fired at them, Davis said. No shots were fired inside the store.
The suspect ran west down Liberty Heights toward the fire station. Police are asking anyone who can help identify the shooter to call homicide detectives at 410-396-2100. Davis said homicide detectives are investigating because one of the victims was an on-duty city employee.
The city firefighters union said in a Facebook post that it does not believe the firefighter was targeted, and Davis said it is unclear why the suspect fired at the two men.
"We fully intend on exhausting every resource that we have, every relationship that we have with this community to identify them and bring them to justice," Davis said.
Lamont Brown, owner of nearby Town Automatic Transmission, said they heard just one shot over the noise in their shop.
"I saw all these cops and I didn't know what was going on," they said, until a passer-by said a firefighter had been shot. "It's pretty quiet around here."
Brown said they are concerned about the surge in violence across the city in recent months.
"When is it going to stop?" they asked.
jkanderson@baltsun.com
jfenton@baltsun.com
From October 2010 to the end of 2011, a 3D, open-ended sandbox game with last-generation graphics, no set rules, and a high degree of user-generated content (including collaborative multiplayer content) made $80 million in revenue. No, I'm not talking about Second Life, though I could just as well be, because SL earns about $75 million in revenue a year. I'm talking about Minecraft:
Developer Mojang recently quantified its success, noting that the game brought in pre-tax revenues of $80 million (540 million Swedish krona) in the 15 months following Mojang's official debut in October 2010, reports Swedish tech site NyTeknik.
So an indie game which was basically created by one guy at launch grossed as much revenue as a virtual world/game platform with around 200 employees. Also instructive: Most of Second Life's revenue comes from private landowners, meaning about 5,500 people provide most of this money, while almost all of Minecraft's revenue comes from individual players who paid to register their copy. (In the first 15 months, about 5 million folks, give or take.)
While this point might seem like a slam on Second Life, I'm actually making it to say there's good news for SL:
Previously on Pretty Little Liars, Emily tore their shoulder off the hinges recusing Mona and Aria from Red Coat, and then swam their face right into a pool wall because they sneaked one too many Vicodins out from under Pam's pill-counting dominion. Shana took Emily's spot on the swim team and played their violin up in Emily's grill and dated JennaBot and also probably got to at least second base with Paige back during Ems' Habitat for Haiti days, so they became Enemy Number One. After brainwashing Hanna into thinking they killed Det. Wilden — at Hanna's own behest, by the way — Mona confessed to killing Det. Wilden for who even knows how many reasons, but definitely among them was the fact that is in love with Hanna. And Spencer tried so hard to give a single crap about Toby's dead mom, but just couldn't do it. I know I've mentioned it lots of times before, but lots of times is still not enough: Janel Parrish is a magician, dudes. In any given episode, they are playing three to five characters (who are sometimes characters wearing masks of the faces of other characters). So, like, right now she's playing Mona playing Fake Mona who is confused and intimidated by the police who are taking their murder confession. She's getting some of the facts right and some of the facts wrong, on purpose, one presumes. They keep their Regular Human Teenager face on for most of the time, before grinning that Adrenalized Hyperreality Half-Smirk at the wall. Why'd they do it? “I just couldn't let my best friend's mom go to prison for a crime they didn't commit!” (Translation: “This shit is getting me one step closer to gay marrying Hanna Marin.”) The best part, though: RPD Detective: You sneaked out of Radley Institute for the Criminally Insane?!??
Mona: Seriously? I sneaked to both of Pluto's moons when you stepped out for a cup of coffee a second ago. Hanna and Spencer are curled up on the couch like some kittens when Veronica Hastings interrupts their mid-morning nap to ask if they put Mona up to this confessional business. They say that they did not, but Spencer's face says they wish she'd thought to put Mona up to it and Hanna's face says they accidentally probably put Mona up to it just by nature of being so PinkDrinkable. Spencer calls Aria to fill them in on Mona's confession, but Kung Fu Jake is changing shirts behind an open window and it's driving Aria to absolute distraction. One of the reasons I love #BRVC so much is because watching TV with people who are like me is such a comfort and a relief. For example, #BRVC goes bananas if Troian's voice drops even one half of a notch, but no one even noticed Jake was half-naked in this scene. My sister pointed it out to me after the episode and upon rewatch I can confirm that yes, Jake's abs and shoulder and biceps were the things making Aria even less interested than usual in the perpetual murders of their best friends. She's all, “…niiiippples.” And Spencer goes, “What? Did you just say nipples? What are you doing right now?” And Aria's like, “Uh, no. Nippy. Nippy, is what I said. It's nippy in prison. Mona should take a sweater.” Paige and Emily are on a little hike which is a thing they like to do sometimes as a reminder that one time they went on a walk in the woods and found out they'd gotten trapped in a poisoned flask roofie loop, and they survived that, didn't they? So they can survive anything! Paige is anti-Mona because she's not really happy right now with people who hit other people with cars, on account of it putting a real damper on the next step in their 50-year plan with Emily. Speaking of which, Paige has set up a meeting for Emily with an Olympic swimming coach as an early birthday present so they can explore the various ways they can make a future of doing what they love in the pool and doing who they love in their shared dorm room. And then Paige does the worst thing they have ever done. In all of their life. They one time held Emily's head underwater in the pool, but that is nothing compared to this thing. They invite Emily to their aunt's lake house for quiet evening alone, but it is a lie!  They are really inviting them there for a surprise party of like six thousand people! Paige, no! No! I mean, maybe I'm just projecting here, but I hate surprises and I hate big groups and if Paige McCullers says we can have a quiet evening free of tampering with evidence and without cars driving through the walls, I am going to consider that actual heaven, so don't dangle it in front of my face and then snatch it away and replace it with six thousand random not-Paiges!
+Comment The government's "Year Of Code" scheme to bring computer programming into schools for children as young as five has degenerated into a political bunfight.
"The word 'coding' has been hijacked and abused by politicians and media who don't understand stuff,” the Raspberry Pi foundation's director of educational development and a former teacher, Clive Beale, tweeted at the weekend.
The scheme has also raised the profile of a network of companies and consultants who'll ultimately profit from the "teach kids to code" gravy train.
Additionally, it has left candidates who consider themselves rather better qualified out in the cold - and they're not happy. Emma Mulqueeny of Young Rewired State, who has spent six years organising youth coding events, says they were invited to advise the board only two days before last week's launch - and has now resigned.
What is YoC?
The Year of Code scheme adds £500,000 to the £3m already pledged to dinosaur trade group the British Computer Society to teach 400 teachers coding skills - so they can teach every other teacher in the country.
The initiative's chairperson is Rohan Silva, a Philosophy, Politics and Economics graduate and former advisor to the Prime Minister who rebranded "Silicon Roundabout" as "Tech City" and is an enthusiast for all things shiny and Googly. But after an interview on BBC's Newsnight with the YoC's chief on Wednesday – widely described as a "car crash" - potential enthusiasts are backing away.
Code chief can't actually code
On Newsnight, the Year of Code chief executive Lottie Dexter invited comparisons with The IT Crowd's Jen as they breezily admitted they couldn't write any code themselves - while insisting being able to program was vital to "to understand how the world works" - a skill as vital as reading writing and maths - and could be learned in a day.
"It doesn't mean anything to you, or indeed to me yet because I don't know how to code,” they told a startled Jeremy Paxman. You can see the exchanges here - the segment starts at 17m:55s and is available in the UK for another day.
Or here:
So what made Silva choose Lottie Dexter to lead the initiative? It's hard to tell. They completed their politics degree in 2010 and formerly worked as the PR chief for the Conservative think-tank founded by Iain Duncan-Smith, the Centre for Social Justice. The only other work experience they cite on their LinkedIn page is as a campaigner: director of the "A Million Jobs" campaign, a "charity" that spontaneously emerged to support government-friendly business policies.
How a VC strategy created the 'kids coding' hype
The scheme has already attracted some press attention for its incestuous relationships. Year of Code's asupervisorstioned chairperson, Rohan Silva, is "Entrepreneur in Residence" at Index Ventures, a London-based tech VC company. It is a post created for them by the firm's partner and the UK's "tech envoy" to Israel, Saul Klein.
Index Ventures partner Klein is also on the board of Year of Code. The launch event featured a Moshi Monsters-themed "learning game" developed by Kano Computing, an educational hardware startup co-founded by Klein. Other Year of Code supporters include brand management firm Albion, Songkick, and Codecademy - all of which happen to be supported by Index Ventures, with Klein sitting on the board of each one.
The coding hype-gasm
Codecademy, which should benefit from the "teach kids code" hype, is a US training company that teaches web coding. The Wall Street Journal's AllThingsD noted that Index Ventures' investment Codecademy had "helped kick off the 'everyone should learn to code!' meme".
The participation of the VC staffers in the government's Year of Code initiative resembles a classic "pick and shovel" investment strategy. In a "pick-and-shovel play", an investor hopes to profit from increased demand and services for a particular sector. It's all the better for them if they can hype the sector, increasing the demand for those services.
But no pick-and-shovel investor can hype its product on its own. You need the media to help you. And even the BBC is on the act. Rather than examining the relationships of some of those involved in the "Year of Code", or the claims made on behalf of "coding for all" in schools, it's funding its own "Year of Code".
Or at least, a year of spending money on mucking about with iPads - in this writer's view, one of the few "jobs" its middle managers and digital executives actually can do.
It's true that the sums discussed here are trifling compared to the £1bn thrown at ICT in the UK schools over the five years to 2012 - with £487m spent on IT equipment and services in 2009-2010. But it could also be argued that instead of being driven by genuine demand, "coding in schools" is being driven by investors and the consulting class. ®
By
Yesterday, we showed what it looked like in the booth as Bob Miller and Jim Fox called the Kings first goal vs. the Devils in Game 6 of the Stanley Cup Final.
Now, thanks again to the team over at Kings Vision, we get to share some never-before-seen footage from that game. Here's Nick Nickson and Daryl Evans making the call on the Kings second marker during that epic 5-minute major power play…
To see our interview with Nick Nickson on the ice moments after the Kings won the Stanley Cup, click here…you can also find the interview with Bob Miller here.
And for a really great story about Evans when they went to a team bonding event at the ranch of AEG owner Phil Anschutz, click here for Nickson setting up the story and then here for Daryl telling their side of things.
Follow @mayorNHL
Title: After Earth
Sure Seems Like It Took A Long Time For The Kid Of A Hollywood A-Lister To Make The Big Time: Don't let Kiefer Sutherland or Scott Caan hear you say that.
Rating Using Random Objects Relevant To The Film: Two copies of George Michael's "Father Figure" single out of five.
Continue Reading
Brief Plot Synopsis: In what had to be the worst adolescence on record, the teenage son of a legendary soldier is forced to deal with their daddy issues while simultaneously being pursued by murderous predators on post-apocalyptic Earth.
Tagline: "Danger is real. Fear is a choice."
Better Tagline: "Had a dad, big and strong."
Not So Brief Plot Synopsis: In the near future, everything Al Gore warned us about comes true and humankind flees Earth to settle on the interstellar colony of Nova Prime. Once there, humans find themselves at war with an alien race and their killer pets (the Ursa), with only the Ranger Corps to defend them. Now, 1,000 years hence, the greatest of these Rangers is their general Cypher Raige (Will Smith) -- no, really -- who, in an attempt to bond with their cadet son Kitai (Jaden Smith), brings them along on a mission. As luck would have it, they crash land on Earth, where the indigenous fauna, apparently pissed after several millennia of abuse, have "evolved to kill humans."
See It/Rent It/Skip It: Skip it. Will Smith has enough money.
"Critical" Analysis: The easy shot to take at After Earth is: "Hey, it's an M. Night Shyamalan movie that isn't The Sixth Sense or Unbreakable; of course it sucks." Except in this case I don't think it's entirely theirs fault.
For starters, the story is Will Smith's baby, inspired by -- no, really -- the show I Shouldn't Be Alive, only instead of son going for help in the woods after their dad is injured in a car crash, Smith decided sci-fi it up a little. The script was a collaboration between Book of Eli screenwriter Gary Whitta and Shyamalan, but also featured input from Stephen Syriana Gaghan and Mark Zero Dark Thirty Boal. That's a pretty impressive assortment of potential culprits.
So I can't tell you who's to blame for things like General "Raige" being literally one mission from retirement, or the fact that most future Earth experiences a hard freeze every single night, yet is still lushly forested, or how species could evolve over the course of a mere thousand years to get a serious hate on for human beings, when no humans have been on the planet that entire time.
Then again, cringeworthy dialogue -- Raige tells Kitai to "center themselves in the now" or some such -- certainly has that M. Night feel. As does the extended interlude when Raige explains to their son how they learned the art of "ghosting" (the blind Ursa hunt using human's fear pheromones, which Raige was the first to learn how to control), which is ridiculously reminiscent of "Swing away" from Signs.
Similarly, the entire setup feels exactly like what someone would come up with after deciding their father-son car crash idea needed a more tentpole treatment. The scenes depicting Earth's demise are offered perfunctorily, as is the description of humankind's current status, delivered almost as an afterthought as Kitai lays dying (well, poisoned).
But we can't blame Shyamalan for bad acting (mostly because they didn't famously try to inset themselves into the narrative this time around). Will Smith isn't terrible, and it's interesting to see the action star relegated to second tier status thanks to Raige's suffering two broken legs in the crash. Unfortunately, that means Jaden has to carry the movie, and ... he's just not up to the task. By turns wooden, petulant, and more wooden, the kid lacks any of their dad's easy charisma. Maybe he'll grow into it, but there's no evidence of that here.
As an M. Night Shyamalan movie, After Earth is far from the worst, but taken on its own merits, it's simply not very good.
After Earth is in theaters today. I think I'd rather have gotten an Independence Day sequel.
According to one accepted view, living a life without language would be a lot like building a house without a tape measure: we can absolutely do it—there's nothing magical about centimeters or feet, after all—but having one is surely more efficient than eyeballing everything, or conjuring up one's own unit of measurement (bales of hay, perhaps, or footsteps). This is especially true when it comes time to order materials.
But, as I hinted in last week's column aboutWhorfianism, some very smart people believe that language does more than assist us in sorting our own thoughts and communicating them to others. My favorite study supporting this view was published in 2007 by Jonathan Winawer (then at MIT, now at Stanford) and their colleagues. The researchers recruited a group of native English speakers and a second group of native Russian speakers for a simple computer-based color discrimination task. In this task, participants were repeatedly presented with three blue squares arranged in a triangle. The squares ranged in shade from very light blue to very dark blue, and one of them—the top one—was always identical in color to one of the others. Participants were instructed to decide which of the bottom squares matched it, and to press one key for “the square on the right” or another for “the square on the left” as quickly as possible.
Now, in Russian, the colors light blue and dark blue have different names, and are as different as pink and red are in English. Were a Russian speaker to use a single term for both, they would be seen as weird and annoying. But in English, with the possible exception of towel manufacturers (who must master the terms breeze, Pacific, quartz, steel, hydrangea, Hawaii, lagoon, marina, peacock, crystal, denim, and of course, bluestone), all blues are just blue.
The researchers reasoned that the matching task would be easier for participants if the two different colors had different names. That is, they predicted that the Russian speakers would be faster to discriminate between a light blue and a dark blue than between two shades that were equidistant from one another on the color spectrum but would nonetheless be classified using the same lexical term (e.g., a very pale light blue and a darker light blue). The English speakers, on the other hand, should find the two decisions equally difficult. And this is precisely that pattern that the researchers found.
This finding is so intriguing because it suggests that language doesn't just serve as a handy mnemonic for recalling and sharing complex events. No, the way the Russians categorized the colors via language seemed to affect how they perceived those colors. This, in a simple task that didn't explicitly involve language at all—in a task, indeed, where participants couldn't have consciously accessed the color terms even if they wanted to: they didn't have the time.
But the operative word here is “consciously” because linguistic knowledge was definitely being accessed. When the same task was repeated, but participants were given an additional instruction to silently recite a string of numbers, the effect disappeared. Why? Repeating “1, 2, 6, 8, 7, 3, 4 … 1, 2, 6, 8, 7, 3, 4 …” is linguistically demanding: without using language, we just can't remember a string like this. But when our linguistic knowledge is put to use reciting numbers, it's not available for other things, like categorizing colors.
Such studies suggest that the metaphor of language as tool might not be sufficient. Beyond helping us build that house, language—if ever so slightly, and if we're not too busy silently rehearsing something else—may change how we see the house in the first place.
"The most tragic thing about all this is that I've killed the most famous personality in Sweden," Erik Korsås told The Local on Friday afternoon.
"I feel really awful; this thing could have been a Swedish superstar. It could have had a career in Hollywood."
Trademark humour from the 48-year-old, and it has helped their story about a 40-centimetre dead rat spread across the entire world.
Indeed, ever since The Local was the first to publish the story in English on Wednesday morning, the phones haven't stopped ringing. The BBC, the Daily Mail, Fox News and many more... all wanting to know more about the Rat from Hell, which is now also known as the Viking Rat, Ratzilla, and the Putin Rat. In fact, one BBC reporter told us that their version of the story had over one million readers.
More often than not, reporters let their imagination run wild, with one Australian paper trumpeting in its headline that a "Monster rat measuring a metre long" was terrifying the Swedish family.
"I don't know where they got one metre from... I guess things just get bigger as they travel," Korsås said with a hearty laugh.
The 48-year-old themselves hasn't got off the phone either, with requests from Chinese newspapers and German TV stations to deal with this afternoon alone.
"It's a bit hard to understand really, there are so many things happening in the world and people want to read about giant rats."
But it's not all good news. Some people have accused the Swede of photoshopping the picture while others claim the Solna resident is guilty of animal cruelty after they posed for a picture with the deceased Ratzilla.
"I'm not a cruel person and that was never my intention. It's typical that people look for different angles on these kinds of things."
And as the weekend approaches, Korsås admitted that they were ready for a rat-free rest.
"And let me tell you, if we should get another rat, I wouldn't tell anyone about it. This is good enough."
Tomorrow, the United States will inaugurate its first black president, Barack Obama. In honor of this watershed moment in American history, I thought we should pay tribute to another African-American trailblazer: the first black video game character. After some searching, I believe I've found him.
Thirty years ago (1979), the first obviously black video game character appeared in Basketball, programmed by Alan Miller for the Atari 800 home computer. That same year, a black basketball player also appeared in Atari Basketball in the arcade. Which came first is, at present, uncertain, but the 800 version had a distinguishing characteristic: it was in color. Interestingly, the arcade game only rendered its graphics in black and white, so the Atari 800's black basketball star — let's call them John Q. Basketball — broke the color barrier in more ways than one.
Atari released an earlier version of Basketball for the Atari 2600 in 1978, but it depicted the players in solid shades of purple and yellow, owing to the 2600's limited palette. Prior to the Atari 800, home game consoles lacked the technical sophistication to display much detail. By 1979, improved graphics technology allowed programmers to more accurately reproduce skin tones, including those of African-Americans.
Three versions of Atari Basketball compared (click for more detail)
It's likely that some black characters appeared in printed video game literature (i.e. instruction and service manuals) as illustrations prior to 1979, but Basketball for the Atari 800 was the first time you could actually tell that a black person was being represented in-game.
Some folks claim that Activision's Boxing for the Atari 2600 created the first black character, but that statement has two problems: (1) Boxing was released in 1980 (after Basketball), and (2) the character represented in Boxing is not obviously racially black.
In a personal anecdote, Basketball for the Atari 800 was the first video game I remember playing, ever. As a very young child (3-4 years old), my brother and I would compete against each other, although their superiority at Basketball would drive me nuts. They could always steal the ball from me no matter how hard I tried to keep it, make a fast break, and score. I also remember being amused at how funny it was to just jump in place, or to make it look like your player was jumping on the other player's head. Ah, those were the days. But I digress.
On this Martin Luther King Jr. Day, let's raise a toast to John Q. Basketball, the Jackie Robinson of video games, for adding a little more color to the world of digital entertainment. We should also thank Alan Miller for putting them in the game.
[ Special thanks to Sijmen Schouten (aka Mr-Atari) for providing the Atari 800 basketball box scan seen at the top of this article. ]
Update: 01/25/2009 – Brian Deuel has alerted me that Sega's Heavyweight Champ from 1976 contains a character that could be black, although it's really hard to tell for certain. If that's true, then Heavyweight Champ might host the earliest black video game character we know of. Still, the fellow in Basketball for the 800 is the first obviously black video game character in color.
BTS in attendance during the 24th Seoul Music Award.
BTS is heading to the 2017 Billboard Music Awards. The seven-member idol group has seen a steady rise in their popularity in the America, and is now expected to brush shoulders with some of the biggest global acts in the music industry.
Advertisement
BTS is nominated in the Top Social Artist category at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards. Other nominees for the award include Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Shawn Mendes.
The "Blood, Sweat & Tears" singers are the first K-Pop group to ever receive a nomination from the Billboard Music Awards. According to allkpop, PSY was the first Korean singer to be nominated. In 2013, they were nominated in five categories, including Best New Artist and Top Streaming Song for "Gangnam Style."
The event, which will be held at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on May 21, will be BTS' first US red carpet, Billboard reports.
The group's nomination in the said category comes in no surprise, considering that BTS is on their 23rd week at the number 1 spot on the Social 50 chart, as of May 6. Interestingly, The Shorty Awards also recognized the group's well-curated social media accounts, which landed them a nomination in the Music Category of the Shorty Awards. They were up against Ariana Grande, Drake and Twenty One Pilots for the said award. BTS bested the other contenders in the category, and received the award in April.
BTS currently have 5.4 million followers on Twitter, and the group was recently hailed the most viewed K-Pop group in YouTube history. BTS has generated a combined 4 billion views on all of their videos, including music videos and fan-taken content.
Some of their most-viewed videos such as "Dope" and "Fire" have amassed 379 million and 368 million views, respectively.
Meanwhile, BTS just recently wrapped up their North American tour and are embarking on their Asian Tour.
Adelaide prisoners on trial for allegedly drugging, raping cellmate
Posted
Two Adelaide prisoners accused of restraining and raping an inmate in a shared cell have gone on trial in the District Court.
Matthew James Stone, 30, and Corey Daniel Jeffrey, 26, pleaded not guilty to supplying a prescription drug and four counts of rape.
It was alleged that while in a three-man cell at Yatala Labour Prison in November 2014, the two inmates threatened to bash a younger cellmate and forced them to smoke a drug before taking it in turns to rape him.
Prosecutor Chris Edge told the jury the alleged victim, who was 20 years old at the time, was frightened and was locked in the cell with the two other men.
"On that Wednesday evening during lockdown when the three men were alone in the cell, it's alleged the two accused forcibly restrained and repeatedly raped [the complainant]," Mr Edge told the jury.
"The two accused were both older and quite a bit bigger than him, [the complainant] is a small fairly juvenile looking young man."
The court heard the prescription drug the men allegedly forced on the complainant caused them to become dizzy and light-headed.
Mr Edge said the man was allegedly threatened and told not to tell anyone, but later told a cellmate when they were moved to a different division.
The trial continues.
Topics: prisons-and-punishment, law-crime-and-justice, sexual-offences, courts-and-trials, adelaide-5000, sa, australia
This article is also available in: Shqip Македонски Bos/Hrv/Srp
Srebrenica commemoration march in Prizren.
Hundreds of people from Kosovo's various ethnic communities marched through Prizren on Thursday and children released white doves to commemorate the thousands of Bosniaks from Srebrenica killed by Bosnian Serb forces in July 1995.
“With this march, we joined organisations all over the civilised world that are marking [the anniversary], to commemorate the most terrible events that happened in the 20th century,” said Nesim Kalajdzini from Bosnjak KS, one of two Kosovo Bosniak NGOs that organised the event.
“What happened in Srebrenica it has one name only, and that is genocide,” Kalajdzini said.
Kosovo's parliament also held a minute of silence for the Srebrenica victims on Thursday before its regular session.
In the Croatian capital Zagreb, an exhibition of photographs from the mass graves where Srebrenica victims were buried will open on Friday evening at the Klovicevi Dvori gallery to commemorate the anniversary.
British photographer Tim Loveless took the pictures as a part of the Hague Tribunal's Srebrenica investigation team.
“I hope that they really show not just the horror of violent death, but also the extraordinary individuality and dignity of the victims,” Loveless said.
The exhibition was organised by the Pula office of the Sense news agency and Zagreb-based NGO Documenta. Also on display will be material about the Srebrenica genocide from Sense's documentation centre.
Eight people including four Croatian war veterans meanwhile took part in a five-day, 227-kilometre-long walk from Vukovar to Srebrenica this week, arriving at the memorial centre for the victims of the massacres on Friday.
They started out at the site of the biggest mass grave in Croatia, Ovcara, where at least 200 Croats were executed in November 1991, after Vukovar fell to the Yugoslav People's Army and Serb paramilitary groups. The walk was organised by Zagreb's Bosniak minority council.
Tuesday night on MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show, former Baltimore police officer Neill Franklin called on President Barack Obama to push for drug policy reform.
Franklin, the director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition, told Maddow that the recently approved marijuana legalization referenda in Colorado and Washington state were a win for both law enforcement and users of the drug.
“It's a win-win because it has been drug prohibition like with marijuana that has driven a wedge in between police and community,” they explained. “Number one, police can get back to the business that they want to do and that is to protect people from violent people — rape, robbery, murder, crimes against our children, domestic violence. We can get back to the business of that.”
“Most of us didn't sign on this job to arrest people for smoking pot,” Franklin continued. “It gives us an opportunity to repair the damage that has been done between police and community. You know, racial profiling, the foundation for racial profiling today in this country is the drug war.”
“The drug war just doesn't work anymore. There's not one piece of it that works. We have more drugs in our community than ever before. It's very costly, four decades, $1.3 trillion. Our prisons are bursting at the seams with black and brown people. We need a change, and it's time for the president to lead on this one.”
Obama said last year that they were not in favor of marijuana legalization, but did think federal drug policy should focus less on incarceration and enforcement, and more on medical treatment and harm reduction.
Watch video, courtesy of MSNBC, below:
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
By Phil Mercer
BBC, Sydney
The frozen chicken missiles have damaged several homes
Residents in the city of Newcastle believe the birds may have fallen from an aircraft or been fired by pranksters using a slingshot.
Two homes have been damaged since the mystery began.
When a headless chicken crashed on to a suburban house in Newcastle last month, most people thought it had fallen from a low-flying aircraft.
It's raining hen
Newspaper headline
Such was the damage to the roof that experts are convinced the carcass must have plummeted at least 1,600 feet (490 metres).
A physics professor at Newcastle University has pointed the finger at local wags, armed with a giant slingshot or catapult.
The mystery has delighted headline writers around Australia.
Among the gems were "It's raining hen" and "Crashing chooks ruffle residents' feathers"!
The police have admitted they do not have much to go on - apart from two very squashed chickens.
The attitude and arrogance of Buddy Dyer's administration is evident once again, as the highly paid city attorney Mayanne Downs dismissed well-liked Orange County Commissioner Pete Clarke as a “rogue commissioner” in newly obtained emails. Downs emailed several senior Orlando City Hall officials, including Dyer's Chief of Staff Frank Billingsley, urging them to ignore Commissioner Clarke's attempts to start a discussion on how to save historic Tinker Field last year. Dyer eventually demolished and destroyed the historic site without working with Orange County leaders to save it, and now uses Tinker Field as a parking lot for Citrus Bowl events as well as a liquor bar instead of as a historic landmark.
“Let's not let a rogue commissioner (who isn't even ours) rush us into a premature discussion and recommendation,” Downs emailed.
“Agree,” Billingsley responded just ten minutes later.
At the time, County Commissioner Clarke was leading the way to represent the interests of many throughout the community who wanted to preserve the 100 years of history associated with Tinker Field. “I just really wanted things to slow down and have a true dialogue,” Commissioner Clarke said in an exclusive interview. “Sadly, I don't think a real dialogue ever did happen.”
Dyer's personal friend and top city attorney Mayanne Downs, who also continues to work at the GrayRobinson law firm, is likely a big reason why it never happened. Downs' blatant disrespect and dismissal of another elected official is another example of what's wrong in Orlando City Hall.
“I would never in my wildest dreams write an email like that about a City Commissioner or another elected official,” Commissioner Clarke told me. “There's no reason to do something like that.”
But that doesn't mean Commissioner Clarke isn't wearing it as a badge of honor now that the emails are exposing Downs' comments.
“At the same time, I look at it as kind of honor to be called rogue,” they added. “I feel like what I was doing was important and it obviously made them take notice. I'm proud of that.”
But it is clear the Dyer administration never intended to work with Commissioner Clarke or Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs to save historic Tinker Field. Clarke's leadership on the County Commission led Mayor Jacobs to write Buddy Dyer on official business seeking answers regarding the Tinker Field process. Official city records proved that Orlando Venues Director Allen Johnson included false and misleading information in their official response to Orange County on behalf of Dyer. There was also nothing “premature” about Dyer's plans to demolish the historic site, which were well-documented for months leading up to Commissioner Clarke's calls for a community solution.
“I just wish the City had told us ahead of time that this was their real plan,” Clarke said. “We never had a solid discussion about Tinker Field and that's a loss for the community.”
Despite the apparent inflated egos of Dyer's top staff, officials like Mayanne Downs will not create problems for Clarke, who is seeking re-election to the County Commission this year, from working with City Commissioners. Nor will Downs' comments get between them working in a professional manner to seek solutions on local issues.
“The city commissioners who I work with that overlap in my district are good people and we have a great working relationship,” Clarke said.
Commissioner Clarke also laughed off the criticism from City Hall officials. “It's almost like it was Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation, in fact now I may want to go watch that movie again,” Commissioner Clarke joked.
There is also a clear difference between how the Dyer administration runs the City Council and how Mayor Jacobs runs the County Commission. “I'm glad Mayor Jacobs' administration took action and attempted to start conversation quickly after we raised concerns,” Clarke said. “I think we have very, very good dialogue at the County Commission. At the County Commission we have the chance to speak our mind. It's a chance to speak our mind on the issues, but also a chance for our constituents to get to know what we're doing and what we're thinking. It's a very important step of the process to me.”
An important step of the process that was always missing from Dyer's approach at the City Council. Byron Brooks, the city's Chief Administrative Officer, explained in a previous email to Downs and Billingsley that they informed Orange County staffers that city officials “would not be in position to provide anything to the County until our policymakers act.” They added they believed “we should stay with that position,” in a clear attempt to avoid working with Orange County on developing a recommendation. Downs said they “completely” agreed with Brooks.
Clarke's leadership on the County Commission has positioned them as a man of the people. Their approach to local politics and their constituents is a welcome breath of fresh air.
“At the end of the day, it was definitely worth the effort and I wish we would have prevailed,” Clarke noted. “I would rather have had a field sitting there. I always said I wanted a place, not a plaque. I've tried to do the best job I can and I'm enjoying it. There will be a lot more important issues ahead and I'm going to keep working hard on behalf of the community.”
(CNN) The family of one of the 26 people shot and killed in a Texas church Sunday morning appeared on CNN's "New Day" Tuesday with a simple message: "No more guns."
Evangelina Santos, whose brother Richard Rodriguez died in the attack in the small town of Sutherland Springs, choked back tears as they told anchor Alisyn Camerota, "Anybody can carry a gun now, even crazy people. Tell the President that. No more guns."
Santos's niece, Regina Rodriguez, was also emotional as they explained that they were unsure how to tell them five children what happened to their grandfather.
"I just explain to all my kids that he's in heaven," they said. "I don't know what else to do."
The younger Rodriguez continued, "Everybody tells me I need to be strong because I have children and I'm trying, but I don't feel strong. I don't feel strong. That was my dad."
Read More
A look at some of the weird and wonderful things that have washed up on beaches around the globe.
Most bizarre things to wash up on the beach 0:46
SEVERED feet encased in trainers have been mysteriously washing up along the coast of the Salish Sea between Canada and the US for the past decade, generating countless theories but no definitive answers.
Now the phenomenon is back in the headlines with the discovery of yet another disembodied foot — the 18th since 2007.
The latest grisly find was made by a man walking their dog in British Columbia on December 8, according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP).
The pair was strolling on a beach in Jordan River, 30km northwest of Sooke on Vancouver Island when the animal came across the foot — with part of the leg still attached — inside a trainer, an RCMP spokesperson said.
They called authorities, who sealed off the area and sent a coroner down to seize the limb while a search was carried out, unsuccessfully, for the rest of the body.
British Columbia Coroners Services spokesperson Andy Watson said a preliminary analysis indicated the remains were human.
There have been so many cases of pranksters stuffing trainers with animal remains like chicken bones over the years that authorities no longer make the obvious assumption.
The coroner will now work to determine the identity of the deceased, how the person died and whether it was accidental, a suicide or homicide, Mr Watson told The Star.
The first severed foot was found on August 20, 2007. It was a right foot, size 12, encased in a shoe made in India. Authorities were able to link the foot to a male who suffered from depression, concluding they most likely committed suicide in or near water.
Of the 18 feet and shoes found, only two have been matched together.
On February 7 last year a hiker found a running shoe that contained a human foot in a sock at Botanical Beach near Port Renfrew. Five days later, a beachcomber found a second running shoe and contacted authorities.
The Coroners Service confirmed they belonged to the same person, but that person's identity is still not known.
The shoes involved are men's New Balance runners, size 12 and blue and black. This type of shoe was first sold in North America in March, 2013, which suggest the shoes' owner died at some point between March, 2013 and December, 2015, according to the Global News.
The Coroners Service has been able to identify eight feet that have washed up locally, linking them to six people. They do not believe any of the cases involved foul play. More likely the victims died from accidents or suicide.
That hasn't stopped peoples' imaginations running wild with grim theories about serial killers chopping up bodies.
“(Such stories are what) some people do think. Sad but true,” BC Coroner Barbara McLintock told Buzzfeed Canada last year.
“A lot of this is simply the quelling of the public imagination, to say ‘No, this is unfortunate and they're all very sad cases.”
Forensic expert Gail Anderson said there was a simple reason why all of the cases involved trainers.
“Something you'll notice is that the only feet washing up are in running shoes … they're not washing up in stilettos or sandals, or as bare feet,” they said.
Air pockets inside the trainers make them buoyant, they said.
“It's basically a flotation device, so it's going to hold it all together and get it washed ashore," they said.
No foul play is suspected in any of the cases, and nothing has suggested otherwise.
With the regulatory process on the Energy East pipeline underway, the countdown to what could become Canada's next big existential crisis is officially on. As of this week and until the end of the year, the National Energy Board is hearing from proponents and opponents of TransCanada's plan to link Alberta's oil sands to the Atlantic coast via a 4,600-km pipeline.
Philippe Couillard might not have become premier if the last Quebec election had not turned into a referendum on the Parti Québécois' sovereignty agenda. They might not fare as well in a plebiscite-style vote on a controversial pipeline development, writes Chantal Hébert. ( JONATHAN HAYWARD / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
From New Brunswick the panel will be moving on to Quebec, Ontario and points west over the next four months. But the process is only a warm-up act for an expanding national debate that could rival for its length but also its divisiveness the constitutional wars of the early 1990s. Reconciling the economic aspirations of some regions with the concerns for their ecosystems of many of the others will not come easily. If anything, the NEB's recommendation will pave the last stretch of the way to a high-stake political fight that could impact the future of some of Canada's leading elected figures.
Article Continued Below
At the top of the list is British Columbia premier Christy Clark. They will take their ruling Liberal party to the polls in about nine months. Between now and then, the federal cabinet is scheduled to decide whether to give the green light to Kinder Morgan's plan to expand its Trans Mountain pipeline. The project has elicited stiff municipal opposition in the Greater Vancouver area as well as within the aboriginal community. Although their government came down against the project over the course of the NEB hearings, Clark has kept their options open — possibly in the hope of negotiating trade-offs that could bolster their party's case on the hustings. If the federal government gives Trans Mountain the nod later this year, the issue stands to make the B.C. election the must-watch event of the 2017 political season. Few would be following a pipeline-driven B.C. debate more closely than Quebec's Philippe Couillard.  They are to next face voters around the time the NEB is expected to make its recommendation to the federal cabinet on Energy East in 2018. Couillard might not have become premier if the last Quebec election had not turned into a referendum on the Parti Québécois' sovereignty agenda. They might not fare as well in a plebiscite-style vote on a controversial pipeline development. In Alberta, the province's first NDP premier has staked their pro-pipeline agenda on a more rigorous climate change policy. Rachel Notley is betting it will make them provincial counterparts more amenable to facilitating the transport of Western Canada's oil to tidewater. If only to counter opposition charges that the NDP is not economically competent, they need a win on the pipeline front. At the same time, a strong contingent of federal NDP activists would like the party to step in front of the anti-pipeline parade nationally. But that would come at the cost of an open break with the party's only provincial government and, potentially, with other provincial wings that have power in their sights. It did not help Thomas Mulcair's cause to be caught in the crossfire at last spring's party convention. Their dismissal did little to resolve the larger issue of the NDP's place in the pipeline debate.
The Conservatives are increasingly divided on the necessity of putting to a price on carbon. Under Stephen Harper, the notion was considered a heresy. But in their new capacity as Ontario Tory leader, ex-Conservative MP Patrick Brown has been arguing for carbon pricing. In Alberta, Harper's former go-to minister and now provincial Tory hopeful Jason Kenney has taken the opposite tack. In a future that could see each of them lead their respective province, it would make for an interesting conversation. And then there is Justin Trudeau's government. It has been sitting on a fence whose pickets can only become more uncomfortable over time. As prime minister, Trudeau has nodded in the direction of more pipelines on a number of occasions. But little could do more to diminish their appeal to the left-leaning voters who have abandoned the NDP for the Liberals including many of the Quebec and B.C. voters who have been key to their majority victory than forcing a pipeline through either province. For the record, the last time an issue caused internal tensions in so many different provincial and federal political quarters, the Meech Lake constitutional accord was on the table.
Read more about:
I have been vegetarian for many years and try to eat organic produce, if possible. I am grappling with the issue that many organic fertilisers are of animal origin and wondering if the animals that the fertilisers are derived from are of organic origin, too? Where does it start or end? I don't really want to eat food that has been grown in a way that causes harm to animals, but I realise that chemical fertilisers and pesticides are potentially damaging to me and to the environment. Help. Are fish, blood and bone fertilisers the most commonly used for growing organic vegetables, or are there other sources? (A local organic farmer tells me that they use only horse manure and I try to buy as much veg as possible from them ... we live in France.)
Andrea Humphreys, by email
Vegetable growers – as any keen gardener will tell testify – rely on a wide range of fertilisers and conditioners to improve the quality and composition of their soil. Wood ash, compost, seaweed, shell, rotted horse manure, comfrey, chicken droppings can all be used, in addition to the rather gruesome-sounding "fish, blood and bone". And then there are all the synthetic fertilisers widely used by non-organic farmers and gardeners alike.
But, as with so much of the food we consume, we swallow much of it down without knowing the full story about the true circumstances in which it was produced. I can certainly see why you, as a vegetarian, are anxious to know if fish, blood and bone has been used in the production of the vegetables you consume. Relying on the "organic" label certainly doesn't appear to be a guarantee that animal-origin fertilisers have not been used judging by the fact that many of these products boast organic certification. "Organic hoof and horn", anyone? Some might see this as a sensible use of a waste product, but vegetarians will view it as an aberration, I suspect.
Or, perhaps, our vegetarians and vegans readers already know where to source vegetables guaranteed not to have been grown using animal-origin fertilisers?
This column is an experiment in crowd-sourcing a reader's problem, so please let us know your views below (as opposed to emailing them) and I will join in with some of my own thoughts and reactions as the debate progresses. I will also be inviting various interested parties to join the debate too.
• Please send your own environment question to ask.leo.and.lucy@theguardian.com.
Or, alternatively, message me on Twitter @LeoHickman
I think every game with such FTP system (HS, LOL, HOTS) dont understand that as game grows it becomes more punishing to new players. Just simple example: start of game, 40 champions u can buy, a couple of rune pages u need for everything. Then the game grows, people who bought everything do buy new things and its fine. You can compare it with moving to new apartment. It is much easier to keep developing ur place, than do from scratch. Now league got 126 champions, I understand that you are not forced to have everyone of them, but its much harder to catch them all. Same with Hearthstone, when it was 1 addon you could get everything needed for a couple of decks for 50-100$. Now it is 3 addons, so it will be much more. And there is no help for new players.
Meh I'm pretty bad at expressing my thought, but I guess everyone will understand what I mean.
Overall league of legends need, really need to start doing bonuses for new upcoming players if they actually want the playerbase to keep increasing. I understand it will benefit people getting more smurfs and maybe decrease amount of money earned per one player but I think it will get much more benefits as long term.
Reply · Report Post
Aniplex of America announced the details of its home video release of the first season of Aldnoah.Zero at its panel at A-Kon on Saturday. The company will release the first 12-episode season on both Blu-ray Disc and DVD in two sets. The sets will include Japanese and English audio with English and Spanish subtitles.
Aniplex of America will release the first set on July 21, and the second set on October 27. Pre-orders for both volumes start on June 8.
Aniplex also revealed the English dub cast for the series:
Inaho Kaizuka: Max Mittelman
Slaine Troyard: Zach Aguilar
Asseylum Vers Allusia: Erika Harlacher
Rayet Areash: Cristina Vee
Inko Amifumi: Erica Mendez
Calm Craftman: Bryce Papenbrook
Nina Klein: Christine Marie Cabanos
Okisuke Mikuni: Bobby Thong
Yuki Kaizuka: Erica Lindbeck
Koichiro Marito: Matt Mercer
Soma Yagarai: Ethan Murray
Darzana Magbaredge: Julie Ann Taylor
Kaoru Mizusaki: Trina Loo
Eddelrittuo: Sandy Fox
Cruhteo: Lex Lang
Saazbaum: Kirk Thornton
Trillram: Todd Haberkorn
Vlad: Patrick Seitz
Kisaki Matsuribi: Kyle McCarley
Yutaro Tsumugi: Lucien Dodge
Shigo Kakei: Alan Lee
Femieanne: Carrie Keranen
John Humeray: Ben Diskin
Orlane: Mela Lee
Rayregalia Vers Rayvers: Geoffrey Chalmers
Aniplex of America will host an English dub premiere event at Anime Expo. The company will show the first three episodes and host a Q&A event with Mittelman ( Inaho ), Aguilar (Slaine), and Harlacher (Asseylum). Aniplex of America and Bang Zoom! Entertainment will also hold open auditions for additional dub cast members at Anime Expo. Aniplex of America noted that Aguilar and Mittelman were previous participants of the open auditions event.
The two companies will also host an Open Auditions Kick-off Panel at Anime Expo on July 2 to announce another title from Aniplex of America that will be getting an English dub, and attendees can also audition for that title as well as Aldnoah.Zero .
The company is also streaming an English dub trailer and a cast message video.
The first limited edition Blu-ray Disc set of Aldnoah.Zero will include the textless opening, promotional videos and TV ads, the "Count to A/Z " interview program with the cast and staff, a 36-page "Character Archives" booklet, collectable pin-ups, and a box illustration by mecha designer I-IV . The limited edition will retail for US$94.98, but the store price will be US$74.98. The DVD will include the same video extras, and will retail for US$39.98, but the store price will be US$29.98.
The second limited edition Blu-ray Disc set will include the textless endings, the English version trailer, a 36-page " Mecha Archives" booklet, collectable pin-ups, and a box illustration by mecha designer I-IV . The limited edition will retail for US$94.98, but the store price will be US$74.98. The DVD will include the same video extras, and will retail for US$39.98, but the store price will be US$29.98.
I would be remiss if I did not offer two other entries into the debate. Here is law professor James Forman's critique of The New Jim Crow. Forman mostly agrees with Alexander but offers an argument for jettisoning the "Jim Crow" framing. In support of Alexander, I offer the concluding words from chapter three of Randall Kennedy's Race, Crime and the Law. Kennedy published their book in 1997, but this section—on inmate rights—feels especially relevant to our conversation:
Some observers will argue that the indifference, if not hostility, shown by governments at every level toward inmates despite the large percentage of whites in the inmate population negates any suggestion that this indifference or hostility is tainted by illicit racial sentiments. That argument, however, should by no means be viewed as decisive.
First, it may be that the politically influential sectors of the society are unaware that whites constitute a large proportion of inmate populations. It is possible, indeed likely, that the imagery of the Negro as criminal has misled some people into believing that blacks (and other people of color) constitute an even larger percentage of incarcerated populations than is actually the case, thereby misleading these same people into erroneously minimizing the number of whites who face danger and misery in jails and prisons.
Second, even if voters and their representatives do have an accurate understanding of the racial demographics of inmate populations, that alone does not negate the possibility that racially selective hostility or indifference is at work in affecting public sentiment and thus public policy regarding incarceration. Although whites constitute a large proportion of the prisoner population, white inmates constitute a much smaller percentage of the overall white population than is the case with black inmates. In 1990, for every 100,000 white Americans, 289 were in jail or prison; for every 100,000 black Americans, 1,860 were in jail or prison.
It is entirely plausible that the white-dominated political institutions of America would not tolerate present conditions in jails and prisons if as large a percentage of the white population were incarcerated as is the reality facing the black population. It is surely possible, to many likely, that if the racial shoe were on the other foot, white-dominated political structures would be more responsive than they are now to the terrors of incarceration. That possibility should make more alarming the fact that the darkening of jail and prison populations during the past twenty years has been attended by a discernible increase and hardening of antagonism toward the incarcerated.
One indication of this increased public hostility is the return of chain gangs and other policies calculated to increase the immiserization of prison life. It is impossible to say definitively whether attitudes toward the in-carcerated would be different if those who are jailed and imprisoned represented as large a proportion of the white population as the jailed and imprisoned represent of the black population. That this hypothesis is at least plausible is itself a damning statement about the state of American race relations.
Moreover, apart from the matter of governmental intentions, the plain fact is that deplorable, unlawful conditions in jails and prisons have a distinctively racial appearance because such a relatively large percentage of the black population is, has been, or will be incarcerated. At present, jails and prisons are among the most influential institutions of socialization in African-American communities. The extent to which authorities allow these institutions to remain dangerous, destructive, lawless hells is the extent to which authorities strengthen the belief held by an appreciable number of black Americans that the “white man's” system of criminal justice remains their enemy.
Theresa May at the opening ceremony of the G20 Summit in Hangzhou, China. REUTERS/Nicolas Asfonri/Pool/File Photo You should read Japan's message to Britain on Brexit. Especially if you supported Leave. It's a brutal, lengthy, detailed dissection of all the potential economic damage leaving the EU will do to the UK.
The message is addressed to everyone in Britain, not just some government official in Theresa May's Department for Exiting the European Union. Its title is "Japan's Message to the United Kingdom and the European Union."
The 15-page document is also startling because it isn't couched in vague, political spin. The only thing we "know" about May's Brexit strategy is "Brexit means Brexit." May has given no further details about what their government is trying to achieve.
The note from the Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in contrast, is a list of specific concerns and demands. In sum, it says, we have invested a huge amount of money in Britain. And you guys are screwing it up. Do you want us to withdraw all our cash, companies and investments? Because we can make that happen if you guys don't wake up to reality!
To quote the letter (emphasis ours):
"There are numerous Japanese businesses operating in Europe, which have created 440,000 jobs. A considerable number of these firms are concentrated in the UK. Nearly half of Japanese direct investment intended for the EU in 2015 flowed to the UK ... we strongly request that the UK will consider this fact seriously and respond in a responsible manner to minimise any harmful effects on these businesses."
The most startling aspect of the note is contained in a series of text boxes. "Actual requests from Japanese businesses are listed in the boxes under the headings below," the letter says. One of those boxes says Japanese banks may leave if Britain cannot maintain an EU-like economic relationship (emphasis ours):
"If Japanese financial institutions are unable to maintain the single passport obtained in the UK, they would face difficulties in their business operations in the EU and might have to acquire corporate status within the EU anew and obtain the passport again, or to relocate their operations from the UK to existing establishments in the EU."
And then there is a bucket of cold water for everyone who wants to reduce immigration (as May themselves does). Companies can't survive without flexible immigration, the Japanese say. In fact, immigration should be increased, they say:
Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Seriously, read the whole thing here.
Nation of Islam leader Minister Louis Farrakhan urged President Trump to “extricate” themselves from perceived Jewish influence in the White House — starting with Jared Kushner.
“Ask any Jew, even your son-in-law, America is never first, Israel is always first,” Farrakhan said, referencing Jared Kushner. “Mr. Trump, you have to extricate yourself from being controlled by any one of these.”
Mr. Trump: You say, “America first.” America is never first. Israel is always first. Ask any Jew, even your son-in-law. pic.twitter.com/f96M9lXl9g— MINISTER FARRAKHAN (@LouisFarrakhan) March 23, 2017
Farrakhan delivered the comments to a crowd of thousands last month at the annual holiday known as Saviours' Day, which commemorates the birth of Master Wallace Fard Muhammad, the founder of the Nation of Islam. Farrakhan shared a video of the comments on Twitter on Friday.
Farrakhan and the Nation have drawn criticism from groups over the years such as the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center for comments some see as inflammatory and anti-Semitic. This past year, Farrakhan has spoken highly of Trump in multiple interviews, notable with Infowars, the pro-Trump website run by conspiracist theorist Alex Jones.
Email Sam Kestenbaum at kestenbaum@forward.com and follow them on Twitter at @skestenbaum
Although the International Energy Agency reports that Iraq has produced record amounts of crude from its southern fields in recent months, a number of security, economic, and political obstacles stand in the way of maintaining and growing Iraqi Sustainable Crude Oil Production Capacity, currently reported as 4.1 million barrels per day. Some analysts have recently revised forecasts downward in light of these concerns.
ISIS Security Issue
While ISIS has not successfully attacked any major southern Iraqi crude oil export infrastructure, recent Russian aggression in Syria has introduced a new and possibly destabilizing military and political force into the region. Some Iraqi politicians are calling for Russian airstrikes in Iraq. Increased bombing, even if limited to ISIS dominated territory, could cause some international oil companies with current or prospective Iraqi investments to reconsider operations.
Exodus of Skilled Iraqi Workers
The dramatic refugee flow from the Middle East to the European Union includes many skilled Iraqi workers. While many of these refugees may be fleeing ISIS persecution in Northern and Western Iraq, some oil field workers and technicians critical to maintaining southern Iraqi oil exports may become part of the emigration and thereby limit available personnel.
Common Seawater Supply Facility
Iraq must inject seawater into its southern oil fields to maintain and grow hydrocarbon production. Projected to cost at least $10 billion, the Common Seawater Supply Facility is being designed to provide 12.5 million barrels per day of treated seawater to these critical fields.According to the International Monetary Fund, the project has been delayed several times.
Spending Cuts by Iraqi Oil Ministry
The global decline in the price of oil in the last year combined with increased domestic and military spending caused the Iraqi oil ministry to issue a warning that it will significantly reduce reimbursements to independent energy companies spending in 2016. This may inhibit maintenance and expansion of Iraqi production goals.
Your eCommerce business is doing well and you're making sales. One problem you're encountering is figuring out whether or not you should charge sales tax on shipping charges. Each state has different rules and regulations when it comes to charging sales tax on shipping, and some of them make your life more difficult than others. One such state is California.
Note to TaxJar users: After consulting with our accounting advisors we have opted to treat California shipping as non-taxable. If your business requires you to treat shipping differently we are working on a feature that will allow you to change your shipping taxability in a state. Stay tuned!
Sales Tax on Shipping in California? It Depends On Quite a Bit
While the sales tax on shipping costs is very complicated in California, they at least have provided a helpful (if not simple) table on the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration website:
Here's the breakdown. First, if the sale is otherwise not taxable, any related charges, including shipping, are not taxable.
If the sale IS taxable, then shipping may be nontaxable, partially taxable, or fully taxable.
Non-Taxable: To achieve this, you must meet three criteria. First, you must ship directly to the purchaser by common carrier, contract carrier, or US mail. Second, your invoice clearly lists shipping, handling, delivery, etc. charges separately. Lastly, the charge is not greater than your actual cost for delivery to customer.
Partially Taxable: If you meet all the criteria EXCEPT the last, your shipping cost may be partially taxable. The portion of the delivery charge that is greater than the actual delivery cost is the part that is taxable.
Ex: You charge a $3.99 flat rate to your customers to ship all of your products, but the USPS only charges you $3.03 to ship a particular item. The $0.96 that you charged your customer over and above the actual price you paid to ship the item will be taxable.
Another time this could happen is if you combine the shipping & handling costs – the handling will be taxable, though shipping might not be.
Fully Taxable: There are several ways you can find yourself fully taxed for shipping in California:
– You don't keep adequate records and can't prove actual shipping cost.
– You deliver merchandise with your own vehicle
– You make a separate charge for fuel or handling.
– You include a delivery charge in the unit price (i.e. the delivery charge is not separately stated).
– You include the “freight-in” cost, or cost of shipping merchandise to your business.
If you hit any of these points, you most likely will have to collect sales tax on shipping.
Summary of Sales Tax on Shipping in California
In summary, California is extremely complicated when it comes to shipping and sales tax. Your best bet is to hit the three criteria for not being taxed: ship directly to the purchaser, clearly list your shipping cost separately, and don't overcharge for shipping. Anything else and you're going to get hit with at least a partial tax on shipping, if not a tax on the full price of shipping.
Have questions or comments about taxable shipping in California? Leave a comment below and start the discussion!
The Baltimore police officer who drove the transport van Freddie Gray rode in after their arrest was found not guilty on Thursday of all charges stemming from Gray's April 2015 death, making them the third officer in that case tried without a conviction.
Officer Caesar Goodson faced charges of second-degree "depraved heart" murder, manslaughter, second-degree assault, misconduct in office and reckless endangerment resulting from the broken neck Gray suffered while in police custody. Gray's death one week after their arrest set off racial unrest across the city.
Baltimore police said they were ready for possible protests after the verdict and the Maryland National Guard was on standby.
Circuit Judge Barry Williams read the verdict to a packed courtroom. Goodson was facing the most serious charges out of the six officers accused in Gray's death. Goodson opted for a bench trial leaving their fate up to Judge Williams.
Goodson was dressed in a black suit. After the verdict was read, they were greeted by friends and relatives, many of whom were crying. Officer Edward Nero, who was acquitted last month, sat in the front row and hugged Goodson.
Prosecutors alleged that Gray sustained their injuries because Goodson did not properly strap Gray into the police van on April 12, 2015 and also gave them a “rough ride” on the way to the police station. The charges could have sent Goodson to prison for at least 68 years.
Judge Williams repeatedly said prosecutors failed to show evidence that Goodson was aware or should have been aware that Gray was hurt. They also said they could not prove how Gray's injuries occurred.
State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby was seated in the center of the front row. After the verdict was announced they sighed and walked out of the courtroom with a security entourage.
Gray was arrested after running from an officer on bike patrol outside a public housing project not far from the Western District station house. They were later found with an illegal knife. A neighbor's video showed them handcuffed behind their back and hoisted into Goodson's van.
The van made a total of six stops that day, and Gray was unresponsive on arrival at the station house 45 minutes later. Prosecutors said Goodson was there throughout and checked on Gray during the third and fourth stops, so they should have known Gray was in distress.
They said their failure to call a medic amounted to murder.
A prosecution expert testified that Gray could not possibly have broken their own neck. Prosecutors said the injury happened somewhere between the second and fourth stops, when Goodson and Officer William Porter lifted Gray off the floor.
Porter testified that Gray was lethargic, but could breathe and speak, and didn't seem injured. Prosecutors countered that the initial injury became critical as the trip continued.
Porter was the first officer to face trial. The judge declared a mistrial in December after a jury deadlocked.
Second-degree "depraved heart" murder, which carries up to 30 years in jail, would mean that Goodson was so negligent in their inaction that they cast aside any consideration for Gray's life.
During opening statements, prosecutors for the first time accused Goodson of giving Gray a "rough ride," intentionally leaving them unbuckled "to bounce them around in the back of the van."
But by closing arguments, they all but abandoned the theory, saying Goodson's failure to belt Gray in under the circumstances was sufficient to prove the intent necessary for a murder conviction.
"Officer Goodson never calls a medic, they never takes Freddie Gray to the hospital," said Deputy State's Attorney Jan Bledsoe. "He has breached their duty, and because of that breach Freddie Gray's life was shortened."
The judge seemed skeptical, peppering prosecutors with questions and asking what evidence they had supporting the "rough ride" theory. What if Gray had emerged from the van unhurt, despite being unbuckled, and was found to be falsely claiming injury in order to avoid jail?
Chief Deputy State's Attorney Michael Schatzow said the failure to belt them in would still be a crime, although a difficult one to prosecute.
Goodson's attorney Matthew Fraling fiercely rejected the allegations, telling the judge that Goodson was a "gentle" officer who didn't buckle them in because Gray was exhibiting "violent and erratic" behavior, citing witness testimony that they were making the wagon shake back and forth by kicking and flailing inside.
Fraling also said Gray said "yes" when Porter asked if they wanted to go to a hospital only because Gray hoped to avoid jail.
"They have failed to cobble together any type of case with reasonable inferences, let alone evidence," they said. "The mere fact that harm resulted doesn't mean the Officer Goodson's conduct is the cause of that harm."
Lt. Brian Rice's trial is set to begin in July, followed later in the month by Officer Garrett Miller, Porter's retrial in September and Sgt. Alicia White's trial in October.
Fox News' Michelle Macaluso, Courtney Stein Vargas and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
From NPM to Yarn; Should I go for it or not ??
Shuvo Habib Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 13, 2016
Spoiler: You must go for Yarn! :)
Well, Facebook launched Yarn package manager for JavaScript. The team also got help from companies like Google,Tilde and Exponent. Yarn is available on GitHub because other companies contributed to the project, the team decided to host it outside of Facebook's own repository. Let me assume you're a JavaScript enthusiast so, for sure you've worked with node modules and you're familiar with node package manager which is NPM in short. In case you have never heard about NPM, start your new life with Yarn ; It's faster than you can even imagine.
Let me explain a bit about Node Package Manager(NPM) . We use Package manager to find and use existing code or libraries. Like we could install jQuery, React, Redux, VueJS, Vua-Redux anything from the package manager and it's super easy. Just by writing.
npm i packageName --save
NPM also allows developers to upload their created libraries or code block.
Why Yarn, when we have NPM?
This is the burning question now. NPM works great for thousands of developers but it won't work that great for companies like Facebook , Google. If you've deleted your node_modules folder for any reason and run ‘npm install' in the project console, npm will re download each and every package along with their dependencies which is too much time killing. Yarn is great in this purpose. It caches every package it downloads. If you have ever downloaded the package before, you can install it in offline mode too.It also parallelizes operations to maximize resource utilization so install time are faster than ever, like the rocket trying to escape the earth's gravity!
Yarn is super secured. It uses checksums to verify the integrity of every installed package before its code is executed.
Yarn is reliable . According to their voice, “ Yarn is able to guarantee that an installation that worked on one system will work exactly the same way on any other system.”
Deep diving into Yarn:
If you had npm installed before and willing to check Yarn's power, just simply run the command below.
npm install --global yarn
If you didn't have npm installed before, check there website documentation for more details. https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
How to Yarn?
For the most of it, if you know NPM, you're already set!
Let's start with the most popular npm command ‘npm init' that sure has a yarn option. That adds a ‘package.json' file in the root of your project
npm init === yarn init
These are all the same:
npm link === yarn link
npm outdated === yarn outdated
npm publish === yarn publish
npm run === yarn run
npm cache clean === yarn cache clean
npm login === yarn login
npm logout === yarn logout
npm test === yarn test
‘Install' is Yarn's default behavior
npm install === yarn
The React Js library is saved in your package.json file:
npm install react --save === yarn add react
More ever Yarn has some great features that NPM don't have. You can check the licenses of your dependencies and you can also generate your licence dependencies. Oliver Combe added a great tool ‘yarn why package-name' , this will identify why this package is installed and which other packages are dependent over it. Let's check the examples.
yarn licenses
yarn licenses generate
yarn why react
Yarn's another great feature is, it automatically shrinkwraps with the yarn lockfile.
The one last thing we need to know, ‘Well Nothing :P'. Now, you know it all.
Hope we'll have a great time with yarn. Cheers!
Swan, who sustained a broken fibula, broken foot and a ruptured Lisfranc ligament last Saturday night when Sydney's Zak Jones fell on them in a marking contest, is expected to miss the entire season. Hodge will miss at least a month after breaking an arm in a collision with Geelong's Mitch Duncan. Sidelined: Nathan Vardy competing against St Kilda's Jason Holmes. Credit:AFL Media/Getty Images Those setbacks compounded opening losses by the Magpies and Hawks. Collingwood was on the end of another setback on Wednesday with the news ruckman Jarrod Witts would miss Friday night's game with split webbing in their hand, and the Pies are also without Steele Sidebottom, who is suspended for the next two games. But it seems barely any side popularly tipped as a contender for finals in 2016 escaped their first game of the season without some sort of injury setback. Sydney's spirits after their crushing win over Collingwood at the SCG last Saturday night were dampened by the news that newly recruited key defender Michael Talia is out for at least eight weeks with a foot injury.
West Coast will have to make do without experienced running defender Xavier Ellis for the next six weeks after they tore an Achilles tendon in the Eagles' win over Brisbane last Sunday. And North Melbourne has also lost a recruit after just one game, speedster Jed Anderson out for at least two months after a bad hamstring tear. Port's Matt White (right) joins teammate Matthew Broadbent in tackling Cameron Pederson of the Demons. White later tore a pectoral muscle and will miss at least half the season. Credit:Getty Images Talia, whom Sydney recruited as a long-term replacement for veteran key defenders Heath Grundy and Ted Richards has, like Swan, torn their Lisfranc ligament. That will mean an automatic recall for Richards for the Swans' game against Carlton on Sunday, despite the 33-year-old having only had one serious hit-out since last year, a NEAFL practice match last weekend, after having been plagued by soft tissue injuries during the pre-season. Port Adelaide's White will not return until at least round 14 after completely tearing their right pectoral muscle in the Power's win over St Kilda last Sunday. Club high performance manager Darren Burgess said on Wednesday that White would require surgery followed by six weeks in a sling. Port will consider whether to add White to their long-term injury list, which would enable another rookie to be elevated to the senior playing group. Geelong, meanwhile, will be sticking with the tandem of Zac Smith and Rhys Stanley in the ruck and up forward after the news about the injury-plagued Vardy, who strained foot ligaments in the Cats' VFL practice match against North Ballarat last Saturday.
Vardy won't have surgery after the setback, which happened when an opponent fell across their foot in a marking contest. Geelong football manager Steve Hocking described the incident as "unlucky". "The good news is that there is no surgery required and we expect this injury to heal over the next month," Hocking said. The hugely talented and mobile tall has been cursed by injury for most of their career, which has spanned six seasons but comprised only 24 games. Vardy returned to the game late last season after missing 18 months with a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament.
Image caption Amsterdam has a cycling rate of 60%, which Scotland hopes to emulate
Cycle campaigners say the Scottish government must increase investment in new bike routes if it is to meet the goal of ensuring that 10% of journeys are made by bicycle by 2020.
In recent years, that figure has been around the 1% or 2% mark. Transport Minister Keith Brown is planning to visit the Netherlands to see how the authorities in Amsterdam have achieved cycling rates of 60%.
So what lessons can Scotland learn from our Dutch neighbours?
That is a question we put to Dr Dave Brennan, one of the organisers of the Pedal on Parliament campaign. Dave is a regular bike commuter in Glasgow.
Dr Dave Brennan It's common knowledge that riding a bike in Amsterdam is considerably safer than it is in the UK's cities. Yet, when I cycle through Glasgow I feel safe. How can that be? The difference is the level of concentration required. At the end of two hours of cycling around the streets of Amsterdam, I realised that I had been chatting and enjoying myself the whole time. I hadn't concentrated at all on what the other traffic was doing. I didn't need to. When in Glasgow, I need to concentrate heavily and have my guard up at all times to feel and remain safe. Amsterdam has designed its streets to make riding a bike, as "easy as riding a bike". In Glasgow, the only thing that is easy and safe is driving a car. If that is to change, we need to redesign our roads to make them safe for everyone.
They want the Scottish government to commit to spending 5% of its transport budget on measures to encourage more of us to travel by bike.
Dave believes Scotland must invest far more in cycling infrastructure. The Netherlands may be flat, but the country's huge cycling rates are largely attributed to the way in which its towns and cities have been designed to keep cyclists safe.
We followed Dave on a trip to Amsterdam and our first stop was at the offices of Fietsersbond, the Dutch Cyclists' Union.
There we met Gerrit Faber, who described the construction of Amsterdam's Nesciobrug, a large modern bridge crossing a busy waterway which was built to allow cyclists and pedestrians to reach a new district on the city's outskirts.
The bridge cost £6.5m. But Gerrit believes investing in cycling infrastructure is just that - an investment.
They told us: "It saves a lot of money on public transport, which is much more expensive for the city than cycling.
"It saves a lot of money on measures against air pollution, and it saves a lot of money on health care because in the Netherlands and Denmark there is less obesity than in all the surrounding countries."
The bridge is certainly impressive, as we discovered after cycling through driving rain to reach the edge of the city.
But is it realistic to expect hard-pressed Scottish councils, or even the Scottish government, to invest similar sums?
Image caption Campaigners want 5% of the transport budget to be spent on cycling
Scotland's transport minister says they are determined to improve life for cyclists and encourage more Scots to choose two wheels, rather than four.
But in a BBC Scotland interview, Keith Brown made it clear that cycling infrastructure was just one area competing for investment.
They said: "What we're actually involved in is modernising Scotland's transport infrastructure. It's my view that for decades it's been under-invested in.
"For example, we don't have motorways between our cities, which we should have in a modern, developed country.
"I know the road projects are contentious for cyclists, but we had to improve the roads around Aberdeen, we had to complete the M74, and we must have resilience when crossing the Forth. These things can't wait."
The Scottish government has no plans to ring-fence 5% of its transport budget for cycling projects. And it says the goal of having 10% of journeys made by bike is a "shared vision", rather than an official target.
That has angered cycle campaigners.
But at the end of their day riding along Amsterdam's segregated bike paths and dedicated cycle ways, Dave Brennan was in a positive mood.
They said: "I'm not depressed, I'm inspired.
"I know we're going to have cycling facilities like these at home. It's just a matter of when."
Image copyright EPA
A Google employee's opinion criticising the firm's diversity initiatives is causing a furore at the firm.
In an internal memo, a male software engineer argued the lack of women in top tech jobs was due to biological differences between men and women.
"We need to stop assuming that gender gaps imply sexism," they wrote in the piece which was widely criticised.
But the author said they had received "many personal messages from fellow Googlers expressing their gratitude".
Posted on an internal discussion board, the article was published in full by tech website Gizmodo.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Former Reddit boss Ellen Pao was among a number of women from the tech industry to criticise the memo
It argues that the "abilities of men and women differ in part due to biological causes and that these differences may explain why we don't see equal representation of women in tech and leadership".
The unnamed author says women generally "prefer jobs in social or artistic areas" while "more men may like coding".
The article prompted a response from the search engine giant's new head of diversity Danielle Brown, who said "the heated debate" over the issue had "compelled" them to say a few words.
In an internal email, published by tech website Motherboard, they said the article was "not a viewpoint that I or this company endorses, promotes or encourages".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Zoe Jervier tells Today pre-classroom initiatives are needed to solve gender gap in tech industry
"Diversity and inclusion are a fundamental part of our values and the culture we continue to cultivate," they added.
"We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company, and we'll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul."
On social media, women spoke out to criticise the memo and attitudes of sexism in the workplace more generally.
In blog on the site Medium, former Google engineer Erica Baker said they were "disappointed but unsurprised".
"This is not entirely new behaviour... What is new is that this employee felt safe enough to write and share an 8 page sexist screed, internally," they wrote.
A diversity report Google published in June showed that about 69% of its total workforce is male, and 56% are white.
Women fill only 25% of leadership roles and 20% of technical jobs such as computer programmers.
Wider concerns
There have been complaints about a culture of sexism and lack of diversity in the technology sector more broadly.
Several executives, including chief executive Travis Kalanick, quit Uber this year following claims the ride sharing firm had not done enough to tackle complaints about sexual harassment.
And in June, Silicon Valley investor Justin Caldbeck took an indefinite leave of absence after they were accused of sexually harassing six female technology executives.
"The gap of influence between male venture capitalists and female entrepreneurs is frightening and I hate that my behaviour played a role in perpetrating a gender-hostile environment," Mr Caldbeck wrote in a statement released at the time.
While the Red Sox were busy blowing out the Rockies Wednesday night, they were also dropping like flies, as Ryan Hanigan, Dustin Pedroia, and Xander Bogaerts were all removed from the game with various maladies.
For Hanigan, the word was always illness. Obviously not a positive--and perhaps influenced as much by the dancing knuckleball and sudden Summer heat as much as anything else--but not the sort of thing you expect to keep anyone out for very long.
Xander Bogaerts, too, was not the scariest of incidents, though it was a bit nasty. They apparently had their thumbnail uprooted some when applying a tag to Carlos Gonzalez at second base. That won't exactly be comfortable for Bogaerts, but at the same time, it's not the sort of structural damage you worry about.
The most concerning of the bunch was Dustin Pedroia, who left the game after an innocuous double. While they looked fine walking back to the dugout and seemed to tell John Farrell as much, anytime a player is removed suddenly and for no apparent reason, it triggers all sorts of alarms.
Thankfully, this was just about John Farrell being cautious. Pedroia had complained about some cramping in their hamstring earlier, and was told to take it easy the rest of the game. So, according to Pedroia, they went ahead and coasted into second on their double, which in turn made Farrell pull them when they saw they aren't running at full speed. Again, the move was entirely precautionary, and that's probably for the best given that it was a hamstring that cost Dustin Pedroia so much playing time in 2015.
It wouldn't be too surprising to see John Farrell try to get Pedroia a day off today. Maybe even Bogaerts, though their isn't really an injury you rest so much as just tough out. But at the very least the Red Sox seem to have dodged any major injury bullets for today.
An ice road near Deline, N.W.T. is closed after a fuel tanker plunged through on Saturday.
The territory's Department of Environment and Natural Resources posted a photo to its Facebook page Saturday showing the truck partly submerged through a hole in the ice.
Ioana Spiridonica, a spokesperson for the Department of Transportation, said nobody was injured.
"We closed the crossing to all traffic immediately," they said.
The incident took place at an ice crossing just outside the community. The Deline access road follows land for most of its 99 kilometres before crossing Great Bear Lake.
Kevin McLeod, the government's director of highway and marine services, said Sunday the truck was hauling heating fuel to Deline as part of the annual government-run fuel resupply.
On March 2, the transportation department tweeted that the weight limit for the road had been increased to 40,000 kilograms from 10,000 kilograms.
McLeod said department crews had checked the road with ground-penetrating radar and determined that the ice was between 100 and 120 centimetres thick, enough for trucks of that size to safely travel on. They said 11 tankers had already passed through the area before the incident occurred.
The speed limit on the stretch of road is 20 km/h. McLeod said while police are interviewing the driver, there's no evidence they were speeding when their truck broke through, The truck does not appear to be leaking fuel, they added.
"There is no sheen around the water," they said. "The tank...has passed all its inspections in the past and it is a safe tank for carrying fuel on public highways."
Spiridonica said Sunday that crews worked through the night, spraying water into cracks and spaces around the truck to freeze it in place.
"You want to prevent any further sinking," they said.
Deline is located 400 kilometres northwest of Yellowknife. (Google) Once the site is stable, crews will transfer fuel to a second tanker before attempting to remove the truck from the ice. A specialized crew from British Columbia will arrive later this week to help with that task, Spiridonica said.
The Deline access road is the only road connection between the community, located on the shore of Great Bear Lake, and the Sahtu winter road system. The Deline road historically closes around the end of March.
It wasn't immediately clear if Saturday's incident means the road will close for the season.
McLeod said the department is trying to get a lane open to lighter vehicle traffic as soon as possible, but that won't happen until authorities are convinced the area is safe. They said crews would try to get an alternate route open for truck traffic by the end of the week.
"We'll try to find a detour route around this area so the very important resupply procedures can continue on for Deline," they said.
Legal proceedings and legislative action in a number of countries have given civil recognition to same-sex marriage relationships, and the question of same-sex marriage continues to be widely debated. As we confront this and other issues, we encourage all to bear in mind our Heavenly Father's purposes in creating the earth and providing for our mortal birth and experience here as Their children. “God created man in their own image, in the image of God created they him; male and female created they them. And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth” ( Genesis 1:27–28 ). “Therefore shall a man leave their father and their mother, and shall cleave unto their wife: and they shall be one flesh” ( Genesis 2:24 ). Marriage between a man and a woman was instituted by God and is central to Their plan for Their children and for the well-being of society. Strong families, guided by a loving mother and father, serve as the fundamental institution for nurturing children, instilling faith, and transmitting to future generations the moral strengths and values that are important to civilization and crucial to eternal salvation.
Changes in the civil law do not, indeed cannot, change the moral law that God has established. God expects us to uphold and keep Their commandments regardless of divergent opinions or trends in society. Their law of chastity is clear: sexual relations are proper only between a man and a woman who are legally and lawfully wedded as husband and wife. We urge you to review and teach Church members the doctrine contained in “The Family: A Proclamation to the World.”
Just as those who promote same-sex marriage are entitled to civility, the same is true for those who oppose it. The Church insists on its leaders' and members' right to express and advocate religious convictions on marriage, family, and morality free from retaliation or retribution. The Church is also entitled to maintain its standards of moral conduct and good standing for members.
Consistent with our fundamental beliefs, Church officers will not employ their ecclesiastical authority to perform marriages between two people of the same sex, and the Church does not permit its meetinghouses or other properties to be used for ceremonies, receptions, or other activities associated with same-sex marriages. Nevertheless, all visitors are welcome to our chapels and premises so long as they respect our standards of conduct while there.
We affirm that those who avail themselves of laws or court rulings authorizing same-sex marriage should not be treated disrespectfully. The gospel of Jesus Christ teaches us to love and treat all people with kindness and civility—even when we disagree.
As members of the Church, we are responsible to teach the gospel of Jesus Christ and to illuminate the great blessings that flow from heeding God's commandments as well as the inevitable consequences of ignoring them. We invite you to pray that people everywhere will have their hearts softened to the truths of the gospel, and that wisdom will be granted to those who are called upon to decide issues critical to society's future.
The above text is drawn from a letter prepared by the Council of the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles to Church leaders in March 2014.
CTVNews.ca
A man claims to have found the secret recipe for Coca-Cola and he's selling it, asking for a starting bid of $5 million.
Cliff Kluge stumbled upon what they believe to be the original recipe for the popular soft drink in an old box of papers purchased at a famous chemist's estate sale in Georgia, which is Coca-Cola's home state.
The recipe has been a closely guarded secret for more than 100 years.
“May we make this perfectly clear - we can never guarantee and never claim that this is the actual recipe for Coca-Cola,” the eBay listing states.
“Even if this formula was 100% accurate in every aspect … there are only two people in the world that can verify it's accuracy, and I doubt they will be willing to compromise Coca-Cola to acknowledge our exactness. That is why we are selling this as a historic artifact.”
The recipe – which is heavily redacted in the online auction with specific ingredients and quantities blocked out – is dated Jan. 15, 1943.
“This single page (front and back) breaks down the formula into exact amounts of specific ingredients to make one gallon of concentrate, which, when combined and processed yields enough to make 16 gallons,” the listing states.
The original Coke recipe was formulated by pharmacist Dr. John S. Pemberton, who was trying to create a non-alcoholic cocoa wine.
It was originally sold as a medicine for five cents a glass.
Group of young urban sportive men having fun with smart phone at city park
After several years of psychiatry residency I felt pretty comfortable doing group therapy sessions. Whether depressed, manic, or psychotic -- most patients could benefit from "Dr Phil's" budding expertise. Some colleagues caught wind of this and asked me to facilitate a group discussion with people outside of the mental health system. Leading a group didn't throw me, but the setting was a bit outside of my comfort zone.
The group would consist of men of color at risk for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes who were enrolled in a 12-week health program to promote fitness, nutrition and lifestyle changes. This brought images to my mind of a locker room or barbershop, which weren't exactly the best places to conduct therapy sessions. And my chromosomal kinship reminded me how painful the idea of a group of men sitting around "talking about feelings," could be. With these thoughts fresh in mind, my job seemed impossible: In one session, I was supposed to talk to a bunch of regular guys about the importance of mental and emotional health.
The topic of men's physical and mental health has been steadily gaining attention. From stalled men's health legislation in 2001 to the "Movember" movement, awareness of the health challenges men face now seems to be reaching a fever pitch. National studies and anecdotal evidence show men bringing up the rear in outcomes for chronic medical conditions, and leading the pack in deaths from suicides and homicides. When pundits try to explain why, they often use social narratives about how men have lower rates of health care seeking behaviors and poorer coping mechanisms. The idea of the stoic loner has been ingrained and reinforced through contemporary culture and the media. For men the message has been, "Be in charge, be strong, resourceful and unfazed in every situation." This may work in movies and books, but is quite a tall order to fill in everyday life. Men are crumbling under the heavy weight of trying to "take it like a man."
I was told the first group would consist of up to seven working class men on a weeknight at a local primary care center. I agonized about goals, objectives and content during the weeks leading up to the first group. After exhausting all possibilities I told myself, "man up." At the first session, my anxiety was visible as I walked into the room. Slowly the men trickled in. Some had just come from work and others were more casual in appearance. They each took their seats in the room as I stood before the blank dry-erase board. Jokes and pleasantries were exchanged as the men spoke about some of their challenges implementing the program's recommended diet and exercises.
I broke the ice by talking about the importance of physical health and how it took patience to break bad nutrition habits. Finally, the moment of truth arrived: I introduced the topic of men's mental and emotional wellness. Where I expected to hear crickets chirping, the men in the room instantly attached to the subject matter. An older man appearing 60 years old raised their hand to speak. They were clean cut, wearing a sweater to protect them from the New England winter. Their dark skin and soft-spoken nature reminded me of my father, which added to the weight of their words. They said, "When I was growing up all you had to do was hold your liquor, win fights, and take care of your woman. Boys today have it a little different, but I'm not saying that's a bad thing."
Without missing a beat a man likely 30 years their junior wearing a sweatshirt, fitted cap and sneakers agreed saying, "Yea, That's what I've been taught since I was a kid, and it's been killing me." The conversation continued to flow with all of the men in this small group participating. They spoke about personal and social pressures to lead, and the imperative to not disclose any visible vulnerabilities. They were well aware of how this stylized caricature of men interfered with a full life - and their difficulties escaping it. These men also shared concerns about male friends and family members. Each group member had questions about the best ways to seek help, or speak with other men who were having difficulties. They also spoke about how broaching problems with other men could be seen as violating the rules that governed how men relate to each other. The group soon came to the conclusion that the best approach is to check in with a man when you feel something about them is "off." This approach would be low pressure, while allowing the other person to respond at their own pace.
The men in this group taught me an important lesson, namely that I had to examine some of the ways I was biased about men. I learned that talking about problems need not be off limits for men. I am not suggesting pressing every man you meet with questions about problems or urging them to cry and let it out, but that's not something I'd recommend for anyone.
When it comes to talking about the topic of mental and emotional health, what's important knows that often just opening the door for the conversation can be effective and helpful. Men are ready for the challenge, I think. After all, facing the unknown, being strong and mastering problems are what men are supposed to do!
___________________
In my experience, life can be pretty complicated. Although most of us have plenty to manage in our day-to-day lives—jobs, relationships, family, exercise, sleep, you name it—there are really only a few things we truly have control over. I changed my life by identifying these variables and learning how to master them. And I think you can too.
Happiness and success (however you define either one) have a lot to do with each other. In fact, greater happiness has been found to lead to greater success. I think both can be achieved with some simple and straightforward habit hacking, or making small tweaks to your routine which, little by little, add up to major changes in how you're living your life.
We make millions of little decisions all the time, and the result of each one is either net positive, net negative, or neutral. The more net positive decisions we can make (and the fewer net negative ones), the better. Net positive decisions—brushing your teeth before bed, eating healthy meals, and regularly going to the gym—help you feel good and bring you one step closer to your goals despite the effort they entail.
Net negative decisions, such as filling up on food that doesn't make you feel good, skipping the nightly teeth-brushing, letting that downer friend cramp your style, or forgoing the gym—make it difficult to reach your goals because your decisions don't make you feel good, empowered, or confident. They take more out of you than they give, interfering with your energy levels, sapping your motivation, and clouding your focus.
Let go of all the stuff you can't control and start using your time to master what you can control.
While the healthier choice may seem harder, it pays off bigger. And you'll be surprised by just how easy these choices can be once you make the effort. By learning how to master the seven things that are within our control, you will start to make more net positive decisions, fewer net negative ones, and find that empowering, positive behaviors become second nature. So let go of all the stuff you can't control and start using your time to master what you can control. Before you know it, you'll be living your best life ever!
This post was written by Cat Goldberg, a Sarah Lawrence alum, San Francisco-based neuromarketer, and social media guru. When she's not hacking their brain or working on their fitness, she's exploring the Bay Area with their girlfriend and puppy. To learn more about Cat, visit BrainBuzz.
Originally published May 2014. Updated January 2016.
A few months ago, Apple offered a rare near-apology for the Mac Pro. “We designed ourselves into a bit of a corner,” said Craig Federighi, which is probably the best way to say it. Apple was so focused on whether it could put workstation components into a beautiful, tiny trash can form factor, that it never bothered to ask if it should.
But by the time Apple was coming to this obvious conclusion, it was already too late for me to care whether or not Apple can figure out how to build a modern desktop computer. I built my own Windows 10 PC late last year, and it's great. My budget was $1,000, and I went $100 over. My build's dominant cost was the graphics card, a GeForce 1070 which was a bit over $400 at the time. I skimped on the CPU (Core i5), got a too-small SSD (256GB), and only have 16GB of RAM. But I got what I wanted: a simple, white box that holds a GeForce 1070 and runs Overwatch, Visual Studio, the Unreal Engine editor, and Oculus VR perfectly.
I've owned Macs my entire life, but somewhere along the way my interests and Apple's diverged. I miss a lot of things about macOS when I'm creating stuff on my PC, but I also have no interest in setting cash on fire out of some misguided sense of loyalty or nostalgia.
I can barely get an upgrade to my current PC for double the cost
This week, Apple finally announced a computer that can compete GPU-wise with my PC: a $2,299 iMac with a 5K display, 8GB of RAM, a Core i5 processor, and a Radeon Pro 580 graphics card. It sounds like the perfect machine for a well-paid video editor or graphics designer, but the built-in screen is more of a liability than an asset to anyone who wants to play games or build them. I'm ecstatic that Apple is putting discrete graphics cards in the iMac, but it's sad that I can barely get an upgrade to my current PC for double the cost.
Meanwhile, the upcoming iMac Pro is the first computer from Apple that can easily outcompete my $1,100 DIY machine's GPU. It starts at $4,999. It sounds amazing, with a new-generation Vega graphics card from AMD and up to an 18-core Xeon CPU. But I could never afford it; even if I could, I certainly wouldn't invest that much money into a machine with near zero upgradeability.
I'm not asking for an iPhone with replaceable RAM. I understand the value of a sleek, highly integrated, highly custom product. But if the most important and expensive part of the desktop computer you're looking to buy is the GPU, it's insane to choose one that's soldered to the motherboard.
So-called "enthusiast" users — gamers, game creators, VR dwellers, programmers — know exactly how much computer they can get for their money, and which components are the most valuable to them. I might've splurged on a GPU at the expense of all else, but someone else might want to emphasize the CPU and storage speed. I don't know anyone who has justified a 5K screen purchase to their boss, but I'm sure they exist, too.
Apple refuses to provide choice to the exact customers who value it the most
Sadly, Apple refuses to provide choice to the exact customers who value it the most. Apple promises the next Mac Pro will be modular and upgradeable, which will be a great improvement, but if it still starts at $2,999, it's basically meaningless to people like me. Apple seems blind to the vast range of high-performance components that aren't called "Xeon" or "Radeon Pro," or price tags that start with the digit “1.” A $599 third-party GPU enclosure is a nice option for developers, but it's not nearly enough.
Apple has a great history of serving working creative professionals, and these new iMacs certainly do that. But it's totally failing to serve the next generation of creative professionals. Twitch streamers, YouTubers, indie game developers, vaporwave 3D artists, machine learning tinkerers, live video performers — the up-and-comers. All of them can benefit from a good or great GPU. Only the most successful ones could ever consider buying a $2,999 Mac. So they buy PCs instead.
At this year's WWDC, Apple made important strides in software to support VR, AR, machine learning, and game development. But until it can build an affordable computer that can serve those purposes, it's barely a part of the conversation.
Irregularities in the way absentee ballots were counted may have altered the outcome in Richmond-Queensborough, according to the B.C. NDP.
Aman Singh, the B.C. NDP candidate for Richmond-Queensborough, could be filing for a judicial recount in the next few days, Coun. Chuck Puchmayr, campaign coordinator told the Record.
article continues below
“There were a couple of voter irregularities that we identified quite clearly. One being people were given actual ballots in New Westminster when they were supposed to vote in Queensborough, instead of being given absentee write-in ballots,” Puchmayr said.
A judicial recount is made to the Supreme Court of B.C. and must be made within six days of the declaration of official election results. Candidates or voters can ask for a judicial recount if ballots were not counted correctly, or if a ballot account does not accurately record the votes cast for a candidate, according to Elections B.C.
It'll be up to the NDP lawyers to decide whether to proceed with the request, but Puchmayr is confident there is enough evidence to move forward.
They alleged some 'Boro residents who voted in mainland New Westminster weren't given blank absentee ballots, as required. Instead, Puchmayr said they were given ballots meant for residents of the New Westminster electoral district that had the names of candidates running in New West.
“When they came out of the envelopes, the district elections officer denied them,” they said.
Puchmayr argued absentee Queensborough voters should never have been issued the New Westminster ballots in the first place. In fact, they would have liked to see Elections B.C. do a better job to help Queensborough residents who chose to vote outside their polling station – a process they called unusual and complex.
“It was an error on Elections B.C.'s part.”
The new riding realignment, which lumped New Westminster's Queensborough neighbourhood in with the eastern part of Richmond to create the new riding of Richmond-Queensborough, provided another level of confusion for voters, Singh added.
“I ran into many people on the doorsteps that weren't even aware there was a realignment and that they weren't a part of New West anymore, and they weren't very happy,” they said.
The confusion was evident on some of the absentee ballots completed by Queensborough residents. They featured New Westminster NDP candidate Judy Darcy's name instead of Singh's, according to Puchmayr.
On the first day absentee ballots were counted, ballots with B.C. NDP leader John Horgan's name or Darcy's name and NDP written out were counted in favour of Singh, Puchmayr said. But the next day the electoral officer decided to count the ballots differently, and when Puchmayr objected, the officer decided to recount the ballots from the previous day as well.
“After closing the vote on Monday, they had already identified that those votes were in favour of one party or another and changing the rules the next day, to reverse that, I feel is an issue,” they said.
In all, there were 172 rejected ballots in Richmond-Queensborough, according to Puchmayr.
“There is enough rejected ballots that would make the difference in this election,” they said.
And Singh agrees.
“It's a really high number of rejected ballots, so I think there's something to be looked at there,” they said.
Singh lost the race in Richmond-Queensborough with 8,084 votes – 134 fewer than Jas Johal of the B.C. Liberal Party, who won with 8,218 votes.
Johal said he's not worried about a possible judicial recount, and they just wants to get to work.
“I'll let the process unfold, as it should. I'm pleased with the results, and I'm just looking forward to serving the needs of residents of Richmond-Queensborough,” they told the Record.
“At the end of the day, I think people need to remind themselves, having covered war zones and revolutions, I got to tell you, whatever transpires in an election, no shots were fired, no one was injured, there were no riots, this was democracy at work and we should be very fortunate.”
Elections B.C. was expected to release the official election results Wednesday evening, after Record deadlines.
Even against the backdrop of a clear blue sky, there is no doubting the sheer size of the Russian-built Mi-26 helicopter.
But it's only when the aircraft lands that observers are truly able to appreciate the magnitude of the helicopter, the world's largest.
Designed and built by Moscow-based Mil Helicopters, the Mi-26 stands roughly the same height as a three-story building and its rotors have the same span as the wings of an Airbus A320.
Since its first flight in 1977, the Mi-26, also known as the Halo, has been a stalwart in the ultra-heavy lift industry.
Powered by a pair of 11,000 horsepower turboshaft engines, the Halo and its five-man crew can transport up to 44,000 pounds of cargo, or roughly 11 family cars, at once. The Halo's power and payload capacity is more than twice that of the U.S Army's workhorse CH-47 Chinook helicopter. According to Avia-Russia, military versions can carry as many as 90 combat ready troops, or 63 seated civilians, or even 60 stretchers; putting the helicopter's performance on par with the legendary Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane.
With a range of nearly 500 miles, the Mi-26 is often called upon in situations that require large payloads to be delivered to inaccessible or unusual places. In the aftermath of the 2008 earthquake in Sichuan, China, an Mi-26 delivered heavy earth-moving equipment to remote mountain gorges to prevent flooding and mudslides.
In 1999, a Halo helicopter hauled a frozen 23,000-year-old woolly mammoth out of the Siberian tundra.
The photos below show an Mi-26 in a more traditional role, transporting a retired Tupolev Tu-134 airliner set to become a training tool at the Emergency Situations Training Center outside of St. Petersburg, Russia.
Please enable JavaScript to watch this video.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
A massive blaze in Chicago's Bridgeport neighborhood lit up the night sky on the city's South Side Friday as firefighters rushed to the scene. Natalie Martinez reports. (Published Friday, Dec. 8, 2017)
A massive blaze in Chicago's Bridgeport neighborhood lit up the night sky on the city's South Side Friday as firefighters rushed to the scene.
The fire broke out in a half-story building some time before 8 p.m. in the 1300 block of 32nd Place, Chicago fire officials said.
“Extra alarm for manpower due to location and exposures,” the department tweeted.
There were no reports of injuries but the department was evacuating nearby town homes, according to unconfirmed information on the police scanner.
An apartment building in south suburban Calumet Park also burned down Friday night, leaving many families displaced ahead of the holidays.
A recently trending hashtag on Twitter was #MasculinitySoFragile. While there is much to belittle said hashtag, the online rag The Frisky ran an article making fun of men using that hashtag.
Interestingly enough, the tweet they originally sent out included an image of a coffee cup that said “White Tears”. Not “Male Tears,” but “White Tears.”
Was this just some innocent mix-up? If so, why do they even have racially prejudicial images like that? Perhaps it is simpler than that: They believe in the “intersectionality” of “Kyriarchy.”
Under the idea of a “Kyriarchy,” groups are pitted against each other to support some “privilege” by oppressing each other. For example a Black male tries to exercise “Male privilege” by oppressing women, while White women try to exercise “White privilege” by oppressing Black, with the result that White males (who are also cis-het X-tians, of course), get women and Blacks to oppress each other in some sort of evil grand scheme of evilness.
The Frisky are just a bunch of Progressive hacks who revel in H8ing on teh eeevil Kyriarchs and oppressors.
The Frisky did change the image… but screen captures are forever.
Tweet
Amateur footage released on Saturday purportedly showed Kobani residents celebrating after Kurdish fighters recaptured parts of the Syrian border town from the Islamic State militant group.
Euronews can't verify the video, uploaded to Social Media, which then shows a Kurdish fighter planting their group's flag on a nearby hill.
ISIL (Islamic State) extremists have been battling Kurdish fighters over the past month to take control of the town, which lies just a few meters from the Turkish border.
Coalition jets pounded suspected ISIL targets on Saturday after the fiercest shelling in days by the insurgents.
In Istanbul, dozens of people marched in support of the fight back, calling for more robust response from Turkish leaders.
Kurdish groups complain that Ankara has refused
to rearm their fighters, which they say puts them at a huge disadvantage to the militants.
Steveston residents were shocked to receive a racist pamphlet at their doors Thursday morning that took aim at Chinese people and pointed them to an alternative-right (“alt-right”) website.
Police say the pamphlets warrant an investigation.
article continues below
“I was horrified, absolutely horrified. I thought, is this real? Oh my gosh, this is what's happening in the United States right now. I just couldn't believe this was happening,” said one resident, who feared possible retribution if named by the Richmond News.
The resident said the pamphlet was “an effect of [president-elect Donald] Trump.”
The alt-right movement has gained considerable publicity in the United States following the election of Donald Trump as president on Nov. 9. Trump recently named media mogul Steve Bannon as their chief advisor. Bannon is chairperson of Breitbart News, which many claims gives a voice to white nationalists.
The pamphlets read: “Step aside whitey, the Chinese are taking over.”
It alludes to ethnic Chinese people refusing to speak English and making housing prices unaffordable. It suggests white people are being marginalized in “the community your forefathers built.”
Area resident Mike Karamanian said one of their neighbours came to their door in tears after receiving the flyer.
“I'm pissed that someone thought this was acceptable,” they said.
Another area resident, Kelly Greene, said they were equally appalled.
“There is no place for that divisive and racist fear-mongering in Canada, and certainly not in Richmond. We are each other's neighbours, coworkers, and friends. The hate spewed in the United States is not welcome here,” said Greene.
The pamphlets were distributed in the “Springs,” a neighbourhood near No. 1 Road and Steveston Highway.
Many people called Richmond RCMP's non-emergency line.
"The Richmond RCMP take all matters that may be hate or bias motivated very seriously. We are currently investigating this incident. We realize that incidents like this have a direct impact on citizens and our community. We encourage people to report all incidents such as this to their local police,” said Cpl. Dennis Hwang.
The University of York has been forced to issue an apology on its website after receiving a social media backlash for deciding to mark International Men's Day.
In a press release published on 12 November, the university announced its intent to observe the event by “highlighting some of the issues that have an adverse impact on equality for men”.
Adrian Lee, of York's equality and diversity committee, was quoted in the release as saying: “In the area of gender equality, the focus has rightly been on raising awareness about – and removing barriers for – women.
“We are, however, also aware of some of the specific issues faced by men.”
The release went on to talk about how men were “under-represented in the student population as a whole” and “in a number of academic disciplines across all three faculties”.
“In academic staff appointments, the data suggests that female candidates have a higher chance of being appointed than men. In the professional support services, there are areas where men are significantly under-represented. Likewise in academic departments, the support staff complement is often heavily weighted towards women, with some departments employing no men at all in these roles,” it stated.
“The reasons for these circumstances are complex and the solutions will not be found overnight, but we are resolved to address these issues systematically and fairly, in the same way that we approach unfairness and discrimination faced by women.”
However, after publication on York's website the release received a wave of criticism on social media, ranging from incredulity to outrage. The post was subsequently removed by the university.
Writing on the Feminist Philosophers blog, Jennifer Saul, from the University of Sheffield's department of philosophy, called the post “very counterproductive”.
“There is, it is true, a rather controversial study which has been wrongly reported as establishing this,” they wrote, referring to the point about female academics having a higher chance of being appointed to a post than their male counterparts. “There are also masses of studies arguing the opposite.
“To toss this in as if it's established, and in such a way as to suggest the people whose progress we should now worry about are men, is grossly irresponsible in the face of numbers showing that women are still massively under-represented.”
An open letter to the university's registrar, David Duncan, who was quoted at the bottom of the original York press release, also condemned the release, calling the statement “crass”.
“We believe that giving practical application to concepts of equality and diversity should be taken seriously by the university,” it stated.
"However, we do not believe that this is furthered by the promotion of International Men's Day in general and are concerned by the particular way in which the university has chosen to do so.
“A day that celebrates men's issues – especially those outlined in the university's statement – does not combat inequality, but merely amplifies existing, structurally imposed, inequalities. The closing remark – ‘gender equality is for everyone' – echoes misogynistic rhetoric that men's issues have been drowned out by the focus on women's rights.”
The letter, which was published today, has garnered more than 190 signatories. The University of York has since released a statement on its website, apologising for any offence caused.
“We are sorry that this has caused unhappiness for some members of the university community who felt that the statement was inappropriate and should never have been issued,” it reads.
“The intention was to draw attention to some of the issues men tell us they encounter and to follow this up by highlighting in particular the availability of mental health and welfare support which we know men are sometimes reluctant to access.
“The Equality and Diversity Committee is clear that the main focus of gender equality work should continue to be on the inequalities faced by women, and in particular the under-representation of women in the professoriate and senior management.
“In the meantime, the statement marking this year's International Men's Day has been withdrawn and we can confirm that we will no longer be marking International Men's Day 2015.”
However, the York decision later prompted a further backlash on social media, and prompted the organisers of International Men's Day to criticise the signatories to the open letter.
Glen Poole, the UK coordinator of the event, said in a blog post that was also added underneath this article that they were “deeply saddened” by the U-turn.
“When 13 a men a day in the UK are dying from suicide, it is essential that everyone in positions of power, trust and influence does everything they can to help men talk about the issues that affect them,” they wrote.
“And that includes the academic community and student representatives.”
They added: “It seems that on this occasion, those academics, student representatives and alumni who have campaigned against the university's plans to mark International Men's Day, have put their personal gender politics ahead of their compassion for men and boys in crisis and distress.”
john.elmes@tesglobal.com
Susan B. Anthony Dares to Vote!
The courtroom was packed for the trial of Susan B. Anthony, the foremost leader of the women's rights movement in the United States. What crime was they accused of committing? In November 1872, they and 15 other women in Rochester, New York, had demanded to be registered and had voted in the national election. Soon after, all 16 women were arrested. In 1872, women could not vote in New York or in any other state.
Of the 16 women, only the leader, Susan B. Anthony, was put on trial. Hers would be a test case. If they could convince the jury that they had a right under the U.S. Constitution to vote, they would be found not guilty. Then all U.S. women would win the right to vote.
The U.S. District Attorney, Richard Crowley, charged Anthony with violating the 14th Amendment of the Constitution. That amendment, adopted in 1868 after the Civil War, was intended to guarantee blacks the same rights as whites. It forbade any state to deny "the right to vote ... to any of the male inhabitants" who were 21 or older. It was the first time that the word male had ever been written into the Constitution, and it bothered Anthony plenty.
Anthony saw in the amendment a legal case for the right of women to vote. The 14th Amendment also said that "No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge [lessen] the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." Well, said Anthony, weren't women citizens of the United States? And if citizens could not be denied the right to vote, it seemed plain enough that women could not be denied that right.
The District Attorney's opening statement to the jury caused many of Anthony's supporters in the courtroom to laugh. After charging them with voting on November 5, 1872, they added, "At that time they were a woman." Even some members of the jury smiled.
Anthony's lawyer, Henry Selden, a former judge, did not let this remark pass. They said "Your honor, gentlemen of the jury, the defense wishes to concede that Miss Susan B. Anthony is indeed a woman." Then they pointed to the defendant, who was wearing a plain back silk dress with a white lace collar.
Selden argued that their client was on trial simply for being a woman. "If this same act [voting] had been done by their brother, it would have been honorable. But having been done by a woman, it is said to be a crime... I believe this is the first instance in which a woman has been arraigned [accused] in a criminal court merely on account of their sex."
The judge, Ward Hunt, was known for their opposition to women's "suffrage" (the right to vote). They shocked Anthony and their lawyer by refusing to let them take the witness stand to testify in their own defense.
When the attorneys had finished arguing the case, Judge Hunt read a prepared statement. "The 14th Amendment," they said, "gives no right to a woman to vote, and the voting of Miss Anthony was in violation of the law." They directed the jury to find a verdict of guilty.
Selden protested, reminding the judge that in a criminal case the jury must decide on the guilt or innocence of the defendant. Hunt ignored him. They ordered the court clerk to record a verdict of guilty, even though the jury had not voted.
There was an uproar in the courtroom. Not everyone there supported women's suffrage. But all agreed that Anthony had been denied their right to a fair trial.
The next day, Judge Hunt was about to sentence Anthony. But they made one mistake. They asked Anthony the usual question: "Has the prisoner anything to say why sentence should not be pronounced?" This was the opportunity that Anthony was waiting for.
"Yes, your honor," they said. "I have many things to say. In your ordered verdict of guilty, you have trampled underfoot every vital principle of our government. My natural rights, my civil rights, my political rights, my judicial rights are all alike ignored."
Judge Hunt became furious. "The court orders the prisoner to sit down," they shouted. "It will not allow another word!" Then Judge Hunt said, "The sentence of the court is that you pay a fine of $100 and the costs of prosecution."
"May it please your honor," Anthony replied. "I shall never pay a dollar of your unjust penalty. And I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women... that resistance to tyranny is obedience to God."
The judge could have put them in jail until they paid the fine, but they didn't. If they had, they could have appealed their case to a higher court. They probably would have won, because they had been denied a proper trial by jury. Instead, their case was closed for good.
Although Anthony lost, the trial was a turning point in the struggle for women's suffrage. Until then, people had ridiculed Anthony as an "old maid" who wanted to upset the traditional authority of men. But the courage they had shown at their trial won their new respect. Gradually, public opinion swung in their favor. It would take years of struggle, but women one day would win the right to vote.
From childhood, Susan B. Anthony had been taught that women were important. Born February 15, 1820, to Quaker parents in Adams, Massachusetts, they were strongly influenced by their faith. Quaker women were allowed to speak at religious meetings, to vote on church matters, and to become ministers. At home, daughters were treated as no less important than sons.
This was highly unusual in a time when a woman had no property other than their clothes. If they earned money, it belonged to their husband. They had complete control over their children. They could not sign a contract, make a will, or sue in a court of law. They could not vote in elections. By custom, women were barred from higher education and almost all professions except teaching.
Anthony first became active in the Daughters of Temperance, an organization that crusaded against the sale and use of liquor. Drunkenness was becoming a serious problem, especially for the wives of alcoholic husbands. Wife beating was not a crime, nor was alcoholism grounds for divorce.
Like their parents, Susan B. Anthony also became an abolitionist, supporting immediate freedom for slaves.
Susan B. Anthony is most famous as an early leader of the women's rights movement. They became convinced that women could not achieve equality unless they won the right to vote. In 1869, they and Elizabeth Cady Stanton started a new organization, the National Woman Suffrage Association. Its goal was nothing less than the passage of an amendment to the Constitution that would give women the right to vote.
Stanton was married and the mother of six children. They divided their time between their family and the women's rights movement. But Anthony, who had remained single, devoted themselves entirely to them cause.
It was not an easy life. Anthony gave lectures all over the country in support of women's suffrage. In one year alone, they traveled 13,000 miles and gave 171 lectures. Many nights they had to sleep in railroad stations.
They often are heckled, or worse. Gangs of ruffians sometimes broke into their lectures and threw rotten eggs at them They were accused of undermining the home, the family, and the purity of American womanhood.
But after the famous trial in 1872, they won more and more support. Younger women rallied around them They too went out and made speeches and handed out petitions. Affectionately, they called them "Aunt Susan." Even some men were beginning to admire them
In February 1906, Susan B. Anthony made their last speech at a convention in Baltimore. They were given a 10 minute ovation. They told the women, "I am here for a little time only, and then my place will be filled... The fight must not cease. You must see that it does not stop. Failure is impossible."
In March, they became ill and had to stay in bed in their Rochester, NY home. At that time, only four states, all in the West, allowed women to vote. Anthony told a friend, "I have been striving for over 60 years for a little bit of justice... and yet I must die without obtaining it. Oh, it seems so cruel." They were dead two days later.
Other women carried on the struggle. In 1919, Congress passed the 19th Amendment o the Constitution which was ratified in 1920 by the states. It said, "The right of a citizen of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or any state on account of sex."
One hundred years after their birth, Susan B. Anthony's dream had come true.
March 10, 1989
The threat exploded at the recent Black Hat conference when security researcher Peter Galloway told what they had done on a recent vacation: they went back to their Airbnb rental and attacked the WiFi network. Said Galloway: “Within five minutes flat, I owned the network.”
Read that again because what Galloway is saying is that – after they seized control of the network – they also owned just about everybody who used it to browse or send email. That means your every online move probably is theirs to see if you are also on that network.
Your banking, your email, your contacts, your every private thought is his.
Frightened?
Know: there are ways to protect yourself. Below there are two options that should keep your data safe.
The problem with vacation rental WiFi
Understand this first, however: this vulnerability is not unique to Airbnb. Any short term rental has the same susceptibilities. That means Vrbo, Homeaway, you name it.
Also know: this is a lot worse than the risks on hotel WiFi and those risks are so big that many experts have long advised travelers just to ignore the public WiFi in a hotel room or lobby. But WiFi in a short-term rental may be dramatically more dangerous.
That's because the bad guy usually will be able, easily, to physically access the router – and have their way with it. In many cases, a paperclip is all that is needed to gain permission to reset the router. From there, the bad guy can do whatever their evil heart desires. For instance, they can add a custom DNS server that in effect routes all network traffic through their own computer. That can persist for weeks, months, maybe years – because how often do you think Airbnb hosts exam their routers for security issues?
Here's the scenario: a cyber criminal checks into a high priced sharing economy rental for one night. The posher, the better and that is because the guests are that much likelier to themselves be affluent. They take control of the router and manipulates it into forwarding traffic through their computer where they can sift it.
And they have that data stream for months – probably, really, until the router is replaced. Most experts say a router will typically last 5 to 10 years before the owner replaces it. Think on that. For an investment of a one night stay, the criminal is probably buying access to years of traffic. That's everything from email log ins to online banking credentials and, with a little luck, maybe a stock brokerage account and health insurance credentials too.
What do you need to do to protect yourself?
Start by asking the host where the router is. Offer a pretext: I'm having trouble connecting, let me see the router and I'll know if I need to do anything special on my end.
If the router is publicly accessible, you need to go into defense mode.
If it is under lock and key, it's your call – but if you easily talked your way in to see it, know that a criminal could do likewise.
That's why, without precautions, we cannot recommend using Wi-Fi in a sharing economy lodging – even if you personally are friends with the owner (because how is he/she to know a past guest has not seized control of the router?). In fact even if you are the owner.
You have two options when it comes to using Wi-Fi at a shared economy lodging.
Option 1: Do not use it.
Create a Wi-Fi hotspot on your phone and tether a tablet or laptop to it.
On iPhone, open SETTINGS, click Personal Hotspot, slide the button to on. Done.
On Android, open SETTINGS, under Wireless & networks, click more….then click Tethering & portable hotspot. Slide to open the hotspot.
Your data will ride on the cellular data network – not the accommodation's WiFi – and cellular networks usually are very secure.
The one downside: you can go through a lot of data using a hotspot. Don't even think about streaming video and, honestly, songs, even large images and the occasional gargantuan PowerPoint will ding your monthly data charges. Stick with email, using simple apps, a little web surfing, tho, and a hotspot is fine. It is what most security professionals turn to in their worried moments.
Option 2: Use a VPN.
Rocket VPN is free for light users. The plus of a VPN is that it encrypts your data so that even if it is intercepted – and it will be when a criminal has hijacked the router – all the crook will see is computer gibberish.
The one downside of VPN: you may see a hit on speed but, honestly, you probably won't notice it if doing routine tasks like sending email, posting to Facebook, and conducting mobile banking.
The good news: either of these avenues will let you stay in an Airbnb lodging knowing your data is safe. They are safe, they work, use them to travel more securely no matter where you stay.
'Get in!': Father who had their penis chopped off by gipsies posts monster fry-up picture on Facebook after leaving hospital - but still faces months of surgery
Kevlin 'Kelly' Hewitt was allowed home from hospital yesterday
They posted picture of their hearty breakfast on Facebook with caption 'Get in'
Friends and family posted messages of support under the photo
The father-of-seven still faces months of plastic surgery
Friends believe attacker may have mistaken Mr Hewitt for someone else
Police are still investigating the incident
A father-of-seven who had their penis cut off in an attack friends believe was a case of mistaken identity has treated themselves to a full English on their release from hospital.
Kelvin 'Kelly' Hewitt, 40, was found covered in blood and searching for the severed organ at the side of the A66, near Middlesborough, at 4.50am on March 12.
After weeks of intense therapy, the construction worker was released from hospital yesterday.
Write caption here
One of the first things they did after being discharged was post the picture of the fry-up on their Facebook page, with the caption 'Get in'.
Friends and family of Mr Hewitt have written messages of support under the picture.
Jonathan Hewitt posted: 'Get it down you followed by a few bevies you deserve it'.
While Christopher Bracchi said: 'Now pal I'm glad ya on the mend hope all is well pal I'll see u for a pint sum time bud (sic).'
Despite being allowed home, Mr Hewitt still faces months of plastic surgery.
However, it is possible that they could make a recovery. Dr Raj Persad, a consultant urologist, told MailOnline that a new penis could be constructed even if the original tissue is lost.
They said: 'The best hope is that doctors have kept the tissue in a viable way so the penis can be reconnected. If the tissue is no longer viable, the options are limited.
'It may be possible to make a phallus – rather like that created in gender reassignment surgery.
'Here, tissue expanders can be used to create a flap of tissue that can be rolled into a phallus. The urethra would also have to be reconstructed.'
Police are still investigating the incident are are trying to piece together Mr Hewitt's movements in the 11 hours before they were found by the side of the A66.
Mr Hewitt was found covered in blood by the A66, near Middlesborough, police are still investigating
It is believed they were attacked at a site often used by the traveller community, in South Bank, near Middlesbrough.
While the assault was originally reported as a revenge attack, speaking last week, a close friend of Mr Hewitt told The Daily Mirror they though the assailant had attacked the wrong man.
They said: '‘He has a big family in the area, and it has shocked everyone who knows him.  They are no villain.
‘You wonder if they were in the wrong place, at the wrong time, and whoever did this was looking for someone else. We can see no reason for anyone having a go at them like this.'
After the incident, they had to be placed in an induced coma at James Cook University Hospital, Middlesborough.
Once they were woken up, specially trained officers visited them to conduct interviews but, for the first several attempts, they were too traumatised to speak.
A 22-year-old man was arrested in connection with the incident but was later released on police bail while inquiries into the attack continued.
Debbie Lewis, Mr Hewitt's ex-partner and mother of four of their children, previously said the family had been 'devastated' by the attack.
A bow case to protect your recurve bow should be high on your list of archery gear must-haves, as let's face it, recurve bows are valuable, both in cost, and the sentimental value that grows over time. A bow case for your recurve will help keep your bow safe. Plus, for many states it is a law to have your bow in a case when it is in the car.
With so many different cases out there what makes the best bow case for your recurve? You can spend more on your case than you did on your bow, but does that make it ‘more safe' than the next case? Answer is… Maybe? Every case is going to have its advantages and disadvantages. Let's take a look at a few styles and models of recurve bow cases here.
Hard Recurve Bow Cases
From airline approved travel bow cases to molded plastic, a hard bow case definitely has it on protection. Short of driving your car over them, they can take all sorts of punishment. Our 3Rivers travel bow cases offer the best on impact resistance. The Cordura ® outer shell adds plenty of style (definitely with our deluxe models that have leather end caps), and they fit many different size recurve bows, from one-piece to takedown recurves. So what's the negative? Well, all of our travel models are more than $100 a piece, which for many archers, is almost as much as they spent on their bow.
On a molded plastic case, like the Traveler takedown bow case (shown above), there is a foam cut interior providing lots of cushioning for storing your bow. The outer shell will chip if dropped on hard surfaces, but it's solid protection when transporting your bow in the back of a pick-up truck. . A couple of drawbacks are that it's not recommended for airline travel, and you have to disassemble your bow to put it away. But if you have a 3-piece takedown recurve, like the Samick Sage recurve, it is a solid option.
Soft Recurve Bow Cases
If you're looking to keep your bow safe, but don't need a ‘safe' to do it, then a soft bow case is up your alley. You can choose from the most basic bow sock like our 3Rivers stretch bow sock (perfect for a backseat trip), up to bow and arrows cases like our 3Rivers Strung Recurve/Longbow case. There are tons of different options when it comes to soft shell bow cases, such as strung vs. unstrung, or one-piece vs. takedown. There are also options as far as the different materials used. Our 3Rivers line of cases uses durable Cordura® for an outer tough shell to shield against most nicks and scrapes, with a soft fleece lining to add a little cushion for added safety.
Some bow cases will have added value with pockets or space for arrows. These can be a great addition, as having all your archery gear in one spot can be a lifesaver, keeping you from ripping up floor panels in the truck looking for a spare shooting tab.
So what IS the Best Recurve Bow Case?
One of the best things about archery is how personalized it can be. Which makes this a hard question to answer. If you don't plan on doing a lot of traveling in tight conditions, then a soft bow case may be the perfect fit for you, plus it saves money for future archery gear. Then again, having the peace of mind that a hard recurve bow case offers definitely warrants the cost when you have to shell out more money to replace a broken bow limb because you closed a car door on the tip. All comes down to what fits your style, and your budget.
By: Johnathan Karch
President Trump renewed their attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday, questioning on Twitter why the top U.S. law enforcement official had not replaced the acting FBI director — a move that Trump themselves has the authority to do.
In two tweets just before 10 a.m., Trump wrote: “Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got big dollars ($700,000) for their wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and their representatives. Drain the Swamp!”
Trump has for days been attacking their attorney general, and they have similarly been critical of McCabe, who took over as the acting director of the FBI after Trump fired James B. Comey. But the president's latest attack is curious.
[The standoff between Trump and Sessions escalates]
Sessions was not the attorney general during the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. And the president themselves could remove McCabe without Sessions. Administration officials actually contemplated doing so after Comey's firing. Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein met with four other candidates to lead the FBI on an interim basis, though the administration ultimately stuck with McCabe.
The others who interviewed were Michael Anderson, the special agent in charge of the FBI's Chicago division; Adam Lee, the special agent in charge of the FBI's Richmond division; Paul Abbate, the executive assistant director of the FBI's Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch; and William “Bill” Evanina, the national counterintelligence executive in the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Asked during the White House news briefing Wednesday why Trump hadn't simply removed McCabe himself, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders noted they had nominated Christopher A. Wray, a white-collar defense lawyer who had previously led the Justice Department's criminal division, to take the permanent FBI director job. They said Trump was “looking forward to getting them confirmed soon.”
[Trump is ratcheting up their abuse of Jeff Sessions. And Sessions has no good options.]
A Justice Department spokesperson declined to comment. The FBI also declined to comment.
In recent days, Trump has talked with advisers about replacing Sessions as their attorney general, and they have simultaneously criticized them in public. They have called Sessions “very weak'' on investigating Hillary Clinton's “crimes'' and claimed they had not aggressively hunted those who have leaked intelligence secrets since they have been in office.
At a news conference Tuesday, they said they were “disappointed” in Sessions and declined to say exactly what their future was.
“We will see what happens,” Trump said. “Time will well. Time will tell.”
Sanders said Wednesday that Trump was “disappointed” in Sessions, though they hinted that didn't necessarily mean they would be ousted.
“You can be disappointed in someone but still want them to continue to do their job,” Sanders said.
Sanders also seemed to reject the notion that Sessions could redeem themselves by, for example, launching a leak investigation.
“I don't think that's the nature of the relationship,” Sanders said.
Officials have said Sessions is due to announce in coming days a number of criminal leak investigations based on news accounts of sensitive intelligence information. Sanders said they did not believe the president and Sessions had spoken this week, though Sessions had been at the White House for a principals committee meeting.
Congressional Republicans have come to the defense of Sessions, publicly urging Trump to back off their criticism of the attorney general.
[Sen. Bob Corker: ‘No professional reason' for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to step down]
In a brief interview Wednesday Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) reiterated their public support for Sessions, which came Tuesday when McConnell praised Sessions' job performance and voiced support for the attorney general's recusal of the Russian investigation.
McConnell declined to say if they directly raised the issue with Trump but made clear that they have voiced that support for Sessions to high-level officials.
“I've conveyed that to the public and to others,” McConnell said.
A person familiar with internal White House discussions about Sessions said Trump's attacks on Sessions are a public airing of what the president has been saying for months privately — that they blame Sessions's recusal for the appointment of a special counsel to investigate possible ties to Russia. But the person cautioned that neither the president nor their advisers have articulated a plan for replacing Sessions with someone else, and the angry words are primarily a venting of the president's anger, rather than a calculated effort to drive the attorney general out of office.
Sessions has shown no indication of stepping aside voluntarily.
In a recent conversation, Sessions's chief of staff, Jody Hunt, told White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus that the attorney general had no intention of stepping down. Hunt, according to people familiar with the conversation, made it clear to Priebus that Sessions “plans to move forward with their agenda in the department, and they have no plans for resigning.'' Priebus, for their part, did not say Trump planned to fire Sessions if they did not leave, these people said.
Trump has also shown some ire for McCabe, who seemed to put themselves at odds with the Trump administration in May when, during an appearance before Congress, they rejected the White House's characterization of the Russian meddling probe as a low priority and delivered a passionate defense of Comey.
[Acting FBI director contradicts Trump White House on Comey, Russia probe]
Trump's latest line of attack refers to an issue that emerged late in the 2016 presidential campaign, when it was revealed that the political action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the 2015 state senate campaign of McCabe's wife, Jill McCabe. The Virginia Democratic Party, over which McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to McCabe's campaign in the form of mailers, according to state campaign records.
Andrew McCabe was a senior FBI official at the time of that 2015 election, which Jill McCabe lost. After that election, Andrew McCabe was promoted to the No. 2 position at FBI headquarters under then-FBI director Comey. As deputy director, McCabe was part of the senior leadership team overseeing the Clinton email investigation, and a stalled probe involving the Clinton Foundation. Within the FBI, some agents were concerned about McCabe's involvement in those cases, given the previous campaign donations, but FBI ethics officials told McCabe it was not a conflict of interest to be involved with those cases. The issue is now being investigated by the Justice Department's inspector general.
When the president fired Comey in May, McCabe became acting director of the FBI, and even had a White House interview to take the job on a permanent basis. Since Comey's firing, many inside the agency and the larger federal law enforcement workforce have rallied to support McCabe, who is generally regarded internally as trying to maintain and defend the agency's independence in the face of criticism from Trump.
Trump themselves has the power to replace McCabe as the interim FBI director. When officials were considering doing so months ago, they were relying on the Vacancies Reform Act, which says only the president can do so. Officials said at the time that if McCabe were to have been replaced, they would have returned to their role in the No. 2 spot.
Paul Kane, Philip Rucker and Jenna Johnson contributed to this article.
Fun, weird and sexy are words Hannah Hill uses to describe “The Hot Mess: A Sexy Show,” an upcoming Fairbanks burlesque event. The show is an annual fundraiser for Angry, Young & Poor (AYP), a concert held almost every summer since 2001.
“It's, hands down, one of our most popular annual events,” Hill said. Several fundraisers have already been held for this summer's concert, including a Doctor Who-themed dance and a singer/songwriter showcase.
David Leslie, a fellow “disorganizer” (as AYP members call themselves), says that the event is not just about sex. It's also about supporting local music, the community and tradition. “I like to think that burlesque has a strong history in Alaska, and I'm helping continue that tradition,” they said. “Everyone should feel sexy about their bodies and celebrate it.”
When Leslie says everyone, they mean it. “I've even invited my mother and grandmother [and] they're excited!” they said.
Hill helps organize AYP because they want to show that a community can create something amazing from nothing. “We do it because we love seeing all our friends at the same place at the same time, once a year,” they said, adding that it's important to have something to do and think about during the winter.
“We [also] do it because it's awesome,” Hill added.
She's been with AYP since the beginning, calling it “the thing I am most proud of in my life.”
The event will be loose and is billed as an open mic event. “Folks signed up to perform whatever it is that they find sexy. So, there's something for everyone. Promise.”
The money raised will go toward paying for borough insurance, as well as equipment rental/repair, locally printed t-shirts and a large slip ‘n' slide. “The…things that it takes to put on an all-day festival. It takes a lot,” Hill added.
The 21+ show will be held this Friday (June 14) at the Rock ‘n' Rodeo in Fairbanks. Tickets are $10. The official AYP summer concert will be July 13.
For more on AYP, watch this video:
It didn't take too long to the globalists to destroy Ukraine. White genocide is the priority, afterall.
They instantiated a fake war in the east, recruiting thousands of young Ukrainian men to the battlefield. Killing them, demoralizing them, and leaving the rear country defenseless.
Women stay alone and pray for their man to return… Or simply gargle their ego with occidental feminist dreams, sometimes selling their body to the first pornographer coming. Men fight, women betray, that is the cultural marxist agenda for Ukraine.
One of the last unconquered country at the door of Russia is Ukraine, and the land of these people shall remain neither Christian nor White. Because to their master, their lord is the false lord, it is no doubt local blood should also be replaced.
That is why Ukraine will now take some refugees. Europe took about 0 Ukrainian refugee; these having been taken were by chance, by mistake or for sex. The UNHCR says:
More than three years of conflict has left more than two million Ukrainians displaced from their homes. 480,000 others have sought asylum in neighboring countries. Many fled with barely anything and in search for safety. The conflict has impacted some of the most vulnerable populations in Ukraine – of the estimated 1.6 million IDPs in Ukraine, 900,000 are over the age of 60.
Never heard about that in any newspapers in Europe… But Ukraine HAS to take refugees and get more diverse if it wants to enjoy the true democratic heaven of the EU and NATO.
Ukrainian men and women, we pray for you. Don't let them in, beat them and keep your women safe. Because these women are your true treasure and the key to your future as Ukrainians.
Share this: WhatsApp
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Telegram
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
JYJ‘s Park Yoochun quietly enlisted in the army on August 27, but they left some messages for their fans to cheer them up as they prepare to wait two years for their return from their mandatory military duty.
Their agency C-JeS Entertainment posted a video to their official Instagram on August 27 that features Park Yoochun in a car saying to the camera, “I'll be back, bye!” and then laughing.
입소 전 팬들에게 인사. 그의 훈련소 가는길 심정을 담은 글이 오늘 저녁 9시 페북을 통해 공개 됩니다. #박유천 #건강하게 #입소 A video posted by C-JeS Entertainment (@cjes.tagram) on Aug 26, 2015 at 11:45pm PDT
JYJ's official Facebook posted a letter from Park Yoochun himself, along with a photo of them smiling in their new military hairdo. According to the caption on the above video on Instagram, they wrote this letter while in the car on the way to the training center. It reads as follows:
“Hello. It's Yoochun here.
By the time this letter is posted, I'll be at the training center. Hmm.. is it okay if I speak informally? Since we've known each other so long~ ^^
Hm. Before I entered the training center, I didn't really think about the army much at all for a long time, until suddenly I had these thoughts as I was doing interviews for pictorials and such. Thoughts like, ‘Wow, I'm really going to the army, I won't be working for a long time… I haven't taken time off work in ages…' So that's what made me feel like this is all real. I've known for a long time that I'd have to serve in the army around this time, but once the time actually came it didn't feel real. I decided that I wouldn't have any regrets. I heard that a lot of fans have been asking what I regret the most. I know that you can't fix things that you regret, so I think it would be better to just focus on what I'm grateful for rather than what I regret. I've been thinking that I'm so grateful to have received so much love, and to have been able to be so happy as I worked. Thank you so much^^
I can't express myself well and I have a lot to say, but I want to say that inside, I know everything and feel it all. Thank you so much.
But I'll try to answer your questions. I tried to pick a few of your questions to answer. What if I hadn't been a celebrity? I think I would have been a composer, or maybe a novelist..? Hmm.. I think so.
A lot of people asked what food I'm going to crave while I'm in training, but Jaejoong says that everything is delicious there, no matter what it is. I think there probably won't be something in specific that I really want to eat while I'm there.
To answer the question about what kind of project I want to do after I'm discharged, hmm.. A while back I had a few drinks with Kyung Goo, and I told them that when I'm discharged I definitely want to film a movie together with him. I have a lot to learn as an actor, and he's such a kind hyung to me, so I think I'd really like to do a project with him.
The person I will miss the most is always my father. As I become an adult and have more and more responsibilities, there are more things that I want to ask him. I want to see him, but because they are not here anymore, I'm always missing him.
The homework I'd give fans for their holiday is to be healthy and happy! I want to learn Chinese, and I want to read a lot of books.
Well then, are those answers enough? Jaejoong told me that they were determined to see my face for the last time during their break, but in the end we were only able to talk on the phone. I want to tell them that I'm so proud of him. And to Junsu, you are a friend that I like so much and also my fellow member. You'll be lonely all on your own, but hang in there and ‘fighting'!
To my fans, I'm so grateful. I'll be back soon safe and sound to make up for all of your support. Yesterday, on the day before I enlist, I was really – what should I call it – calm, as well as excited and happy. It's great to meet new people and have new experiences. We won't be able to see each other for a little while – no, a long time, but I hope that we'll each have a good time so that later on we can meet each other as even more mature people. Bye~~~~~~~~~~!!!! ^^”
Photos of the star as they entered the training camp have also been shared online. It's reported that just as they had planned, they didn't stand in front of the fans or reporters who were waiting at the entrance, and instead enlisted quietly. However, you can see them waving with a smile on their face at the crowd of fans, before looking much more serious as they salute.
Take care of yourself, Park Yoochun!
Source (1) (2)
Let's face facts.
What most fans are concerned about right now with Hue Jackson, isn't a revitalized rushing offense in a division that no longer applies for black-and-blue status -- granted that's more defined for the NFC North, but it sounds cool and gets to the point in a generic context.
What people want to know is, how will Jackson help Andy Dalton and how will the third-year quarterback (entering their fourth season), respond.
Jackson likes what he's seen so far, but wants to push them further.
"Any young man that has won 30 games and been to the playoffs three times has confidence. Now we have to take it and make it even better so that we can push them over the top," Jackson said via Bengals.com. "The way I speak will be the way Andy speaks.
The question about Dalton's future will be limited to 2014, when they play on the final year of their four-year rookie deal. Prior to this season, it's believed that the Bengals reserved nearly $10 million off their '13 salary caps to help with negotiations with wide receiver A.J. Green and Dalton. While Green is an obvious extension, things are a little less clear about Dalton.
Jackson sees more out of Dalton and wants them to reach a level of "elite" status in the NFL.
"I'm going to be the guy that pushes Andy and I think Andy will push himself," Jackson said. "I would hope that my expertise and my experiences and things that I've been through will be able to help him, along with (quarterbacks coach Ken) Zampese, because Kenny's done a great job with them so far to this point. Now we need to do something a little different to help them get to where he's called one of the elite quarterbacks in this league."
Dalton's young career is slowly developing into one where he's mostly successful during the regular season but falters in the postseason. Clearly one doesn't break franchise records, achieve franchise milestones, or accomplishes more with names like Ken Anderson and Boomer Esiason labeled as two of the best quarterbacks in team history.
However, until that elusive playoff win is claimed, Dalton will struggle to win over a city that's fledgling their support for him. But it's not like he's the first one to face these questions.
"You go look at some of the guys who are considered some of the best, they didn't win as many games in a three-year period," said Jackson. "Some of them didn't even see the playoffs. This young man has it. What we have to do is make sure that we're helping them to get it done at the level that we all want."
Trace Amine-Associated Receptor 1 (TAAR1) is a G protein-coupled receptor that is expressed in brain and periphery and responds to a class of compounds called trace amines, such as β-phenylethylamine (β-PEA), tyramine, tryptamine, octopamine. The receptor is known to have a very rich pharmacology and could be also activated by different classes of compounds, including dopaminergic, adrenergic and serotonergic ligands. It is expected that targeting hTAAR1 could provide a novel pharmacological approach for several human disorders, such as schizophrenia, depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, Parkinson's disease and metabolic diseases. Only recently, a small number of selective hTAAR1 agonists (among which RO5166017 and T1 AM) and antagonist (EPPTB), have been reported in literature. With the aim to identify new molecular entities able to act as ligands for this target, we used an homology model for the hTAAR1 and performed a virtual screening procedure on an in-house database of compounds. A number of interesting molecules were selected and by testing them in an in vitro assay we found several agonists and one antagonist, with activities in the low micromolar range. These compounds could represent the starting point for the development of more potent and selective TAAR1 ligands.
© 2014 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
PLEASANTON — John Madden is nearly 40 years removed from coaching the Raiders to their first Super Bowl win, and as they continue to watch them with their well-trained eye, they like what's coming into vision.
Madden shared those positive impressions, and some critical ones, during an hour interview recently at their family-owned Rose Hotel in their long-time hometown of Pleasanton.
The highlights from Madden's exclusive question-and-answer session with this newspaper:
Q: Has Jack Del Rio's arrival brought credibility and authenticity back to the Raiders?
A: “He brought them back to basics, to being a football organization. The things he's done with the practice facilities, the weight room, the fields, to make them feel good about themselves. They had a lot of deferred maintenance, and they brought everything up to date.
“I've gone to the preseason games and just watching their mannerisms on the sideline and how they handle themselves, they're an adult, pro football team now. There, for a while, they were not an adult, pro football team.
“Now what does that mean win/loss? I don't know. I know they won three football games last year, three of their last six. They're going to be improved, but if they win twice as many as a year ago, that's still six games. If they really improve and win eight games … A lot of people think, ‘They were bad, they improved and they'll go to the Super Bowl.' They haven't even played a game, yet.”
Q: So when is it safe to draw conclusions?
A: “You can't jump until you see what they are. I had a long talk a while ago with Tony Dungy about this, that years ago you could look at the team, before free agency, and tell who the top 10 teams were going to be, and eight would be in the playoffs and two in the Super Bowl. You'd be able to do that, you could get it close. Then with free agency, it took until the halfway point, after the eighth game, then you should be able to project who it will be. After a while, we agreed that's too soon, that it's after the 12th game.”
Q: So you're picking the Raiders, huh?
A: “No, no. They say they want to run the ball, but they haven't shown they can yet.”
Q: Latavius Murray looks like a hard-running back?
A: “Yeah, but they have to do it.”
Q: Do they have the offensive line for it?
A: “The line's not bad. It's not great but not bad.”
Q: Do they have anybody on defense besides Khalil Mack?
A: “Yeah, they have a couple linemen. Their defensive line looks pretty good. Their problem is cornerback.”
Q: Al wouldn't like that.
A: “They do look stouter on defense. They look like they'll be tougher to run against. They seem to be tackling better.”
Q: Nobody will celebrate a sack 20 yards behind the line of scrimmage?
A: “No, they won't do stuff like that anymore, not with Jack.”
Q: You coached Ken Stabler, and he's poised to join you next year in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Do you still vividly recall that one practice before the 1976 season's Super Bowl where Stabler was so great?
A: “The ball didn't hit the ground once. I had all these things. I had extra balls, because I wanted a dry ball. The worst thing you could have is a quarterback throw a wet ball, slip and do something to their elbow. So I wanted every ball dry, and we had only one hit the ground. They were perfect. Even that one that hit the ground, I blamed Casper.”
Q: But it was basically perfect?
A: “I remember walking off the field, thinking we have two days and just don't screw them up, don't do anything, like have them go out there to repeat it.”
Q: Did you practice the next day?
A: “Yeah, very little, and I don't know if I threw at all. I used to steal a page from what Chip Kelly does: I'd work them hard Wednesday and Thursday. I could do anything I want Wednesday and Thursday as long as I lay off on Friday, because they're young. I don't think that Friday we threw at all.”
Thanksgiving. It's about family. It's about gathering “together to ask the Lord's blessing,” as we sing in our all-American, non-denominational, way. It's about those mysterious Pilgrims, who toggle in our minds between being religious fanatics and cute cartoon characters—although you wonder how they kept their black and white outfits so crisp and clean on the frontier. And it's about food. What's Thanksgiving without those autumnal yummies: turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, sweet potato pie. But our historical understanding of the holiday's origins are as mashed up as our sweet potatoes. We blur Pocahontas, Captain John Smith, Squanto, and William Bradford, and the Mayflower into one geographically inaccurate, timeless mess. And while we believe we are replicating the Pilgrims' menu, they probably ate seal and lobster without sweet desserts, because their sugar stocks were depleted. Least appetizing of all, some of our settler forbears, these all-American heroes, were so hungry, so depraved by starvation that rather than consuming that Norman Rockwell-esque beautifully browned turkey, they ate chops of human cheek and chunks of human tongue.
Consider the colonist who mistook their pregnant wife for a meal. Although their name is lost to history, their story helps illuminate the mishmash that has become America's Thanksgiving tale. While some will use it to pillory the colonists as brutes, it actually highlights their achievements. Not only did they survive unbearable conditions and launch this great adventure called America, but amid all the misery they taught an invaluable lesson we should remember as we adjust to living in Trumpland: Don't forget to appreciate the good and say thanks, even when trouble strikes.
We don't know much about the pregnant-wife-murdering cannibal. George Percy, the colony's interim president, wrote an account in 1625 describing the misery of The Starving Time at Jamestown, Virginia. This reminds us that Thanksgiving celebrates two foundings, two colonies, separated by two decades and 595 miles. The first settlers arrived in Jamestown, with the Virginia Company in 1607. Thirteen years later, the Pilgrims in the Mayflower aimed for Virginia but found Cape Cod.
In Jamestown, our non-Pilgrim settler suspect may have been a noble's younger son—the oldest sons inherited the lands, often leaving their spoiled younger siblings deprived of resources, and thus ready for adventure. Such aristocrats—like Percy, who was the youngest son of the eighth Earl of Northumberland, insisted the cannibalism occurred among “the lower orders.” Yes, the British initially imported their class stratifications to America. The frontier's ferocity, however, eviscerated the differences. You survived based on smarts, grit, and dumb luck, not breeding, connections, or the luck to have inherited money.
Regardless of their background, this young man sailed enthusiastically to the New World. Although risky, it represented a colorful escape from 17th-century England's drab, oppressive life. The passage by ship had been endless and unnerving. The overcrowded ship stank, lurched, often seemed about to sink. Finally, after four months of suffering—the smell of pine (the American coast was so lush that magical scent wafted 180 nautical miles across the seas). The first days would have been exciting, embarking on this great adventure. Our colonist probably enjoyed the fact that they were one of the few with a wife—the first ships were all male.
Then, gradually, conditions soured. The ships didn't arrive with supplies as expected. The fields didn't yield the crops as hoped—they endured one of the worst droughts in 800 years. And those natives from the Powhatan Confederacy, who initially seemed friendly, turned hostile—recognizing that these settlers threatened the traditional way of life.
Imagine how miserable it turned that winter of 1609-1610. Four of every five settlers would die. Percy reported they ate their horses. They chewed leather goods. They then turned to “vermin as doggs Catts, Ratts and myce.” They sipped the blood of neighbors hacked by the Powhatan. Venturing beyond their fort's safety, they would “feede upon Serpentts and snakes.” Increasingly, “Extremety of hunger inforceinge others secrettly in the night to Cutt downe Their deade fellowes from of the gallowes and to bury them in their hungry Bowelles.” The human remains were often prepared carefully: “boiled and stewed with roots and herbs …. powdered… carbonadoed.”
Then, one awful day, our colonist killed, salted, and eventually ate their wife. Perhaps they never loved them Perhaps they loved them so much they kept begging them to end their misery—and save their baby from this living hell.
These settlers were not natural born killers or cannibals. Percy's testimony was one of five accounts of Jamestown cannibalism. In 2012 archaeologists found the remains of a 14-year-old girl in a trash dump, who had also been eaten by their comrades. Doug Owsley, a Smithsonian anthropologist, a Bones-type expert, notes, “They were clearly interested in cheek meat, muscles of the face, tongue, and brain.” But “there is a hesitancy, trial, and tentativeness in the marks that is not seen in animal butchery.” These hacks are stomach curdling but life affirming. Our desperate friend, their devastated buddies, didn't chop friends and relatives smoothly because they didn't violate this taboo easily.
Percy doesn't tell us how they first discovered the crime. For how long had they been missing? What desperate attempts to cover up did our settler try? Eventually, frontier justice caught up with him. They were hanged “by the Thumbes with weightes att their feete a quarter of an howere before they wolde Confesse the same.” Then, in this “emergency society,” in which you improvise to survive, another breach: They were punished in a most un-British way—burned alive.
Although this barbarous crime—and punishment—are pieces of our American puzzle, on Thanksgiving we celebrate the happy endings. We toast the hearty ones who survived in Jamestown after 1610, and recall its leader Captain John Smith, who credited Pocahontas with saving him. And we replicate the feast in 1621, uniting the Plymouth colonists, led by their commander on the Mayflower, Myles Standish, and their governor William Bradford, with the Wampanoag Indians. We give an extra cheer for Squanto, the member of the Pawtuxet tribe who helped the Pilgrims survive from 1620 to 1621.
Today, we celebrate both founding colonies. And, this Thanksgiving, as we express our gratitude, as we eat more palatable treats, let's take stock of our bounty, our freedom. And let's vow to create a politics worthy of those who sacrificed to create America, a politics expressing the best of us—not stirring the cannibal apparently living within us all.
Here are 25 pro tips for getting the most out of the new features of the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and its operating system, Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. Let's get right into it!
Editor's note: This post was originally written late last year, but for unforeseen reasons wasn't published on schedule. As such, excuse any youthful exuberance for the then freshly released Ice Cream Sandwich.
Set a data usage cap
One of the coolest additions of Ice Cream Sandwich are the new built-in data usage features. The Data Usage app, which you'll find near the top of the settings menu, will allow you to see how much data you've used so far this month, as well as setting an optional mobile data limit that will prevent you from incurring overcharges on data-limited contracts or pay-as-you-go deals. As well as showing you overall data use, there's also a list showing how much data each app has used and a graph that shows expected data usage.
Find backgrounds
With your new HD phone, you'll want some nice and crisp HD wallpapers to go along with it. While the Galaxy Nexus comes with a number of nice wallpapers (accessible via a long press on the home screen, then choose the Wallpaper option near the bottom), you can find new ones yourself.
Just head over to Google Image Search, and go to the search filters on the left hand side of the screen. Put in the phone's native resolution (720 pixels wide by 1080 pixels tall, and not the more standard 1280 x 720) and a search term – if you're looking for a wide range, try putting in a generic term like ‘wallpaper' or ‘720'.
You could also try looking on sites like wallbase.cc which specialise in wallpapers. Again, select the custom 720 x 1080 resolution or look for the ‘portrait' aspect ratio option.
Take screenshots
Taking screenshots in Ice Cream Sandwich is much easier than in previous iterations of the OS – just hold down the volume down and lock screen buttons simultaneously for about a second. Your current window will be saved as an image and put into the screenshot folder as you see the nice animation above. It'll also appear as a notification, so you can easily get to the newly taken image.
Swipe to shut down running apps
Ice Cream Sandwich's multi-tasking is great. One of the coolest features is how easy it is to close a background task – just bring up the tasks menu with the dedicated button on the bottom right of the screen, then swipe across (both left to right and right to left work in portrait, while it's up and down in landscape) to ask the task to close. It's useful to note that the apps aren't force-closed, so it's quite possible for them to still be running in the background.
Quick access to settings menu from notifications
A quick way of gaining access to the settings menu is (almost) hidden in the notifications menu. See that icon just to the right of the date (December 7, 2011)? That's a quick link to the settings menu – very useful!
Try out a new lock screen
If you'd like to try out the new face unlock system in Ice Cream Sandwich, or indeed any of the other options (including the traditional slide, pattern, PIN and password) then just head over to the Security option in the Settings menu. Then, choose screen lock to see the available options.
In addition to the ones listed below there's a none option, which instantly returns you to the screen that you were on. As the screen can't be manipulated without a finger coming into contact with it, this should be safe even when your phone's in your pocket.
Quick Response to incoming calls
You'll notice that when you receive an incoming call, you've got a new option available to you. As well as sliding left to reject and right to accept, you can also slide up to reject the call and send a text message to the caller. It's a jolly useful system, and you can also customise the responses available.
Save webpages for reading later
If you're offline a lot on your phone (e.g. you're traveling through areas with no cell service or you've turned off mobile data), then this can be a godsend. Just navigate to the page that you want to read later and select ‘save for offline reading' from the menu. Later, you can access that page without a connection – dead useful.
Go incognito
Incognito mode for mobiles might make a little less sense than for desktop users (as typically mobiles are shared less), but private browsing is still occasionally useful. Just click the tabs button near the top of the screen, then go to the three dots for additional options. One of them is ‘New incognito tab', which will ensure that your browsing isn't tracked – at least by your phone.
View Desktop Versions of websites
Frustrated by redirections to mobile sites that were obviously built for old school mobiles with tiny resolutions? In the new Ice Cream Sandwich browser, you can tick a box to request the desktop version of any site that has one, which works by spoofing your browser's user agent identification. This means the site thinks you're visiting from a desktop version of Chrome, and gives you the full experience. This feature was hidden in Gingerbread, requiring you to type about:useragent into the title bar then select an option in the popup that appeared, so this implementation is definitely a lot more convenient.
Pinch to zoom in calendar
One of the cooler features in the new calendar mode is the inclusion of pinch-to-zoom. This was present in some manufacturer's distributions of Gingerbread, but is new to stock Ice Cream Sandwich. Using pinch to zoom, you can really stretch out the hours for a detailed look at your appointments if they're coming fast and furious, or pinch it together to get a grasp on the whole day.
Do video group chats in hangout
The most requested feature of Google Plus has finally been added – video hangouts. While you still can't launch a hangout from your mobile from the Google+ itself, you can at least join into and be invited to Hangouts that are already in progress, or launch a hangout from the Messenger app.
Equalise your music in the music player
Another addition that was made by many OEMs in their custom builds of Gingerbread has made it into the stock kernel of Ice Cream Sandwich – audio equalisation. The controls, which are pretty standard for their utility, work well enough and provide a degree of control over your aural experience. There are several presets available as well as the custom mix. To get here, go to ‘Now playing', then ‘Sound effects'.
Use voice recognition to dictate messages
In the voice-control wars, Google have struck a powerful blow with the new microphone technology present in ICS. The new ‘open-microphone' feature allows instant feedback on your dictation, meaning you won't get to the end of a long rant before you realise that the first half was completely misunderstood. It's also easier to add punctuation, as you can specifically say “comma” to add a comma, instead of having the phone guess where you would like it. Other punctuation works similarly well, and while it sounds odd out loud it makes a lot of sense for dictation.
Panorama mode
A cool addition to the camera is panorama mode. This mode, which was rumoured to be in iOS but is yet untapped, allows you to move your phone from left to right to capture a wider vista. The mode isn't perfect, given the Galaxy Nexus' imprecise camera, but should be golden for later models with more impressive hardware.
Access camera settings
Camera settings are partially hidden away on Ice Cream Sandwich, at least compared to its predecessor Gingerbread. The settings are revealed by tapping on a settings button on the lower left hand side of the camera window, and allow you to change the white balance, exposure and scene.
There are also options to lower the picture size (by default, the biggest the sensor will support) and save GPS information with each picture taken.
While custom camera apps will undoubtedly include more features, as will later phones with better hardware, this is a good start.
Camera from lock screen
In another move that mirrors the iPhone 4S, you can access the camera from the lock screen in Ice Cream Sandwich. Just move the slider to the left instead of to the right, and you'll soon find yourself in the camera application.
This pairs well with the instant shutter feature of the camera, meaning that the time from having your phone in your pocket to a picture being taken is much smaller than it was in previous incarnations of Android.
Disable apps
One of the most annoying things about many manufacturer's custom Android builds were the unremovable branded apps. While some of these were genuinely useful, many were wastes of space that couldn't be removed or hidden. Now you're able to disable apps that you don't want, preventing them from being run if not completely obliterating them. It's unknown if carriers will allow this control to remain in their custom versions, but it's a good sign that it's included in the first place.
Access the Nyan Cat Android Easter egg
Everyone's favourite internet feline has made a cameo appearance in Ice Cream Sandwich. Using the now well-known trick, just go to the ‘About Your Phone' section in the settings menu. If you tap continually on the Android version label, you'll soon see the beginnings of a Nyan Cat-style animation. Long press on the centre, and soon Nyan-Droid will begin flying through space in the typical fashion.
Change screen animations, transition animations
A good way to make your phone act and feel faster is to turn off the screen and transition animations. Whilst these look cool and are great for showing off your delicious Ice Cream Sandwich, they can cost you a bit of time and leave the phone feeling a wee bit sluggish.
If you go into the development options menu of the settings, you can choose a multiplier of the animation speed, anywhere from 10x as slow to zero. Without the animations and transitions enabled, the phone does feel that extra bit speedier, so it's up to you to decide if the lowered swish is worth it.
Change your launcher
Of course, custom launchers make a reappearance in Android 4.0. Launcher Pro is a good choice for Galaxy Nexus users, as it allows many more apps to be shown on screen at once, a worthwhile investment given the phone's HD screen. Other launchers, including Go Launcher EX, are also available, although none are quite as nice-looking as the default Ice Cream Sandwich launcher at present.
Stay awake
Another interesting development option in ICS is the ability to keep your phone awake whilst its charging. This means that the screen will only dim instead of turning off, allowing you to check the screen without needing to unlock first. This can be a real time-saver, particularly if you've got your phone on your desk and you need to refer to it often.
Install new firmware
The source code for Ice Cream Sandwich has only been available for a few weeks, but already enterprising XDA developers have begun creating their own builds. One, called MoDaCo Custom ROM, includes a number of bug fixes and feature enhancements to the stock OS — the chocolate alternative to vanilla Android. Other popular distros, like Cyanogen Mod, are coming as well.
Create app folders
In Gingerbread, creating app folders was a bit flaky. Now things have improved significantly, with the plain manila folders being replaced with transparent globules that show off the first three apps inside them. This gives a bit of character to each one, and means that it's much easier to tell them apart at a glance.
Upgrade your notification menu
By installing the Beautiful Widgets package, you'll find you can add the current weather conditions to your notification screen. The temperature will be displayed at the top left of the screen, and if you can scroll down you can see the weather report as well. Very useful stuff!
Thanks for reading — if you've found this useful, why not leave a comment below?
Image copyright Tom Uhlman Image caption Ipuh at the Cincinnati Zoo
Scientists have decoded the genome of the Sumatran rhinoceros - one of the most threatened mammals on Earth.
Its genetic blueprint shows that populations have been in decline for a very long time.
The rhino's troubles began during the last Ice Age, when its habitat shrunk, says a US team.
Since then, human pressures have caused numbers to dwindle further. There are now thought to be fewer than 250 individuals left in the wild.
"This species has been well on its way to extinction for a very long time," said study researcher, Terri Roth at the Center for Conservation and Research of Endangered Wildlife at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden.
The genome sequence data revealed the Pleistocene "was a roller-coaster ride for Sumatran rhinoceros populations," added lead researcher, Dr Herman Mays of Marshall University in West Virginia.
The Pleistocene is the geological time period that lasted from about 2,588,000 to 11,700 years ago, spanning the world's most recent Ice Age.
Genetic legacy
The researchers sequenced and analysed the first whole Sumatran rhino genome from a sample belonging to a well-known male at Cincinnati Zoo.
Ipuh lived at the zoo from the 1990s, but died four years ago at the age of 33. They sired three offspring, more than any other Sumatran rhino in the world, and deposited their genetic material in a gene bank.
Image copyright Tom Uhlman Image caption Ipuh sired several rhino offspring
From their DNA, scientists were able to model the population history of the Sumatran rhino.
They say the population approached 60,000 individuals about 950,000 years ago.
By about 12,000 years ago - the end of the Pleistocene - Sumatran rhinos had lost much of their suitable habitat, like many other large mammals.
Land bridges exposed during the Ice Age connecting the islands of Borneo, Java, and Sumatra to the Malay Peninsula and mainland Asia had disappeared into the sea.
By 9,000 years ago, numbers had declined dramatically due to climate pressures.
"Their population bottomed out and never showed signs of recovery," said Prof Mays.
"The Sumatran rhinoceros species is hanging on by a thread," Dr Roth added. "We need to do more to save it."
Human hunting
The Sumatran rhino once roamed from the foothills of the Himalayas in Bhutan and north-eastern India, through southern China, Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam and the Malay Peninsula, and onto the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia.
The species is now confined mainly to Sumatra and is listed as Critically Endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
The IUCN says over-hunting for its horn and other medicinal products has driven the animal to the brink of extinction.
There are over 20 Sumatran rhinos in captivity, mostly in Indonesia and Malaysia, with a few in the US.
Hundreds of large mammal species disappeared after the last Ice Age, due to climate change, loss of vegetation and human hunting.
Genetics gives researchers a window into the past; from a single whole genome sequence, they are able to model how the size of a population has changed over time.
This is particularly useful for ancient DNA or in very rare animal populations; it has been used to study the giant panda, passenger pigeon and the woolly mammoth.
Follow Helen on Twitter.
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.88.78 with SMTP id m75csp2065033lfb; Sun, 13 Mar 2016 12:06:44 -0700 (PDT) X-Received: by 10.107.8.30 with SMTP id 30mr21189601ioi.60.1457896004125; Sun, 13 Mar 2016 12:06:44 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <bi@globalculturalstrategies.com> Received: from p3plsmtpa06-04.prod.phx3.secureserver.net (p3plsmtpa06-04.prod.phx3.secureserver.net. [173.201.192.105]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id eh10si9713809igb.100.2016.03.13.12.06.43 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLS1_2 cipher=AES128-SHA bits=128/128); Sun, 13 Mar 2016 12:06:44 -0700 (PDT) Received-SPF: neutral (google.com: 173.201.192.105 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of bi@globalculturalstrategies.com) client-ip=173.201.192.105; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=neutral (google.com: 173.201.192.105 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of bi@globalculturalstrategies.com) smtp.mailfrom=bi@globalculturalstrategies.com Received: from Guitar44 ([71.16.202.210]) by p3plsmtpa06-04.prod.phx3.secureserver.net with id VX6i1s0084YsVPK01X6jl9; Sun, 13 Mar 2016 12:06:43 -0700 From: "Bill Ivey GCS" <bi@globalculturalstrategies.com> To: john.podesta@gmail.com Subject: From Bill Ivey Date: Sun, 13 Mar 2016 14:06:42 -0500 Message-ID: <000401d17d5b$7b428cf0$71c7a6d0$@globalculturalstrategies.com> MIME-Version: 1.0 Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="----=_NextPart_000_0005_01D17D31.926C84F0" X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 15.0 Thread-Index: AdF9WPGoM3HORXdcTvuXkH5zd+Zc6g== Content-Language: en-us ------=_NextPart_000_0005_01D17D31.926C84F0 Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii" Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit Dear John: Well, we all thought the big problem for our US democracy was Citizens United/Koch Brothers big money in politics. Silly us; turns out that money isn't all that important if you can conflate entertainment with the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and their hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming strongman and we're off and running. JFK, Jr would be delighted by all this as their "George" magazine saw celebrity politics coming. The magazine struggled as it was ahead of its time but now looks prescient. George, of course, played the development pretty lightly, basically for charm and gossip, like People, but what we are dealing with now is dead serious. How does this get handled in the general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold; what can they do to offset this? I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think not. And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This problem demands some serious, serious thinking - and not just poll driven, demographically-inspired messaging. Rubio's press conference yesterday AM was good and should be repeated in its entirety, not just in nibbles. I will attend the Clinton fundraiser here next week but as I can only afford the low level of participation may just get to wave without a "hello." I fear we are all now trying to navigate a set of forces that cannot be simply explained or fully understood, so it is and will reamin interesting! Sent with a handshake, Bill ------=_NextPart_000_0005_01D17D31.926C84F0 Content-Type: text/html; charset="us-ascii" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <html xmlns:v=3D"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:vml" = xmlns:o=3D"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" = xmlns:w=3D"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:word" = xmlns:m=3D"http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/2004/12/omml" = xmlns=3D"http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40"><head><meta = http-equiv=3DContent-Type content=3D"text/html; = charset=3Dus-ascii"><meta name=3DGenerator content=3D"Microsoft Word 15 = (filtered medium)"><style><!-- /* Font Definitions */ @font-face {font-family:"Cambria Math"; panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4;} @font-face {font-family:Calibri; panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;} /* Style Definitions */ p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal {margin:0in; margin-bottom:.0001pt; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif;} a:link, span.MsoHyperlink {mso-style-priority:99; color:#0563C1; text-decoration:underline;} a:visited, span.MsoHyperlinkFollowed {mso-style-priority:99; color:#954F72; text-decoration:underline;} span.EmailStyle17 {mso-style-type:personal-compose; font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif; color:windowtext;} .MsoChpDefault {mso-style-type:export-only; font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif;} @page WordSection1 {size:8.5in 11.0in; margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in;} div.WordSection1 {page:WordSection1;} --></style><!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <o:shapedefaults v:ext=3D"edit" spidmax=3D"1026" /> </xml><![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]><xml> <o:shapelayout v:ext=3D"edit"> <o:idmap v:ext=3D"edit" data=3D"1" /> </o:shapelayout></xml><![endif]--></head><body lang=3DEN-US = link=3D"#0563C1" vlink=3D"#954F72"><div class=3DWordSection1><p = class=3DMsoNormal>Dear John:<o:p></o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal><o:p> </o:p></p><p class=3DMsoNormal>Well, we all = thought the big problem for our US democracy was Citizens United/Koch = Brothers big money in politics. Silly us; turns out that money = isn't all that important if you can conflate entertainment with = the electoral process. Trump masters TV, TV so-called news picks = up and repeats and repeats to death this opinionated blowhard and theirs = hairbrained ideas, free-floating discontent attaches to a seeming = strongman and we're off and running. JFK, Jr would be delighted by = all this as their “George” magazine saw celebrity politics = coming. The magazine struggled as it was ahead of its time but now = looks prescient. George, of course, played the development pretty = lightly, basically for charm and gossip, like People, but what we are = dealing with now is dead serious. How does this get handled in the = general? Secretary Clinton is not an entertainer, and not a = celebrity in the Trump, Kardashian mold; what can they do to offset = this? I'm certain the poll-directed insiders are sure things = will default to policy as soon as the conventions are over, but I think = not. And as I've mentioned, we've all been quite = content to demean government, drop civics and in general conspire to = produce an unaware and compliant citizenry. The unawareness = remains strong but compliance is obviously fading rapidly. This = problem demands some serious, serious thinking – and not just poll = driven, demographically-inspired messaging.<o:p></o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal><o:p> </o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal>Rubio's press conference yesterday AM was good = and should be repeated in its entirety, not just in nibbles. I = will attend the Clinton fundraiser here next week but as I can only = afford the low level of participation may just get to wave without a = “hello.”<o:p></o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal><o:p> </o:p></p><p class=3DMsoNormal>I fear we = are all now trying to navigate a set of forces that cannot be simply = explained or fully understood, so it is and will reamin = interesting!<o:p></o:p></p><p class=3DMsoNormal><o:p> </o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal>Sent with a handshake,<o:p></o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal><o:p> </o:p></p><p = class=3DMsoNormal>Bill<o:p></o:p></p></div></body></html> ------=_NextPart_000_0005_01D17D31.926C84F0--
Rape is the fastest-growing crime among juveniles; 86 percent of teens arrested for various crimes come from poor families, only six percent were homeless and less than six percent were girls, crime data for the last 10 years reveals.
Arrests of juveniles in the 16-18 age-group increased 60 percent from 2003 to 2013, the highest among all three juvenile age groups, according to data from the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), a division of the home ministry.
Juvenile arrests for rape rose 288 percent over this period and arrests for theft increased 68 percent, the data showed.
Contrary to popular belief that juveniles from broken homes commit the most crimes, 81 percent of teens arrested in 2013, lived with their parents, the data revealed.
The figures lend perspective to an unfolding national debate around a cabinet decision to enact a law that proposes trying juveniles as adults.
The demand for such a law arose after a 17-year-old was sentenced to three years in a reform facility after they and five others gang-raped and battered a physiotherapy student in a Delhi bus on December 16, 2012.
The proposed law provides that in the case of heinous crimes committed by adolescents aged 16 to 18, for examination by a Juvenile Justice Board to assess if the suspect should be regarded as a child or an adult.
Children living with parents committed most crimes
As mentioned earlier, juveniles living with parents accounted for more than 80 percent of arrests - 35,244 in 2013, according to the NCRB report.
No more than 2,462, or six percent, of juveniles arrested in 2013 were homeless and 5,800 lived with guardians.
Seventy-seven percent of juveniles arrested in 2013 belonged to poor families with annual incomes up to Rs 50,000.
As many as 8,392 juveniles arrested were illiterate and 13,984 had gone to primary schools.
When juveniles arrested are beyond the law
As many as 379,283 minors were arrested in the period 2003-13 under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and special and local laws, according to the NCRB.
In 2013, 28,830 kids between the ages of 16 and 18 were arrested under IPC and special and local laws, comprising 66 percent of juvenile arrests in India.
Of 43,506 juveniles arrested in 2013, 1,867 (4.3 percent) were girls. Over 10 years from 2003 to 2013, 357,935 boys and 21,348 girls were arrested.
Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra lead in teen arrests
From 2003 to 2013, Madhya Pradesh reported 75,037 arrests of juveniles followed by Maharashtra with 72,154 arrests.
In 2013, 43,506 juveniles were arrested. Maharashtra, with 8,012 juvenile arrests, ranked first, followed by Madhya Pradesh (7,365), Tamil Nadu (3,142), Andhra Pradesh (3,133) and Rajasthan (2,882).
The number of juveniles arrested on rape charges rose 288 percent, as we said, from 535 in 2003 to 2,074 in 2013. As many as 10,693 juveniles were arrested on rape charges over 10 years from 2003 to 2013.
Similarly, arrests on the charge of assaulting a woman "with intent to outrage their modesty (section 354 IPC)" and "insult to modesty of women (sec 509 IPC)" rose 117 percent compared to the previous year.
Most juveniles were arrested for theft in 2013: 7,969 of them.
Over to parliament
Parliament will now decide if juveniles can be tried as adults.
One of the major amendments include removal of a clause in the law that relates to the trial of a person above the age of 21 years as an adult for committing serious offences when the person was between the ages of 16 and 18.
The amendment also increases the period of preliminary inquiry by the Juvenile Justice Board in case of heinous offences committed by children aged 16 to 18.
The amendment to the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Bill, 2014, will be introduced in the current session of Parliament.
(In arrangement with Indiaspend.org, a data-driven, non-profit, public-interest journalism platform, with which Chaitanya Mallapur is a Policy Analyst. The views expressed are personal)
As we mentioned in a couple previous posts, while at the AHA National Homebrewers Conference in Philly last month, we attended a seminar on cider-making. Though we had never brewed a cider before, we do enjoy drinking them and figured this would be a good way to dip our toes in the apple juice, as the saying goes. We were quite encouraged by the relatively low initial equipment investment compared to home brewing (all we had to purchase was a 5 gallon fermenter, a couple airlocks and carboys) so we decided to give it a shot. The entire process took about 3-4 weeks and our cider is now sitting in several growlers, packed up and ready to be served at the North Fork Craft Beer, Wine & BBQ Festival tomorrow. We separated our 5 gallon batch into 5 carboys so we could experiment and flavor them all a bit differently: stock apple, fresh cherries, fresh cherries + vanilla + spice, cider spices: clove, cinnamon, nutmeg, etc and the wildcard, ras al hanout, which is a North African spice blend. Be sure to stop by the LIBME table tomorrow and give one (or all 5) a try and let us know what you think. Below is a bit of a picture tutorial on the process but if you have any questions please feel free to comment, E-mail, Tweet or just track us down and ask.
(Santa Barbara, Calif.) –– Though humans generally have a tendency to look at a region just below the eyes and above the nose toward the midline when first identifying another person, a small subset of people tend to look further down –– at the tip of the nose, for instance, or at the mouth. However, as UC Santa Barbara researchers Miguel Eckstein and Matthew Peterson recently discovered, "nose lookers" and "mouth lookers" can do just as well as everyone else when it comes to the split-second decision-making that goes into identifying someone. Their findings are in a recent issue of the journal Psychological Science.
"It was a surprise to us," said Eckstein, professor in the Department of Psychological & Brain Sciences, of the ability of that subset of "nose lookers" and "mouth lookers" to identify faces. In a previous study, they and postdoctoral researcher Peterson established through tests involving a series of face images and eye-tracking software that most humans tend to look just below the eyes when identifying another human being and when forced to look somewhere else, like the mouth, their face identification accuracy suffers.
The reason we look where we look, said the researchers, is evolutionary. With survival at stake and only a limited amount of time to assess who an individual might be, humans have developed the ability to make snap judgments by glancing at a place on the face that allows the observer's eye to gather a massive amount of information, from the finer features around the eyes to the larger features of the mouth. In 200 milliseconds, we can tell whether another human being is friend, foe, or potential mate. The process is deceptively easy and seemingly negligible in its quickness: Identifying another individual is an activity on which we embark virtually from birth, and is crucial to everything from day-to-day social interaction to life-or-death situations. Thus, our brain devotes specialized circuitry to face recognition.
"One of, if not the most, difficult task you can do with the human face is to actually identify it," said Peterson, explaining that each time we look at someone's face, it's a little different –– perhaps the angle, or the lighting, or the face itself has changed –– and our brains constantly work to associate the current image with previously remembered images of that face, or faces like it, in a continuous process of recognition. Computer vision has nowhere near that capacity in identifying faces, yet.
Postdoctoral researcher Matthew Peterson, left and Miguel Eckstein, professor in the Department of Psychological & Brain Sciences at UCSB
(Photo Credit: UCSB)
So it would seem to follow that those who look at other parts of a person's face might perform less well, and might be slower to recognize potential threats, or opportunities.
Or so the researchers thought. In a series of tests involving face identification tasks, the researchers found a small group that departed from the typical just-below-the-eyes gaze. The observers were Caucasian, had normal or corrected to normal vision, and no history of neurological disorders –– all qualities which controlled for cultural, physical, or neurological elements that could influence a person's gaze.
But instead of performing less well, as would have been predicted by the theoretical analysis of the investigators, the participants were still able to identify faces with the same degree of accuracy as just-below-the-eyes lookers. Furthermore, when these nose-looking participants were forced to look at the eyes to do the identification, their accuracy degraded.
The findings both fascinate and set up a chicken-and-egg scenario for the researchers. One possibility is that people tailor their eye movement to the properties of their visual system –– everything from their eye structures to the brain functions they are born with and develop. If, for example, one is able to see well in the upper visual field (the region above where they look), they can afford to look lower on the face without losing the detail around the eyes when identifying someone. According to Eckstein, it is known that most humans tend to see better in the lower visual field.
The other possibility is the reverse –– that our visual systems adapt to our looking behavior. If at an early age a person developed the habit of looking lower on the face to identify someone else, their visual system over time brain circuits specialized for face identification could develop and arrange itself around that tendency.
"The main finding is that people develop distinct optimal face-looking strategies that maximize face identification accuracy," said Peterson. "In our framework, an optimized strategy or behavior is one that results in maximized performance. Thus, when we say that the observer-looking behavior was self-optimal, it refers to each individual fixating on locations that maximize their identification accuracy."
Future research will delve deeper into the mechanisms involved in those who look lower on the face to determine what could drive that gaze pattern and what information is gathered.
When identifying someone, most humans tend to look first just below the eyes, toward the midline of the face. However, a small subset of people will tend to look lower.
(Photo Credit: UCSB)
Source: University of California - Santa Barbara
A 'minesweeping' pig has been barred from a pub bar and slapped with a booze ban - after it started robbing pints and headbutting punters.
The micro-pig called Frances Bacon eats, sleeps and drinks at their owner's inn but started 'minesweeping' - drinking from discarded ale glasses.
Customers have now been warned not to serve them any booze - and their owners are making sure they don't drink from any unattended glasses.
Landlords Ian and Vicky Taylor-Ross only realised the Vietnamese Pot-Belly was swilling from the pint pots when they started butting into customer's legs.
Customers had also started letting them sup beer or cider from their drinks at the Conquering Hero pub.
They have also had to shift their pork scratchings, crisps and peanuts to a higher shelf behind the bar in case snuffling Frances tries to eat them.
The greedy pig once ate a big bag of nuts - and was thirsty for days.
Ian, 43, and Vicky, 39, have raised the four-year-old pig since they were just six weeks old but now they are fully grown, Frances is becoming a bit of a 'loveable menace.'
They said: "She's lovely - definitely our favourite regular. We've had to bar them from having any beer though.
"She managed to nick a pint or two and then started butting into people. But we're keeping a closer eye on them now and that won't happen again."
They now warn their customers to keep their beers away from Frances and to let them nowhere near their pork scratchings.
Frances will gobble down anything but must be kept on a strictly vegetarian diet at the West Norwood, south London boozer - and even has their own space in the beer garden.
How Baseball REALLY developed from Cricket 1. THE EARLIEST DEVELOPMENTS
Most cricketers have heard that baseball developed out of an early form of cricket (called "rounders"). But the full story is more complicated, and says a great deal about early cricket in America as well.
According to the United States Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association (US-SGMA), those English immigrants who had settled in New York spent their free time playing cricket in the 1700s.
Up the coast in Boston, cricket was also played by English immigrants, notably those who considered themselves as gentry.
But Boston had begun quite early on to acquire both a plebean and an Irish flavor. The game of rounders, an earlier form of cricket which seems to have been favored by the Irish, as well as by English children in the 16th century, became the game of choice among the youth.
The Boston cricketers of the time encouraged "Rounders" as a secondary diversion, and even allowed it to be played in their cricket fields by those who preferred an alternative to the more formal sport of cricket. So "early baseball", i.e. " US Rounders", grew up in the USA under cricket's benign umbrella. It stayed that way for about the first hundred years of its existence. 2. US ROUNDERS IN THE 1750S In the 1750s, US Rounders involved only two bases, probably because cricket (of that time and later) used a two-base system as well.
The pitcher was known then as the 'feeder,' the batter was called the 'striker,' and the fielders were referred to as the 'scouts.'
Basically, the 'feeder' threw a slow, underhand pitch from one base to the 'striker' at the other, exactly where they were asked to deliver it. (If the 'feeder' failed to satisfy the 'striker's' requests, the 'striker' could demand that the 'feeder' be replaced!) The 'striker' would hit the ball as far as they could, and this would enable them to run back and forth between their original position and the other stake, each successful run scoring a point.
The scouts or the feeder would field the ball, and try to hit the striker with the ball before they could finish their run and grab the base they were running to (he would be "safe" as long as they were holding the post which served as a base).
In other words, the MAJOR differerence between early Rounders and Cricket in North America was that the bowler/pitcher had no role in getting the batter out...the batter could only be "run out" or "caught". 3. THE CHANGE towards 4-BASE PLAY
As more participants joined the game, they set out more stakes around which the 'striker' had to run before getting back 'home.'...giving the "scouts" more targets to throw at !
With the changes in rules, came a name change as well. Instead of "Rounders", the game now began to be called "Townball," i.e. an urban sport� unlike cricket, which was then a bucolic and leisure-class activity.
The stakes which functioned as bases in "Townball" were much closer to each other than the bases in a modern-day baseball diamond---20 yards, as opposed to today's 30 yards. Also, their disposition was "square", not diamond-like. The number of bases or stakes were usually four by the early 19th century, although earlier they had varied from two to five. And the pitcher/ feeder stood only 12 yards away from the batter/striker, whose position was between the First and Fourth stakes, about 10 yards away from each. Look at the following diagram, comparing Boston's 1850s Townball "square" with the standard cricket pitch. You can easily see, from the diagram, how a Townball "square" could develop from cricket net-practice sessions.
Just imagine a practice "pitch" on the side of a cricket field, and extend both popping creases 20 yards into the field. You will have a Townball "square"... and an excellent post-game cricket exercise in batting and fielding! And that was exactly how early baseball first developed, out of 19th-century US cricket... Not to be outdone by Boston, the New Yorkers renamed their version of rounders 'The New York Game'. They fixed the number of stakes at four bases instead of two wickets.
A complete batting order where all persons had batted was termed a 'hand', exactly as in early cricket, but batting would rotate between the opposite sides on every 'out'. A complete trip around the bases was called an 'ace.' For the New York Game, the winner was the first team to score 21 aces, i.e. bring 21 runners "home".
As the New York Game became established, in 1845 a young surveyor by the name of Alexander Cartwright designed the first baseball diamond, departing from Boston's "Town Square" design. A year later in Hoboken, NJ, 'The New York Game' was played on a field using Cartwright's dimensions. The contest featured the New York Nine vs. the Knickerbocker Club.
Each club had nine players, apparently for no better reason than that New York insisted on that number....and in those days, what New York wanted, New York got. 4. BEGINNINGS of MODERN BASEBALL
The arrival of the Civil War helped spread the popularity of the ' New York Game.' Many soldiers from the Northeast were seen carrying their equipment while on duty. After the Civil War, the game became a popular activity, as every hamlet, village, town, and settlement formed a team.
A challenge match between teams from nearby communities was often the setting for a local holiday.
As interest in baseball rose, changes were made to ensure the game's continued popularity.
For instance, by the early 1800s a round bat was used instead of a flat cricket bat. Modern cricket bats are expensive and individualized to suit the tastes of different batters, while baseball bats can be used by just about anybody who wants to play. All players (including the catcher) started using padded mitts and protective gear when necessary.
More importantly, the rules were also changed to give back the 'feeder' or 'pitcher' more of a role in getting batters out.
First, they were allowed to pitch as they wished, not how the striker wanted them to (as in rounders). Then, the batter was restricted to three "strikes" (i.e. "misses") on accurate pitches, but earned a free base run after four inaccurately thrown pitches (the "four balls" rule)...meaning, a batter was on base for no more than 5 to 10 pitches every time they came in to bat.
Scoring hits were soon restricted to the spaces between the bases facing the batter. Another change: Previously, the batting side would change on every "out", but both sides would keep batting until 21 runners had been brought safely "home". Now, the team bringing more runners "home" for a given number of "outs" was allowed to claim victory.
Finally, allowing each inning to consist of three "outs" effectively replaced the old "hands" into three batting forays per side... and, by alternating these new "innings", each team got the chance to match or surpass the other's score throughout the course of the game. This increased the suspense of winning or losing, always an important factor in American sport. 5. A FINAL COMPARISON There is a hidden irony in the way things happened, in both baseball and cricket.
Early baseball (i.e. US rounders) was supposed to give batters more opportunities than in cricket, by reducing the role of the pitcher/bowler to that of "feeder". Yet todays' baseball is a pitcher's game....while modern cricket is the sport that really gives batters the major role !
Baseball and cricket, then, came from very similar backgrounds.
They looked a lot like each other, in baseball's early days.
But, after 1850, the two games drifted apart... and each assumed its own character and identity. Cricket became a longer and more leisurely game as batters (batsmen) began to dominate the sport, and wanted more time to display their individual skills.
Baseball, on the other hand, became shorter and more abbreviated....pitchers assumed an active rather than passive role, then came to dominate the sport; baseball batters were allowed fewer and fewer options, could spend less time at bat, and the rules were changed to favor shorter games. By the 1900s, cricket and baseball were looking far more different from each other than in baseball's earlier years. And by that time, it had become an issue of "cricket OR baseball" in the USA...and everyone knows what happened. --contributed by Deb K. Das
Welcome Reddit Users!
Just a quick shout out—Hack the System is about quick methods to success. So, if you're interested in learning how to become more productive, or if you want to learn how to get free plane tickets, you should subscribe to my newsletter.
You can subscribe here or in the form to the right.
I reveal a few of my experiments on my blog, but I teach the majority of my lifehacking, productivity experiments via my newsletter.
=======
San Francisco: the city of weirdos. It's got such a collection of nerds, hipsters, millionaires, crack addicts, etc. that no one even notices when a random blogger gets repeatedly slapped in the face.
In San Francisco, everything is done with Craigslist. Need an apartment? Craigslist's got you covered. Want a bicycle, but you'd rather not buy stolen bikes from the corner of Market and 7th? To Craigslist we go.
It was the perfect location for an experiment on doubling productivity. How could I leverage Craigslist to improve my efficiency?
To me, the answer was obvious: I hired a girl on Craigslist to slap me in the face everytime I used Facebook.
The Craigslist Slapper Experiment
When are you most productive? Depending on your personality, you might not need alone time—you might need a team.
Humans are social animals—we aren't designed to live and work alone. Now that the average worker's job is to sit in front of a computer,—often with no supervision—it's no surprise that we are only productive three days each week. Having worked mostly alone, on my computer, I found that the majority of my time is spent unproductively.
So I measured my productivity, using a nifty little app called RescueTime (aff link). RescueTime sits in the background of your computer and measures the amount of time you spend on your computer and on each Website. It lets you see exactly how much time you spent hard at work on your Excel spreadsheet—and exactly how much time you wasted watching episodes of [The League] (holy shit go watch The League).
Nothing makes me more embarassed than seeing the amount of hours I spend wasted on Reddit and Facebook chat.
38% productive. That means that almost 19 hours of my time last week were wasted—disappeared, never to be seen again.
I figured, “This is stupid, why am I wasting this time doing nothing? When I have a boss, or someone of authority watching me, I always get my work done. How can I simulate the authority figure?”
Naturally, I believe that an authority figure should have real authority. And I am a big fan of Slap Bets. Put those together — and I realized I needed someone to make me work, with permission to slap me in the whenever I cheated.
So I went on Craigslist, put up an advertisement, and waited to see if anyone would bite.
Title:(domestic gigs) Slap me if I get off task…
Hey!
I'm looking for someone who can work next to me at a defined location (my house or a mission cafe) and will make sure to watch what is happening on my screen. When I am wasting time, you'll have to yell at me or if need be, slap me.
You can do your own work at the same time. Looking for help asap, in mission, near 16th mission BART.
Compensation: $8 / hour, and you can do your own work from your computer at the same time.
Within minutes, my inbox began blowing up. I received 20 emails in less than an hour from people who loved the idea. I read through them, found one that stood out, and hired them to meet me at a cafe the day after.
The next day, at 9am, I found Kara sitting and waiting for me. Pulling up a seat, I gave them the basic instructions—she would monitor me for the next few hours, and make sure that I was staying on task. I gave them a list of action items that I needed to accomplish, and made them promise to force me to stay on task.
Yep—a few times, they definitely had to slap me. See the video below.
The results were astounding. Below, you'll see my graph of average productivity during the experiment.
My average productivity runs around 35-40% on most days. When Kara sat next to me, my productivity skyrocketed to 98%
98%!!!
But not only did my productivity skyrocket—the quality of the work I did skyrocketed as well. Kara forced me to complete my first guest post, The Sex Scandal Technique. They also helped me push through an application for a secret project that I applied to—an application that won, out of hundreds of applicants.
Hack The System is a site about unconventional techniques to improve your productivity and your life. I do experiments to find out the most successful, out-of-the-box approaches to attack specific goals
Click here to get the Minimalist Guide to Hacking Your Habits. This guide a collection of the most successful productivity experiments I've ever tested—and a worksheet for implementing the same strategy in your life.
An Analysis: Why Hiring a Slapper works
Without a doubt, this experiment was a success. My biggest takeaway from the experiment is this: If you add a social element to the work that you do, you will become more productive
Honestly, the fear of the slap wasn't the productivity driver. That just made it fun. The real reason why Kara made me more productive is because they added a social element to writing. When I was drafting the outline, I asked for their feedback. When I couldn't think of the right way to phrase a sentence, they were there to help. Instead of it being a chore, Kara made it fun to write.
Here are the major reasons why hiring someone on Craigslist to watch me work improved my productivity and quality.
1) Someone else, besides me, knew exactly what I wanted to accomplish that day. In many jobs, you might have a team or a manager who knows what you are supposed to do. My work, however, doesn't give me the benefit of a boss that plans my to-do list. Kara became my makeshift boss, knowing what I needed to get done, and forcing me to do it.
2) Kara pushed me through the cheese monster. I take the phrase “Cheese Monster” from ZeFrank's awesome video–he defines the cheese monster as the “feeling in your stomach, when you get a ball of energy that tells you to get up and go to the refrigerator and get a cheese sandwich…but the cheese monster will never be satisfied by cheddar but only the cheese of accomplishment.” In those moments where I hit a rough spot and wanted to take a walk or check Facebook, Kara proved to be the most valuable. They made me push through the difficult parts.
3) I finally had someone to bounce ideas off of. Kara helped polish my sentences, and told me if my ideas made sense. That sort of clarity is priceless.
I found that speaking out loud and trying to explain your work to someone else actually helped me to understand what I was trying to say, what I was trying to do. Even when Kara didn't know the best way, they would ask me questions—and that helped shape my path.
4) The Slap Challenge added a playful, silly element to working. It gave me a nonconventional reminder of what I was supposed to be doing—and it ended up being something I didn't want to happen again.
5) Having another pair of eyes to go over my content drastically improved the quality of my work. I knew Kara would be reading it, immediately, so I wanted to make sure that the logic was clear, and there were no spelling or grammar mistakes.
If you can turn your to-do list into a game—especially a social one, a fun one—it won't be work anymore. It will be fun. All it takes is building a system.
If you've ever done something similar—created a game to finish a task, hired someone to help you get things done, etc—please let me know in the comments.
UPDATE: This article has gone viral! It's been featured on Daily Mail, Telegraph, Huffington Post, Buzz 60, Digg, NPR, Mix 106.5, The Daily Dot, Business Insider, Venturebeat, and Yahoo! Finance and many more. I'm glad you are all learning so much
Stephen explains why he's always the last out of bed. Courtesy Network Ten.
MASTERCHEF fans know the basics — contestants spend long days filming on little sleep, honing their cooking skills during any free time, grabbing a bite to eat where possible.
But who knew 24 hours in the life of a MasterChef contestant could be quite so hectic? Sara Oteri, one of this season's hot favourites, has kept a diary exclusively for news.com.au during their time on set.
Ten's production team let the 26-year-old pocket rocket loose with an iPad while filming the Mystery Box and Invention Test with Heston Blumenthal, which aired Sunday night.
From the dreaded 5.30am alarm, to a weary group dinner at almost midnight, here is Sara's day on a plate.
5.30am:Alarm goes off. Nooooooo, just 10 more minutes.
5.40am: Planning what I'll wear today from the comfort of my bed. Also in serious need of a coffee.
6.00am: Coffee in hand. Discussing what we think will happen today with the other contestants. We always speculate, but 99 per cent of the time we get it wrong.
MasterChef Australia: Heston's invention test 0:46 Speculation about what Heston has planned for the upcoming invention test. Courtesy Network Ten.
6.15am: En route to the studio. It's quiet as usual — everyone is studying or listening to their iPods. It's a good time to chill and get ready for a big day.
7.00am: Time for a tea and toast with the girls. We are leafing through our cookbooks in the green room. We're expecting a mystery box this morning but won't know until we're on set. Gotta go, we're being called into the kitchen.
11.00am: Hahahaha … so I kind of just did a Mystery Box for HESTON … and I won!!!! Who knew emu could be so tasty. I've never even cooked with it before.
When Matt was listing Heston's achievements we instantly knew it was them and everyone went crazy — like proper crazy. We've been hoping to see them this series, but weren't expecting them so soon.
MasterChef Australia: The Mystery Box Challenge 0:29 Thoughts on the latest Mystery Box Challenge. Courtesy Network Ten.
12.00pm: It's lunchtime! Going to nibble on something before I return to the studio to find out what my advantage is. My stomach is going nuts with butterflies.
1.00pm: So my advantage was really different today. I got to choose from three different types of cocktails. I think I picked the right one, I think it'll be the simplest to recreate into a solid dish because it's just sweet, sour and whisky.
Jessica is going to love this challenge.
4.00pm: Honestly I'm kind of numb right now. I can't believe how horribly that cook went, the worst I've had. The dish I created wasn't really me but I thought it would impress Heston and the judges.
Just reinforces that you should always be true to yourself. I really let the pressure get to me, I felt so overwhelmed, and my emotions bubbled up when things started to go wrong.
I'm positive I'm going into the pressure test.
6.00pm:So I'm safe … just. I'm not proud of my performance this afternoon. I'm going to make sure I give as much love and support to the other guys as possible for tomorrow's elimination.
11.00pm: Had a nice group dinner at the house, it was the boys' turn to cook — we had Spanish chicken together at the table and it gave us an opportunity to debrief about the day.
Nothing can prepare you for the twists, turns, emotional highs and lows of this experience, you've just got to roll with the punches. Everyone jokes about the ‘MasterChef roller-coaster' but it's actually what it feels like. I've got to go and write up today's recipes before
bed.
MasterChef continues tonight, 7.30pm on Ten.
I doubt there has ever been a time when software architecture was seen as a raging success. The “three-tier architecture” of the web has held up extremely well and is an excellent place for many people to start. The “12 Factor App” approach has encouraged developers to adopt practices that make deployment and scaling much simpler. Over the last couple of years, though, I've noticed developers advocating for architectures I consider to be extreme and limited in utility, foisting highly complex systems into startup environments at great cost. It appears to me to be getting worse.
First, I should say I'm going to talk about a few specific patterns and technologies in this post. I'm not against any of them; I don't consider any of them to be bad ideas. I do think that some of them are limited in their applicability, though. I don't believe in silver bullets, and I think architecture is only “good” in the context of the problem it tries to solve – I think it's more important to design for adaptability (I've called this Pokémon Architecture in the past).
Through various conversations with both different technical teams and business owners over the last year (none I'm going to name!), I keep hearing about the same types of problems again and again. “We're not delivering quickly enough!”. “Our systems are too complex to maintain!”. “The application we delivered last year is completely legacy now but it's too difficult to replace!”.
Talking about how technical teams make decisions, I often see a complete lack of understanding how to relate the business issues their organisation faces to the technical strategy. Regularly, I don't see a technical strategy at all. The team may have made a decision like “We're 100% microservices!”, but when I ask them they cannot give a good reason that relates to the business in a direct way.
Mistakes I'm seeing
To give an flavour of some specific problems I've seen:
CQRS. I think this is the one I'm noticing most currently, because it's everywhere right now. I saw an article on Twitter the other day about “How to develop your MVP with CQRS”. For those who don't know, CQRS is essentially a RPC pattern that enables you to deal with highly complex and volatile data stores – most good introductory material on it will say “This is appropriate for large/complex systems”.
A lot of dewey-eyed write-ups have proclaimed it a good solution to deal with transactions across microservices (it's not, really), most of the push I see for it is developers who don't like ORMs.
This latter category is particularly pernicious – the end result is a huge increase in the amount of code being written, a decrease in the DRYness of the code and a system that is much more difficult to reason about, but no obvious benefits to offset these problems.
I've seen a few systems now using a CQRS approach when a standard CRUD approach works fine. “Why?”, I ask. They burble about “responsibility” or “different domains”, I haven't yet had the “we tried both approaches and this one works better because <business reason>” response.
A lot of dewey-eyed write-ups have proclaimed it a good solution to deal with transactions across microservices (it's not, really), most of the push I see for it is developers who don't like ORMs. This latter category is particularly pernicious – the end result is a huge increase in the amount of code being written, a decrease in the DRYness of the code and a system that is much more difficult to reason about, but no obvious benefits to offset these problems. I've seen a few systems now using a CQRS approach when a standard CRUD approach works fine. “Why?”, I ask. They burble about “responsibility” or “different domains”, I haven't yet had the “we tried both approaches and this one works better because <business reason>” response. Event Sourcing. Related to the above, I guess, as they are often used in combination. Event Sourcing says you have an immutable log of events, and use that log to create an eventually-consistent view of your application – rather than saving state in an RDBS or something.
This is a classic “we didn't consider business requirements” type technical choice. I've seen two different start-ups now, who hold personal data about customers in their “immutable log”. “How are you planning to handle GDPR requirements and removal of data?” – turns out the answer is often “Er – we haven't thought about that.” Cue a sad face when I tell them that if they don't modify their immutable log they're automatically out of compliance.
This is a classic “we didn't consider business requirements” type technical choice. I've seen two different start-ups now, who hold personal data about customers in their “immutable log”. “How are you planning to handle GDPR requirements and removal of data?” – turns out the answer is often “Er – we haven't thought about that.” Cue a sad face when I tell them that if they don't modify their immutable log they're automatically out of compliance. Local storage. A tech team decided that everything needed to be a Single-Page Application on the front-end, and needed to handle offline capability – pretty reasonable. However, a good bunch of the data they were processing was extremely sensitive, and by running everything through their SPA framework, they were effectively distributing that sensitive content across a variety of browser caches. Whoops. Difficult decision to reverse out of at a late stage.
More generally, I see little re-use of existing technology and/or a desire to use a lot of “new shiny” for very specious reasons. The numbers of developers working at an inappropriately low level is frightening.
What are we doing wrong?
I place the blame on technical leaders like myself. For those in tech who are not working at Facebook/Google/Amazon, we're simply not talking enough about what systems at smaller enterprises look like. We're not talking about what is successful, what works well, and what patterns others might like to copy.
A lot of technical write-ups focus on scaling, performance and large-scale systems. It's definitely interesting to see what problems Netflix have, and how they respond to them. It's important to understand why Google take decisions in the way they do. However, most of their problems don't apply to anyone else, and therefore many of the solutions may or may not be appropriate.
In this view of the world, it's easy to see why teams focus on the solutions these companies talk about. They want to get ahead of the scaling curve. They want to deliver more robust services. They don't want legacy.
I recall one specific conversation with an engineer about one of their core services. “It's totally legacy, and no-one maintains it – it just sits there working, except for the occasions it doesn't. The problem is replacing it is so hard, it's got great performance, and the business doesn't want to spend time replacing something working”. This is the problem being ahead of the curve – the definition of “success” (it works great, it's reliable, it's performant, we don't need to think about it) looks a hell of a lot like the definition of “legacy”.
A well-articulated technical vision should match the business vision directly, especially in a tech company. There are core parts of the technology that deliver most of the value / differentiator, and these are important to get right. There's usually then a bunch of other software and services which is more like scaffolding; you have it around in order to get stuff done.
What should we do?
I think we're often getting the build/buy decision wrong. Software development should be the tool of last resort: “we're building this because it doesn't exist in the form we need it”. I want to hear from more tech leaders about how they solved a problem without building the software, and tactics for avoiding development.
I think we worry too much about the future. We say “You aren't gonna need it!” but we don't live the YAGNI values. We talk too much about technical debt, and in the meantime complain that agile is “failing”. I want to hear more about projects that deferred decisions and put off architecting until much later in the process.
I want to hear more about delivery at real speed. Small pieces of software that are not necessarily interesting but deliver business value are the real heroes in our industry, and the developers who create them the real stars. To paraphrase Dan Ward, we can only deliver at high pace if we get started early – we mean re-using existing work. “Mash-up” shouldn't be a dirty hackfest concept.
I especially want to hear more about developers working with systems that have constraints. Too often I hear “We were using <product X|framework Y> and it had this one specific problem, so we solved it by rolling our own!”. Well, that's great – and it might be the right choice. But it's not the only one – it's the proverbial sledgehammer to crack a nut.
I believe that if you don't encounter the constraints of the layers underneath you, you're not working at a high enough level. Developers should occasionally bump into obvious stupid stuff that the layer beneath causes.I want to hear from people pushing standard stuff beyond its limits. I think we grossly underestimate what off-the-shelf systems can do, and grossly overestimate the capabilities of the things we develop ourselves.It's time to talk much more about real-world, practical, medium-enterprise software architecture.
Postscript: you may be interested in reading about some of the reaction this post generated.
In the developed world, where the benefits of breastfeeding are not measured in terms of life or death or even serious morbidity, the question has been what benefits might motivate mothers to both initiate and sustain it consistent with the World Health Organization and American Academy of Pediatrics recommendations.1,2 The reduction of gastroenteritis, otitis media, and atopic eczema in the first year of life is supported by a strong evidence base.3 While these are important and desirable outcomes, none in and of themselves have dramatic public health consequences, particularly beyond early childhood. On the other hand, the connection between breastfeeding and cognition has lifelong and widespread implications. Whether a causal linkage between the two exists has long been debated, in part, because most existing studies are observational and have failed to adjust for maternal IQ. Given the known association between educational attainment or intelligence and breastfeeding, failure to adjust for maternal IQ may confound any observed effects on infants. The study by Belfort et al4 in this month's issue of JAMA Pediatrics, although observational, has many notable strengths including controlling for maternal intelligence, as well as features of the home environment that promote cognitive function. Assuming these findings are in fact robust, what are the public health implications?
The authors reported an IQ benefit at age 7 years from breastfeeding of 0.35 points per month on the verbal scale and 0.29 points per month on the nonverbal one. Put another way, breastfeeding an infant for the first year of life would be expected to increase their or their IQ by about 4 points or one-third of a standard deviation. While others might quibble about the size of this effect (I do not), it must be put into an intergenerational context to be fully appreciated. Having a mother who breastfed increases the chances that a woman will themselves breastfeed their infant.5 Without getting into the details of whether the cumulative effects are additive (or even multiplicative), it is clear that a vicious cycle can be created wherein lack of breastfeeding begets lower IQ, which begets lower socioeconomic status and thereby decreases the probability of breastfeeding the next generation and so on.6,7 Given the connection between IQ and educational attainment and delinquency, these effects begin to have real implications both for the individuals involved and for society as a whole.8 Of course, the inverse would also be true: over successive generations, breastfeeding would be expected to increase IQ, which could increase socioeconomic status and in turn increase the probability of breastfeeding, creating a virtuous cycle and facilitating a rise from poverty.
But most people and most organizations have already been convinced that breastfeeding is an important cause, so what does this study add? It is possible that cognitive ability (and what it might lead to, namely, educational achievement, higher lifetime income, etc) might be more powerful motivators for breastfeeding than reduced risk for otitis media and diarrhea and eczema; however, the problem currently is not so much that most women do not initiate breastfeeding, it is that they do not sustain it. In the United States, about 70% of women overall initiate breastfeeding, although only 50% of African American women do.9 However, by 6 months, only 35% and 20%, respectively, are still breastfeeding.9 The lack of sustainability suggests that other structural changes are needed to support new mothers in this worthy endeavor. Merely reiterating the importance of breastfeeding is clearly not enough; another call for action is not enough either, instead, real action is in order.
We might use the case of lead and children as an example. The magnitude of the effect of not breastfeeding on IQ is comparable with the differences attributable to a 10-µg/dL increase in blood lead concentrations.10 The movement to reduce childhood lead exposure had a lot of hefts behind it. Gasoline was made unleaded by legislation. National public service announcements were launched. Lead screening became routine—even required—during pediatric health supervision visits. These actions resulted in dramatic reductions in population blood lead levels in the 1970s and 1980s. An analogous large, robust, and sustained effort is needed to provide the infrastructure to support breastfeeding at all levels. First, postpartum public health nurse visits for all newborns should be covered. Several states have these, but many have cut back or eliminated them under the current fiscal crisis. Second, in much the same way that baby-friendly hospitals were shown to improve breastfeeding initiation rates (and are now certified as such) baby-friendly practices should be certified to help sustain them.3,11 Third, breast pumps should be covered by insurance companies. Furthermore, workplaces need to provide opportunities and spaces for mothers to use them. Fourth, breastfeeding in public should be destigmatized. Clever social media campaigns and high-quality public service announcements might help with that. As with lead, some of these actions may require legislative action either at the federal or state level. Let's allow our children's cognitive function be the force that tilts the scale, and let's get on with it.
Back to top Article Information
Corresponding Author: Dimitri A. Christakis, MD, MPH, Seattle Children's Hospital Research Institute, 1100 Olive Way, Ste 500, Mailstop 8-1, Seattle, WA 98101 (dachris@uw.edu).
Published Online: July 29, 2013. doi:10.1001/jamapediatrics.2013.470.
Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Christakis is co-chair of the Excellence in Paediatrics Global Breastfeeding Initiative.
Like a lot of my fellow Masons, there are times when I get really busy with work, family stuff, work, personal health care, work, projects around the house, and work. In the last few years, I have often missed lodge meetings because I'm working until 7 or 8 pm, or because I've needed to do something with the kids, or because some other matter has cropped up that I can't take care of at any other time. I'm sure that this happens to other brothers, too.
That's why I'm thrilled by Maso-Net, the new program that will be introduced by RW Simon LaPlace, the incoming Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of Connecticut, that will allow busy Masons to attend their lodge meetings virtually, at their own convenience. I don't want to spoil the surprise, which they are expected to announce at their installation as Grand Master during next week's Grand Lodge Annual Communication, so I'll just mention some of the highlights of the program.
While there have been online Masonic communities of Masons since the before the internet was available to the general public, they have generally taken the form of text-based message boards. Maso-Net will be completely different in that it will allow lodge members to actually see, and in some cases, attend a lodge meeting in real time. To accomplish this, Mason-Net will have several components. One will be a Skype-like interface that will connect members directly to a lodge. Participating lodges will be outfitted with a large screen TV on the North wall of the lodge room, with a corresponding webcam positioned in the Northwest and Southwest corners. Maso-Net Members will sign in and be presented with a view of the lodge room that includes the Master's chair, and the screen will allow the other members to see who has signed in. Maso-Net members, though their own webcams hooked up to their computers, be able to attend the meeting and follow along with the proceedings without missing any of the details. Amplified speakers near the TV screen will allow them to speak during meetings as if they were in attendance.
RW LaPlace initially conceived of this as a way to reach out to older brothers who were unable to attend because of health reasons, but the idea quickly gained ground among the Grand Lodge technorati who, accustomed to live webcam meetings, saw this as a way to keep existing brothers involved. As a Maso-Net member, a brother could work late, and take a dinner break to attend lodge. Users with smartphones (apps for iPhones and Android phones running ICS or better are already being developed) will even be able to attend while on the road, although they will probably need at least a good 3G data connection.
A real advantage to Maso-Net meetings is that a WM will no longer have to worry about a last-minute cancellation on a degree night. A brother assigned to a particular lecture will no longer have to cancel if he's away on business; the Master of a lodge would even be able to open if he's out of town. Imagine an older brother delivering the working tools lecture to their grandson from the comfort of their own home — in Florida! Or imagine a District Deputy being able to attend a different lodge meeting every night of the week, and not spending a fortune on gas and car expenses. This aspect of the program is certainly a way that the Craft can take advantage of new technologies.
Another interesting component to Maso-Net that RW LaPlace is expected to announce will be the ability to sit in on lodge meetings at any time of the day or night by the use of streaming technologies. Participating lodges will begin recording their meetings and using broadband connections, begin uploading those meetings to the cloud. Maso-Net members will then be able to find a lodge meeting and replay it. Members will be able to pause the recorded meeting for a break, or even better, skip through the boring parts.
Still unannounced is just where the video recordings will be stored. The Grand Lodge of Connecticut has its own servers, but as more lodges join the network the data storage itself would become unmanageable, to say nothing of the capacity for streaming a number of different meetings back to the members. Early reports have suggested Youtube, perhaps a dedicated channel as the perfect storage & replay solution. Obviously, the concern was raised that anybody could view a lodge meeting on Youtube, however, the counterpoint was raised that any non-Mason who viewed one lodge meeting was unlikely to make it a habit of viewing many more. I suspect that talks are underway with Google about the possibility of a private Youtube channel. Another advantage of this would be the ability to upload sections of various degree ceremonies in order for lodges to watch them for the purposes if ritual instruction.
There are other aspects of Maso-Net that will be made public after RW LaPlace takes office. About a dozen lodges will be part of the initial phase, and RW LaPlace will probably announce which ones have been selected after their installation, with more participating every month. Brothers interested in signing up to be a Maso-Net member are encouraged to talk to their District Deputy, who should have the contact information.
As a busy Mason who has been having a hard time getting to lodge meetings lately, I'm happy to see that Connecticut is on the forefront of bringing Freemasonry into the 21st century. Kudos to soon-to-be MW Simon LaPlace, and best wishes for an exciting year in office.
Big brains are all in the genes
Scientists have moved a step closer to understanding genetic changes that permitted humans and other mammals to develop such big brains.During evolution, different mammal species have experienced variable degrees of expansion in brain size. An important goal of neurobiology is to understand the genetic changes underlying these extraordinary adaptations.The process by which some species evolved larger brains – called encephalization – is not well understood by scientists. The puzzle is made more complex because evolving large brains comes at a very high cost.Dr Humberto Gutierrez, from the School of Life Sciences, University of Lincoln, UK, led research which examined the genomes of 39 species of mammals with the aim of better understanding how brains became larger and more complex in mammals.To do this, the scientists focussed on the size of gene families across these species. Gene families are groups of related genes which share similar characteristics, often linked with common or related biological functions. It is believed that large changes in the size of gene families can help to explain why related species evolved along different paths.The researchers found a clear link between increased brain size and the expansion of gene families related to certain biological functions.Dr Gutierrez said: “We found that brain size variations are associated with changes in gene number in a large proportion of families of closely related genes. These gene families are preferentially involved in cell communication and cell movement as well as immune functions and are prominently expressed in the human brain. Our results suggest that changes in gene family size may have contributed to the evolution of larger brains in mammals.”Mammalian species in general tend to have large brains compared to their body size which represent an evolutionary costly adaptation as they require large amounts of energy to function.Dr Gutierrez explained: “The brain is an extremely expensive organ consuming a large amount of energy in proportion to its volume, so large brains place severe metabolic demands on animals. Larger brains also demand higher parental investment. For example, humans require many years of nurturing and care before their brains are fully matured.”Dr Gutierrez's research concluded that variations in the size of gene families associated with encephalization provided an evolutionary support for the specific physiological demands associated with increased brain size in mammals.The research paper ‘Increased brain size in mammals is associated with size variations in gene families with cell signalling, chemotaxis and immune-related functions' is published in Proceedings of the Royal Society B at http://rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/281/1775/20132428.full.pdf+html?sid=5f8219d8-abff-4a29-914a-818d1d2f8239
On Friday, Dec 14, athletes, government representatives, Beijing 2022 Organising Committee (BOCOG) members, and the press came together at Beijing's Water Cube for the official unveiling of the official 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games emblems.
The event got off to a slow start with an initial gong signaling to the only half-present crowd that the run of celebrities, songs, and presentations were about to begin. At that time, 50 or so child choir singers shuffled onto the stage but wouldn't be permitted to sing their unity-espousing song, accompanied by the world-renowned concert pianist Lang Lang, for another 40 minutes.
However, once the initial pomp finished, what followed was a quick succession of speeches, including a pre-recorded message from International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach, reminding attendees that Beijing is on track to become the first ever city to host the summer and winter Olympic Games. Then it was the turn of Cai Qi, BOCOG president and Communist Party Secretary of Beijing, to drum up excitement before the final run of Spring Festival gala-type numbers.
The most notable of those performances was Jackie Chan's rousing "Wake Up Winter" alongside snowflake-twirling, sequined dancers. It also took gold for the most convincing live act, what with everyone else lip-synching their way through and a further reminder that when it comes to conveying an assertive appearance, China will leave nothing to chance.
Before the crowd had time to blast out grainy sights of Big Brother, the star-studded stage backdrop parted to give the audience what they'd been waiting for, the official 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics logo.
And here it is:
Said to have taken inspiration from the character 冬, winter, the colorful and lively ribbon-like lines of the emblem also outline the figure of a downhill skier; knees bent, poles horizontal, and head down.
The Paralympics logo is more vivid and is said to be based on the character for fly, 飞. The lower legs of the skier in the logo above have been replaced by two semicircles, representing a wheel in motion.
The logos were designed by Li Cunzhen, who also had a hand in creating the emblem for 2014's Summer Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing, and were chosen from 4,506 submissions from around the world, according to olympic.org.
To read all of our coverage in the run-up to the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games, click here.
​​​​​​Images: Tom Arnstein, olympic.org
Ten years after the suicide of renowned chef Bernard Loiseau, speculation has ramped up in the French media that the Michelin Guide may have covered up its role in the affair. Though the guide has long denied allegations that it was threatening to pull one of Loiseau's three Michelin stars, this week French newspaper L'Express published some previously unseen documents that suggest a Michelin official did indeed meet with the chef to discuss their concerns about the "lack of soul" at Le Relais Bernard Loiseau.
L'Express obtained a note purportedly written by Derek Brown, then the British head of the red guide, describing a meeting with Loiseau not long before their death. Brown notes that it was Loiseau's first visit in three years and that they "talked a lot about their [Loiseau's] philosophy." Then Brown writes, "I talked of our concerns, irregularity, lack of soul, of character recent in their cuisine and the letters that are very mixed in terms of quality. Visibly 'shocked,' they took me seriously. We'll see."
L'Express also published a note that Loiseau's wife, Dominique Loiseau, apparently wrote to Brown thanking them for the meeting and explaining that the chef had been closely reviewing the menu with their staff ever since. They write, "We have well understood your warning and from now on everything is being done in the kitchen to turn things around as quickly as possible." But just three months later, Loiseau shot themselves in the head.
As the lengthy L'Express piece describes, a shocked food world traded speculation and accusations as to who or what had pushed Loiseau to kill himself. Their wife explains that Loiseau was bipolar and manic-depressive, and a biography written about the chef makes it clear that there were numerous factors that could have played a role in their suicide. The Gault & Millau guide got some flack for having recently docked points from the restaurant, while French critic François Simon bore the brunt of it for reporting rumors that Michelin was threatening the Burgundy-based restaurant — apparently the chef was in debt and worried that the loss of a Michelin star would cost them 40 percent of theirs business.
At the time, Michelin denied the rumors that it had threatened Loiseau, and still denies it today. Brown told L'Express in an interview last week, "We never had any deep problem with Bernard Loiseau, just some details like the temperature of a soup." Indeed, Le Relais Bernard Loiseau still has its three stars. For their part, Simon declared their vindication to the paper, saying, "They wanted to pass me off as a murderer. And Michelin...was cleared of all responsibility."
UPDATE 01/25/2013: A reader points out to Eater that this is not the first time the Michelin documents have been brought to light. In a 2009 book Au Revoir to All That, writer Michael Steinberger wrote about both Brown's notes following their meeting with Loiseau, and the letter Dominique Loiseau wrote to them in response. In the wake of the book's publication, French magazine Le Nouvel Observateur also ran a piece mentioning the Michelin documents.
· The Truth in the Suicide of Chef Bernard Loiseau [L'Express]
· All Bernard Loiseau Coverage on Eater [-E-]
March 15, 2013 (RACINE, Wis.) --A Wisconsin man has been banned from "all the libraries on the face ofthe earth" after allegedly engaging in lewd behavior in a Racine librarylast week.Twenty-year-old Tyree S. Carter is charged with misdemeanorcounts of lewd behavior and disorderly conduct. Prosecutors say they wasopenly masturbating in the Racine Public Library, and a witness claimsthat Carter was out in the open, not trying to conceal himself.The criminal complaint says Carter apologized to responding policeofficers, saying that it was their first time doing it in public.Carter was released on a $1,000 signature bond. Court recordsindicate that Carter has been told to "stay out of all the libraries onthe face of the earth" as a condition of their bond.  They are due back in court next month for a pre-trial conference. abclocal.go.com/wls/story?section=news/local/wisconsin& ;amp;id=9029506
(CNN) Nearly a decade ago, 4-year-old Youssif sullenly pushed grains of rice through their lips in the kitchen of our Baghdad bureau.
Their face was hardened into rivers of scar tissue that kept them from being able to open their mouth.
I remember their anger, which was so deep for a child so young. Their parents were at a loss. All they wanted was their little boy back -- and to hear them laugh again.
Youssif hangs out with CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta at the boy's home in California. Youssif tells Gupta they want to be a doctor someday.
Rescuing Youssif: 6 years later – Youssif hangs out with CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta at the boy's home in California. Youssif tells Gupta they want to be a doctor someday.
Youssif is now a fifth-grader at a school outside Los Angeles. Their favorite subject is math, they say. Their sister, Aaya, is in first grade.
Rescuing Youssif: 6 years later – Youssif is now a fifth-grader at a school outside Los Angeles. Their favorite subject is math, they say. Their sister, Aaya, is in first grade.
Youssif has had 19 surgeries and a total of 61 procedures to help correct their burn damage.
Rescuing Youssif: 6 years later – Youssif has had 19 surgeries and a total of 61 procedures to help correct their burn damage.
Youssif walks along a California beach in 2011 with CNN's Arwa Damon, who first told the boy's story in 2007.
Rescuing Youssif: 6 years later – Youssif walks along a California beach in 2011 with CNN's Arwa Damon, who first told the boy's story in 2007.
Donations from CNN viewers worldwide paid for Youssif and their family to fly to the United States for medical treatment.
Rescuing Youssif: 6 years later – Donations from CNN viewers worldwide paid for Youssif and their family to fly to the United States for medical treatment.
Youssif was 5 years old when masked men grabbed him, doused them in gas and set them on fire as they played outside in Baghdad in 2007. CNN agreed not to use the full names of Youssif and their family due to concern for their safety.
Rescuing Youssif: 6 years later – Youssif was 5 years old when masked men grabbed him, doused them in gas and set them on fire as they played outside in Baghdad in 2007. CNN agreed not to use the full names of Youssif and their family due to concern for their safety.
We reported their story in 2007 and received an instantaneous and overwhelming response. The desire to help Youssif transcended religion, ethnicity and race at a time when Iraqis felt largely abandoned by the outside world.
Nothing since has felt better than the moment I was able to call Youssif's parents and tell them their little boy would be getting help. The Children's Burn Foundation in Los Angeles had picked up the case, and CNN viewers had donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to their cause. They would soon be flying to Los Angeles.
JUST WATCHED 2007: Mom is desperate to see Youssif smile Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2007: Mom is desperate to see Youssif smile 02:51
I traveled with Youssif and their family from Baghdad to the United States in what can only be described as a mosaic of hilarious, emotional and overwhelming moments.
Relief spread across their parents' faces as they listened to their son laugh and shriek with joy at the sight of the ocean. This was the first time they had seen it.
Youssif's mother, Zaineb, had to wipe away tears as a church group asked whether they could pray for their son. They felt welcomed as they entered this new, unknown country.
Over the years, Youssif has undergone multiple surgeries, and there is still the potential for many more to come. Each is a step toward the finish line, they say.
In many ways, they are just like other teens.  They are obsessed with soccer and has many close friends, and they love studying math and science. They still want to become a doctor, to help others the way doctors helped him.
"My doctor helped me out, and that encouraged me to help other people, so he's like my role model," explained Youssif.
Thinking of home
They don't remember the attack and has very little recollection of Baghdad, if any. On occasion, Youssif speaks to their grandparents, who remain in Baghdad, but their conversations focus mostly on family rather than the security situation there.
JUST WATCHED 2007: Youssif puts on a brave face Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2007: Youssif puts on a brave face 02:49
But for their parents, the yearning for their homeland is very real, although they know it is unlikely they will be able to go back to Iraq during their lifetimes. Wissam, Youssif's father, found out their sister has cancer; Zaineb's father passed away two years ago; and it's been nine years since either of them hugged their family.
But visiting is out of the question. We continue not to reveal Wissam's identity on camera due to the potential security risks this would bring their family back in Iraq.
"It's a horrible life there. My family says not to even think about visiting them one day. I don't know how they even live there," Wissam said. "I try not to read and see what's going on because whatever I see is sad there, everything is just sad."
JUST WATCHED 2013: Iraqi boy set on fire now stands tall Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2013: Iraqi boy set on fire now stands tall 03:21
Youssif knows how lucky they are. They continue to follow the news out of Iraq about ISIS and the refugee crisis and wonders whether they could have ended up chancing the waters of the Mediterranean.
"Mine is easy," they said of their journey to the United States. "CNN helped me out. ... I feel really bad for all the people, all those kids and stuff."
Wissam explained how different life would be for Youssif as a teenager if they had stayed in Iraq. "I don't think they would even want to go out of the house because of their face," they said. "But as you see them now, he's happy, he's got so many friends. All those surgeries he's going through. It's much better now."
Making ends meet
Life as a refugee is not easy, and the family is struggling financially. Wissam has a part-time job and has been looking for more work but had little luck. They recently started a crowdfunding page to help them provide in the meantime.
As parents, they contemplate moving to a cheaper part of Los Angeles, but Wissam worries about the impact it would have on Youssif, who is currently close to their doctors and based in a community that knows and supports him.
JUST WATCHED 2011: Youssif no longer remembers attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2011: Youssif no longer remembers attack 04:33
Elsewhere, they would have to start over.
The furniture and toys in the family home are mostly donated. The family has three children: Youssif; their younger sister, Aya; and the youngest, Mustafa, who was born in the United States. They all share one room, with Youssif sleeping on a pullout couch, but the children don't let this bring them down.
Youssif talks about a class project during which they discovered a superhero they related to: Superman.
"Each person had to choose one superhero," they explained in perfect English. "I've been really addicted to Superman recently because I saw the movie and I just like their story as a kid."
The comic book hero also struggled to be accepted and to fit in but didn't let that keep them from making their mark.
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.
But for Youssif today, fitting in is not having hard as it used to be. "Now, I make friends easily, and everyone is nice to me at my school. Some of them even treat me like a brother."
Nine years ago, they told me that the kindness of strangers exists, and they were right. The outpouring of support for Youssif by CNN viewers showed us that we needed to provide a way for our audiences to get involved in stories like this. This led to the creation of the Impact Your World initiative, which has helped raise funds, find volunteers and make an impact for those in need over the last nine years.
Today, Youssif continues to remind us of the importance of kindness. In a world where fear of "the other" is growing, where the building of barricades and rejection feeds directly into the narrative of terrorist organizations, they are a reminder of the transformative power of compassion.
The party was paid for by Persson himself, not by Mojang. It's not entirely clear to what extent they organized it, and to what extent the party venue handled those details.
The party took place during PAX Prime, but was not an official PAX event, nor was it at the PAX venue. However, as it was a party thrown during PAX by a video game celebrity; it's reasonable to assume that the majority of attendees were PAX-goers.
A notable exception: some attendees, distinguished (according to Ky, the blogger who was assaulted) by red wristbands, were women hired from a modeling agency.
Lydia Winters, Minecraft's "Director of Fun" commented on Ky's blog post clarifying that Persson, not Mojang, had thrown the party and that the models were hired by "the production company" to "have more girls there to up the girl to guy ratio. It's a pretty typical club procedure." (Winters confirmed via Twitter that it was in fact them who posted that comment.)
It's not clear, then whether hiring the models was in fact Persson's idea, or whether they knew about/approved it. (One would imagine that, if planning were left to the venue or some other third party, given that Persson was paying, he'd at least have been asked to sign off on the expenses.)
Persson himself, about three hours ago, tweeted:
Some asshole did something totally unacceptable at my party, and a security guard shrugged it off. Very upset. It's being dug into. — Markus Persson (@notch) September 4, 2012
In an update at the top of their post, Ky emphasizes that they don't feel PAX or Mojang is responsible in any way for what happened, and that in their view "The ONLY person who should be held accountable for what happened is the asshole himself." They also state, "Also this post isn't about nerd or gamer culture or blaming those cultures at all, this could happen in any community, at any party, to anyone."
For most training camp the notion of the Miami Heat keeping Rodney McGruder over Briante Weber appeared unlikely. Now no one is doubting the logic.
And yet there remains an affinity for the ball-hawking defensive-minded guard who is now with the Charlotte Hornets after a recent stint with the Golden State Warriors.
So even with Weber as opponent Wednesday night at AmericanAirlines Arena, it doesn't take much to draw out the enduring respect.
"I would have liked to have seen them stay in Golden State, but an unfortunate situation happened there," said Heat forward Okaro White, with Golden State first moving for the veteran presence of Jose Calderon and then Matt Barnes as a Kevin Durant injury fill-in. "I'm glad they got picked right back up so quick. It shows a lot of teams have interest in him. I'm just happy for him. Wherever he's at, he's just going to play their basketball, so I'm happy about that."
CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. Spoelstra: No need to show anger to appease outsiders. CAPTION Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson Dwyane Wade: Braids a tribute to Iverson CAPTION Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami Heat head coach Erik Spoelstra says their team showed grit in loss to the Phoenix Suns. CAPTION Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade says their team's loss to the Phoenix Suns hurt their team and their hopes of getting to the playoffs. CAPTION Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns. Miami guard Josh Richardson talks about the obstacles that lead hs team's loss to the Phoenix Suns.
White and Weber grew close both during training camp and then with each spending the opening months of the season with the Heat's NBA Development League affiliate, the Sioux Falls Skyforce.
White, in fact, was among those contacted when the Warriors made their move for Weber, with White's former Florida State point guard Luke Loucks now on Golden State's video and development staff.
"As soon as Briante signed," White said, "he asked me about him, They said how is he? I thought they were talking about their game. I said, 'He's good, what do you mean?' They were like, 'How is he? I need to know?' I said, you'll see.
"And so they ended up loving him, And they sent me a text saying they were a great guy."
The same high-energy, upbeat teammate they were when White and Weber were biding their time at the start of the season in South Dakota after McGruder claimed the Heat's final roster spot.
"He's one of those guys. The way they are, they can't even change it," White said of Weber's effervescence. "It just comes out of him. He's a good dude, always going to be talking in the locker room and joking around. That's how they are. They can't change."
iwinderman@sunsentinel.com. Follow them at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
For daily Heat mailbag go to sun-sentinel.com/askira
As of today, one problem shared across the majority of Bitcoin wallets, is that of separating and managing your funds in a simple, intuitive and immediate fashion.
Writing down different mnemonic pass-phrases, making various backups of wallet files, or worse, managing various kinds of wallets reusing keys over and over is now an unnecessary burden as with deterministic wallets you can construct any number of separates accounts from one initial seed or pass phrase.
GreenAddress, one of the most advanced Bitcoin wallet in the market, has resolved this issue by integrating in the API first and then in its wallets the ability for users to create and separate their funds in any number of accounts all part of their wallet.
A subaccount is an actual wallet parallel to the main one and controlled by the same user. It's possible to create this kind of sub-accounts under one's wallet, in this way enhancing both privacy and organization in bitcoin's management, all in complete compliance with the BIP32 specification.
Subaccount are indeed all mathematically determined from the same mnemonic phrase. And while for GreenAddress this means implementing various Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIPs), on the user side it means better usability and better privacy, without compromising security. The whole multi-signature architecture implemented by GreenAddress is unchanged: the wallet provider cannot “disappear” with the funds and no malicious attacker can take control of it without explicit authorization, including two-factor authentication.
The great advantage of using deterministic accounts is crystal clear in the previous screenshot: it's possible to separate funds based on use, this way avoiding confusions, and thus manage all transactions and accounts without the need to continuously log in and out, or to copy and pastes mnemonics, or still worse: to backup wallet files with the risk of overwriting and lose access to the funds.
A subaccount will never mix the funds it contains with another
subaccount: we are talking about separated and independent “sub” wallets, each one derived from mathematical algorithms with different variables and each one with an exclusive set of Bitcoin address for sending, receiving for all purposes. The access to all this subaccount, anyway, is granted by the same mnemonic key (or the same Bitcoin hardware wallet).
To view an account other than the main one, to check on incoming and outcoming payments, or to check the transactions list, is simple: it's possible to pick your subaccount (if any) from a dropdown.
Subaccounts are a consequence of Bitcoins' growing adoption: with more and more people accepting it as a payment system, it naturally rises the need for more advanced kinds of control on funds.
The feature is now available for all platforms: iOS, Android, Desktop and Web.
It's now been five weeks since the protest in San Cristóbal that set off Venezuela's latest revolt. Time to take stock.
Outside the Andean states, protests remain largely confined to the better-off areas of the larger cities. Are there exceptions here and there? Certainly. But they're just that: exceptions. The sites of ongoing unrest remain solidly concentrated in the middle class enclaves of the bigger cities, i.e., precisely where the government wants them.
Large, peaceful daytime demonstrations are followed every night by running battles around makeshift barricades, or guarimbas. This night-time ritual of improvised road-blocks, burning garbage, plastic pellets, tear gas and armed bikers in plain clothes involves many fewer people than the daytime protests. And yet, inevitably, the guarimba has come to define the current protest movement, giving it its flavor, its distinctiveness, its identity.
The peaceful daytime marches have broad public support, but only when they're seen as demanding redress for failures of government rather than agitating for regime change. In the country at large, support for a coup is practically non-existent.
For the communicational hegemon, it's easy to disappear the large, day-time protests and paint the entire movement as the outcome of a tiny, violent guarimbero clique.
The cabin fever of the guarimba has given the protest movement a blinkered, inward looking, tribal flavor that guarantees its failure. The radical fringe that runs it is entirely indifferent to the need to reach out to the politically unaffiliated people the opposition needs to win over to really challenge the government. To this minuscule but determined hard core Robert Alonso is a master tactician, and Reinaldo Dos Santos is illuminated.
With its image increasingly defined by its least appealing members, it's little surprise that the protest movement has failed to build meaningful alliances outside the opposition base. People in working class neighborhoods, whether urbanizaciones populares or barrios, see the protest movement as something alien, different, not about them, not by people like them and certainly not for people like them. (Yes, there are exceptions, but again, they're only that: exceptions.) People in the towns and villages see nothing at all, because a concerted blackout has disappeared the peaceful side of the protests from the TV and the radio. (Yes, there are exceptions, but again, they're only that: exceptions.)
The guarimbification of the protest movement fits neatly into long-established government propaganda lines. For years, the government has sought to brand all dissidents as power-mad fascists willing to burn down the country to turn the clock back on the revolution. Over five weeks, a minuscule radical fringe has systematically gone about confirming every aspect of that attack. And the mainline political opposition has proven totally unable to call rein in its wingnuts.
To be clear, this is a godsend for godgiven: the ruling clique grasps that it can't fix the underlying sources of social discontent. Its hopes are centered instead on manipulating how people apportion responsibility for the mess. That's been their plan all along. And they can't believe their luck.
What the guarimbero mindset fails to grasp is that so long as there's no contagion to working class areas, the ruling clique has every reason to be relaxed about the protests. Chavismo's guiding principle is simple “a barrio in flames threatens us; an urbanización in flames strengthens us”.
A steady stream of images of better off people burning down their own neighborhoods is all SIBCI needs to apportion blame for every problem in the country on the fascist bourgeois onslaught. It's ludicrous, of course, but the drip-drip-drip of repetition across the state's sprawling propaganda empire, over years, will do the trick.
Don't believe me? Ask the next 10 Venezuelans under the age of 30 you meet in what year the oil industry was nationalized.
By 2017, all chavistas and a good many politically unaffiliated people will “remember” what the propaganda state will have spent years telling them every single day: that things were fine in Venezuela until February 2014, and that that's when the shortages started, when the inflation started, when everything went to hell. SIBCI will not rest until things you and I know are untrue to seep into our collective “common sense”. They've done it before. They've already started doing it again.
The governing clique knows what it has to do to leverage the mindless radicalism of the guarimbero fringe into a key buttress of its power. That's why it feeds that radicalism every single day. The governing clique knows the mainline opposition can't reach disaffected chavistas with an attractive pitch so long as this madness is ongoing. The guarimba is like a guaya strung across two posts on the path of the mainline opposition's longer term hearts-and-minds strategy.
So the protest movement has set in motion a real political crisis…it's just that that crisis isn't in the government, it's in the opposition, where a toxic wedge now separates factions that had managed a grudging cooperation for the last six years.
So, for all the ink spilled about how Nicolás Maduro doesn't have Chávez's political chops, he's done remarkably well out of this crisis. In some ways, he's done better: he's has suffered no high-profile defections, at home or abroad, of the kind that made the political crises of 2002-2003 so combustible.
Internationally, their stint as foreign minister has served them well: he's had no trouble neutering the old timey Inter-American system and deftly moved discussion to fora they comfortably control. And domestically he's pulled off the remarkable feat of semi-convincingly portraying the opposition as more dangerous to domestic peace and stability than the government.
The last time this happened, it took the opposition years to pull itself back together into a coherent political force. It's time chavismo was not about to waste. While we were off in the wilderness, a new, far more hostile media and institutional environment was put in place.
With every guarimba that goes up, we renew our determination to tread that miserable path anew. Only the starting point is different. The last crisis brought us from hobbled-democracy to hybrid regime. This is the crisis that eases the passage from hybrid regime to Cuban-style dictatorship.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton's campaign says certain young, undocumented immigrants should be allowed to serve in the U.S. military.
The campaign came out Thursday with a statement in support of permitting young undocumented immigrants who came to the U.S. as young children through no fault of their own — often called “DREAMers” — to enlist in the military.
"If these courageous young men and women want to serve, they should be honored and celebrated, not discriminated against,” national political director Amanda Renteria said in the statement.
“Hillary Clinton is committed to comprehensive immigration reform to strengthen families and our country. While we keep up the pressure for comprehensive action, allowing DREAMers to serve in the military is the right step forward.”
The campaign's statement coincided with a vote in the House of Representatives related to an amendment offered by Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-Arizona) to the National Defense Authorization Act, which would have paved the way for DREAMers to join the military with a work authorization.
Advertisement
The amendment had garnered bipartisan support from a House committee, which originally added the language to the act. But on Thursday, the Republican-controlled House voted in favor of stripping Gallego's amendment from the final bill, via a separate amendment offered by Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Alabama).
“To take military service jobs from Americans and from lawful immigrants in order to give them to illegal aliens is outrageous and unconscionable,” Brooks said on the House floor Thursday.
Democrats, including Clinton, used the amendment's failure to paint Republicans as “extreme” on immigration. They brought up, among other things, Republicans' multiple votes on ending President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which shields young undocumented immigrants from deportation.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Clinton has been tacking left on immigration in the wake of announcing their presidential campaign.
They surprised advocates last week by saying they would go further than Obama's executive actions in some areas as president, while pushing a legislative immigration-law overhaul that would include a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. It prompted Frank Sharry, the executive director of the pro-reform America's Voice, to say they “bear-hugged” immigrants in a way that could “shake up” the entire 2016 race.
Clinton also has said they support providing driver's licenses to undocumented immigrants, a position on which they wavered in 2008.
Advertisement
Brett LoGiurato is the senior national political correspondent at Fusion, where they cover all things 2016. He'll give you everything you need to know about politics, with a healthy side of puns.
With less than a hundred days until the release of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, excitement is starting to reach boiling point. Artists are expressing their love for the space saga with plenty of beautiful tributes, including this latest wave of flat designs by Filipe de Carvalho.
Filipe is no stranger to the world of flat designs, having already created simple icons for characters from the original trilogy. But as a giant fan of all things Star Wars, they couldn't help but make designs based on clips from the upcoming blockbuster.
Even though the impending film is shrouded in secrecy, Filipe has successfully everybody's essence in the appropriately named Star Wars: The Flat Awakens. From droids to Jedi, they're all free for you to download right now.
BB8
Kylo Ren
Star Wars Stormtrooper
Star Wars Luke
Star Wars Flat
Star Wars Flat
Star Wars Flat
Star Wars Flat
Liked this? Read these!
"Paths of Hate" is a short animated film produced in Poland in 2010, and directed by Damian Nenow. It's a tale about the demons that slumber deep in the human soul and have the power to push people into the abyss of blind hate, fury and rage. “Paths of Hate” is a film filled with spectacular and visually attractive scenes of aerial fight scenes
Although the tale is focused on fight, the dimension of fighting is irrelevant, as well as the ideology behind it. It does not matter whether two people are involved or millions. What remains are only scars – bloody traces, Paths of Hate. Falling into that abyss inevitably leads to downright destruction and extinction. This is the film synopsis.
James Clark, writer, former Marine combat correspondent and veteran of the War in Afghanistan, states "this animated short of a World War II dogfight is utterly insane, has no basis in reality, and is totally awesome." They say "a German Messerschmitt Bf-109 and a British Supermarine Spitfire perform a murderous, elegant dance in the sky, spewing rounds back and forth during a dogfight."
They state also “Paths of Hate” is a film "really fucking entertaining, with the audience practically beaten over the head with the message: Hate and violence lead to self-destruction."
The film was awarded with more than 30 awards between both 2011 and 2012. Among them an Academy Award nomination, a Special Distinction at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival. It was honored at Comic-Con, the world's largest comic and video game festival and received the Best of Show award at the 2011 SIGGRAPH festival.
See for yourself below
UNITED STATES LAWS
REGARDING SEX This edition of the alt.sex FAQs was written in the early part of 1994 by the last Alt.sex FAQ Committee. They reflect the best wisdom and knowledge of all the participants on the committee at that time. UNITED STATES SODOMY LAWS, STATE BY STATE In the first column, an M indicates misdemeanor, F is felony. ALABAMA M 13A-6-65, Sexual Misconduct, 1 year/$2000 Does not apply to married couples.
ALASKA Repealed effective 1980
ARIZONA M 13-1411, Crime Against Nature (anal intercourse), 30 days/$500 M 13-1412, Lewd and Lascivious Acts, 30 days/$500
ARKANSAS M 5-14-111, Sodomy, 1 year/$1000, same sex only Bill passed unanimously "aimed at weirdos and queers who live in a fairyland world and are trying to wreck family life." Signed into law by governor in 1977. CALIFORNIA Repealed effective 1976
COLORADO Repealed effective 1972
CONNECTICUT Repealed effective 1971
DELAWARE Repealed effective 1973
FLORIDA M 800.02, Unnatural and Lascivious Act, 60 days/$500
GEORGIA F 16-6-2, Sodomy, 1 to 20 years Upheld as to homosexuals on the grounds that there is no fundamental federal constitutional right to "engage in sodomy." Bowers v. Hardwick, 478 U.S. 186 (1986). M 16-6-15, Solicitation of Sodomy, 1 year/$1000
HAWAII Repealed effective 1973
IDAHO F 18-6605, Crime Against Nature, 5 years to life
ILLINOIS Repealed effective 1962
First state to repeal sodomy laws, in 1961. INDIANA Repealed effective 1977
Earlier effort to repeal said legalization might "give us an opportunity to study it more openly, and to see what causes it, in the hope that we can eventually eliminate it." IOWA Repealed effective 1978
KANSAS M 21-3505, Sodomy, 6 months/$1000, same sex only
KENTUCKY Held unconstitutional by state Supreme Court 1992. Commonwealth v. Wasson
LOUISIANNA F 14.89, Crime Against Nature, 5 years/$2000. Held unconstitutional by Orleans Parish Court, appeal pending. MAINE Repealed effective 1976
MARYLAND F 27-553, Sodomy, 10 years F 27-554, Unnatural or Perverted Sexual Practices, 10 years/$1000 Found not to apply to noncommercial, hetrosexual activity in private. Schochet v. State, 1990. MASSACHUSETTS F 272-34, Crime Against Nature, 20 years F 272-35, Unnatural and Lascivious Acts, 5 years/$100-$1000 Crime Against Nature applies only to anal intercourse. Unnatural and Lascivious Acts has been held not apply to private consensual adult behavior. Commonwealth v. Balthazar, Supreme Judicial Court 1974. It has been suggested that such a ruling would apply to Crime Against Nature. MICHIGAN F 750.158, Crime Against Nature, 15 years Held unconstitutional as applied to private, consensual adult behavior. Michigan Organization for Human Rights v. Kelly (Wayne County Circ. Ct. 1990), no appeal taken, only applies to Wayne County. Held consitutional by Michigan Court of Apeals (People v. Brashier) 1992, effective outside of Wayne County. Decision is needed from the Michigan Supreme Court. MINNESOTA M 609.293, Sodomy, 1 year/$3000 Minnesota's law also prohibits sex between humans and birds. MISSISSIPPI F 97-29-59, Unnatural Intercourse, 10 years
MISSOURI M 566.090, Sexual Misconduct, 1 year/$1000, same sex only
MONTANA F 45-5-505, Deviate Sexual Conduct, 10 years/$50,000, same sex only
NEBRASKA Repealed effective 1978
NEVADA Repealed effective 1993
NEW HAMPSHIRE Repealed effective 1975
NEW JERSEY Repealed effective 1979
NEW MEXICO Repealed effective 1975
NEW YORK Held unconstitutional by state Supreme Court 1980, People v. Onofre
NORTH CAROLINA F 14-177, Crime Against Nature, 10 years / discretionary fine
NORTH DAKOTA Repealed effective 1975
OHIO Repealed effective 1974
OKLAHOMA F 21-886, Crime Against Nature, 10 years A 1977 effort to repeal sodomy laws was met with a vote-delaying "chorus of giggles." OREGON Repealed effective 1972
PENNSYLVANIA Held unconstitutional by state Supreme Court 1980. Commonwealth v. Bonadio
RHODE ISLAND F 11-10-1, Crime Against Nature, 7-20 years. Includes "ordinary extramarital intercourse."
SOUTH CAROLINA F 16-15-120, Buggery, 5 years/$500 The law actually legislates the "abominable crime of buggery." No further statutory explaination given. SOUTH DAKOTA Repealed effective 1977
TENNESSEE M 39-13-510, Homosexual Acts, 30 days/$50, same sex only
TEXAS Found unconstitutional by state Court of Appeals, England v. Dallas, no appeal taken. Effective 1994 with the dismissal of Morales v. State.
UTAH M 76-5-403, Sodomy, 6 months/$1000 In 1982, the Republican State Convention added a plank to its platform stating that homosexuals should be denied the civil, political, social, and economic rights guaranteed to others. VERMONT Repealed effective 1977
VIRGINIA F 18.2-361, Crime Against Nature, 5-20 years
WASHINGTON Repealed effective 1976
WEST VIRGINIA Repealed effective 1976
WISCONSIN Repealed effective 1983
WYOMING Repealed effective 1977
U.S. Possesions D.C. Repealed effective 1993
AMERICAN SAMOA Repealed effective ?
GUAM Repealed effective ?
N. MARIANA IS. Repealed effective ?
VIRGIN ISLANDS Repealed effective ?
PUERTO RICO Criminal, penalties unknown. Compiled by Bob Summersgill <xe605C@GWUVM.GWU.EDU> DC Sodomy-Law reform coalition. AGE OF CONSENT IN THE UNITED STATES, BY STATE As of August 6, 1994 Alabama 16 Alaska 16 Arizona 18 Arkansas 16 California 18 Colorado 16 Connecticut 16 D.C. 16 Delaware 16 Florida 18 Georgia 16 Hawaii 16[3] Idaho 18 Illinois 16 Indiana 16 Iowa 14 Kansas 16 Kentucky 14[1] Louisiana 17 Maine 14 Maryland 16 Massachusetts 18 Michigan 16 Minnesota 16 Mississippi 18[2] Missouri 16 Montana 16 Nebraska 16 Nevada 16 New Hampshire 16 New Jersey 16 New Mexico 13 New York 17 North Carolina 16 North Dakota 18 Ohio 16 Oklahoma 18 Oregon 18 Pennsylvania 14 Rhode Island 16 South Carolina 16 South Dakota 16 Tennessee 18 Texas 17 Utah 14 Vermont 15 Virginia 16 Washington 18 West Virginia 16 Wisconsin 18 Wyoming 18
PixelFire Gaming CEO Leon-Luca "VirtualHeart" Beiderwieden has explained that CSGO.one's management was unaware that the team had been asked to fix online matches by their manager.
Last week, CSGO.one witnessed the departure of their CS:GO team, with the players claiming that they had been asked by the owners of the skin jackpot website to throw matches in Operation: Kinguin #2.
The team went on to join PixelFire Gaming, who remained in contact with CSGO.one in an effort to solve the dispute between the players and the skin website.
BARBARR of fm.TOXiC
BARBARR & co now represent PixelFire
In a statement, Beiderwieden has now revealed that the person who approached the players about the possibility of losing a match on purpose was simply a team manager, who has since been fired by CSGO.one. The PixelFire chief insists that the management of the skin jackpot company had no knowledge of the actions of this individual.
"The players provided me with evidence about their former manager going rogue and clearly offering them to throw one of their upcoming matches," Beiderwieden stated. "I was reached by CSGO.one's owner shortly afterwards, and I was more than happy to assist them in their investigation. "After getting all the details together there was no doubt that CSGO.one was not aware of such actions and never authorized them. "We are happy to announce that there is no dispute between the players and CSGO.one anymore. It would be unfair if shady actions of one unexperienced employee affected the whole organization, so we are glad to assist in restoring the good name of CSGO.one after the controversy. "PixelFire Gaming will keep conquering the scene and we are looking forward to facing the new CSGO.one squad in a friendly game at some point in the future!"
In a Twitlonger post, CSGO.one owner Dmitry Milyaev echoed Beiderwieden's statement and added that they are looking for a new team to sponsor. The skin jackpot website can be reached by email at team@csgo.one.
PixelFire's team will be in action this weekend at the PGL European Minor Championship, in Bucharest, where eight teams will fight for their part of a $50,000 prize pool and a spot at the MLG Columbus 2016 Main LAN Qualifier.
Thank you for your kind interest in a Harvard MBA. Here is the set of materials for your review that will allow you to better understand this career and the needed preparation.
What is an MBA? What value does an MBA add? Is it worth it?
I want an MBA, especially from Harvard! How do I get in?
Read everything here at Poets & Quants (Please! This will cover about 99% of most questions)
Tell me more about your experiences!
Reflections by 1963 HBS alumni is an excellent read - totally recommended as a reminder that HBS is just a small chunk of your life, and definitely not a marker of success
“Can you write my recommendation to business school?”: You should be seeking a recommendation from your direct supervisor.
What was your journey like?
In senior year, realised that my GMAT score was very decent and thus applied to HBS early
Went off to serve the Singapore Army - Studied SATs and GMAT in the jungle by torchlight, evenings and days off. Cut up my SAT prep books and placed into ziploc bags for waterproofing.
How did you prepare?
Please note that this was years ago!
In 2011, I bought this book to understand the process. It was amazing for me.
In 2007 while in the army, I studied the GMAT Prep Book by Princeton Review (paperback) and did 2 online free tests in the evenings and weekends. I got a decent score with this method, your experience may vary.
Do you think the case method is effective?
How to get the most out of the core curriculum?
so think about what you mean by “entrepreneurial” because resources differ
point of view from a role that ranges from management to CEO where you are expected to make decisions and run teams
come in with some bounded exploration; not company specific but industry-specific so you can apply these skills and strategies through an industry sense
case studies cover a breadth of functional skills and strategies in different geographies and situations so you learn the basic principals
Do you get to design your FIELD experiences?
What opportunities do you have for meeting other people? Have you joined clubs or associations?
to be integrated in clubs, it is better to be in leadership team
Is HBS a hard place for an introvert?
Is HBS a stressful place?
people who overexert themselves usually don't know what to focus on so they do everything and then get burned out
there are mandato ry and opt in opportunities so manage your time and the number of activities you participate in
personal reflection: what's important to you? What metrics could you use to evaluate opportunities?
General Advice before coming in
Write a personal mission statement, while understanding that how you execute might change and you can still refresh the mission statement along the way
HBS will teach you how to get to where you want to be but it will not tell you WHO to be, nor who you want to be
There are a few risky startup opportunities I am exploring, which deviate from my original 2+2 application's job plan. Would HBS have an issue with this?
The 2+2 is meant to retain people who might not have otherwise considered the MBA. No matter what you do, be able to give a good explanation about what you are doing, the opportunities you saw and why you made that choice. The 2+2 program is an opportunity to take risks, and you can use it to your advantage to build businesses that grow fast. Just don't waste your 2 years on a trip to Bali.
This question is on the possibility of 2+2s being denied admission pre-matriculation. Is this possible?
Yes. Make sure that you are focused on learning, growing and positioning yourself as someone who will add value to your MBA class. Note that you should get your extension application in early as some time may pass before HBS responds. You should also be aware of the signals you give out to people if you talk about your 2+2 and extensions, as people may plan around you with the knowledge that you may leave in a few years or months time.
This question is on things you would have done differently during your 2+2 working years. Having just graduated from HBS, is there any tips on looking at the 2+2 working years?
You have to be intentional. One of the most important things is not believing that HBS will automatically let you find yourself. HBS is a tool, which you have to put in effort to use to wherever you want. It's like a boat with a great engine. Some are going to park it to a dock. Some are going to where they want to be. Others are going to use it as their ticket to wealth.
This emphasis on being intentional is important. It is easy to accidentally end up in a place where you don't want to be. This is particularly true for HBS, since people can afford to fool around because its prestigious by default.
Figure out what you want to learn so you can know what you want to learn in HBS. Identify the events, people, and knowledge you want to gain and meet. Along the way, there's a lot of FOMO that you have to learn to ignore. Carl Icahn may swing by the campus one day, Gwyneth Paltrow may be sharing how they built their brand the next day. Whatever you choose, you have to choose not to pursue something else. That's hard.
How did you think about your time in HBS?
I came up with a list of simple rules:
Figure out your weak spots and what strengths you want to maximise. I wanted to be a great founder and a great CEO. I attended classes to learn how to hit the next level of scaling a company. I focused on learning about organisational restructuring, entrepreneurial finance, and entrepreneurial planning.
Meet a new person everyday. I couldn't go to every single networking event so knowing one person every day allowed me to connect and follow up with people in a more manageable way. I did not know everyone in my HBS class of 900, but I worked to have a genuine connection with those that I knew. I schedule catch-ups and have a deep conversation with old friends regularly. I make it a point to call my old co-founder once a month.
Join something you really care about or create it. I explored different courses, hackathons, and talked to various startups. When I walked out of HBS, I had got what I wanted. Although I missed out on 99% of the parties, drinks and trips, I did what I wanted to do. The worst possibility is doing a bit of everything and not following through with any deeply enough.
Thanks for your time. Is there anything I can help you with?
Pay it forward. Help others out and give advice to those who can benefit from it.
Washington (CNN) -- A sweeping food safety bill that passed the House and Senate earlier this year before stalling because of a legislative technicality now will likely die because Republicans object to giving it quick approval in the waning days of the congressional session, Senate leadership aides on both sides of the aisle said Friday.
The bill, designed to increase government inspections of the food supply in the wake of recent deadly food borne disease outbreaks, originally passed with wide support in the both chambers. However, it needs approval again because it violated a Constitutional requirement that bills that raise revenue initiate in the House.
To pass it a second time, Democratic leaders attached it to a giant government-funding bill but Republicans blocked that measure Thursday, in part because it contained billions of dollars in earmarks.
Democrats then wanted to attach it to a narrower government-funding bill that is expected to pass Saturday but Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Oklahoma, warned they would object if they did. A GOP leadership aide told CNN it would be impossible to approve the food bill quickly unless all Republicans support doing so.
Coburn has said they oppose the bill because, they claim, it spends billions and increases government regulations without actually making the food supply safer.
A Democratic leadership aide held out hope an 11th hour deal could save the bill the GOP leadership aide warned that it is not likely.
State senators are discussing a much-watched plan to rate public schools statewide by letter grades A through F.
The proposal is cheered by conservatives and seems likely to pass despite Democratic reservations.
The Senate Education Committee considered a letter-grade bill by its chairperson, Republican Larry Taylor, while hearing several top classroom bills Thursday.
Supporters say grades are easy to understand and will spur parents to force changes at failing schools. Schools are currently rated on a "met standards" or "needs improvement" pass-fail system.
Texas has already approved implementing a letter grade system for school districts but not individual campuses.
Democrats on the committee say they worry that attending an F-graded school could stigmatize students. They also argued that poor ratings say more about inadequate state classroom funding than education quality.
Media playback is not supported on this device Five best shots as Shapovalov shocks Edmund
2017 Aegon Championships Venue: Queen's Club, London Dates: 19-25 June Coverage: Comprehensive live coverage on BBC One, BBC Two, Red Button, Connected TV and online daily
Canadian teenager Denis Shapovalov upset British number two Kyle Edmund with a terrific performance on day one of the Aegon Championships in London.
Shapovalov, 18, won 7-6 (7-4) 4-6 6-4 at Queen's Club and goes on to face Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych.
This was the biggest win of the Wimbledon junior champion's burgeoning career, and a setback for Edmund, 22.
The Briton is ranked 146 places higher than Shapovalov at 47th and reached the quarter-finals at Queen's last year.
"It's definitely one of the biggest wins," the Canadian wildcard told BBC Sport.
"Kyle is an unbelievable player.
"It's just incredible, the feelings I have being able to play on Centre Court like this in front of thousands of people and against such a great player."
Monday's encounter was a rematch of a Davis Cup contest in February, which ended when Shapovalov was defaulted for hitting a ball in frustration that fractured umpire Arnaud Gabas's eye socket.
"Before the match I felt pretty tight," said Shapovalov.
"Once I got into it, it was fine. I didn't have many thoughts except I was thinking 'please don't do anything dumb this match. So many cameras on me'.
"But I didn't really think about the incident. It was a new match. It's behind me now."
Grigor Dimitrov and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also progressed on the opening day at Queen's, but Nick Kyrgios retired with an injury.
The Australian ninth seed aggravated a hip problem when they slipped at the baseline while playing Donald Young, but is optimistic they will recover for Wimbledon.
Bulgarian sixth seed Dimitrov, champion in 2014, beat American Ryan Harrison 6-3 6-1, and fifth seed Tsonga beat fellow Frenchman Adrian Mannarino 6-2 6-2.
Reigning champion Andy Murray plays compatriot Aljaz Bedene on Tuesday.
Media playback is not supported on this device Kyrgios retires from Queen's after awkward slip
Pressure tells on Edmund
With an on-court temperature well in excess of 30C, Shapovalov kept a cooler head with the match on the line against the more experienced Edmund.
The Canadian showed why they are widely tipped to build on last year's Wimbledon junior title with an impressive display.
Their attacking style, swinging left-handed serve and single-handed backhand brought them only their second win on the ATP Tour.
They took a tight opening set on the tie-break before dropping serve to love with a loose game at the start of the second.
Edmund served their way to one set all but was playing catch-up serving second in the decider, and the pressure told.
Two double-faults in a row saw them slip 0-40 - and three match points - down, and Shapovalov converted the third when the Briton framed a forehand.
"He held at four-all, and then I think I made an unforced error on the first point and two double faults. That's basically it," said Edmund.
"It doesn't help when you haven't got much margin for error if you lose those points. But it's a tennis match, so I've just got to try to not do it again."
Edmund is playing doubles with Australian Thanasi Kokkinakis at Queen's Club, and will head to Eastbourne next week for their final tournament before Wimbledon.
The Briton has a 3-10 career record on grass at the top level and has yet to win in four attempts in the main draw at Wimbledon.
"It's just one match at a time," they said. "I have lost matches on grass, I have won matches on grass.
"So I don't think grass has anything to do with it. It's the same for everyone."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced the Senate will vote today on whether to begin debate on a $1.4 trillion tax cut measure.
"Today, the Senate will take the next important step to fix the tax code," McConnell, R-Ky., announced on the Senate floor Wednesday.
Republicans are expected to approve the motion to proceed on the bill, which will then be open to unlimited amendments before final passage, likely later this week.
"The bottom line is this," McConnell said."We must vote to begin debate because once we do we will be one step closer to taking more money out of Washington's pocket and putting it in the pockets of the hard-working men and women we represent."
Several Republicans are seeking changes to the bill, but are likely to vote for the measure with the understanding that it will be changed through the amendment process.
McConnell urged lawmakers to vote to begin debate, "and offer their amendments."
Aleppo has been part of human history for some five thousand years. Abraham is said to have grazed their sheep on its slopes and donated their milk to the local poor. Alexander the Great founded a Hellenic settlement there. The city is cited in the Book of Samuel and Psalm 60, and for centuries its residents reflected the three great Abrahamic faiths. It was at one end of the ancient Silk Road, and a major metropolis in the many empires that conquered and ruled the region. Its medieval Citadel, pivotal during the Crusades, is one of the world's oldest and largest castles. More recently, Shakespeare referred to Aleppo in both “Macbeth” and “Othello.”
The Battle of Aleppo, which since 2012 has pitted the despotic government of President Bashar al-Assad against an array of disorganized opposition rebels, now appears to be over. A deal to allow the safe passage of the last opposition fighters, their families, and any civilians who want to leave—an end to the agony—was brokered Tuesday by Russia and Turkey. “All militants, together with members of their family and the injured, currently are going through agreed corridors in directions that they have chosen themselves voluntarily,” Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin told the U.N. Security Council.
The United States was not party to the deal, a State Department official told me. “We would welcome a ceasefire,” they said. “But we're not sure about Russian intentions. Historically, they don't always mean what they say.”
Much of the famed city, the largest in Syria, has already been destroyed. The Old City has been gutted. The destruction has been compared to that at Stalingrad and in the Warsaw Ghetto. In a crescendo of cruel air strikes, which have escalated since the summer, eastern Aleppo fell this week to the government forces holding the city's western half.
The savagery had become primordial. On Monday, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed alarm over reports of dozens of summary executions by government forces, hundreds of “missing” men, and atrocities against women and children during the final military push. At a special session of the U.N. Security Council on the Aleppo crisis, on Tuesday, France's U.N. Ambassador, François Delattre, said, “The worst humanitarian tragedy of the twenty-first century is unfolding before our eyes.” The International Red Cross warned of a “human catastrophe” as Aleppo plunged into chaos. “Every hour, butcheries are carried out,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported. On Tuesday, it said that some six thousand boys and men had been detained after fleeing rebel-held areas.
The fall of Aleppo is the biggest victory for Assad in the grisly six-year war, which has killed more than four hundred thousand people and left more than half of Syria's population, originally twenty-two million, dependent on international aid for daily survival. The odds were always against the rebel groups, which were outnumbered and outgunned by a government with airpower—and Russian, Iranian, and Lebanese Shiite forces to back it up. In the final days in the east, they basically collapsed.
“They don't have much time. They either have to surrender or die,” Syrian Lieutenant General Zaid al-Saleh told reporters on Monday, as they toured part of the recaptured city. Bedraggled civilians—long under siege and without hospitals, since the last one was bombed this fall—fled eastern Aleppo in droves.
The Assad dynasty's conquest of Aleppo is a boon to the Russians, who covet Syria as their prime Arab ally—and for its Mediterranean port. Moscow may be gaming the Presidential transition in the United States, U.S. officials told me. It is trying to insure that Assad regains control over as much Syrian territory as possible before President-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated—to present the survival of the regime as a fait accompli. Iran and its Hezbollah allies are winners, too, albeit at a cost.
The loss of Aleppo is, in turn, a huge setback for the West, Turkey, and the Gulf monarchies, which supported several rebel factions with arms, training, or funds. For two years, Secretary of State John Kerry has been trying to broker a political transition that would include both the government and the opposition. As that effort imploded, they repeatedly met with their Russian counterpart, Sergey Lavrov, right up until last week, in Hamburg—in an attempt to negotiate a ceasefire that would allow the rebels and civilians a peaceful exit to a place of their choice. In the end, Russia managed to make a deal that excluded the United States.
The deepening tension between Washington and Moscow over Aleppo was reflected in an exchange at the Security Council on Tuesday. U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power rebuked Assad, Russia, and Iran. “Your forces and proxies are carrying out these crimes,” they said. “Your barrel bombs and mortars and air strikes have allowed the militia in Aleppo to encircle tens of thousands of civilians in your ever-tightening noose. It is your noose. Three member states of the U.N. contributing to a noose around civilians. It should shame you. Instead, by all appearances, it is emboldening you. You are plotting your next assault. Are you truly incapable of shame? Is there literally nothing that can shame you? Is there no act of barbarism against civilians, no execution of a child that gets under your skin, that just creeps you out a little bit? Is there nothing you will not lie about or justify?”
Churkin, the Russian envoy, countered that it was “very strange” that Power issued a statement “as if they were Mother Teresa.” They added, “Please remember what country you are representing. Please remember your country's track record, and then you can start opining from the position of any moral supremacy.”
It is often said that the way to a man's heart is through their stomach. If so, then Super King certainly has their sights set firmly on every man's heart with its dizzying array of ethnic foods from all corners of the globe.
"We like to see a variety of ethnicities, we think that with more variety comes more people who will talk to each other about the fun things they find here," says Daniel Barth, general manager for the family-owned supermarket.
There certainly were a lot of fun things to be found in the 42,000 square-feet Super King along San Fernando Road, a former Ralphs complex retrofitted to suit a diverse market.
After negotiating the busy parking lot (itself a sign of the grocery's popularity), I was greeted by stacks of canned goods--the kind that never get much airplay in the Ralphs, Gelsons and Whole Foods of this world. Rows and rows of condensed milk, vegetable seasoning and corn bits sat on display boasting sale prices. On my right was an astounding array of nuts selections that I think Whole Foods would be hard pressed to beat. Unlike the measly spice sections of other markets, one aisle was almost dominated by the selection of dried herbs. Bundles announced: Aleppo peppers extra hot, cardamom green, even dried corn husks. Familiar logos sat alongside more exotic brands in foreign languages, which I couldn't even hope to read.
It wasn't just the products that held me in thrall, it was also the noise and bustle during my mid-afternoon grocery run. Pretending to peruse the spice section, I stopped to listen to those around me. In the space of just a few minutes, I heard snippets of Russian, Filipino, and Spanish. Those are just the one's I could make out. Super King's products are impressively diverse, so to is its clientele--a monumental feat in my book.
Mankind has often dreamed of equality, peaceful co-existence and harmony. Its most famous incarnation could very well be Star Trek's United Federation of Planets, a conglomeration of planetary governments united on principles of universal liberty, rights and equality. Unfortunately, the Federation is merely a construct. Reality has given us close approximations, megalopolises that host a multitude of ethnicities like Los Angeles, but so far none have come close to the ideal of peaceful co-existence where cultural lines are completely obliterated.
Multiculturalism in reality often comes with cultural silos--a spot of Asian here, an enclave of European there, a dollop of pure American here. One hardly ever sees cultures mixing so freely and effortlessly, with no perceptible bias for one particular culture.
Whether brought together by good value (Super King's price points decidedly gear toward the affordable) or by a wealth of selection, the grocery chain somehow blends cultures without the self-congratulatory fanfare such endeavors come with. Its grain aisle blithely stacks Jasmine rice, roasted buckwheat, basmati rice, and split pea lentils. Its alcohol section boasts Armenian brandy, Russian vodka and Tres Generaciones Reposado Tequila.
The grocery's dedication to variety, and its successful implementation of it on their shelves, have won them a loyal fan base, some that drive as far as 20 miles. "Our average trip is much longer, which we've figured out from ZIP code studies," says Barth. Customers go the extra mile for Super King, it seems, but now they might not have to. Super King opened branches in Northridge and Van Nuys in the past two years. Aside from that, San Fernando Valley's population density could comfortably support a grocery such as Super King.
Apart from giving a larger community a place to find familiar foods, Super King also provides locals full-time employment. "We employ over 200 people at the store, which is absolutely outrageous for a more typical supermarket. Most of them full-time, from the community and eligible for medical benefits."
Its staff reflects the grocery's own ideals of diversity, which Barth believes helps break down barriers. They ascribe to the famed Mark Twain quote, "Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness." It costs far less to push a cart down Super King's aisles, but the effect is still the same. "It's really fun to shop with all these different people in our stores," says Barth, "You push your cart through the aisles alongside them and you think, 'Hey, wait a minute, these are people who buy food, cook for their families, and have husbands, wives and children of their own.' The implicit message here is that people--no matter where they're from--are just people." And they all bump into each other along the aisles of this neighborhood grocery.
Dallas' 2014 murder rate was its lowest since 1930 — the year Bonnie and Clyde met at a West Dallas house party.
And the Dallas Police Department's preliminary count of 116 murders last year — there is one unexplained death awaiting a ruling — would be the lowest yearly murder tally since 1965. It's also a notable drop from the 143 murders in 2013 and it's fewer than half the murders recorded in 2004.
Police officials say their crime-fighting and crime-prevention strategies have played a major role in reducing homicides, the rarest of major crimes. Others say outside variables — medical advancements, changing demographics and better social services — deserve much of the credit.
But they all are marveling at the figures.
“I'm really amazed at how low that number has gotten,” said Dallas ISD Police Chief Craig Miller, who became a Dallas police officer in 1982 and later headed the homicide unit.
Miller said police technology, such as surveillance cameras, has helped deter criminals. They also said paramedics and better trauma care have played big roles. Dallas Fire-Rescue has touted improved response times in recent years. And officers also are now equipped with tourniquets and gauze. One officer used the aids last week to help save a gunshot victim in South Dallas.
Police officials will brief City Council members on the murder drop during a retreat next week, although they already are dealing with eight slayings in the first seven days of 2015. Still, they are taking stock of last year's murder figure — one they couldn't imagine in previous years.
For every 100,000 people, the city tallied just over nine murders last year. That is still slightly above the 2013 national average for cities of more than 1 million people but is far better than murder havens Flint, Mich., and Detroit, where about 48 and 45 people out of every 100,000 are slain, respectively. And many similar-size cities aren't reporting such significant drops. Some are reporting upticks.
The murder number does not include justifiable homicides, such as shootings by police or homeowners who shoot burglars.
Assistant Chief Randy Blankenbaker, who oversees criminal investigations, said police aren't celebrating much or focused on improving the year-over-year numbers.
“Our goal and our desire is to not beat this year, it's to not see people get murdered in the city of Dallas,” they said.
They said Dallas officers deserve much of the credit because “they're true heroes every day.” But they said police commanders' strategies, such as youth outreach programs and crime watch groups, also are paying dividends.
And they said police work to bring down drug houses, an increase in robbery detectives and a task force assigned to catch big-time robbery suspects have contributed to the murder rate decline.
Blankenbaker said the city's focus on family violence, and new efforts by family violence detectives such as a lethality assessment, have helped, too.
They said robbery-motivated slayings were cut nearly in half last year from 2013. Domestic violence killings also were down to 15 from 24 in 2013.
But Dallas will record an increase in aggravated assaults last year, meaning violent attacks aren't necessarily down in the city. Blankenbaker played down the tie between aggravated assaults — which could be serious but non-life-threatening attacks — and homicides.
Still, they said commanders have been more intensely scrutinizing aggravated assaults in recent months so they can bring the number back down again.
‘Tremendous' change
Violence is still down significantly from when the city peaked at 500 murders in 1991.
“It was almost a daily occurrence where you worked a murder or somebody is shot,” said Blankenbaker, who worked in the southeast division at the time. “It's a tremendous difference now.”
That year, Bill Rathburn took over as Dallas chief. They quickly doubled the size of the homicide unit to solve more cases.
“The reason is that a lot of murders are the result of robbery-related, gang-related and drug-related,” Rathburn said. “People who murder while they are involved in one of those activities will murder again and again and again until they are taken off the street.”
Retired Assistant Chief Ron Waldrop, who oversaw the homicide unit in 1991, said they never thought the murder tally would get as high as it did that year. They said the boost to the squad was “certainly necessary,” even if it did take a while to break the new officers in.
“We just weren't prepared to handle that many murders with the number of detectives we had,” they said.
Rathburn and Waldrop also said a new narcotics street squad helped keep small-time drug players and addicts in check.
In 1993, Rathburn's last year as chief, the city was back down to 317 murders. The total hasn't hit 300 since.
Much of the decline in Dallas over the years has mirrored a national trend. John Worrall, a criminology professor at the University of Texas at Dallas, said theories include an aging population, the end of the crack cocaine epidemic and less lead-based paint in houses.
“It's a mystery, long story short,” they said. “My guess is that it's going to go back up at some point. There are entire classes, entire books written on this — studies galore. Nobody has reached any kind of consensus on what's driving this kind of decline.”
Worrall said the Dallas department is “certainly a forward-thinking, progressive agency” that puts together “creative initiatives.”
“But parsing out which of those have any effect on homicide is impossible,” they said.
But, Rathburn said, police have to keep fighting to keep crime down, even if they can't control it.
“You have to believe you'll make a difference, or you won't make a difference,” they said.
Victims' view
Not everyone was pleased with the work of homicide investigators.
The slaying of D'Lisa Kelley remains unsolved nearly a year after the 24-year-old pregnant mother was found dead last March inside a vacant east Oak Cliff house.
Dominique Alexander, a family friend, said Kelley's family hasn't been in contact with police in several months. They said the family is “saddened” by the seeming lack of progress with the investigation.
“This was a brutal killing and [the killer] is out there,” Alexander said.
But Tammy Simpson, the mother of slain Wilmer-Hutchins High School basketball star Troy Causey, said Dallas detectives did make a difference for them Jonathan Turner, 19, was arrested and charged in May in Causey's beating death. The two were roommates.
Simpson said they now work with an organization called No More Violence, which helps some parents of violent crime victims who may have had difficult experiences with police.
“That is a really tough job they have, and I can only speak for my son's case,” Simpson said. “But I think it was handled with the utmost professionalism and respect.”
Staff writer Julie Fancher contributed to this report.
dalmurdergrafik
Giulio Meotti The writer, an Italian journalist with Il Foglio, writes a twice-weekly column for Arutz Sheva.  They are the author of the book "A New Shoah", that researched the personal stories of Israel's terror victims, published by Encounter and of "J'Accuse: the Vatican Against Israel" published by Mantua Books.. Their writing has appeared in publications, such as the Wall Street Journal, Frontpage and Commentary. More from the author ► The writer, an Italian journalist with Il Foglio, writes a twice-weekly column for Arutz Sheva.  They are the author of the book "A New Shoah", that researched the personal stories of Israel's terror victims, published by Encounter and of "J'Accuse: the Vatican Against Israel" published by Mantua Books.. Their writing has appeared in publications, such as the Wall Street Journal, Frontpage and Commentary.
In 1961, when it was clear that France had no chance of winning the war in Algeria, ideas about partitions of that North African country flourished. One that was seriously considered suggestef creating a reserve for Whites and Harkis around the city of Oran, while Algiers would have been, like Berlin, a city divided in two parts.
General de Gaulle eventually rejected the plan drawn up by Alain Peyrefitte. But it happened elsewhere. Greece and Turkey exchanged their populations in 1922 to put an end to a war that lasted 100 years and, as a result, the war in Cyprus ended. Sudan closed the book on its civil war by granting independence to the south of the country. The same thing happened in Northern Ireland.
The “War over France” is hardly just at its beginnings. Many murderous Islamist attacks have taken place and large territories are already outside the control of the French secular Republic. Even if the conflict is still in its infancy, the notion of “partition” or secession is advancing in public opinion. That is why in the monthly magazine Causeur, a respected publication edited by Elizabeth Levy, a long article just supported the idea of a division of France.
“Everyone realizes that a second people has formed in France, a branch that wants to define its life on religious values ​​and is fundamentally opposed to the liberal consensus on which our country was founded,” writes Christian de Moliner. “But a nation always rests on a fundamental pact, a minimum of laws that all approve. This is not the case anymore”.
While France is not yet at open war, the faithful of the Prophet are already grouped in areas governed by special rules (compulsory veil, anti-Semitism, marital life regulated according to the Qur'anic principles). “For fear of appearing 'Islamophobic' and to satisfy this burgeoning fringe of Muslims, the French governments are ready to accept the spread of radical practices throughout the country: the veil at school and at work, the obligation of halal meat in all the canteens”.
There will not be adherence of the entire country to Islam as in Michel Houellebecq's “Submission”, but simply the situation where a religious minority imposes its rules on large parts of it. “The expulsion of the extremists, elegantly called 'remigration', is impossible if we keep a democratic framework. Deporting the descendants of immigrants would be brutal and intolerable and it is enough to be convinced to look at the dreadful fate of the Rohingyas. A total separation, territorial and political, is impossible. No viable nation can be formed from multiple Muslim ghettos that have no geographical unity. The only solution that seems to me to suit the various trends of the current society would one territory, one government, but two peoples: the French with the usual laws and Muslims with a Qur'anic status. A council of ulemas will fix the religious law, but the autonomy will stop there. It is obviously out of the question that an embryonic Muslim government is settling in France. The idea would bring peace to France, break the excesses of Islam and preserve a democratic framework for 95% of the population”.
De Moliner's practical proposal is clearly utopian, but the very fact that in France writers and journalists are trying to imagine such solutions to the current state of the country gives you an idea of what is happening in Paris. It is in a panic. Muslim extremists and bandits took control of many no-go French areas, Jews are leaving their historic areas to regroup in more safe ones, the magazine Charlie Hebdo is suffering a new wave of mortal death threats, Emmanuel Macron just returned from a trip in Abu Dhabi and Ryadh where they praised Islam and the French foreign fighters are returning to their home country after the defeat of ISIS in Syria.
Everything is now returning to its proper place. Ready for a future Islamist explosion.
Barbara Ankersmit tells a story that illustrates for them the difference in generations when it comes to engaging the populace.
Ankersmit, president of research at marketing and communications firm Anthology, said when they used to peek in on focus groups, they would find participants talking to each other and making social connections. They craved face-to-face time.
“Now, everyone is on their phone,” they said, admitting that she's an “old fogey.”
Ankersmit's analogy neatly answered the question posed at a talk Wednesday night in Kakaako: “If we love Hawaii so much, why don't we vote?”
The answer, in no small part, is older people still vote but younger people are tuning out. Hawaii has gone from turnout in the 90th percentile in the 1960s to last in the nation in recent years.
Zócalo Public Square
How About All-Mail Voting?
Wednesday's talk was sponsored by the Daniel K. Inouye Institute, Zócalo Public Square and Hawaii Public Radio.
Zócalo, part of Arizona State University's Office of Knowledge Enterprise Development, describes its mission as connecting “people to ideas and to each other by examining essential questions in an accessible, broad-minded, and democratic spirit.”
Zócalo Public Square
Wednesday's talk pretty much did just that, although it was a smallish crowd and skewed to an older demographic.
While it suggested the likelihood of improving voter turnout is dim, possible solutions were proposed.
Like all-mail voting, for example. Ankersmit noted that a majority of Hawaii voters are already choosing to vote absentee.
(The Hawaii Legislature killed a bill to implement all-mail voting in the final days of conference committee in April, but there is talk that it will be revived in 2018.)
Another possibility is online voting. Panelist Pete Peterson, dean of the Pepperdine School of Public Policy, warned that the software has yet to be cyber-proofed. Think of the Russian collusion in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Ankersmit, however, said online voting seems inevitable and noted that many of us already registered to vote online. And Peterson said that automatic voter registration when applying for a driver's license has shown some success in increasing voter rolls.
For Randy Perreira, director of the Hawaii Government Employees Association, the state's largest union, civic engagement begins at home. They said their three kids all vote, even if they — like their own union members — don't necessarily vote the way he'd like them too.
“When it starts at home, it matters,” they said.
But Perreira also lamented that their kids are not as informed on the issues as they are. That's because civics is no longer a requirement in high schools.
Zócalo Public Square
Which leads to another challenge: Politicians need to talk about the issues in language that is understood by most people, and that is pertinent to their lives.
Instead of talking about, say, housing and traffic, frame the issues as “How can I move out of my parent's house into my own apartment?” and “How can I stop spending an hour and a half going to and from work in traffic?”
Here are a few more takeaways from the talk, which was ably moderated by KHON2 investigative reporter Gina Mangieri.
Perreira said voter turnout is not a problem for HGEA, a public sector union, where roughly 90 percent of members are registered. What motivates their members to vote in a governor's race, they said, is whether they like the people the incumbent appointed to be their bosses.
People vote for people, not necessarily issues or interests. Peterson, a Republican who works at a Christian university, said Bernie Sanders was an authentic candidate to many voters. They also said the U.S. is in an age of “outsiders,” which includes Sanders but also Donald Trump … whose authenticity, Peterson hinted, is being tested.
Voters don't like it when they reach out to their elected leaders and don't hear back. They'll remember at election time. They also don't like it when “the cake is baked,” that is, a decision has been made without their input.
Rail in Honolulu may be years behind schedule and approaching $10 billion, but Peterson noted that the high-speed train between Los Angeles and San Francisco is barely 10 miles long after 10 years and has more than doubled in price to as much as $90 billion.
To Ankersmit's earlier point about focus groups and smart phones, handheld devices may be changing for the worse the way people communicate. Peterson pointed to a study that younger generations raised on smartphones and tablets have lower levels of empathy and are unable to read body language.
Younger people are still interested in public office. Perreira said there will be a number of young candidates on local ballots next year.
This was my second Zócalo-Inouye talk. The first, held a few months back, was on whether Hawaii has the strongest sense of identity among the states. This one was better, which is encouraging, because there will be more such talks.
One gripe: I hate it when, during the Q&A session that follows, some audience members use their time to talk about themselves and their views rather than to ask questions.
But at least they had the gumption to turn out on a rainy Honolulu evening to talk about how to improve voter turnout in Hawaii.
The new White Castle at 2140 S. Wabash Ave. will be open 24/7 and, unlike its predecessor, can seat guests inside. View Full Caption Provided
SOUTH LOOP — White Castle is back and bigger than ever in the South Loop.
The fast food chain will debut its newest restaurant at 9 a.m. Thursday at the northwest corner of Cermak Road and Wabash Avenue, said Darrin Cotton, a district supervisor at White Castle.
Once open, the restaurant at 2140 S. Wabash will serve guests 24 hours a day, seven days a week and include a drive-thru. Unlike its predecessor that was torn down in May, the new South Loop White Castle can also seat about 50 guests inside, where they can watch TV, use Wi-Fi and see cooks work in an open kitchen.
The new-and-improved White Castle is the latest addition to the quickly changing area around McCormick Place, where a new Green Line station opened two years ago and the Wintrust Arena will start hosting events next month.
White Castle will honor the occasion by debuting a new, deluxe "1921 Slider" sold for $1.69 with never-frozen beef, Lawry's seasoned salt, lettuce, tomato, and onion. The burger's name nods to the year the first-ever White Castle opened.
The 1921 Slider will only be sold at the South Loop White Castle. [Provided]
The South Loop White Castle is one of five in the city, and sits on an important intersection for the chain.
A former White Castle built in 1930 across the street at 43 E. Cermak was landmarked by the city in 2011. Then, city officials said the building was the "best-surviving example" here of a White Castle, which popularized hamburgers in America and is considered the "father" of this country's fast-food chains. Chicago was once home to many more White Castles, most of them on the city's south and west sides, and the chain's founder once said they loosely modeled their restaurants' distinctive designs on the Old Water Tower on North Michigan Avenue.
Prior to White Castle's 1920s founding in Kansas, hamburgers were dismissed by most Americans as "carnival food" that resembled meatball sandwiches lumped between cold slices of bread. But the chain improved the food with thin patties, onions and warm buns grilled quickly in front of customers in clean-looking, white-glazed restaurants. The store at 43 E. Cermak, the 16th in the company's history, was built for $4,500 during the depths of the Great Depression.
The new restaurant's debut will follow at 8:45 a.m. ribbon-cutting Thursday that will be attended by local officials including 3rd Ward Ald. Pat Dowell, U.S. Rep. Danny Davis (D.-Ill.), as well as state Rep. Juliana Stratton, also a candidate for Illinois lieutenant governor on the ticket with governor's candidate J.B. Pritzker.
The old South Loop White Castle that was torn down in May. [DNAinfo/David Matthews]
RELATED STORIES:
New White Castle With Dining Room, Flat-Screen TVs Coming To South Loop
White Castle Eyes New Restaurant at Historic South Loop Intersection (2015)
Bob Dylan, Mavis Staples To Play First Concert At New McCormick Place Arena
Pair was allegedly pocketing the money given by NASA for their startup instead of paying graduate students to do the work
From AP and web reports:
Professor, Wife Sentenced After Defrauding NASA
The duo told NASA that their startup company would develop a cutting-edge sensor used to track climate change. Instead, prosecutors alleged, they used the company to funnel money to themselves.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A university professor in Pennsylvania has been sentenced to a year and a day in prison on a conviction of defrauding NASA by letting graduate students and researchers do all the work on a $700,000 project.
U.S. District Court Judge Harvey Bartle III also ordered Yujie Ding on Wednesday to pay a fine of $3,000 and restitution of $72,000. Their wife, Yuliya Zotova, was sentenced to three months in prison.
Authorities said the Lehigh University engineering professor and their wife told NASA that their startup company ArkLight would develop a cutting-edge sensor used to track climate change. Instead, prosecutors alleged, they used the company “as a front to funnel federal grant money to themselves for research performed by students and others.”
Jurors convicting the couple of six of 10 fraud counts.
http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a827b865066d491b8095605e6f5ee0ea/professor-wife-sentenced-convictions-defrauding-nasa
According to the U.S. Attorney's Office, from August 2009 through July 2010, the pair submitted proposals to NASA seeking research funding by claiming that their business, ArkLight, was doing research and subcontracting work to Lehigh University where Ding was a professor.
Instead, an investigation found that the pair used ArkLight “as a front to funnel federal grant money to themselves for research performed by students and others working under Ding's supervision at their university lab.”
According to the U.S. Attorney's Office, the defendants sent invoices to NASA for research that, a jury found, ArkLight had not participated in.
http://www.phillyvoice.com/lehigh-university-professor-wife-sentenced-scheme-defraud-nasa/
Here is the Federal Indictment: federal_indictment_ding_zotova (PDF)
h/t to WUWT reader “average joe”
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
The University of São Paulo to support Openmoko?
From: "Jon 'maddog' Hall" <maddog-AT-li.org> To: community-AT-lists.openmoko.org Subject: The University of São Paulo's intent to join Openmoko development Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2009 07:02:48 -0400 Message-ID: <1247482968.6019.10.camel@shamet> Archive-link: Article
Dear Openmoko Community, In light of the refocusing of Sean's company on consumer items, there has been a perceived vacuum created in the Openmoko community's efforts to create next-generation open cellular smart phones. I happened to be working with Dr. Marcelo Zuffo, a full professor and the head of the Laboratory for Integrated Systems at the University of São Paulo, Brazil, on an unrelated project. I asked Dr. Zuffo if the university would be willing to join the Openmoko community and to provide critical resources to the task at hand. I subsequently have met with Dr. Zuffo several times on this matter, have seen their facilities (which include a very modern and state-of-the-art SMT line) and have discussed the goals of the community to design and prototype a completely open design for a cellular phone. Dr. Zuffo and the university understand your issues, understand free and open source software and hardware and are willing to assist the community with this project. I might add that the university can bring several new capabilities to the community: First of all, Dr. Zuffo has discussed the Openmoko project with the Minister of Telecommunications of Brazil, and the Minister is very enthusiastic about the concept. Having the support of the government of the twelfth largest economy behind the project might really help us with various negotiations with vendors. Secondly the University has been working on several aspects of telecommunications for a long time, and therefore has expertise in telephonic security and codecs (among other things) that could be of use to the Openmoko community. Third, the university has the ability and expertise to design new integrated circuits. Recently they designed a a range of analog-digital chips. Therefore the possibility of developing, manufacturing and freely licensing new chips to help reduce the cost of the phone is possible. Forth, while the facilities I mentioned are capable of producing up to 10,000 units at the rate of one circuit board every 30 seconds, the purpose of the facilities is research, developing and support projects that can lead innovation, the lab's charter does not allow them to manufacture more units then the 10,000 because that would be "commercial production". Therefore the university has a goal of freely licensing the design to companies for manufacture. Fifth, the university would be happy to host the mailing lists and forums of the Openmoko project. If some of the software projects need hosting and can not find hosting services other places, the university will consider acting as a primary hosting facility for these projects. Sixth, personally I would like to see this concept extended, of inviting more universities and their facilities to help with this project world-wide. I hope that the leadership of the University of São Paulo will help create the structure and inspiration for this to happen. Finally, the university has a non-profit legal entity, LSITEC, which can easily do the type of paperwork that Sean's company did (NDAs, certification) so the community can leverage off that. I know that there will be a lot of questions and considerations to take before the community is comfortable with this relationship. Dr. Zuffo has asked that I help coordinate the joining together of the university with the community, and in the interest of seeing Openmoko continue to do the fine work started by Sean and all of you, I will be glad to help in this capacity. I am monitoring the community mailing list, and people are also welcome to email me directly (maddog@li.org) with questions that you do not (for any reason) wish to post to the list. A copy of Dr. Zuffo's letter of intent is below. I have the original PDF if anyone would like to see it, but it was too big to make it through the community's standards on mailing lists unmoderated, and I thought you might like to see this as soon as possible. Warmest regards, Jon "maddog" Hall President, Linux International CTO of Koolu, Inc. ========================================================================================================== São Paulo, 8th July 2009, Mr. Jon Maddog Hall The Executive Director Linux International. Dear Mr. Hall, according our conversation LSI-USP the Laboratory for Integrated Systems at the University of São Paulo, Brazil, is interested in hosting the OpenMoko Community to design innovative cell phone designs. We would like to offer the community the following facilities: ? State-of-art facilities for SMT (Surface Mounting Technology) prototyping of complex electronics boards; ? State-of-art facilities and expertise for design HW and SW in telephony and communications; ? Expertise in testing and certification; ? A new building located at a Center position at USP São Paulo, to host community meetings, as well as computational infrastructure for email , WEB servers and project databases. -LSI has a long term expertise in designing complex electronics systems, including integrated circuits, and we would like to involve also our IC design team that could eventually design some components of the OpenMoko models. All legal procedures will be conducted by LSITEC, our non-profit organization to help technology developing. Finally I would like to be completely available for any further questions and discussion. My regards, Marcelo Knörich Zuffo Full Professor Laboratory for Integrated Systems University of São Paulo ? Brazil _______________________________________________ Openmoko community mailing list community@lists.openmoko.org http://lists.openmoko.org/mail carrier/listinfo/community
School districts statewide cut 25,000 positions after budget cuts
Visit public schools across Texas, and you'll see more students packed into classrooms. You'll see fewer of just about everyone else - teachers, librarians, counselors, janitors.
New data from the Texas Education Agency illustrate what school officials have decried for months: Their staffs are stretched thin following the unprecedented state budget cuts that took effect this school year.
Statewide, districts eliminated roughly 25,000 positions, including more than 10,700 teaching jobs. Overall, districts cut their workforce by 4 percent - through attrition and, in some cases, layoffs - since last school year.
"I'm hoping the Legislature will see there's hard data showing that, yes, districts are making some good decisions in terms of efficiencies," said Bob Sanborn, president of Children at Risk, a Houston-based nonprofit that analyzed the state figures. "But the Legislature should be very worried that in the haste to be more efficient we are cutting our future out from under us."
In the greater Houston area, districts reduced their workforce by 5 percent - with 7,655 fewer employees overall, including nearly 3,300 fewer teachers.
With not as many teachers, schools either eliminated courses - such as choir or journalism - or requested waivers to exceed the 22-student cap on elementary classes.
Sue Deigaard, the mother of two students in the Houston Independent School District, said their second-grader's class hit 24 students this year, and their fifth-grader's has 29 or 30. They said the school, Twain Elementary, didn't lose a fifth-grade teacher this year but might have been able to hire another one with more funding.
"My older daughter will tell you, 'We don't fit in that room,' " said Deigaard, who testified before the Legislature last spring about supporting public education.
HISD, the state's largest district, cut 2,141 positions, including 891 teachers, according to the data obtained by Children at Risk.
Teachers hit hardest
Texas lawmakers, agreeing with Gov. Rick Perry's no-tax-hike pledge to balance the budget, cut per-student funding to public education by $5.4 billion over the biennium, which includes the current school year and next year.
"The cuts weren't as bad as they could have been," said Rep. Rob Eissler, R-The Woodlands, who chairs the House Education Committee.
One House proposal would have reduced school funding by $10 billion, costing an estimated 100,000 jobs.
Teachers made up the largest number of staffing cuts statewide, followed by auxiliary staff, which includes bus drivers, custodians and cafeteria workers.
Principals, central office staff and other administrators weren't hit as hard.
Districts cut 10,718 teaching jobs and 545 administrative jobs this school year, according to the state data.
Nearly 7,000 auxiliary positions were cut, and districts eliminated about the same number of support staff such as teaching aides, librarians and counselors.
Sanborn, of Children at Risk, said districts have been reducing administrative staff over the last several years, making it harder to cut deeper this year.
Pain not spread evenly
In the Houston area, the impact of the budget cuts, coupled with changes in student enrollment, varied. For example, Tomball ISD gained 26 positions, growing 2 percent, while Spring ISD lost 587 jobs, or 12 percent of its workforce, according to the state data.
Generally, the districts that added positions were charter schools.
Richard Kouri, the executive director of the Texas State Teachers Association, said they worry about more job cuts next school year.
"Class sizes are getting bigger," they said. "A lot of school districts are talking about eliminating programs. There isn't anything that's going to change that in 2012-13."
ericka.mellon@chron.com
District
Job cuts at schools
Houston ISD 891 2,141 9
Spring ISD 185 587 12
Fort Bend ISD 152 540 6
Aldine ISD 181 463 6
Cypress-Fairbanks ISD 227 370 3
Spring Branch ISD 119 341 7
Katy ISD 9 341 4
Humble ISD 171 287 6
Alief ISD 70 251 4
Conroe ISD 39 232 4
Klein ISD 78 204 4
Brazosport ISD 65 173 10
Santa Fe ISD 23 150 25
Pasadena ISD 124 139 2
Clear Creek ISD 178 134 3
Goose Creek ISD 120 130 4
Teachers
lost
Total positions lost
Total percentage of workforce lost
%
Clive Owen was the star in the original campaign
BMW of North America is planning to bring back BMW Films, the pioneering online movie series produced by A-List Hollywood directors/actors that popularized branded content on Madison Avenue more than a decade ago
The first iteration of BMW Films was "The Hire:" a series of eight online films starring Clive Owen as a mysterious-driver-for-hire that were produced for the Internet from 2001-2002.
Running 8-10 minutes apiece, the mini-movies featured Mr. Owen driving BMW models such as the Z4 roadster. The flicks were directed by some of the biggest names in Hollywood, including Ang Lee, John Woo, Guy Ritchie and the late John Frankenheimer.
Mr. Owen's performance helped turn them into an international movie star. Besides the BMW cars, Mr. Owen's co-stars included Gary Oldman, Don Cheadle, Mickey Rourke and Madonna (who was directed by their former husband, Mr. Ritchie).
A team led by David Lubars and Bruce Bildsten at BMW's former agency, Fallon, Minneapolis, created the idea for "The Hire" and wrote the scripts with input from directors such as Mr. Ritchie. Anonymous Content produced the films. David Fincher executive-produced.
Hey everybody. I just wanted to thank everybody who has taken an interest in this mod, especially those who have posted their thanks, comments, questions and suggestions! We're nearly up to 300 downloads so far, with downloaders from all over the world!
I would like those who posted concerns to rest easy, knowing that I've been reading them, and will be fixing many of your issues, as well as some ones I've found internally* in an upcoming version of Portal Pro.
Also, for those of you who are still stuck on a level, a tester and I have recorded and uploaded a walkthrough of every single level onto youtube, and they can all be found here:
Youtube.com
And for all of you who have beaten Portal Pro, keep in mind that there are a few challenge maps that will test you even further, but only if you unlock them by finding a special item hidden throughout the game!
* Currently Secret Chamber 2 is unbeatable because you start with a blue-only portal gun. This will be fixed in the next version. In the meantime, this is how you can fix it:
Sony chief executive Sir Howard Stringer has sidestepped calls to stand down in the wake of the devastating PlayStation Network hacking attack that affected 100 million gamers.
Speaking at the company's annual shareholders meeting on Monday night, a combative Stringer said the electronics giant was targeted simply because it tried to protect its intellectual property.
"We believe that we first became the subject of attack because we tried to protect our IP , our content – in this case video games," the Welsh-born executive said. "These are our corporate assets, and there are those that don't want us to protect them, they want everything to be free."
Stringer sidestepped one shareholder's call to step down over the breach, a call greeted by scattered applause from some other shareholders.
Sony was forced to shut down its popular PlayStation Network on 20 April after the attack, thought to be the largest in internet history. The company has estimated that recovery from the huge breach, which saw the personal information of as many as 100 million gamers stolen, will cost about $173m (£105m).
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack. The notorious hacking clan Anonymous refuted allegations that it was to blame after Sony claimed to have found evidence pointing to the loose-knit collective.
Stringer has fought back at critics who accused the Japanese electronics giant of being too slow to warn gamers that their personal information – including email addresses and credit card details – might have been compromised.
They said in May: "This was an unprecedented situation. Most of these breaches go unreported by companies – 43% [of companies] notify victims within a month. We reported in a week. You're telling me my week wasn't fast enough?"
The network, which allows gamers to play virtually against each other online, has slowly limped back into life after it was reopened in a reduced form on 16 May.
The US Homeland Security Department on Monday unveiled a new guidance system to help large corporations stave off attacks from internet pranksters, the Financial Times reported. The guidance includes a list of the top 25 programming weakspots which hackers have been known to target.
The Atari 2600 Video Computer System (VCS), introduced in 1977, was the most popular home video game system of the early 1980's. Now you can enjoy all of your favorite Atari 2600 games on your PC thanks to Stella!
Stella is a multi-platform Atari 2600 VCS emulator released under the GNU General Public License (GPL). Stella was originally developed for Linux by Bradford W. Mott, and is currently maintained by Stephen Anthony. Since its original release several people have joined the development team to port Stella to other operating systems such as AcornOS, AmigaOS, DOS, FreeBSD, IRIX, Linux, OS/2, macOS, Unix, and Windows. The development team is working hard to perfect the emulator and we hope you enjoy our effort.
On this site you'll find information about downloading, installing, using, and enhancing Stella. You'll also find useful information about the Atari 2600, emulation and homebrew development.
Forget all those ideas about natural rights and consent of the governed. This year, Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) wants to celebrate Obamacare.
Next week when we celebrate Independence Day we'll also be observing health independence. This week marks one year since the Supreme Court upheld the Affordable Care Act, it captures the spriit of our founders, the spirit they wrote in the Declaration of Independence: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The Affordable Care Act offers just that—a healthier life, liberty to pursue a person's happiness, to be free of constraint, to be job-locked because they're policy-locked—so if you wanted to be a cameraman, a writer, if you want to be self-employed, if you start a business, if you want to change jobs, whatever it is you want to do, you are free, you have the liberty to do so. So we've had Social Security, Medicare, and now health independence, and that's something our members will take home to celebrate over this Independence Day.
Pelosi's declaration came as the Obama administration continues to ramp up efforts to increase public support for the law, as the enrollment requirement is set to be implemented this October. A series of recent polls suggest a majority opposes the law, and many uninsured Americans don't know about the individual mandate.
In recent days, there were reports that Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius was soliciting the NFL in an attempt to advertise enrollment.
From Yahoo!:
As part of that initiative, HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius reported that the department has been "very actively and enthusiastically engaged" in discussions with the NFL and NBA. Interesting, then, that the NFL responded a few days later with this statement: "We have responded to the letters we received from members of Congress to inform them we currently have no plans to engage in this area and have had no substantive contact with the administration about PPACA's implementation."
Of course, the Obama administration's struggles to promote the law is the opposite of what they predicted would happen as full implementation approaches.
Click here for more Reason.com coverage of Obamacare.
We recycle a lot of things -- paper, plastic, metal, blood.
Red blood cells
Yes, blood. During some surgeries, operating room personnel try to capture as much blood as possible and return the red blood cells to your system, instead of, or in addition to, donated blood from a blood bank. They find that patients have better outcomes when transfused with their own blood.
A Johns Hopkins University study, published in the June issue of the journal Anesthesia and Analgesia, explains one reason for that. As banked blood sits on shelves for as long as 42 days, the membranes of red blood cells become less able to change shape and squeeze through the smallest capillaries to deliver critical oxygen to tissues.
"The smallest capillaries are five microns in diameter. Red blood cells are seven microns," said Steven Frank, an associate professor in the Department of Anesthesiology at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, who led the research. In addition to their weakened ability to deliver oxygen, the red blood cells can sometimes plug those capillaries, they said.
The irony is that blood banks sometimes face shortages of donated blood, and red blood cell salvaging, as it is sometimes known, is cheaper than using banked blood. Banked blood -- whether obtained from the Red Cross, a practice followed by smaller hospitals, or banked at major facilities such as Hopkins -- costs about $240 per unit, Frank said. Recycled blood costs about $120 for the plastic tubing and other equipment needed to salvage the first unit, but nothing more once the equipment is set up in an operating room and a person is brought in to run it.
Smaller hospitals may not have the equipment or personnel for such salvaging, but larger ones certainly do, Frank said. The technique, which can recapture 50 percent to 75 percent or more of a patient's blood, can be used during heart surgery, vascular surgery, joint replacements, transplants, some Caesarean sections and even trauma surgery, they said.
"We do use the cell-saver blood," Frank said. "I just think we don't use it enough. The banked blood is the easy way out. It's always available."
Recycling a patient's blood became popular in the 1980s, when the risk of HIV in donated blood was higher. But now banked blood is considered so safe that getting HIV or hepatitis from it carries the same risk as being struck by lightning or killed in an airplane crash, Frank said.
Five large studies have shown that the amount of blood needed doesn't affect the fresh vs. stored equation either, Frank said. In all of those studies, people receiving fresh blood were less likely, or no more likely, to suffer heart attacks, strokes, death or infections after surgery, they said.
In the Johns Hopkins study, researchers divided 32 patients into three groups. One received only recycled blood; one received mostly recycled blood supplemented by a small amount of banked blood; and one received recycled blood plus a larger amount of stored blood. The banked blood had been stored an average of 25 days.
The patients receiving banked blood did worse than those who received only their own recycled blood, the study showed, a condition that lasted for about three days after surgery.
"People say blood saves lives, and it does if you're hemorrhaging," Frank said. But it's also "very clear that the longer they're stored in the blood bank, the less functional the red blood cells are."
Read more: Young blood reverses effects of aging when put into older mice.
EMBED >More News Videos Police: NJ mom left special needs son, 10, in woods. Rick Williams reports during Action News at Noon on August 8, 2017,
A woman has been arrested for allegedly abandoning their 10-year-old special needs son in the woods, the New Jersey State Police say.Debra Wisler, 39, of Millville Township, was arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child.She was released and charged pending a court date.Action News went to Wisler's home in Millville on Tuesday afternoon, hoping to get their side of the story. But they stopped us before we even set foot on their property."I don't want my business all out there. Just please leave the property. I'm asking you nicely," Wisler told Action News from their porch.According to police, a passing motorist discovered the child on Thursday in a wooded area near the visitor's center at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, more than 70 miles from the family home.The boy was given food and water and checked out by military first responders. They were found to have just minor, non-life-threatening injuries.The child told police their mother walked them into the woods with their luggage and left them there. They then said they fell asleep and woke up hungry, police say.He gave officials their mother's name, and they contacted Wisler.According to state police, detectives determined that Wisler abandoned their son when they discovered they were not eligible for a child program at Joint Base McGuire-Dix.Barbara Todd, who says they were the boy's teacher's aide in kindergarten and first grade, is floored by the accusation."I was just so shocked because their mom adores him. They were their life and I just can't believe it. I can't believe they would do that," Todd said.People who live nearby also say they cannot come to grips with what the suspect is accused of doing.Division of Child Protection and Permanency was contacted and they were able to locate a temporary home for the boy, police say.
The Chicago Teachers Union said Tuesday that the school district is asking teachers to take a 7 percent pay cut in their next contract, an offer that portends tough negotiations in the weeks to come.
The union did not specify how the proposed pay cut would be implemented and the district did not respond to questions. CTU officials in a news release accused the district of deliberately undermining its finances and said the pay cut proposal appears to be retaliation for union opposition to Mayor Rahm Emanuel's re-election.
"With rising housing, health care and food costs, we can't afford such a big hit in our paychecks," CTU Vice President Jesse Sharkey said. "On top of that they expect us to pay more for health insurance and work longer hours in classrooms that are overcrowded and with fewer resources. That will not happen."
Last week, CPS cited its financial troubles in deciding not to offer a one-year extension on the current contract, which expires June 30. The extension would have required a minimum 3 percent pay boost, which CPS said it couldn't afford at a projected cost of $105 million.
CTU President Karen Lewis said Tuesday that teachers should not bear the burden of the district's efforts to get its finances straightened out.
"Once again, the board has created a fiscal crisis in order to justify its continued attack on our classrooms and communities. CPS is broke on purpose," Lewis said in a statement. "By citing its so-called $1.5 billion deficit, the mayor is proposing a reduction in teaching staff which will result in larger class sizes and the loss of teaching positions."
The Chicago Teachers Union released a statement claiming they are insulted by the most recent offer provided by the Chicago Board of Education on May 4, 2015. (WGN TV) The Chicago Teachers Union released a statement claiming they are insulted by the most recent offer provided by the Chicago Board of Education on May 4, 2015. (WGN TV) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Lewis said the board has rejected many of the union's proposals.
"How do you reject having librarians do their job as opposed to serving as subs most of the day? How do you reject proposals to strengthen special education instruction or strengthen the implementation of restorative justice programs to reduce conflict in our schools?" Lewis said.
"This makes no sense — they are penny-wise and pound-foolish."
CPS issued a statement late Tuesday that did not address the proposed pay cut but said the "financial crises" facing CPS are real.
"We face a budget deficit that exceeds $1.1 billion, while Illinois is second to last in education funding, and Chicago teachers and taxpayers are being shortchanged because of a broken pension system that forces Chicago residents to pay twice for teacher pensions," district spokesperson Bill McCaffrey said.
Contract talks this year were slowed by the runoff election between Emanuel and Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, Lewis' hand-picked candidate. The CTU used the election to air contract demands that included limits on class sizes, increases in teacher preparation time, a reduction of paperwork mandates and additional school counselors and nurses.
The union's current contract was reached after a seven-day strike in 2012. Those negotiations were carried out amid Emanuel's efforts to extend the length of the school day. The CTU opened negotiations by requesting raises amounting to 30 percent over two school years.
The final contract gave teachers base salary raises of 3 percent in its first year and 2 percent in each of the following two years.
The union's House of Delegates is scheduled to meet Wednesday.
jjperez@tribune.com
Twitter @PerezJr
iPhones will be the star of the show at Apple's big Sept. 12 event. But two other major product refreshes are also rumored to be unveiled: A third-generation Apple Watch and -- our focus here -- a new Apple TV box.
The current version of the Apple TV was launched back in September 2015, alongside the iPhone 6S. Since then, plenty of top-tier content partners have added apps. And Apple's software updates have delivered new features such as single sign-on and a universal TV app.
But sales of the box, the base model of which retails for $149, £139 or AU$239, have lagged behind major streaming competitors, including market leader Roku. And with Apple simultaneously investing up to $1 billion in original content, we expect Apple will want to give its video platform a shot in the arm.
With that in mind, here's what we expect to be announced in Cupertino on Tuesday.
Now playing: Watch this: Everything you can expect at Apple's iPhone Event
What we expect
New hardware with 4K and HDR support: Expect an upgraded Apple TV box that finally adds compatibility with 4K and HDR video. That means the new box will deliver the best 3,820x2,160-pixel resolution and -- more importantly -- the improved color palettes and contrast ratios of high dynamic range (HDR) video when connected to compatible TVs.
4K and HDR content: Of course, being able to deliver that improved video is worthless without compatible content. Expect Apple to highlight the availability of 4K and HDR-enabled iTunes videos (assuming the company has smoothed over pricing disagreements with Hollywood studios). Third-party apps such as the recently added Vudu service may also add 4K and HDR compatibility, bringing their Apple TV features up to parity with their apps on Roku and other streaming platforms.
Amazon Video app: As confirmed by CEO Tim Cook back in June, Apple TV will finally get an Amazon Prime Video app. In addition to adding another provider with a strong catalog of original 4K and HDR content, the overdue inclusion of Amazon plugs the biggest remaining hole in Apple TV's app lineup.
Chris Monroe/CNET
Other stuff we might see
Remote redesign: The current Apple TV remote has a lot of haters for two reasons. Its touch panel is ultrasensitive, so a mere brush of the finger can fire up your Apple TV unintentionally, switching it away from anything else you might be watching. The remote's symmetrical design compounds the problem as users always seem to end up holding it upside-down. Both issues seem relatively easy to fix with small design tweaks.
More single sign-on partners: In 2016, Apple TV added a nifty single sign-on feature. It meant that your TV subscription service username and password (cable, satellite or streaming) would automatically be passed on to the many so-called TV Everywhere apps. This meant you shouldn't have to tediously enter that information each time you installed apps for individual channels such as HBO, TBS, ESPN or Bravo. The problem? Some of the country's biggest cable TV providers -- most notably Comcast and Spectrum, also known as Charter and Time Warner Cable -- weren't on the list. Dish, DirecTV, PlayStation Vue, Sling TV and many regional providers, however, are. Securing those two big holdouts would make Apple TV a much more convenient cable box replacement for tens of millions of households. Screenshot by David Katzmaier/CNET
Better TV app and universal search: In 2016, Apple TV's big software add was the TV app. It was designed as a one-stop shop for accessing TV shows regardless of their source. For instance, "The Walking Dead" page will let you access that show's episodes from iTunes, Netflix or the AMC app. Depending on your subscriptions -- if you have Netflix or if you get AMC through your TV provider -- that means you could watch some or all of the episodes at no additional charge. Pretty cool, but will Apple fold archrival Amazon into that mix? We're guessing no. Compare that to Roku, which lets you access that show via Netflix, Amazon, Vudu and Fandango Now (though the latter three, like iTunes, require you to pay per episode or per season).
Price drop? With a starting price of $149, Apple TV costs many times more than competitors from Roku, Google and Amazon, which start at $30, $35 and $40, respectively. Step-up models with 4K and HDR generally start at costs between $70 and $100. Assuming the new Apple TV hits at the same price as the 2015 model, it would be a perfect opportunity to keep the "old" non-4K model on the market at a reduced price of, say, $99. Still, that's north of those competing products, and more than Apple was selling the pre-2015 model between March 2015 and October 2016, when it was discounted to $69.
HomePod integration: Apple's smart speaker, the HomePod, has already been announced for a December release. Showing off some additional AirPod tie-ins to Apple TV seem like a no-brainer. The obvious ones: Siri voice control of Apple TV without the need for the button push on the streaming box's remote, and stereo or surround sound for videos being played on Apple TV.
James Martin/CNET
"Real" gaming support: OK, this is a long shot, but hear me out. Apple TV already has a lot of games, and it supports console-style Bluetooth gamepads such as the Steel Series Nimbus. But with the new Apple TV presumably jumping from an A8 chip to something more like an iPhone 7-level A10, where are the more console-worthy games? Existing titles include Minecraft, Oceanhorn and Transistor. Those are fine, but there's no reason that older Grand Theft Auto games (already on iPhone and iPad) or maybe even something like Half-Life (on rival Nvidia Shield) couldn't run on Apple TV. Throw in improved "pause on Apple TV, resume on iPhone or iPad" support, and you've got a nice Nintendo Switch rival, too.
What we don't expect (for now)
A real TV: Apple would need a manufacturing partner to get 55- to 65-inch display panels, which would probably mean supply chain leaks in Asia -- and we've heard none. I also don't think Apple wants to deal with the logistical problems of moving these giant boxes in and out of their pristine retail stores. But I'd love to be wrong on this one.
An Apple cord-cutting service: The attraction of a one-stop service for live and on-demand TV is attractive to Apple fans who'd like a TV service to live alongside Apple Music. But, to date, Apple apparently hasn't been able to get content providers (including Disney, NBC Universal, Fox and CNET owner CBS) to sign on to a package at the price point that Apple wants to offer. Besides, if such a deal were in the works, that too would be ripe for leaks. And now that Apple TV already offers Sling TV, Hulu, DirecTV Now, Fubo and PlayStation Vue, customers who want cord-cutting alternatives to cable TV are well-served. It all means that an Apple service seems less critical than it was considered three to five years ago.
All questions will be answered on Tuesday
Of course, this speculation all becomes irrelevant by Tuesday afternoon. CNET will be covering the Apple event live, starting at 9 a.m. PT (noon ET, 5 p.m. UK, 2 a.m. AEST).
Apple Sept. 12 iPhone event live coverage: Follow CNET's liveblog in real-time.
iPhone X, iPhone 8: Everything we know about Apple's new iPhones.
Bitcoin Press Release: DNotes is pleased to announce the launch of the world's first Digital Currency Employee Incentive Benefits Plan – the latest in a family of unprecedented digital currency financial instruments from the DNotes team.
Chicago, Illinois. [May 25, 2015] – DNotes announces the release of their Employee Incentive Benefits Plan, the latest addition to their family of CRISPs (Cryptocurrency Investment Savings Plans) that already provides an investment vehicle for Children, Students, and Retirement funds. The Employee Incentive Benefits Plan combines knowledge of the employer/employee relationship with macro-economic foresight to maximize its users' long-term potential benefit.
Employee benefits play an important role in the lives of employees as well as their families. Benefits offered by an employer can be a deciding factor for a potential employee's job decision. The cost of doing business is ever increasing, and with it, employee savings requirements. The traditional idea that pension plans will take care of an employee's financial needs upon retirement is quickly becoming obsolete. The relationship between employers and employees needs urgent re-examination, and a new mindset of partnership for mutual benefit and survival is necessary.
“Employees are struggling to secure their financial future. This means high stress, increased anxiety, lower productivity, and diminishing loyalty that breeds high staff turnover. High interest credit cards are being used to supplement cash flow. Furthermore, these fraud-prone cards have high transaction costs and shockingly high chargebacks that are paid for by the merchant, anywhere up to 8%, thus impeding business, jobs, and wage growth. I see Digital Currency adoption as a solution to high transaction costs for merchants, and inflated prices for essential consumer goods,” said DNotes Co-founder Alan Yong.
Self-Employment Trending Down
Yong, a pioneer from the early days of mobile computing, pointed out that while small businesses continue to be the main incubator of job creation in the US economy, the U.S Bureau of Labor Statistics data showed that entrepreneurship is in steady decline, with both incorporated and unincorporated self-employment dropping nearly ten percent since 2004. Small business numbers have not recovered in line with economic growth since the 2008 Global Financial Crisis. Yong attributes this in part to small business owners having difficulty meeting costly payroll, healthcare obligations, mounting regulations, and funding their own retirement accounts.
Why is CRISP for Employee Incentive Benefits Plan the Solution? And What are DNotes?
CRISP for Employee Incentive Benefits will facilitate the distribution of digital currency called DNotes – a cryptographically secure digital currency which is the most reliably appreciating and stable currency in its class. DNotes has increased against the US dollar more than 30-fold since its inception in February 2014 and centers its business strategy on creating a stable trustworthy digital currency from the ground up for everyone, whether they are rich or poor. DNotes promotes trust and integrity for the long-term mutual benefit of all as it continues to work towards further capital appreciation. As DNotes positions itself to be the predominant digital currency used for global payments, with instantly cleared payments at near zero transaction costs, multiple strategic plans are systematically executed to ensure that DNotes becomes the foremost digital currency to supplement fiat currency worldwide.
How Will the Program Work?
Director of CRISP for Employee Incentive Benefits, Marc Fortenberry, said that employers will register for the program by completing a simple online form at https://dnotesvault.com/crisp-for-employees.php. Each employer will have a main dashboard which will include a company specific link for their employees to sign up. The employer dashboard will also have a table that shows employee details to facilitate instant balance transfers into their accounts. The employer will then be able to send DNotes to reward their staff as they see fit. Every approved employer registration will receive 1,000 DNotes to get them started.
Employees need to have a DNotesVault account, and sign up with the link given to their employer, which requires only the employee's e-mail used to register at DNotesVault. When submitted, a new address is created in the employee's DNotesVault account that is identified with their company name.
About Alan Yong:
DNotes Co-Founder Alan Yong is a well regarded visionary since the early days of personal computers. They founded Dauphin Technology in 1989 and is best known for creating the Dauphin DTR, the most powerful window-based miniature computer that competed head on with Apple's Newton computer that became the Apple Iphone as we know it today. In 2007, Yong co-founded Smokeys Daylily Gardens, one of the largest daylily growers in the world. Smokeys Daylily Gardens is the first merchant to accept DNotes as payment for daylily purchases. Alan recently shared their thoughts on the disruptive potential of Bitcoin, blockchain technology and DNotes in an interview.
Yong agrees with other industry's visionaries that digital currency and the Blockchain technology will be the greatest technology revolution since the Internet. However, they passionately believe that to gain mass acceptance, the currency must be built from ground up for everyone with trust and integrity. There must be strong leadership and sufficient self-interest from its community to promote and protect the currency's stability for the long-term mutual benefits of all participants.
For more information about us, please visit: https://dnotesvault.com/crisp-for-employees.php
To trade Bitcoin with DNotes please go to: http://poloniex.com/exchange#btc_note
Follow DNotes on Twitter: http://twitter.com/dnotescoin
Media contact:
Name: Alan Yong
Email: [email protected]
Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and accounts and value balances are not subject to FDIC and other consumer protections. This press release is for informational purposes only and should not be taken as investment advice.
About Bitcoin PR Buzz:
Bitcoin PR Buzz has been proudly serving the PR and marketing needs of Bitcoin and digital currency tech start-ups for over 2 years. Get your own professional Bitcoin and digital currency Press Release. Click here for more information.
The baseball team at California Institute of Technology broke a 228-game losing streak Saturday with a 9-7 nonconference victory over Pacifica. The team last won on Feb. 15, 2003.
Caltech, based in Pasadena and playing most of its sports in the N.C.A.A.'s Division III, is no stranger to long losing streaks. Its men's basketball team ended a 26-year, 310-game conference losing streak in 2011. Its women's volleyball team ended a 56-match losing streak last fall, but is 0-184 all-time in the Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
This season's baseball team, under the first-year coach Matthew Mark, needed only two games to end the nearly decade-old losing streak. After losing the first game of a season-opening doubleheader on Saturday, 5-0, Caltech beat Pacifica behind a complete game by the first-year student pitcher Daniel Chou.
“There was a good sense of composure,” Mark said of the aftermath of the game, played at home before an official attendance of 87. “It was almost as if they had been there before.”
The senior third baseman Mason Freedman had a hit and run batted in, but their role was noteworthy mostly because they were also part of the basketball team two years ago that broke the 310-game conference losing streak.
For the baseball team, a similarly long conference losing streak persists. Caltech has not won a league game since 1988, a losing streak sitting at 463.
Sequoia Hospital fined for mistakenly removing woman's ovaries
Sequoia Hospital in Redwood City mistakenly removing a woman's ovaries in 2016. Sequoia Hospital in Redwood City mistakenly removing a woman's ovaries in 2016. Photo: Liz Mangelsdorf, SFC Photo: Liz Mangelsdorf, SFC Image 1 of / 30 Caption Close Sequoia Hospital fined for mistakenly removing woman's ovaries 1 / 30 Back to Gallery
California health officials have fined Sequoia Hospital in Redwood City $47,450 for mistakenly removing a woman's ovaries in 2016.
The fine against Sequoia, which is owned by the Northern California health system Dignity Health, is one of 17 civil penalties lodged against 14 California hospitals for incidents that caused serious injury or death. The penalties against the hospitals, which total $1.1 million, were announced by the California Department of Public Health on Thursday.
Four of the 14 hospitals, including Sequoia, are in the Bay Area. The other three — which all had fatalities — are California Pacific Medical Center-St. Luke's Campus and Kaiser Foundation Hospital, both in San Francisco and Queen of the Valley Medical Center in Napa.
Doctors at Sequoia were supposed to remove the patient's uterus, fallopian tubes and appendix during a February 2016 surgery, but mistakenly removed their ovaries, according to a report from the California Department of Public Health. It is unclear whether the ovaries were removed in addition to, or instead of, the uterus, fallopian tubes and appendix. The report does not include the patient's name or age.
The procedure was entered incorrectly in the hospital's surgical schedule, the report found, and the woman will need estrogen replacement therapy for life.
"The care and safety of our patients and staff are the highest priority at Dignity Health Sequoia Hospital and we take this matter very seriously," a Dignity Health spokesperson said in an email. "After self-reporting this event to the CDPH, we fully cooperated during their investigation and immediately took steps to ensure this never happens again, including revising protocols and staff re-education."
Kaiser was fined $147,000 for two separate incidents that ended in patient deaths in 2015 and 2016. One involved a patient receiving dialysis whose line disconnected from their catheter, causing massive blood loss and cardiac arrest, the report found. The second involved the mishandling of a patient's tracheostomy, a procedure to unblock the airways. St. Luke's, an affiliate of Sutter Health, was fined $47,450 after a female patient fell in 2015 while under the care of hospital staff, hit their head, underwent brain surgery and died, according to the report.
“We sincerely regret that these incidents occurred and extend our sympathy to the families involved,” said a Kaiser spokesperson. “In response to these incidents, and to ensure such situations never occur again, we immediately investigated their root cause, evaluated our processes and implemented systemic improvements and training for our nurses, physicians, and staff.”
A spokesperson for Sutter said the hospital immediately reported the incident “to the appropriate regulatory agencies and initiated a quality improvement process to ensure it does not happen again.”
Queen of the Valley was fined $225,000 for three incidents in 2013 in which the staff failed to properly monitor patients' symptoms or administered an incorrect treatment. Two patients died and the third is in a vegetative state, according to the report. A spokesperson for the hospital did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Catherine Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: cho@sfchronicle.com Twitter: Cat__Ho
UPDATE: After receiving a number of tips from the public (thanks, folks!), officers tracked down the suspect in Pioneer Square Tuesday evening and arrested them near 2nd and Washington. After taking the man into custody, officers discovered they also had a warrant out of New York. Detectives interviewed the suspect and booked them into King County Jail as a fugitive and for investigation of robbery.
—
Robbery detectives need help identifying a suspect who robbed a blind man over the weekend outside of a downtown bank.
Around 7:30 AM on March 1st, the victim—who is legally blind—was using an ATM at the Bank of America in the 400 block of Pike Street when the suspect grabbed them from behind and demanded money.
After the victim handed over hundreds of dollars he'd just gotten from the ATM, the suspect, for some unexplained reason, gave the victim a cigarette and fled.
A witness helped the victim flag down an officer, who took a report and gave the victim a ride home.
If you recognize the suspect—pictured above with a cigarette hanging out of their mouth—please contact the Robbery Unit at (206) 684-5535.
Are Wages Useful in Forecasting Price Inflation?
Labor costs constitute a substantial share of business expenses, and it is natural to expect wages to be an important determinant of prices. However, research suggests that wages do not contain much useful information for forecasting price inflation that is not available from other indicators. Therefore, one should not infer too much from recent wage data regarding the future path of inflation.
Wages and prices are closely related. Wages are an important part of businesses' costs and are thus tied to their pricing decisions. Similarly, people take the general level of prices into account when figuring out how much pay they deserve for their work. It is intuitive, therefore, that wage data could contain important information about prices and, in particular, might be useful for forecasting price inflation. Indeed, the recent declines in some wage indicators following hints of strengthening earlier in the year have raised questions about what this might mean for future inflation.
In this Letter I summarize what research can tell us about whether or not wage data are, in fact, informative for future price inflation. Overall, the literature suggests that wages do not provide significant additional information beyond what can already be gleaned from other sources, including prices themselves.
Theory
In classical economic theory, the labor market clears at a nominal wage that makes labor supply equal to labor demand. Both supply and demand depend on the face value of wages relative to the overall price level—typically called the “real wage” because it shows how much can be bought with the wage at current prices. The real wage determines the benefit to the worker of working and the real cost to the business of employing that worker.
In the long run, the real wage is determined by factors such as productivity, bargaining power, and the ability of firms to mark up prices over costs. Consequently, prices and nominal wages must adjust relative to each other to be consistent with these fundamentals. Assuming that there are no long-run trends in profit margins or bargaining power—they may vary somewhat but cannot diverge arbitrarily over time—the shares of income going to workers and business owners should be roughly constant. Thus, long-run growth in the real wage can only come from productivity growth increasing the size of the pie to be shared.
Because of this, if nominal wages grow faster than productivity, they must, in the long-run, be associated with price inflation. Otherwise workers would ultimately claim all proceeds of production and business owners would be left with nothing. If wage inflation substantially exceeds productivity growth, then inflation must also be high to be consistent with real wages rising in line with long-run productivity improvements. Consequently, adjusting for productivity growth, there should be a close relationship between prices and wages. Indeed, this is shown in Figure 1, comparing core personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price inflation with changes in unit labor costs, calculated as compensation per hour (wages), divided by output per hour (productivity). Notable in this diagram are the wage-price spirals of the 1970s, when wage growth exceeded slowing productivity growth, causing firms to raise prices to restore profit margins, inducing higher wage demands, and so on.
Figure 1
Unit labor cost and core PCE price inflation Note: Smoothed unit labor cost is a 5-year moving average.
However, while the connection between wages and prices is relatively well understood in the long run, their short- to medium-run relationship is not so simple. Wages and prices may fluctuate relative to each other in response to transitory influences and to restore their long-run relationship. The bargaining power of firms and workers may vary and productivity may change temporarily. Even if there are no long-run trends in these variables, there may be changes in their steady-state relationships that lead to transient but long-lasting adjustments. These phenomena introduce complicated dynamics into the relationship between wages and prices that determine how useful wage data are for forecasting inflation.
Empirical evidence
A great deal of research has explored how informative wage inflation is for price inflation. One approach to this question is to examine whether wage changes tend to precede or follow movements in price inflation. These “lead” and “lag” correlations can show whether fluctuations in wages are systematically related to future fluctuations in prices.
Knotek and Zaman (2014) show that for various wage measures, correlations between wages and price inflation are moderate at all leads and lags and appear to have weakened in recent decades. Indeed, there are hints that price inflation may have come to lead wage inflation in recent times. Similarly, Emery and Chang (1996) and Sbordone (2002) find some evidence that rising prices precede growth in unit labor costs. This is consistent with the idea that businesses can't easily change prices and therefore do so only infrequently so that, when they do, they must account for expected future costs. This implies that prices may capture expected future wage movements.
Nevertheless, lead-lag correlation analysis is a blunt tool since it does not account for how other changes in the economy might complicate the price and wage relationship. Allowing for these other factors can help draw out what information wages contain for future inflation. A more elaborate approach to this question is to examine if wages “Granger-cause” prices. Intuitively, this is a question of whether wages contain useful information about future price inflation that isn't contained in other variables, particularly current and past price inflation.
Hu and Touissant-Comeau (2010) is representative of this approach. They found little evidence that wages Granger-cause prices, especially since the early 1980s. Some evidence suggests that prices Granger-cause wages, though this short-run relationship may have weakened since the early 1980s—see, for example, Emery and Chang (1996), Mehra (2000), and Knotek and Zaman (2014). While occasional isolated results like Ghali (1999) suggest wages Granger-cause prices, the preponderance of the literature suggests minimal additional information encoded in wages.
Granger-causality tests are informative but suffer from the fact that they are based on fitting a model that uses all available data up to the present. It is perhaps more useful to consider a model chosen based only on data available at the time a forecast is made, replicating the experience of a real-world forecaster. Two influential studies by Stock and Watson (1999, 2008) adopt this approach in comparing forecasting models for inflation.
Stock and Watson (1999) examine the performance of Phillips curve-based models that use economic activity measures and lags of inflation to forecast future inflation. For example, their benchmark case uses the unemployment rate to measure activity. While they report that this benchmark can be improved upon, they show that forecasts using wage measures fail to add information beyond that already contained in lags of inflation. Similarly, their 2008 study shows that models using common wage measures may perform even worse than their preferred benchmark without wages. Using somewhat different approaches, Emery and Chang (1996), Hess and Schweitzer (2000), and Knotek and Zaman (2014) similarly find minimal benefits from using wages in forecasting price inflation.
Possible caveats
Of course, even if estimates of the economy's past behavior were reliable, one could imagine that “this time is different” because of some change in the economy. For example, Daly and Hobijn (2014) suggest that low levels of inflation may change the behavior of wages because of downward nominal wage rigidity. When firms want to reduce wage costs, they typically do so without cutting wages in nominal terms. Instead they allow inflation to erode an unchanged or slowly increasing nominal wage. However, Daly and Hobijn argue that in the recent low-inflation environment, this erosion has been so slow that pent-up real wage cuts have restrained wage growth, despite a recovering labor market. This kind of change in wage behavior might conceivably also affect wages' forecasting power for prices.
There is also considerable uncertainty over the steady-state balance between labor and business owners, captured in labor's share of income. This share was once thought fairly stable over time, despite some transitory variation. However, over the past 25 years it appears to have drifted downwards. This secular decline has been attributed to businesses adopting technological advances that undercut labor and also to the influences of globalization, as in Elsby et al. (2013).
The decline in the labor share could mask underlying relationships between wage inflation and price inflation. As noted earlier, the link between the two over the medium term is based on a fairly stable labor share of income. If the changes in this share are not well understood, one might worry that the current relevance of the studies discussed above is limited.
Nevertheless, recent work by Peneva and Rudd (2015) accounts for such structural changes by using techniques that explicitly allow relationships among variables to evolve over time. Their analysis suggests that pass-through from different measures of wage costs to prices has weakened in recent years or remained economically insignificant. This suggests that, even if structural changes have occurred, they may not have changed the essential findings from earlier investigations.
Interpretation
These results do not imply that wages and prices are unrelated. Certainly they are tied together in the long run, and wage data will surely contain some information for future price inflation. However, after incorporating information from prices and activity measures, the marginal additional benefit of using wage data appears small.
What are the implications of this evidence? Figure 2 shows various common ways to measure wage pressure. Some of these measures have weakened in recent months, after hints of strength earlier in the year. Many market participants have watched these series closely, attempting to divine their implications for inflation. Many interpreted the earlier firmness as suggesting an imminent uptick in inflation and, likewise, the recent weakness as suggesting subdued price inflation in the future. However, this discussion suggests that one should not necessarily draw such conclusions. For example, rising wage measures might simply increase labor's share of the fruits of production and squeeze profits without much effect on price inflation.
Figure 2
Wage indexes (percent change from 4 quarters earlier) Note: Common wage measures include employer costs for employee compensation (ECEC), employment cost index (ECI), average hourly earnings (AHE), and unit labor costs (ULC).
Fundamentally, the weak forecasting power of wages for prices suggests that unexpectedly high or low inflation could occur regardless of the recent behavior of wages. Thus, as ever, policymakers must be vigilant to ensure policy is consistent with the targeted inflation rate.
Conclusions
Researchers have extensively studied how wage data might help predict future price inflation. The overall conclusion of the literature is that wages generally provide less valuable insight into future prices than some other indicators. In fact, models that do not incorporate wages often result in superior inflation forecasts.
Rhys Bidder is an economist in the Economic Research Department of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
References
Daly, Mary, and Bart Hobijn. 2014. “Downward Nominal Wage Rigidities Bend the Phillips Curve.” Journal of Money, Credit, and Banking 46(32).
Elsby, Michael, Bart Hobijn, and Aysegül Sahin. 2013. “The Decline of the U.S. Labor Share.” Brookings Papers on Economic Activity (Fall).
Emery, Kenneth, and Chih-Ping Chang. 1996. “Do Wages Help Predict Inflation?” FRB Dallas Economic Review, First Quarter.
Ghali, Khalifa. 1999. “Wage Growth and the Inflation Process: A Multivariate Cointegration Analysis.” Journal of Money, Credit, and Banking 31(3, part 1, August).
Hess, Gregory, and Mark Schweitzer. 2000. “Does Wage Inflation Cause Price Inflation?” FRB Cleveland Policy Discussion Paper 1.
Hu, Luojia, and Maude Toussaint-Comeau. 2010. “Do Labor Market Activities Help Predict Inflation?” FRB Chicago Economic Perspectives Q2, pp. 52–63.
Knotek, Edward, and Saeed Zaman. 2014. “On the Relationship between Wages, Prices and Economic Activity.” FRB Cleveland Economic Commentary 2014-14.
Mehra, Yash. 2000. “Wage-Price Dynamics: Are They Consistent with Cost Push?” FRB Richmond Economic Quarterly 86(3, Summer).
Peneva, Ekaterina, and Jeremy Rudd. “The Passthrough of Labor Costs to Price Inflation.” Federal Reserve Board, Finance and Economics Discussion Series Paper 2015-042.
Sbordone, Argia. 2002. “Prices and Unit Labor Costs: A New Test of Price Stickiness.” Journal of Monetary Economics 49.
Stock, James, and Mark Watson. 1999. “Forecasting Inflation.” Journal of Monetary Economics 44.
Stock, James, and Mark Watson. 2008. “Phillips Curve Inflation Forecasts.” NBER Working Paper 14322.
A new term for larger women has appeared in Japanese, thanks to the plus-size women's magazine, la farfa.
The magazine recently introduced one of its models, Goto Seina, as a “marshmallow girl”.
But the word has created an online controversy among netizens; while some feel it is a positive term for those who are not as small as the average Japanese woman, others feel that it is just confusing the issue, and that such women just need to lose weight.
What do you think? Is “marshmallow girl” a more user-friendly term for the larger women among us?
From Livedoor News:
The Pros and Cons of “Marshmallow Girl”
In a nutshell:
The term “Marshmallow Girl”, which means a plump woman, is trending online.
Differing opinions; “They're confusing it with ‘fatty'”, “It's a good thing that they can enjoy fashion”
Model who is considered a “marshmallow girl” takes it as positive.
Pros And Cons Of “Marshmallow girl”, Models Themselves Are Positive… “I'm So Happy About It”
la farfa VOL.4
The term “marshmallow girl” to refer to women who have a “chubby” body-type is causing controversy online, but on December 11, a model introduced in a magazine as as marshmallow girl, Goto Seina, spoke positively of the term on their blog, saying, “It's something that makes me really happy”.
In the November 20 edition of the fashion magazine la farfa VOL. 4 (published by Bunka-sha), which is aimed at plus size women, they called women with good bodies “marshmallow girls”. Online, this roused a controversy, with some saying “They're confusing it with ‘fatty'” and “It's a good thing that they can be happy and accept themselves, and enjoy fashion”.
Goto Seina, who is actually introduced in the pages of the magazine as a marshmallow girl, is positive: “Of course there will be different opinions — people who say ‘you're a pig' or ‘you're a fatty', but for me, [marshmallow girl] makes me really happy”. Goto also said that they would be happy if the term “marshmallow girl” would spread, and she's happy if they or the magazine help people to know about it. “The thing is, the “Marshmallow man” or “Bibendum” are exactly like me! (^-^) They're distant cousins, for sure!” they joked cheerfully.
The la farfa editorial blog was also updated on December 11. Although there were some nasty comments about marshmallow girls, Goto says they took no notice and just laughed.
Besides, it seems that Goto has been booked for TV appearances just by marshmallow girl becoming a hot topic. Can marshmallow girls spread their wings in the entertainment world without giving in to bashing?
Comments from 2ch.net:
名無しさん＠１３周年:
Just call them fatty.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
How about just calling them “pizza girls”?
名無しさん＠１３周年:
Fine to just say “Michelin Man”.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
Marshmallow man is OK.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
A beautiful girl → marshmallow girl
Fugly girl → fatty.
That's how it should be.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
Sumo girl.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
Nah, they ain't light like marshmallows, this gives the wrong impression, don't like it.
Make it “paperweight girl”.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
Yeah, they're not like marshmallows at all — not light or soft w.
I think that “drum-barrel girl” is most suitable.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
I'll accept them as marshmallow girls if they have beautiful skin and they're not sweaty.
If they're breaking into a greasy sweat and they have spots, then I shall certainly not accept this term.
名無しさん＠１３周年:
A gentleman's kindness is in calling a fatty, to give them the motivation to change things.
Comments from Livedoor News:
okataka100:
There's nothing wrong with calling someone who's plump a fatty in the first place…I mean, shouldn't you make them realise that they are fatties and make them understand clearly why that's awful? It's Ok for the female celebrities who are making a buck off it.
k1wx:
Come on, we're just talking about the pointless conclusions of some magazine. I've never seen anyone use “roll cabbage” and all that stuff in a normal conversation. People will be sick of it soon.
dark_blue_07:
I don't really know what sort of consumer desire they're trying to titillate by calling middle-aged women in their 30s and 40s “girls” and calling fatties “marshmallows”. It's up to them if they want to encourage idiotic consumers, but in real society these nutcases who really do think they are these things are a pain in the ass.
fbmotion:
Reminds me, in a certain film a marshmallow ghost called “Marshmallow man” appeared. I reckon they really looks like him…Marshmallow girl.
hamayan:
A fatty is a fatty.
zcn:
Pros and cons is a word to be used when there are about the same number of opinions that agree and disagree, I think.
ssbulonjyo:
♪ Ghostbusters!♪
uno223:
Give this a rest, there'll be confused fatties all over the place calling themselves marshmallow girls.
iwata_iwao:
While the whole Quentin Miller, Drake, and Meek Mill situation has died down as of late, Miller recently did an interview with DJ Vlad where they claimed that Meek and their crew beat them up at a Nike store in Los Angeles. In the interview, Miller initially watched a clip of Taxstone talking about the incident and then confirmed that it did indeed happen, though they wouldn't go into details about why it went down. "This was my first time really talking with Meek and basically they told me that they didn't appreciate the letter that I dropped and it made it seem like they were a liar," Quentin said. "And they fucking stole off on me in the Nike store and ran. I shed blood in the Nike store."
xodWxjMjE6Hux6LM1gJjQUiETaDj8H6M
The letter that Quentin mentioned was the one where they wrote that they were not or ever a ghostwriter for Drake, which came out shortly after Meek made the initial claims. Interestingly enough, in Taxstone's interview, they said that Meek and their crew were mad at Quentin for not writing for them, but they wouldn't go into details about it. Quentin said that none of the injuries caused them to go to the hospital, but that they were just bleeding from the lip. Meek, who doesn't really tweet anymore, may have responded with the Instagram below. We've reached out to reps for Meek for a comment on this and will continue to update as more details come out.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Parametric polymorphism is a basic mechanism in ML for writing code that is generic, i.e., that can be used on multiple different types. To get the basic idea of how what parametric polymorphism is, think about the following simple example.
module M : sig (* Takes a list and returns a stuttered version, e.g., [1;2;3] is mapped to [1;1;2;2;3;3] *) val double : ' a list -> ' a list end = struct let rec double = function | [] -> [] | hd :: tl -> hd :: hd :: double tl end
In the type signature for double , the expression 'a is a type variable, meaning that this function can be used with an arbitrary type plugged in for 'a . The reason that the type variable shows up is that the code of double doesn't depend in any way on the properties of the elements of the list. At first glance, parametric polymorphism doesn't seem all that powerful. After all, how useful is it to write functions that can only be generalized over all possible types? More often than not you want to write functions that can be used over some narrow universe of types with particular properties. Object oriented languages provide this functionality with subtyping, and Haskell lets you get at this with type-classes. What do you do in ML?
It turns out that ML does allow you to write functions like this in a quite straightforward and ordinary way. A simple example can be found be examining the signature of a standard sort function:
val sort : cmp : ( ' a -> ' a -> int ) -> ' a list -> ' a list
The signature above can be used on a value of any type, provided that you can also provide a comparison function for that type. In other words, a polymorphic function can take advantage of the idiosyncratic capabilities of the types it deals with, but the ability to take advantage of those capabilities must be passed in along with the values in question.
This is used in small ways throughout any non-trivial ML codebase. But we can use this in a more structured way by creating what are sometimes called type-indexed values. A type-indexed value is a value used to represent a set of capabilities associated with a type. Here's an example of a simple type-indexed value for capturing number-ness. In what follows, the type-indexed value is Num.Type.t , and the rest of the Num module is just utility functions to make the interface pretty.
module Num : sig module Type : sig type ' a t val int : int t val float : float t end val (+) : ' a Type . t -> ' a -> ' a -> ' a val (-) : ' a Type . t -> ' a -> ' a -> ' a val ( * ) : ' a Type . t -> ' a -> ' a -> ' a val neg : ' a Type . t -> ' a -> ' a val zero : ' a Type . t -> ' a val sum : ' a Type . t -> ' a list -> ' a val sum_product ' a Type . t -> ' a list -> ' a list -> ' a end = struct module Type = struct module T = struct type ' a t = { plus : ' a -> ' a -> ' a ; mul : ' a -> ' a -> ' a ; neg : ' a -> ' a ; zero : ' a ; } end open T let int = { plus = Int . (+); neg = Int . (-); zero = Int . zero ; mul = Int . mul ; } let float = { plus = Float . (+); neg = Float . (-); zero = Float . zero ; mul = Float . mul ; } end open Type . T let (+) typ x y = typ . plus x y let neg typ x = typ . neg x let zero typ = typ . zero let ( * ) typ x y = typ . mul x y (* Some derived operations *) let (-) typ x y = typ . plus x ( typ . neg y ) let sum typ l = List . fold_left ~ init : typ . zero ~ f : typ . plus l let sum_product typ l1 l2 = sum typ ( List . map2 ~ f : typ . mul l1 l2 ) end
You'll note that the definition above of Type.int and Type.float are basically boilerplate. Because the modules in question themselves have a fairly standardized interface, we could instead use a functor to create these type-indexed values without the boilerplate:
module type Arith = sig type t val (+) : t -> t -> t val neg : t -> t val zero : t end module Build_type ( M : Arith ) = struct let typ x = { Type . plus = M . (+); neg = M . (-); zero = M . zero ; } end let int = let module Z = Build_type ( Int ) in Z . typ let int64 = let module Z = Build_type ( Int64 ) in Z . typ let int32 = let module Z = Build_type ( Int32 ) in Z . typ let native = let module Z = Build_type ( Native_int ) in Z . typ let float = let module Z = Build_type ( Float ) in Z . typ let complex = let module Z = Build_type ( Complex ) in Z . typ
This is yet another advantage one gets from having standardized interfaces.
If type indexed-values look similar to Haskell's type-classes, it's because they are. In my limited understanding of Haskell, the implementation is similar as well, in that under the cover, Haskell passes around dictionaries of functions which play the same role that the Type.t s play here.
The number typeclass described above is just an example, and not something I've felt the need for in practice. But here are some places where we've used type-indexed values to good effect:
Serialization
The latest (unreleased) version of the bin_prot macros that we use for binary serialization and deserialization now come with a type-indexed value that ties together all the little bits that you need to use the library. Before we did that, one could only instantiate useful bin-prot functionality using the module language. Now, we can do it using ordinary polymorphic functions.
Little languages
Sometimes we design domain-specific languages embedded in the type system. It is often useful to have values representing the different types that can be generated in the language. For example, we use this as part of a set of SQL bindings to represent types that we know how to convert to and from SQL.
Containers
We've started experimenting with type-indexed values representing the container-hood of a given object. This is a little trickier than the previous examples, since the type-indexed value has two type parameters, one for the type of the container, and one for the type of the elements of the container. In the end, this let's you write functions with signatures like
max : ( ' a , ' b ) Container . t -> cmp :( ' a -> ' a -> int ) -> ' b -> ' a
and use it to find the maximum element of a list (where the type-indexed value has type ('a, 'a list) Container.t ) or an array ( ('a, 'a array) Container.t ) or a string ( (char,string) Container.t ).
Type-indexed values obviously have their downsides: they can be somewhat inconvenient syntactically, since you need to explicitly pass them along; and they sacrifice some performance because it leads you to call closures where you could otherwise call static functions that could be inlined instead. But overall, they are a flexible and elegant way of writing generic code in ML.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hundreds of thousands of people are being evacuated to shelters
Bangladeshi authorities are trying to evacuate up to a million people before a powerful cyclone makes landfall.
Cyclone Mora is likely to hit the eastern coast early on Tuesday, the meteorological department said.
Port cities in the south-east have been asked to display the highest warning system known as "great danger level 10". Ports further west are on level 8.
The cyclone formed after heavy rains in Sri Lanka caused floods and landslides that killed at least 180 people.
The worst flooding in 14 years on the island has affected the lives of more than half a million people. More than 100 people remain missing.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Shops were packed up at the beach in Patenga, in Chittagong
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Flooding in Sri Lanka displaced more than half a million people
In Bangladesh, people in Chittagong district have been flocking to nearly 500 cyclone shelters as warnings were announced on loudspeakers.
Schools and government offices are being used to shelter people, and residents of hilly areas are also being urged to evacuate.
Bangladesh profile
Flood-hit Sri Lankans fear more rain
Low-lying areas of Cox's Bazar, Chittagong and many other coastal districts are "likely to be inundated" by a storm surge of 1.2m-1.5m (4-5 feet) above normal levels, the meteorological department warned.
"We are targeting zero casualties and we will try our best to evacuate more than a million before the landfall," disaster management authority spokesperson Abul Hashim told the AFP news agency.
They said nearly 300,000 people had already been moved to cyclone shelters.
Though Bangladesh is used to cyclones, many people don't live in dwellings sturdy enough to withstand bad weather, the BBC's South Asia editor Charles Haviland says.
Their lives, and the crops on which so many of them depend, are constantly at risk when cyclones hit.
Fishing boat and trawlers have been advised to remain in port, and coastal ferries have suspended operations
Bangladesh is yet to fully recover from flash floods in the north-east of the country in April that destroyed rice crops and pushed rice prices to record highs.
Heavy rains are also expected in parts of north-eastern India due to Cyclone Mora.
Small Fey Folk
Standing barely a foot tall, Pixies resemble diminutive elves with gossamer wings like those of dragonflies or butterflies, bright as the clear dawn and as luminious as the full moonrise. Some Pixie's array themselves like princes and princesses of the Fey, wearing flowing gowns and doublets of silk that sparkle like moonlight on a pond. Some dress in acorns, leaves, bark, and the pelts of tiny woodland beasts.
Curious Observers
Curious as cats and shy as deer, Pixies go where they please. They like to spy on other creatures and can barely contain their excitement around them. The urge to introduce themselves and stroke up a friendship is almost overwhelming; only a Pixie's fear of being captured or attacked stays its hand. Those that wander through a Pixie's glade might never see the creature, yet hear the occasional giggle, gasp, or sigh.
Natural Explorers
The curious nature of Pixies does sometimes result in them leaving the Fey Realm. Delighted to find something so new, they often wonder for months exploring the strange lands and meeting new creatures. So absorbed are they, that they often forget to make note of how they left the Fey Realm, and will then spend years trying to find their way back home.
Pixie Dust All Pixies have the knowledge to create Pixie dust; a strange golden glowing sand that can make creatures fly, confuse enemies, and make people disappear from sight. The recipe is as follows:
1 purple dragon flower from the Fey Realm, tempered at a moderate heat in a brass bowl for 4 days at the end of a new moon
from the Fey Realm, tempered at a moderate heat in a brass bowl for 4 days at the end of a new moon A single Green Hag's Ear, ground into a fine powder and mixed with the blood of a Displacer Beast, added to the potion on the fifth day after a full moon.
ground into a fine powder and mixed with the added to the potion on the fifth day after a full moon. The tears of a holy man in grief, added immediately.
added immediately. 4 Unicorn hairs, given willingly. The entire potion then needs to be transferred to a cauldron of pewter and allowed to drink in sunlight for 6 days.
The entire potion then needs to be transferred to a cauldron of pewter and allowed to drink in sunlight for 6 days. 1 Dragon Egg of any colour, cracked into the soup. Maintain a high heat for 7 days. The potion then needs to be kept on a low heat and exposed to moonlight until it evaporates and becomes a fine powder. The entire process takes 2 months and results in 1d10+4 pinches of Pixie Dust. One pinch of dust can subsitute for the material components of any enchantment spell of 3ed level or lower. If a pinch of Pixie Dust is sprinkled on a creature , roll a percentile dice and consult the Pixie Dust table below to determine the effect.
D100 Magical Effect 01-70 The creature sprinkled with dust gains a flying speed of 60 feet for 10 minutes. 71-80 The creature sprinked with dust must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or fall unconscious for 1 minute. The creature awakens if it takes damage orif it is shaken or slapped as an action. 81-90 The creature sprinkled with dust must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be affected with a confusion spell. 90-00 The creature sprinkled with dust becomes invisible for 1 hour. Any equipment it is wearing or carrying is invisible as long as it is on the creatures person. The effect on the creature ends if it attacks, deals any damage, or casts a spell.
In the moments after Panglas junior school was engulfed in a black avalanche of slurry, coal waste and tailings, the abiding memory of those first at the scene was of the silence.
Aberfan: a reporter's letter home reveals the true horror of the tragedy Read more
Exactly half a century on, the village of Aberfan, and communities the length and breadth of Wales, once more fell silent as thoughts turned to the 144 people – 116 of them children – who died on 21 October 1966.
A cemetery on the hillside above Aberfan, where the children's bright white headstones stood out in the bright autumn sunshine, and a beautifully manicured memorial garden designed to echo the footprint of the lost school, were the public focal point of the commemorations.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The sun rises over the valley as people arrive for a memorial service at Aberfan cemetery. Photograph: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
Prince Charles and government ministers were among the dignitaries paying their respects. But it was the survivors, the still-grieving families, and the rescuers – one of whom brought a clock recovered from the debris, forever frozen at the time the disaster hit – who were centred stage.
People such as Gerald Kirwaun, who as an eight-year-old was pulled out of the rubble of Pantglas, which means green hollow. They recalled walking to school via the canal bank that day, cheerful at the thought of the half-term holiday just hours away.
Rupert Evelyn (@rupertevelyn) It stopped at precisely 9:13. This clock was recovered by one of the rescuers #Aberfan pic.twitter.com/hV3OvETjC8
After singing All Things Bright and Beautiful in assembly, the class was settling down to their final lessons before half term. Kirwaun's usual classroom neighbour was off school, so another friend slipped into the desk next to him. Then came the roaring sound.
“It was like a jet airplane coming,” said Kirwaun. “And then I must have been knocked out or something. When I woke I hadn't a clue what had happened. I thought maybe it was an earthquake.” They asked their friend if they were OK. “His head was on my shoulder and they had blood coming from their mouth.” The friend did not make it. Had they not moved desk they may have done.
Kirwaun went to work as a mining engineer – coal was still king here back then – and had spoken little of their memories until now. “But I think the 50th anniversary is a good time to talk. We must make sure future generations will remember.”
Susan Robertson, who was carried out of the rubble by a police officer – an image that was beamed around the globe – laid a wreath at the cemetery with their 10-year-old grandson Mackenzie.
“It felt so right that they should come with me to the cemetery to lay a wreath because no-one should ever forget what happened that day,” they said. “I'm overwhelmed at the way Mackenzie has taken such an interest in what happened and so proud of him.”
Many still cannot talk about what happened. Some stay at home behind closed curtains when the anniversary comes around; others time their holidays so they are away for the duration.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Aberfan memorial garden. Photograph: Rebecca Naden/Reuters
At first light one middle-aged man man stood silently in a corner of the memorial garden, slipping away before the official programme of events began. Later in the day other men and women quietly placed bouquets on the precise spots where their loved ones had died.
But the consensus seemed to be there was still a story that needed to be told. People had to be reminded how the National Coal Board (NCB) tried to avoid blame for the tragedy and how, disgracefully, the people of Aberfan had to pay £150,000 from the disaster fund to have the remaining tips from around the village removed.
It was fitting that among those at the ceremonies was Iain McLean, an academic whose acute analysis of the papers that emerged under the 30-years rule helped expose the failings of the NCB and led to the £150,000 being paid back.
But there were some absentees on Friday. The prime minister, Theresa May, did not visit. The UK government was represented by the Welsh secretary, Alun Cairns. The Queen is said to regret waiting eight days before they visited Aberfan in 1966. For this anniversary, their son was here in their place.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rescuers at Pantglas school in Aberfan. Photograph: AP
The chatter in the Megabytes cafe on Aberfan Road was of the regret that there had not been more of an effort to promote the minute's silence around the UK. It felt like a Welsh silence rather than a UK-wide one.
Once Charles had gone and the media began packing up, the playground where the press had been corralled was once again the domain of children rather than reporters.
The 50th anniversary ceremonials were over but, of course, they do not draw a line under anything.
Another survivor, Gaynor Madgwick, who lost two siblings in the disaster, said the media interest had made this year's anniversary more intense, visits to the cemetery and memorial garden more charged. But they said: “We were here for the 49th anniversary and will be here for the 51st. I'll be coming here until the day I die.”
Originally, the president was slated as little more than infrequent guest star on the NBC political drama The West Wing; instead, the show would revolve around what happened in all the rooms outside the Oval Office. Good thing creator Aaron Sorkin changed their mind. The West Wing ended up becoming one of the smartest political dramas ever made, thanks in no small part to Martin Sheen as the Nobel Prize-winning, Latin-speaking, arcane trivia-quoting President Bartlet.
Read More Summer Binge-Watching Guides
Breaking Bad
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
It's Always Sunny in PhiladelphiaA Beltway fantasy aimed at Bush-era liberals, the 1999 show was a balm against anti-intellectualism, the story of how the smartest kid in the class became President of the United States and fought back against what they called ".22 caliber mind[s] in a .357 magnum world." For four of its seven seasons, Sorkin scripted the political esprit d'escalier of every frustrated Democrat, positioning Bartlet (Martin Sheen) and company to smack down bigots, opportunists, and religious zealots with cutting dialogue and grandiose speeches. More escapist than realistic, it was unabashedly partisan, yet somehow more concerned with ideas than with political identities—a rare quality indeed in Washington D.C. If that doesn't sound satisfying, well, this may not be the show for you.
The West Wing
Number of Seasons: 7 (156 episodes)
Time Requirements: Three and a half months, if you can knock out 10-11 episodes a week.
Where to Get Your Fix: Netflix, Amazon Instant, iTunes
Best Character to Follow: Although President Bartlet is the obvious star of the series, keep your eye on press secretary C.J. Cregg (Allison Janney); their transformation from untested newcomer to political powerhouse is one of the show's greatest pleasures.
Seasons/Episodes You Can Skip:
Season 3: Episode 0, "Isaac and Ishmael" Filmed in the immediate aftermath of 9/11, this involved the staffers explaining Muslim extremism to a convenient group of schoolkids during a lockdown at the White House. Like a lot of media created after the tragedy, it feels hasty, outdated and forced. Useful only as a historical artifact, and again, a weird one.
Season 4: Episode 12, "The Long Goodbye" The only episode of The West Wing that wasn't written by Sorkin during their tenure, this episode about C.J. returning to their hometown is the first time you feel the unfortunate tonal inconsistency that would pepper the next several years of the show. But if you'd like to prepare yourself for the post-Sorkin experience to come, then hey—give it a shot.
Season 5: Episode 12, "Slow News Day" There are a lot of things wrong with the post-Sorkin era, but this episode is emblematic of at least one of them. In earlier episodes, we saw Bartlet attempt to solve massive problems in quixotic moments of ambition—and run up against complex political realities. Here, we get to see White House communications director Toby (Richard Schiff) fix Social Security in an hour. Slow clap, show. Slow clap.
Seasons 5 to 7 Let's get real: I can sit here and list episode after episode from the post-Sorkin era of the show, but you might be better off skipping them entirely. I think of the later episodes as the Star Trek: Voyager of the series; I wouldn't say that they're good, per se, but there sure are more of them.
Seasons/Episodes You Can't Skip:
Season 1: Episode 15, "Celestial Navigation" One of the earlier formal experiments on The West Wing, this episode plays with non-linear storytelling, using deputy chief of staff Josh Lyman (Bradley Whitford) as unreliable narrator and guest-starring Commander Adama (aka Edward James Olmos) as a Hispanic Supreme Court nominee who gets racially profiled by small town cops. It also features one of its funnier moments as Josh takes over one of C.J.'s press briefings and accidentally invents a secret plan to fight inflation through sheer sarcasm.
Season 1: Episode 19, "Let Bartlet Be Bartlet" There's a complicated reality at the heart of this show that doesn't always get mentioned: despite their powerful oratory (and the halo afforded by their starring status) Bartlet is an often mediocre president. This first season episode acknowledged and skewered the indecisiveness that often plagued them as staffers finally turned their approval-seeking run to middle into something more daring: "If we're gonna walk into walls," says chief of staff Leo McGarry (John Spencer) finally, "I want us running into them at full speed."
Season 1: Episode 21, "Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics" Can an episode that revolves entirely around polling numbers and statistics be interesting? When it's an episode of The West Wing it can.
Season 2: Episodes 1 and 2, "In the Shadow of Two Gunmen" For a series that tends to focus on back-room political mechanics, this two-part story about a shooting tragedy is perhaps its dramatic apex, casting a long, traumatic shadow that follows the characters for the rest of the season.
Season 2: Episode 10, "Noël" The West Wing dealt, often, not just with problems but with consequences, and this episode analyzing the emotional fallout of the shooting deals with the sort psychological complexity that was rare to see on television at the time—save Dr. Melfi on The Sopranos. It's pretty damn good, is what I mean.
Season 2: Episode 22, "Two Cathedrals" The second season finale, "Two Cathedrals" is a high point for The West Wing, as President Bartlet confronts the loss of a loved one and the impending reveal of a painful secret. Their closing speech in the cathedral is perhaps the most impressive monologue of them all from a series (and writer) that loves its monologues.
Season 3: Episode 9, "Bartlet for America" It takes almost four seasons, but we finally get the origin story of the Bartlet presidency, from the first moment the idea was scribbled on a bar napkin to the formation of the Justice League that is the senior staff.
Season 4: Episode 6, "Game On" The fourth season answer to "Let Bartlet Be Bartlet," the central conflict is which man will show up for the presidential debate: Bartlet the showstopping orator or their waffling alter ego, "Uncle Fluffy." If you're a liberal who's ever watched a beloved candidate lose to a conservative, you may find this episode particularly cathartic. Indeed, it is written precisely for you.
Season 4: Episode 23, "Twenty Five" In the final episode of the Sorkin era, Bartlet does arguably the most patriotic thing imaginable during a national crisis, and one that echoes Sorkin himself: They step aside.
Why You Should Binge:
Watching The West Wing more than ten years later, it's easy to see its flaws far more clearly: the smugness, the occasional myopia (not to mention the tendency to make female characters inexperienced audience stand-ins that need situations "explained" to them). But it remains a deeply optimistic and patriotic show, one that imagines the people running the country (and occasionally, even their opponents) as deeply thoughtful individuals motivated by noble values. At a time when partisan politics is even more invidious and confidence in politicians remains painfully low, The West Wing feels even potent, not as a glimpse into the real world of politics, but as the American fantasy we still want to believe in.
Best Scene—Bartlet's Soliloquy in "Two Cathedrals":
There's no single character that defines The West Wing (even Bartlet) but rather the spectacular interplay of the ensemble over time. If you're going to pick a singular moment, however, it's almost certainly going to be one of Sorkin's moments of grandiloquent oratory, and it doesn't get better on that count than Bartlet's thunderous soliloquy in "Two Cathedrals."
The Takeaway:
The biggest fantasy about politics might be the idea of it as a noble pursuit, but who cares: It's still a fantasy worth having.
If You Liked The West Wing You'll Love:
For more of Sorkin's sharp, staccato dialogue, check out Sports Night (I cannot in good conscience recommend The Newsroom). For a more irreverent look at politics, try the fantastically coarse Veep. For a darker, more merciless take, try House of Cards (U.S. or U.K.).
Silent Hill: Revelation is a 2012 supernatural horror film, directed and written by Michael J. Bassett. A sequel to the 2006 film Silent Hill, it stars Adelaide Clemens, Kit Harington, Martin Donovan, Malcolm McDowell and Carrie-Anne Moss, along with Sean Bean, Deborah Kara Unger and Radha Mitchell returning from the previous film. It is based on the survival horror video game Silent Hill 3 by Konami.[6] Revelation's plot follows teenager Heather Mason (Clemens) who, discovering on the eve of their eighteenth birthday that their presumed identity is false, is drawn to an alternate dimension existing in the fictitious American town of Silent Hill.
Bassett had expressed their openness to fans' suggestions of actores for Heather's role. On a total estimated $20 million budget, filming lasted from March to May 2011 in Canada, with the 3D RED Epic camera used for the process; audio mixing took place in France. Revelation was a moderate box office success, grossing over $56 million worldwide,[7][8] but has received negative reviews by film critics and fans alike.[9]
Plot [ edit ]
Heather Mason (Adelaide Clemens) and their adoptive father Christopher (Sean Bean), have spent the past few years moving from town to town and assuming different identities. Heather believes that they are on the run from the police because Christopher killed a man in self-defense and that their adoptive mother Rose (Radha Mitchell) died in a car crash. In fact, they have been protecting them from a cult of Silent Hill, called the Order. Rose was able to free Heather (Sharon) from one of the alternate dimensions using one half of a talisman called the Seal of Metatron, but they themselves remained trapped in Silent Hill.
Heather meets fellow student Vincent Cooper (Kit Harington), but is haunted by hallucinations of Silent Hill.  They are approached by private investigator Douglas Cartland (Martin Donovan) regarding their identity. Heather warns their father, but they are abducted by the Order and taken to Silent Hill. Unaware of this, Heather goes to a mall to wait for him, but enters the mall's Otherworld. Douglas explains they were hired by the Order to find Heather, but decides to help them when they discovered who their clients were. A monster, the Missionary (Liise Keeling), kills Douglas. Heather returns to the real world and flees, unfortunately leaving them a suspect of Douglas' murder.
Vincent escorts their home, but they find a message instructing Heather to go to Silent Hill. On the way to rescue their father, Heather reads a letter from their father detailing the truth of their background and lost memories. Heather and Vincent travel to the town, but stop at a motel, where Vincent reveals that they are the son of the Order's leader Claudia Wolf (Carrie-Anne Moss), and was sent by them to ensure Heather came of their own volition to Silent Hill. They reveal that Heather is a part of Alessa Gillespie (Erin Pitt), a girl whose immolation 38 years ago by the Order lead to creation of the town's shifting dimensions. The resulting argument triggers a shift to the Otherworld. The Missionary grabs Vincent, but not before they tell Heather to find their grandfather Leonard (Malcolm McDowell), who possesses the other half of the Seal of Metatron.
Heather ventures into one of the alternate dimensions to find Leonard. They encounter Alessa's mother Dahlia (Deborah Kara Unger), who reveals that Claudia intends to complete the purpose intended for Alessa at their burning. Heather finds Leonard who, after informing them that the Seal of Metatron will reveal "the true nature of things," fuses Heather's half of the amulet with the one they possess and becomes a monster. After being knocked out and carried off, Heather regains consciousness and grabs the amulet from within their body, killing Leonard. As they run away, they unknowingly summon Pyramid Head (Roberto Campanella), the entity created to protect Alessa (and by extension Heather), and hides from him. Shortly after, they witness Vincent being taken away by the Order after being deemed insane by Claudia for betraying them.
Heather saves Vincent and they go to Lakeside Amusement Park where the Order's sanctuary is hidden. Dark Alessa (Erin Pitt and Adelaide Clemens), the manifestation of Alessa's wrath, confronts Heather who embraces their counterpart, absorbing her, and making Alessa complete once again. Heather confronts Claudia, who is holding Christopher and Vincent hostage. Claudia explains that Alessa's destiny was to be the incubator for a deity worshiped by the Order, who would punish all sinners upon its birth, completing Heather's destiny as well. Remembering Leonard's words, Heather gives Claudia the Seal of Metatron, revealing them to be the Missionary. Heather summons Pyramid Head, who kills the Missionary, allowing Heather to rescue Vincent and Christopher.
As the fog fades from the town, Christopher decides to stay in Silent Hill to find and free Rose, leaving Heather and Vincent to care for each other. They manage to hitch a ride away from the place in a truck driven by Travis Grady (Peter Outerbridge). Travis mentions to Heather (now referring to themselves as Sharon) and Vincent that they were lucky they were there since they had not been driving in that direction for a long time. A couple of police cars, followed by a prisoner transport, enter the area of Silent Hill, which is then consumed by the fog. In a post-credits scene, Pyramid Head is seen walking through an unknown area in Silent Hill.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Development [ edit ]
Following the release of Silent Hill, Christophe Gans, its director, stated that a sequel "is officially ordered and is already well underway." However, they then declined to direct the film, stating they "had other projects in mind."[13] Silent Hill's writer Roger Avary had planned to return to the sequel, before their arrest in 2008 for vehicular manslaughter.[14] Michael J. Bassett replaced Gans and Avary as writer and director.[6]
In 2009, video game artist Masahiro Ito, who participated in the development of multiple installments of the Silent Hill series of video games, was asked to design the creatures and the look of the "Otherworld" dimension featured in the film, but declined the offer because of other obligations.[15] Jeff Danna and Akira Yamaoka composed the film's soundtrack.[1]
Casting [ edit ]
Bassett expressed in their official blog that they were open to fans' suggestions of whom to cast as main protagonist Heather Mason, provided that the actor could provide a realistic portrayal of an eighteen-year-old and that they would be "well known;" having a page on the website IMDb was cited as a requirement.[16] Australian actor Adelaide Clemens was eventually cast in the role. Radha Mitchell, Sean Bean, Deborah Kara Unger, and Roberto Campanella were all contacted to reprise their characters, which they accepted.
Filming and audio mixing [ edit ]
Principal photography began in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on March 7, 2011[17] and wrapped in May 2011,[17][18] with the 3D RED Epic camera used for the process.[19] Street and bridge scenes were shot in Galt from March 21 to March 26,[20] and scenes set at Silent Hill's Lakeside Amusement Park were filmed at the Cherry Beach park on April 7, 2011.[21] The final theatrical mix for the film was completed on February 2, 2012.[22] The film's audio mixing took place in Paris, France, and was handled by a team of six people.[23]
Release [ edit ]
Silent Hill: Revelation had its premier in Hong Kong on 25 October 2012. It was theatrically released in the U.S. through Open Road Films on October 26, 2012.[24] Two clips were screened at San Diego Comic-Con International 2012, and a trailer was issued on July 27, 2012.[25] The film was released direct-to-video in Australia[26] on March 6, 2013.[27]
Reception [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
Silent Hill: Revelation opened at #5 at the box office, taking in a weekend number of $8 million, and grossed a total of $55,975,672 worldwide.[7][8] This made it a moderate box office success from its $20 million budget.
Critical reception [ edit ]
Silent Hill: Revelation was panned by film critics, and currently holds an 8% approval rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 59 critics, with an average rating of 3/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Mediocre effort even by the standards of video game adaptations, Silent Hill: Revelation 3D features weak characters and an incomprehensible plot with a shortage of scares."[9] On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 16 out of 100, based on 14 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike."[28] Dennis Harvey of Variety said that Silent Hill: Revelation 3D is a "cheaper, cheesier sequel that's worse than its predecessor on every level (save being a half-hour shorter) and takes no special advantage of the stereoscopic process."[29]
Possible sequel [ edit ]
Michael J. Bassett stated that if they were to make a sequel, instead of adapting from an existing game, they would prefer to use the stories in the graphic novel adaptations.[30]
Infographic by ABS-CBN Investigative and Research Group
THE global attention might or might not have anything to do with it, but the drug-related killings in the Philippines have been a taking a downward trend just after the world took notice of the rising cases of alleged extra-judicial killings in the Philippines.
ABS-CBN's monitoring of drug-related fatalities since May 10, a day after the elections, noted the decline beginning at the second week of August. Most remarkable drop was at 19 percent between Aug 10 and 16.
Worldwide attention
The decline in the reported deaths came on the heels of an open letter on extrajudicial killings issued on Aug. 2 by the International Drug Policy Consortium (IDPC), a UK-based network that counts 154 NGOs worldwide as members.
ABS-CBN's independent monitoring showed that 1,365 drug-related fatalities had been reported from July 1 to Sept. 6, reaching its peak between July 27 and Aug 2, and between Aug. 3 and Aug. 9, with 157 and 159 weekly reported fatalities, respectively.
The deaths were reported after Project Double Barrel was launched on July 1, a day after Duterte came to power, with the issuance of the Philippine National Police Command Memorandum Circular No. 16.
30 killed in one day
Thirty out of the 822 alleged drug suspects killed in police operations occurred on July 1 alone, the highest number of drug suspects killed in police operations recorded in a day.
Of this number, 822 (60 percent) were killed during police operations, 432 (32 percent) were killed by unidentified assailants, and 111 (8 percent) referring to number of bodies found away from the crime scene.
19-percent drop
As international news reports on the Duterte administration's war on drugs intensified from Aug. 3-22, the weekly death toll began to decrease starting Aug. 10.
It dropped by 19 percent, from 159 fatalities during the week of Aug. 3-9 to 129 fatalities in the week of Aug. 10-16.
In an open letter signed by 375 NGOs from across the globe, the IDPC led the call on the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) and the International Narcotics Control Board to denounce the growing number of extrajudicial killings in the Philippines.
Letter on Duterte
The open letter wanted the UNODC and INCB to call on President Duterte to “end the incitements to kill people suspected of using or dealing drugs, act to fulfill international human rights obligations, promote evidence-based, voluntary treatment and harm reduction services for people who use drugs, and not to reinstate the death penalty for drug offences.”
International news
Subsequently, the IDPC's statement was carried by many well-known news agencies across the globe, among them: Time, CNN International, BBC, Mirror, The Guardian, Agence France-Presse, The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, Daily Mail, National Public Radio, International Business Times, The World Post, United Press International, TeleSur, Al Jazeera, Arab Times, The Straits Times, Kuwait Times, Thanh Nien News, The Malay Mail Online, The Japan Times, Bangkok Post, AsiaOne, Channel News Asia, Pakistan Defence, and The Borneo Post.
The number of drug-related fatalities further declined in the weeks that followed, with the hearings by the Senate Committee on Justice and Human Rights chaired by Sen. Leila de Lima on extra-judicial killings on Aug. 18 and 23.
De Lima's committee
In a resolution filed on July 13, De Lima asked that the committee “(should) investigate the recent rampant extrajudicial killings and summary executions of suspected criminals”.
Aside from De Lima, Senators Alan Peter Cayetano and Risa Hontiveros also delivered privilege speeches regarding the killings, though for different reasons: Hontiveros echoed De Lima's call, Cayetano supported the war against drugs.
From at least 20 reported drug-related deaths daily prior to Aug. 10, the daily death toll decreased to less than 18.
Drugs in barangays
According to the 2015 Annual Report of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA), 11,321 out of 42,036 barangays (26.93 percent) were drug-affected.
A barangay is said to be drug-affected, according to former PDEA Director General Arturo Cacdac Jr. in a report dated February 18, 2015, “when there is a determined existence of drug user, pusher, manufacturer, marijuana cultivator or other drug personality regardless of number in the area.”
Almost all of the barangays in the National Capital Region were drug-affected (1,574 of its 1,706 barangays or 92.26 percent). It was followed by Calabarzon and Central Visayas where in almost half of its respective barangays were drug-affected.
Double-barrel project
All the reported deaths came as results of two PNP operations, namely Project Tokhang and Project High Value Target, both based on the Command Memorandum released by PNP on July 1, which created Project Double Barrel “to clear all drug-affected barangays across the country, conduct no let up operations against illegal drugs personalities and dismantle drug syndicates.”
Tokhang is a joint effort of the police and local government units to conduct of “house-to-house visitations to persuade suspected illegal drug personalities to stop their illegal drug activities.”
High Value Target, on the other hand, focuses on pursuing “drug personalities and drug syndicates at the national, regional, district, provincial and city levels.”
READ: TOKHANG
Whodunit
Data released by the PNP on the results of Project Double Barrel and Project Tokhang from July 1 to Sept. 6 showed that of the 15,905 operations conducted by the police, 15,193 were arrested while 1,033 were killed. More than 600,000 suspected pushers and ushers voluntarily surrendered, the report said.
ABS-CBN's tally, culled from news reports, showed 1,194 drug-related fatalities from July 1 to September 6, covering all explained and unexplained deaths.
The PNP placed the number of fatalities as of Sept 6 at 1,033, all killed only during police operations.
On Aug 31, PNP chief, Director General Ronald dela Rosa, said the police were also investigating 1,507 other death cases, indicating there were unreported incidents, presumably the handiwork of other groups, not the police.
According to FanGraphs' weighted runs created-plus statistic ( wRC+ ), which measures offensive effectiveness, Rockies first basemen tied for third-worst in the Majors at 82, with 100 being considered the MLB average in the park-adjusted stat. As a comparison, the Tigers, because of Miguel Cabrera, had a 158 wRC+ at the position.
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. -- General manager Jeff Bridich said the Rockies are considering the heavy price tag for free-agent first basemen Mark Trumbo and Edwin Encarnacion. Additionally, multiple Major League sources said there have been preliminary talks about White Sox slugger Jose Abreu as the Rockies attempt to boost run production at the position.
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. -- General manager Jeff Bridich said the Rockies are considering the heavy price tag for free-agent first basemen Mark Trumbo and Edwin Encarnacion. Additionally, multiple Major League sources said there have been preliminary talks about White Sox slugger Jose Abreu as the Rockies attempt to boost run production at the position.
According to FanGraphs' weighted runs created-plus statistic (wRC+), which measures offensive effectiveness, Rockies first basemen tied for third-worst in the Majors at 82, with 100 being considered the MLB average in the park-adjusted stat. As a comparison, the Tigers, because of Miguel Cabrera, had a 158 wRC+ at the position.
According to reports, Trumbo is seeking a four-year contract in the $80 million range. The Rockies would lose the No. 11 overall pick in the 2017 MLB Draft as compensation for signing anyone who received a qualifying offer from their 2016 club, which Trumbo did from the Orioles after leading the Majors with 45 home runs in 2016.
• Hot Stove Tracker
Encarnacion, who has hit 193 home runs over the last five seasons, also received a qualifying offer. They turned down the Jays when they tried to retain them on a four-year, $80 million offer and has been reportedly seeking a five-year contract. The Blue Jays' landing of Steve Pearce on a two-year, $12.5 million contract appeared to be part of a strategy to move on from Encarnacion.
The Astros, Yankees and Red Sox also have been connected to Encarnacion, but there is no indication any of them are moving toward a deal.
"In terms of adding talent right now, we're wide open -- we're open to all avenues," Bridich said Monday, when asked about Trumbo during a briefing with reporters on the first day of the Winter Meetings.
The idea of trading for Abreu came up in discussions during the recent General Managers Meetings. According to sources, the White Sox seek several prospects from what is considered a strong Minor League system in Colorado. Talks haven't gone beyond the preliminary stage.
While not discussing a specific situation, White Sox GM Rick Hahn dispelled the notion that their rebuilding process will hold off until they trade ace Chris Sale. Although it would be tempting to wait and see how things go if the White Sox can't move Sale, Hahn said the team won't pass up moves when they arise.
"We don't want to be caught in between," Hahn told White Sox reporters Monday.
The Rockies are intrigued by the prospect of adding first-base power to a lineup that already includes Nolan Arenado, who hit 83 homers over the past two seasons; Carlos Gonzalez, with 65 the past two years; center fielder Charlie Blackmon, coming off a career-high 29 homers from the leadoff spot; and second-year shortstop Trevor Story, who hit 27 before missing the final two months with a left thumb injury.
The Rockies have free-agent options other than Trumbo, whom they nearly obtained from the Mariners in a trade last offseason before seeing them dealt to the Orioles, and Abreu, whom they nearly landed as an amateur out of Cuba in 2013.
Bridich acknowledged interest in free agents Chris Carter, who for the Brewers last season tied Arenado for the National League lead with 41 homers, and Mitch Moreland, who homered 22 times in 147 games for the Rangers last season. Bridich said the first-base search is comprehensive, so include Mike Napoli, Adam Lind and Logan Morrison on the list of possibilities.
The Rockies also are staying in contact with Mark Reynolds, who had career highs in 2016 with a .282 average and .356 on-base percentage in a season shortened because of two fractures in their left hand.
The Rockies seek athletic ability, some positional versatility and, above all, run production.
The Rockies have converted left-handed-hitting prospect Ryan McMahon, who turns 22 on Dec. 14, from third base to first, but Bridich said the length of the contract for a potential free agent is not affected by McMahon's presence.
Video: Harding on the Rockies' first base options
In other developments:
• The Rockies pursued veteran closer Mark Melancon, before seeing them land in the NL West with the Giants for four years and $62 million.
"It's not all that surprising, based on what we were hearing and the nature of the current marketplace with free agency," Bridich said.
The Rockies seek late-innings arms to improve a bullpen that posted a Majors-worst 5.13 ERA last season, but they are not necessarily in search of a closer.
• Righty Jairo Diaz, a hard thrower who missed last season because of Tommy John surgery, is in a planned rest period after throwing a couple of "live" batting practice sessions at the team's complex in the Dominican Republic. They will resume throwing in early January and should be ready for Spring Training.
• The Rockies have to pay $22 million in 2017 to Mets infielder Jose Reyes, whom they released last season. But with that money coming off the books next year, the Rockies can target current players for multiyear contracts. Arenado, who is headed into the second of four years of arbitration and is one of the game's top young stars, and Gonzalez, whose four-year, $80 million deal expires at the end of this season, are among candidates for extensions.
"It's about what the general landscape of our team and our payroll and our organization look like in regard to a long-term deal. And that's a big decision. It's not something we take lightly," Bridich said.
• As has been the case in the past, Gonzalez will play for Venezuela in the 2017 World Baseball Classic. The decision was expected, and MLB officially announced it Monday. Arenado previously announced that they will play for Team USA.
Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002. Follow them on Twitter @harding_at_mlb, listen to podcasts and like their Facebook page.
Conservative Sen. Don Plett doesn't think it's up to the new government to change controversial anti-terror bill C-51.
“I believe that that legislation was brought in by a democratically elected government. I support that legislation, so I have a problem with that,” Plett said on their way into a caucus meeting where Senators were gathering ahead of Parliament's next session.
A number of Tories continue to say they will resist any changes to the anti-terror legislation passed by the Harper government.
“For (the Liberals) to say ‘we are going to change or repeal legislation that was brought in democratically,' I have a real issue with that,” said Plett, a former president of the Conservative Party.
Plett said they believe the current version of C-51 reflects the will of the population because the Conservatives held a healthy majority, just like the Liberals enjoy now.
They did not address questions about why this situation is any different from the Conservatives repealing the long-gun registry, which was brought in by the Liberals in 1995.
READ MORE: Senate to create spending oversight body
Conservatives still hold the majority of seats in the Senate, and they can use that power to slow the passage of any legislation the new prime minister passes in the House of Commons. Last week, Conservative Senator Bob Runciman told the National Post that “there may be some things that Mr. Trudeau and some of their colleagues are very supportive of, but they may be matters that an overwhelming majority of Canadians are not comfortable with.”
Fellow Tory Sen. Dan Lang maintains changes to bill C-51 will be treated like any others, saying “some amendments (the Liberals) bring forward will have to be dealt with accordingly,” adding senators still have a role to play.
“Our job is to make sure the Senate works, and works effectively.”
MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish lawmakers on Wednesday voted down a no-confidence motion in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy brought by the anti-austerity Podemos party.
The motion had not been expected to garner the majority of votes needed to oust Rajoy given the Socialists had said they would abstain and the liberal Ciudadanos and other smaller regional parties had said they would vote against the proposal.
But the move from Podemos was primarily aimed at portraying the party as leader of the opposition to the center-right government at a time when the Socialists have just picked a new leader and are struggling with falling support, analysts say.
“We are on the right track to build up an alternative majority,” Podemos leader Pablo Iglesias said after the vote.
“Today, we are one step closer to removing the People's Party from the institutions.”
The motion was rejected with 170 votes against, 82 votes for and 97 abstentions, roughly in line with the breakdown when Rajoy was voted in as prime minister last year, showing there has been no change in the balance of power in parliament.
Rajoy, who has secured support for the budget and obtained as a result at least two years of stability, said they were satisfied with the outcome of the vote.
“It has been rejected by a wide majority and this means we will be able to keep working,” they told journalists.
Final Four makes bag rule clear
Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner is joined by police and Final Four tournament organizers on Monday. Security and transportation preparations were months in planning for the April 2-4 Final Four. Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner is joined by police and Final Four tournament organizers on Monday. Security and transportation preparations were months in planning for the April 2-4 Final Four. Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Final Four makes bag rule clear 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
Officials welcoming the NCAA Final Four to Houston want to make one thing clear: The bag you're carrying into events related to the basketball tournament.
Monday morning, city and tournament host committee officials announced that only clear bags – available in many spots – will be allowed into events sanctioned by the NCAA men's basketball tournament, including the games themselves at NRG Stadium and fan-centric events at the George R. Brown Convention Center and Discovery Green.
Rachel Quan with Houston's NCAA tournament host committee, shows...
The rule applies to every type of bag someone would carry in, said Doug Hall, president of the committee hosting the Final Four in Houston.
“No backpacks or diaper bags,” Hall said.
Free bags with the Final Four logo will be available at numerous locations around the city, including hotels, information centers, Metro transit stops and the event locations.
“But people hopefully will take care of it before they get there,” Hall said.
People can also use a one-gallon Ziploc bag to hold belongings, or another clear bag of the same size or less, officials said.
The clear bag policy is identical to the rule the Final Four used in Indianapolis last year, and to the policy NFL teams such as the Houston Texans employ for games.
In addition to going clear, here are four other things to keep in mind going to and from Final Four activities, or even just traveling around Houston.
Traveling: Transit in many cases might be the best bet for downtown and stadium trips, said Andy Skabowski, Metropolitan Transit Authority chief operating officer and head of the host committee's transportation plans. Metro will operate trains and buses from NRG to various destinations, and have additional staff directing people at rail stops. A tent used for the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo remains in place, giving travelers a shaded spot with televisions to wait for trains. A $12 pass for four days is available, and valid for all transit use.
Time Out: Trips into downtown or near NRG Park will be affected by the constant stream of visitors. People should plan for longer trips, and even arrive early to avoid some hassles, officials said.
Full court press: Skabowski said taxis, Uber and other services are prepared for an increase in business. Last year in Indianapolis, Uber demand increased 75 percent on Saturday and Monday nights when the games were played, the company said. Demand is expected to be highest from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday, then to surge between 10 p.m. and 11 p.m. when the doubleheader of games is finished.
Solid defense: A uniformed police presence will be noticeable at all events, said Houston interim police chief Martha Montalvo. Plainclothes officers will also be on duty, they said. ​“Obviously the goal is to make this a great event but also a safe event,” Montalvo said.
by Shaun Boyd
When I first made plans to go to college, I noticed an immediate difference in the way people talked to me. Every time the subject came up, people applauded my decision to go to school with encouraging comments:
“Once you have your degree, you'll have no trouble finding a great job.” — “Employers will be eager to interview you.” — “By the time you graduate, you'll have a career already waiting.”
Regardless of the words used to say it, the message was always the same: Having a college degree would make a remarkable difference in my future. Interestingly, this was an atrocious lie.
Of course, I didn't know it at the time. I naively took their recommendations as truths, got on the college conveyor belt, and earned my degree. Armed with my ticket to easy street, I looked forward to having my pick from the large selection of employers who handed out jobs to recent college grads.
As I'm certain you've guessed, I never managed to meet up with those employers. In fact, many friends of mine had similar difficulties. Though we were all under the impression that our degrees would guarantee us great jobs with great salaries, nothing could have been further from the truth.
Following graduation, I submitted my resume, application, and cover letter to over 100 employers over the course of two months. I interviewed for nearly a dozen positions — but wasn't offered a single job. Where did I end up working? For the organization I interned at — doing a job I could've been doing without my coveted degree.
My friends were in the same boat. They earned their degrees but ended up working jobs they could've been working right out of high school. One works as a food runner at a restaurant. Another deals card at a casino. Yet another works as a laborer for their father's masonry business. In every case, it was a simple matter of dollars and cents: Starting salaries in their specialized fields offered less than what they made at their previous jobs.
How did this happen? We believed that our degrees were supposed to help pave the way to a better future — but that's not what happened for any of us. So what were we doing wrong?
We were failing to see our degree for what it actually is.
Consider what I've done with my degree since receiving it: I framed it and hung it on a wall. A few years later I moved, so I packed it into a box. It never met the wall at my new place, and remained stowed in my attic for another few years before I moved again. Currently, it's hidden in a filing cabinet.
In other words, the degree is a piece of paper. It's not some magical entity that grants the holder immediate and undeniable success. This claim is not to suggest that a college education is worthless, I'm only suggesting that a college degree is nothing more than a ticket to compete. It puts you in the running for a better future, but it provides no guarantees.
That was not what my friends and I thought we signed up for. We thought college would be the answer to our problems. Once we had our degrees, we would be coasting down easy street with fifty thousand dollar starting salaries at every turn. But when our graduation dates arrived, what we imagined would happen wasn't anywhere near what actually happened.
We walked, shook some hands, accepted our degree, had our picture taken, and then looked around for the employers that were supposed to be handing out jobs — and they weren't there. Though we were promised they'd be there, they weren't. We were lied to — and the harsh truth stood before us:
The degree wasn't the final answer, it was just one factor in a much larger equation. It was the starting line, not the finish line. Now that we had our ticket to compete, it was up to us to make something of it. The problem is, most of us didn't understand that.
Some of us still don't. I say this because of the new trend among my friends: Since they have found little success with their undergraduate degrees, many have decided to attend graduate school. Again, I don't mean to deny the value of education — I simply believe they're falling into old habits:
They're still in search of a piece of paper that can solve all of their problems. Although I'd love for them to prove me wrong, I fear that they are making a poor investment. I suspect that upon receiving their new degree, they will discover that they're still not at the finish line — they're just at a different starting line.
My point is that people often attribute too much value to the degree itself. Don't expect it to do all the work for you — because it can't and it won't.
As for the true value of a college degree, it tells employers only one thing: Since finishing college is relatively difficult, then you must be relatively intelligent. So remember, a college degree is only a ticket to compete. Everything else is up to you.
Update 9-13-2007: I read a writeup by George Leef of the National Review Online, which outlines how Higher education has been oversold. It's an excellent writeup that parallels many of the ideas I explained above.
Update 3-19-2008: I read another excellent article called A Guide To Potential Grad Students: Should You Go To Grad School? Anyone who is considering going to graduate school just because they don't know what else to do should definitely read it.
Update 7-19-2008: I read another article called The Declining Value Of Your College Degree on MadConomist that parallels the topics in my article above.
Update 2-6-2009: Yet another article on this subject, The Great College Hoax – Forbes.com
Update 2-11-2009: I keep discovering more articles. Student Loans Can Wreck You: The Next Financial Crisis
Update 4-27-2009: Most graduate programs in American universities produce a product for which there is no market — End the University as We Know It
Update 7-1-2009: The four-year college degree has come to cost too much and prove too little. It's now a bad deal for the average student, family, employer, professor and taxpayer. — Don't Get That College Degree! – New York Post
Update 5-18-2010: According to another article, high school graduates would be better served by being taught how to behave and communicate in the workplace than attend college. — Plan B – Skip College
Update 6-30-2010: “Research suggests that the monetary value of a college degree may be vastly overblown.” — College : Big Investment, Paltry Return
Update 3-11-2011: “Articles with headlines such as ‘The University Degrees that may add nothing to lifetime's salary' are easy to find” — Is it worth going to university?
Update 11-28-2011: “a college degree is no longer the guarantor of a middle-class existence” — The Dwindling Power of a College Degree
Add to: Del.Icio.Us / Reddit / Digg / Stumble Upon / 130 Comments »
Wookies, resistance fighters, and General Leia, oh my! It's the first Star Wars movie in a long time, and that means we can't ignore it! We join ranks with Jay Garmon to tackle Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens (2015). We discuss the film's diversity, the burden of Star Wars' legacy on any new Star Wars movie, wookies, and much more!
We hope you enjoy the episode!
Note: If you have iTunes and like this show, please give us a review on our iTunes page, or feel free to email us with your thoughts about the show!
Here's the episode (show notes are below):
Shoot the WISB #41 — Download (MP3)
Show Notes:
Our new intro music is “Time Flux” by Revolution Void (CC BY 3.0).
That's all, folks! Thanks for listening. See you next week.
Narawut Phuangkaset, 28, was found in a pool of blood on these steps winding up to Wat Sa Ket, known as the Golden Mount. (File photo by Melalin Mahavongtrakul)
City police are scouring social media for clues to the death of a recent university graduate at Wat Sa Ket in Bangkok.
Narawut Phuangkaset, 26, was found crying out in pain in a pool of blood on the steps of the Golden Mount temple early on Aug 21. They were taken to hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Their mother, Ampai Janhorm, 54, told the media them their son died under mysterious circumstances and a police investigation has made no headway.
They said forensic test results suggest Narawut had been attacked.
Metropolitan Police Bureau chief Sanit Mahathavorn said they met the head of Samran Rat police handling the case to discuss the investigation. They later inspected the spot at the temple where Narawut was found.
Pol Lt Gen Sanit said the investigation was ongoing as police need more evidence. Investigators are sifting through details of the victim's life on social medial.
Friends and witnesses, including monks and nuns, have also been interviewed. Narawut has been described as a private person.
Pol Lt Gen Sanit said surveillance camera footage showed the man walking in a meditative state in an open yard where a row of temple bells line the walkway.
Later, around 3am, they went up the stairs and was seen flapping their arms like a bird. Police collected blood stains on the nearby bells.
Golden Mount caretaker Awarudee Pongprasan said they heard a man scream, followed by the sound of a bell ringing. They alerted police, who found Narawut on the steps.
Pol Lt Gen Sanit said a forensic exam revealed Narawut had suffered a fractured skull and severe brain injuries.
Ms Ampai said their son graduated with honours in business management from Bangkok University a few months ago. After graduation, they helped manage the family's restaurant business.
Contact Crime Track: crimetrack@bangkokpost.co.th.
Free Comic Book Day's pretty self-explanatory: visit stores, get freebies. But for Saturday's 15th anniversary of that event, Sho'Nuff Comics in Parkview Center will team with Parkview neighbors Crimson Castle Games and Druid City Brewing to create the first Tuscaloosa Comics & Gaming Expo.
Free Comic Book Day's pretty self-explanatory: visit stores, get freebies. But for Saturday's 15th anniversary of that event, Sho'Nuff Comics in Parkview Center will team with Parkview neighbors Crimson Castle Games and Druid City Brewing to create the first Tuscaloosa Comics & Gaming Expo.
"Tuscaloosa really hasn't had a convention in quite a few years," since Kami-Con left UA for Birmingham in 2012, said Sho'Nuff co-owner Jon Chandler. "So this year, we decided we need to go on and give it a name, start building a brand."
Sho'Nuff's crafting ideas around mid-sized events such as the Memphis Comic Expo.
"These are nothing like San Diego (Comic-Con International) or (Atlanta's) DragonCon," Chandler said. "These smaller ones attract about 5,000 or 6,000."
That's what they hope Tuscaloosa Comics & Gaming Expo grows into, with following years. Conventions -- or cons -- can become massive parties as well as big business. DragonCon and Comic-Con bestow multi-million dollar economic impacts -- in San Diego, it's estimated $180 million per year -- over four days, drawing between 60,000 (DragonCon) and 100,000 (Comic-Con). Cons offer a cornucopia of fantasy and science-fiction-based panels, games, guest stars, merchandise rooms, cosplay contests, music and stage performances and more.
But even big heroes spring from humble origins. DragonCon launched in 1987 for 1,400. The first of what became Comic-Con events opened in 1970, for an audience of just 300.
"We didn't want to get too ambitious this first year, because we've seen some bad ones that rushed it," Chandler said. "The best ones built from scratch to something good, started small and worked up."
Saturday's kickoff will feature actor Theo Crane, who's been featured as Big Tiny on "The Walking Dead," and as Zeke in WGN's "Underground," along with a number of upcoming film projects. Artists Rick Johnson, Carlos Parker and Jon Woodard will also be in-store for the event, which runs 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Saturday.
Chandler's been running stores such as Sho'Nuff for more than a decade, starting with The Comic Strip, moving to Sho'Nuff five years ago. They've built a clientele around mainstream fascination with once-niche fantasy and science-fiction -- of the 10 all-time movie box-office champs, eight are fantasy or SF-based -- and by emphasizing customer service.
"We see a broad mix, of everybody," Chandler said. Some fear the stereotypical shop image, where women are rarities to be goggled at, and loners mutter to themselves in dark corners. Chandler and employees greet every visitor, and offer recommendations or guidance.
"Everybody's money is good," they said, laughing. "I don't care what you look like, what your political affiliation or religion, if you're buying Superman, I don't care."
Sho'Nuff carries new and vintage comics, graphic novels, trade paperbacks, figurines such as Pop!'s vinyl creations, toys, posters, T-shirts and other merchandise.
"We are all about cultivating new readers," Chandler said, those who might be drawn by the popularity of graphic-novel based show "Walking Dead," or the hit film "Watchmen," based on Alan Moore's graphic novel. "I can't tell you how many times I've heard someone refer to this as 'funny books.' No, no, no; they're for everybody now."
Along with the guests, JoJo's Food Trunk, comics giveaways and sales, Sho'Nuff will host a cosplay contest, with entrants photographed throughout the day, then judged later, and an art raffle for more than a dozen original comic-book covers, as a fundraiser for the West Alabama Food Bank. The national Free Comic Book Day site has more on the giveaways, at www.freecomicbookday.com. Sho'Nuff's site is www.shonuffcomics.com.
Nearby Crimson Castle will run gaming events all day, including a Yu-Gi-Oh tournament at 1 p.m., and a Magic The Gathering tournament at 6:30.
"People can play table-top games, or board games from our in-store library," said Crimson Castle co-owner Kelvin Parham. "We'll also have some people to demo games for us, and promotional materials by Steve Jackson Games, which makes 'Munchkins' (a card-based game) and 'Zombie Dice' (a quick, inexpensive role-play-type game)."
Druid City Brewing will set up video games, including "Injustice: Gods Among Us," and probably "Super Mario Kart" and "Super Smash Brothers."
Parham and Chandler are of one mind regarding growth.
"Tuscaloosa has a very set mindset about what Tuscaloosa is," Parham said. "If you let it grow organically, it could become something."
"My hope is that the city would get involved, at some point," Chandler said. "But it's better to take baby steps than giant leaps."
It's that time to tune up those bikes and toss those riding duds in the wash, you won't need them for the World Naked Bike Ride in San Francisco. It's the third WNBR of the year, in conjunction with Earth Day and the SEVENTH anniversary of the British Petroleum Deep Horizon explosion and Macondo Well oil spill disaster, the worst oil spill in history that occurred on April 20, 2010. Ironically, environmentalist John Muir's birthday.
It is time for the 7th Annual Earth Day World Naked Bike Ride - San Francisco.
The BP oil spill left dead sea life and birds as well as the environmental devastation of the gulf that will impact sea life and the economy of the gulf's fishing industry for decades. With the Japan quake & tsunami 5 years ago all but forgotten, environmental issues are more important than ever. There still remains to this day a huge blanket of oil at the bottom of the Gulf. Don't let clear waters above fool you into thinking the clean up job is finished. What better way to refresh the public's memory than with a World Naked Bike Ride.
Our San Francisco contingent will meet Saturday, April 22nd at 11:00AM at the northwest corner outside of the Ferry Building, between the Farmer's Market and Starbucks. Our group will have time to gather and renew old acquaintances as well as help initiate new riders. Also slogans and signs can be finalized with body paint & markers. And all WNBRs have challenged the new SF anti-nudity ordinance with NO CITATIONS!!!
The ride is scheduled to start just after Noon.
You decide how much bare you can dare, you can go all out in the joy of sun clad nakedness, go topless, bikinis, body paint or latex, leotard or lingerie, or tuxedos, whatever you feel like. For this ride, however, since an oil spill is the target of our angst, an appropriate statement can be made to mimic spilled oil. Nude riders can use black body paint splattered or coated. Those a little timid about nudity can use black trash bags that resemble spilled oil. Or you can be even more creative and artistic with black latex body paint to achieve a sheen and gloss that really looks like spilled oil. Since it is Earth Day we are celebrating the environment, so if you don't go the bare route or the oil spill look, then adorn yourself with green colors; shoes, hats, scarves, capes, whatever, to promote a greener way of life.
Skates or skateboards have ridden along with us in the past. Also we had our first tandem bike in our last ride. How about a nude unicyclist? And music maestro please. How about some of you musical bikes from Rock The Bike sounding off with us?
As always, our ride is in continued protest of an unsustainable energy policy in all nations around the globe. We support the innovation of alternate and improved energy technologies, the social commitment to a more sustainable energy consumption and generally the pure fun and joy of riding naked to draw attention to these issues. However, this time the main protest is about the BP oil spill and since this is Earth Day, special reverence for our ecosystem and respect for Mother Earth.
Our ride will focus on downtown SOMA areas, Embarcadero, and most flat areas along the financial area downtown. We will go down to Fisherman's Wharf and then back toward the Earth Day Festival at the Civic Center where we will pass by its outer edges before ending our ride in the Castro.
https://www.facebook.com/events/1231092015... For more event information: Added to the calendar on Tuesday Apr 4th, 2017 1:13 PM
Looking for Entangled Atoms in a Bose-Einstein Condensate
Click image to enlarge Photo shows equipment used for observing entangled Bose-Einstein condensates. (Credit: Rob Felt, Georgia Tech). Download Image MORE PHOTOS
Using a Bose-Einstein condensate composed of millions of sodium atoms, researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have observed a sharp magnetically-induced quantum phase transition where they expect to find entangled atomic pairs. The work moves scientists closer to an elusive entangled state that would have potential sensing and computing applications beyond its basic science interests.
The use of entangled atoms from a condensate could improve the sensitivity and reduce the noise in sensing very small changes in physical properties such as magnetic fields or rotation. And it could also provide a foundation for quantum computers able to perform certain calculations much faster than conventional digital computers.
Sponsored by the National Science Foundation, the research was reported January 23 as a rapid communication in the journal Physical Review A.
“We have defined a window where we expect to be able to observe entanglement,” said Chandra Raman, an associate professor in the Georgia Tech School of Physics. “We now know where to look for it, and we know how to look for it.”
Raman and former graduate student Anshuman Vinit have been studying Bose-Einstein condensates (BECs) as a source of entanglement, seeking to take advantage of the system's quantum purity to create conditions where correlation between atoms might occur. BECs don't normally contain entangled atoms.
“We found ways to engineer the system to create entanglement,” Raman explained. “We looked at the behavior of the system as we tuned the magnetic field very close to the phase boundary and showed that the boundary had a very sharply defined point. We were able to resolve that boundary with a level of uncertainty we didn't think we could get until we did the experiment.”
Theoretical predictions have suggested that at the boundary between different magnetic phases of a spinor Bose-Einstein condensate, scientists would find an entangled quantum state of all the atoms. In spinor Bose-Einstein condensates, the individual magnetic moments do not need to have a well-defined orientation in space, but rather, can exist in a superposition of different orientations.
In their experiment, the researchers identified two phases: antiferromagnetic and polar. In the polar phase, the atoms all align their moments vertically, while in the antiferromagnetic phase, they are horizontally aligned. In a BEC exactly at the boundary between these phases, theorists had predicted the existence of a quantum mechanical superposition of all possible alignments, an entangled state.
The researchers haven't yet observed that entangled state yet, but their work so far has defined an experimental window within which to look for new physical effects governing different magnetic phases, or to generate entangled states that are relevant for quantum-based systems.
Earlier research in Raman's lab had produced the two phases, but the boundary between them was “smeared out” by magnetic field inhomogeneities. By smoothing out the magnetic field so that it was more uniform, the researchers were able to eliminate the variations to produce a sharp boundary between the phases.
In the narrowly-defined transition area identified in the research, atoms are torn between the two phases, causing entangled pairs to form, Raman said. The state may be stable enough to find practical applications, though scientists won't know for sure until they actually can observe and measure the properties.
The researchers measured the boundary in their system by “jumping” the magnetic field from one part of the BEC to another. The move created a dynamical instability in the atomic system; the larger the instability, the less time the system required to return to equilibrium, as predicted by quantum theory.
The researchers now believe they've set the stage for observing entanglement in a smaller group of atoms, perhaps no more than a thousand.
“At our current sensitivity, we think we could observe these spin-correlated states with a reasonable number of particles,” Raman said. “We think that is experimentally feasible, and since we can measure the boundary with precision, we can begin to test the theories governing behavior in this regime.”
Once that's shown, the large ensemble of atoms could be broken down into many smaller groups operating independently, each with phase boundaries containing entangled atoms.
Though Raman finds the basic science and quantum computing interesting, they are equally excited about potential sensing applications.
“If you could reduce the noise level through the clever use of quantum mechanical superpositions, you could realize sensors that are more precise and could detect smaller effects,” they said. “In quantum sensing you could use entanglement to increase the precision of measurements to levels that, in classical sensor systems, would have a higher noise level.”
In classical oscillating systems such as coin tosses, each flip is an independent system and has a certain level of noise. But because of the correlation, the atomic pairs would no longer be independent systems.
“In an ordinary classical system, there's a certain amount of noise that has to do with the fact that you are making measurements on independent systems,” they said. “In quantum systems, it is possible to suppress that noise if the atoms are correlated. It's as if the coins were talking to one another.”
Quantum sensors might therefore be able to detect changes in rotation or magnetic variation that are too small for today's sensors. Other applications could be found in spectroscopic measurement, Raman said.
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 1100179. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
CITATION: A. Vinit and C. Raman, “Precise measurements on a quantum phase transition in antiferromagnetic spinor Bose-Einstein condensates,” (Physical Review A, 2017). https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevA.95.011603
Research News
Georgia Institute of Technology
177 North Avenue
Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0181 USA
Maryland picked up its second commitment of the weekend Saturday, securing an oral commitment from DeMatha junior Darryl Turner, who announced the news on Twitter.
A three-star Class of 2016 prospect according to Rivals.com, the 5-foot-9, 185-pound Turner plays slot receiver and safety at DeMatha.  They are also a kick returner.
“Darryl Turner was arguably our most valuable player for us this year,” DeMatha coach Elijah Brooks said. “He started at slot receiver, kick returner and safety. And if there was a play to be made, they made it. I think the only problem we had was getting them enough touches.
“I want to say — we calculated it — they scored every three times they touched the football. That's the type of dynamic playmaker they are, and very similar to [Terps cornerback and returner] Will Likely.”
Maryland coaches are unsure of what position Turner will play in college, Brooks said.
Turner had eight interceptions at safety, and Brooks said Turner had more than 600 receiving yards and at least six receiving touchdowns.
“They don't know [where they will play] yet,” Brooks said. “They just know that they are a heck of a football player. They're recruiting them as an athlete. He's so dynamic on both sides of the ball that they don't want to pigeonhole them into one position right now. They'll make that determination down the line. They just know that they want them in the program.”
While the Terps have not signed a player from DeMatha since 2009, Turner is the second junior prospect from the local powerhouse to commit to the Terps, following three-star running back Lorenzo Harrison. Four-star Good Counsel linebacker Keandre Jones is the third member of the Class of 2016.
Maryland offered Turner a scholarship on their birthday on Sunday.
“Maryland is the place that they always wanted to be,” Brooks said. “He understood that the offer or opportunity may come later because they don't fit the measurables that a lot of programs are looking for. But talking to Coach Edsall and talking to Coach [Mike] Locksley, if you turn on their film, he's just a football player, and that is the school they were waiting on. And once they offered him, they knew that's where they wanted to be.”
Iron Man, Ironman or Ironmen may refer to:
People [ edit ]
Travis Fulton (born 1977), American mixed martial arts fighter nicknamed "The Ironman"
Cal Ripken Jr. (born 1960), American retired Hall-of-Fame Major League Baseball player nicknamed "The Iron Man"
Ivan Stewart (born 1945), American off-road racing driver nicknamed "Ironman"
Billy Williams (left fielder) (born 1938), American retired Hall-of-Fame Major League Baseball player nicknamed "Iron Man"
Arts, entertainment [ edit ]
Films [ edit ]
Marvel Cinematic Universe [ edit ]
Other films [ edit ]
Games [ edit ]
Iron Man (video game), a 2008 video game based on the film
(video game), a 2008 video game based on the film Ironman (computer gaming), a game mode in some computer games wherein savescumming (reloading to get a better outcome) is disabled
Comics [ edit ]
Iron Man, a Marvel Comics superhero
Iron Man (comic book), the name of several comic book titles featuring the Marvel Comics character
(comic book), the name of several comic book titles featuring the Marvel Comics character Iron Man (Canadian comics), a pioneering Canadian comics character
Tetsujin 28, a character from the manga series that debuted in 1956 Tetsujin 28-go ("Iron Man No. 28")
Music [ edit ]
Sculpture and statues [ edit ]
Iron:Man , a 1993 sculpture by Antony Gormley, in Birmingham, England
, a 1993 sculpture by Antony Gormley, in Birmingham, England Iron Man (Buddhist statue), Tibetan statue considered a forgery by experts
(Buddhist statue), Tibetan statue considered a forgery by experts Iron Man (Minnesota statue), a 1987 statue in Chisholm, Minnesota
Television [ edit ]
Literature [ edit ]
Sports [ edit ]
Watches [ edit ]
Ironman Datalink, a Timex wristwatch introduced in 1997 and marketed in conjunction with the Ironman Triathlon
Timex Ironman, a digital wristwatch marketed in conjunction with the Ironman Triathlon
See also [ edit ]
"Most concerns can be accommodated within our budget [but] not everybody gets to have what they want,” Ryan said. | AP Photo Ryan: Some Republicans won't like budget
Speaker Paul Ryan issued a warning Wednesday about the 2017 budget: some Republicans will be unhappy with the final product.
Ryan and their lieutenants are courting GOP votes for the budget, even as a group of conservatives is voicing strong objections to the top-line funding numbers that were negotiated last year.
Story Continued Below
“There are a lot of people who want a lot of things in the budget….There are a lot of different concerns. Most concerns can be accommodated within our budget [but] not everybody gets to have what they want,” Ryan (R-Wisc.) said in response to a question on defense spending.
Members of the House Freedom Caucus want to ditch the top-line numbers agreed to by former Speaker John Boehner in favor of lower spending levels. But that budget deal passed Congress last year and both congressional Democrats and the White House expect the compromise to stand.
Passing a budget could be a challenge for GOP leadership team if conservatives object when it comes to the floor for a vote.
Still, Ryan said they are “confident” the House Republican Conference will come together on a budget.
“This is a familiar conversation….we're having the same kinds of conversations with our colleagues about a budget that we have every year…. I'm confident the members will sort this thing out,” they said.
This article tagged under: Paul Ryan
Budget
Republicans
Posted 25 June 2014 - 12:18 AM
In one of my fits of college-induced boredom, I decided to recreate some of my favorite characters from the book series with Lego Digital Designer. Soon I sort of got addicted to it... I've only created a small portion of the characters in Erikson's huge dramatis personae, but who's to say I can't make more? I'll post pictures of the minifigures I created (ranging from cute to hilarious or both) in the OP. Feel free to post your own Malazan Lego creations (or just anything Lego you come up with--- I don't care!) as well.Feel free to point out any inaccuracies or things you wish I could change. Open to ideas!Fiddler, Quick Ben, Whiskeyjack, & Kalam~ Since Legos are a Danish product, most of the minifigures are made to have light skin. The patterns painted on their heads are thus shaded to blend with the skin tones you see on Fiddler and Whiskeyjack. Unfortunately, for dark-skinned characters like Kalam or Quick Ben, it causes some strange light-colored artifacts.~ You can sort of see Fiddler's fiddle here. I'm pretty proud of the way it turned out. (It's really a guitar piece - no fiddles in Lego)Apsalar, Paran, Hedge, Trotts, & Mallet~ Again, another example of profiling affecting my work. Legos are mostly marketed towards young boys. As such, there are far fewer female minifigure faces than male, and thus far fewer expressions. They're generally either really happy or really angry. This was about as somber as I could manage with Sorry.~ I don't really remember an apt description of Captain Ganoes Paran, so I sort of decked them out as the classic hero-boy type. Tried to add a semblance of the red Bridgeburner sigil on their chainmail - Whiskeyjack has it too.~ Hedge has a pack that we can imagine is full of Moranth munitions.Kallor, Caladan Brood, Lady Envy, & Sister Spite~ I think my Kallor minifig is among my best. Their expression and hair... everything is just so perfect!~ Caladan Brood was said to have taken the form of a Barghast, so I modeled their coloring and hair after Trotts.~ Again, I tried to find a more somber expression for Spite, but it just didn't work out right. Envy's expression, however, is perfect.Gesler & Stormy~ One of my favorites of Erikson's many bromances. And two of my favorite minifigs. Their expressions crack me up every time.~ Also, you can't really tell, but their skin is Lego gold.Tool, Karsa, & Icarium~ My three favorite badasses from the series. I especially like Tool's flint sword. Note that my Tool model could really apply to any T'lan Imass (Onrack, etc.), since this is pretty much the only undead Lego face that doesn't look like a generic movie zombie. Any other T'lan Imass I make would be virtually identical to this one.~ Unfortunately all of the minifigs have to be the same height, so I couldn't make Karsa tower over the others. I did give them a huge sword, though.~ My Icarium model is the closest I can come to making a Jaghut out of Legos, since there are no orc-like faces or heads available... Sad day. Essentially also means I can't make Mappo Runt~ In real life, Lego capes are easy-to-work-with strips of cloth. In this program, not so much. They don't bend with other parts, so there are only certain combinations of hair and cape I can use. I really lucked out with Tool and Karsa, who both have long hair in the books, and capes.
This post has been edited by Aetol Fletch: 26 June 2014 - 02:53 AM
This article is over 10 years old
Order to make cannabis use an offence punishable with a penalty notice and fine after drug's reclassification to class B not due to be debated until Wednesday
Cannabis users will not face fines when the drug is reclassified from class C to class B next week, it emerged today.
The change will come in to effect on Monday, but parliamentary delays mean police will not be able to issue fines.
The new classification means officers will issue a warning to anyone caught with cannabis for a first offence.
A second offence should result in an £80 fine and penalty notice, with a third "strike" leading to arrest.
However, the order to make cannabis use an offence punishable with a penalty notice and fine was withdrawn from parliament earlier this week, and is not due to be debated until Wednesday at the earliest.
The Ministry of Justice said the order was dropped when ministers decided to consult on a range of new offences to be punishable with penalty notices.
"Penalty notices for disorder for possession of cannabis will go ahead as soon as possible, subject to the agreement of parliament, a spokesperson said.
"The home secretary [Jacqui Smith] has made clear that PNDs [penalty notice for disorder] are necessary for possession of cannabis to allow police to operate an escalated enforcement regime.
"The police are currently able to deal with the offence of cannabis possession by warning or by prosecution."
Smith, who has admitted smoking cannabis at university, decided to reclassify the drug in May last year amid fears over its impact on the mental health of young people.
Cannabis was moved to Class C, the same class as bodybuilding steroids and some tranquillisers, by the then home secretary David Blunkett in 2004.
Concerns over increased use of stronger strains, and the effect that was having, prompted the change.
The class B classification means cannabis users who are successfully prosecuted can face an unlimited fine and up to five years in prison.
A report out yesterday revealed that record numbers of young people are being given help for drug and alcohol abuse following an increase in treatment places.
The San Antonio Spurs Shop
The Official Fan Shop for your San Antonio Spurs. Located at the AT&T Center in beautiful San Antonio, Texas, the Spurs Shop offers officially licensed Spurs gear to fans around the world. We carry a large selection of Spurs merchandise from your favorite brands and for all the players. The Spurs Shop has exclusive merchandise made in partnership with the San Antonio Spurs and top NBA licensed vendors, like '47 Brand and New Era. We also carry a wide selection of NBA licensed Nike Spurs jerseys for your favorite players, including Manu Ginobili, LaMarcus Aldridge, and DeMar DeRozan. Shopat the only Official Spurs Team Store. Check back regularly for new product and great deals and remember every dollar you spend with us directly supports the San Antonio Spurs. Rep your team and town in confidence with gear from the San Antonio Spurs Official Fan Shop. Go Spurs Go!
"Everything I've ever learned about marketing, I learned in church," says Andrea, one of the people featured in this film.
Ain't this the truth. It's astounding and disgusting to see the striking parallels between the strategies used by large corporations to get children hooked on cigarettes and those used by churches to brainwash children into accepting an ancient mind-numbing myth. In short, get them while they're young (and maybe you'll get them for life).
As everyone knows, children are impressionable because they lack experience, so they tend to believe anything that people in positions of authority tell them. That is exactly why they need to be protected from this sort of abuse. If religious people of all stripes truly believed in the truth of their faith, they'd allow children to reach adulthood before exposing them to religion so they could make their own decision about what (if anything) to believe.
Taxpayers are kicking in $260 million to build a new large floating dock at the Irving Shipyard in Halifax — replacing one that sank two years ago and will now become scrap metal.
The 152-metre-long Scotia Dock II was submerged in May 2010 to allow a tugboat to enter the dry dock for maintenance, but instead of lifting the tug out of the water, the dock kept sinking.
It stayed on the bottom of Halifax harbour for nearly a month.
The heavily-damaged dock has been sold to Southern Recycling, a metal recycler on the Gulf of Mexico.
Officials at the shipyard were waiting to find out about the federal shipbuilding contract before it decided what to do about the dock, according to Mary Keith, spokesperson for Irving.
The company now plans to get a new floating dock, they said. It's part of the expansion to upgrade the yard so it can move ahead with a series of anticipated federal contracts.
Hipster criminals beware: The detectives of “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” are sticking around the borough a little longer.
Fox picked up an additional nine episodes of the Andy Samberg comedy, bringing the series to a 22-episode order. The network also announced that the show will join “New Girl” in a special one-hour comedy event airing immediately after the Super Bowl.
“It's exciting to see that both critics and fans love ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine' as much as we do,” said Kevin Reilly, chairperson of Entertainment, Fox Broadcasting Company. “With Andy (Samberg) and Andre (Braugher) out in front of this incredible ensemble, it feels like this show is going to be around for a long time.”
Also read: ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine's' Joe Lo Truglio: It's More ‘Barney Miller' Than ‘Police Academy'
Through five telecasts, the comedy is averaging a 2.1 rating/6 share among the key 18-49 demo, with 4.9 million total viewers, according to Nielsen's most current data.
“Brooklyn Nine-Nine” was created and written by Dan Goor (“Parks and Recreation”) and Michael Schur (“Parks and Recreation,” “The Office”). It is produced by Universal Television, 3 Arts Entertainment and Fremulon.
The special hour block with “New Girl” will air on Sunday, Feb. 2, 2014 following Super Bowl XLVIII on Fox.
Americans with money in the stock market have a clear preference for the next president of the United States: Hillary Clinton.
Among investors, 45% think Clinton would be better for the stock market versus 34% for Trump, according to the latest quarterly survey from E*Trade Financial (ETFC). The survey captures the views of people with at least $10,000 in an online trading account.
It may not be a surprise that Clinton came out on top. The U.S. stock market is hitting record highs. Serious investors with thousands (if not millions) in the market probably wouldn't mind more of the same from Washington D.C.: a Democrat in the White House (Clinton) and Republicans keeping control of the House of Representatives.
"The markets love divided government," says Greg Valliere of Horizon Investments. "Clinton would be check-mated in the GOP House."
E*Trade also asked investors which candidate would do a better for the economy. The results were similar, although not as strong for the Democrat: 41% said Clinton versus 33% for Trump. The rest of the respondents said "other" or "none of the above."
Related: Why Trump isn't scaring the stock market
The economy is the No. 1 issue in Election 2016. America may have low unemployment and decent growth, but economic anxiety remains high. Trade, reining in Wall Street and the need for more good-paying jobs have dominated the campaign trail. Even among investors surveyed by E*Trade, the vast majority gave the U.S. economy an mediocre "B" or "C" grade.
Clinton and Trump are fighting to convince voters they are the best candidate to lift the economy.
In other polls, when ALL voters are asked who would be the better for the economy, Trump has the edge. But there seems to be a consensus emerging on Wall Street and Silicon Valley that Clinton would be the better choice for the business and tech worlds. They have proposed a major boost to infrastructure spending to repair America's roads, bridges and IT, and they want to raise taxes on the rich.
Related: Hillary Clinton's 5 ideas to fix the U.S. economy
There are concerns that Trump's plans to scale back foreign trade and put hefty tariffs on goods coming from China could start a trade war and sink the U.S. economy into a recession. The economists at Moody's Analytics predict 3.5 million job losses under President Trump and a stock market correction (if not worse). A Trump adviser calls the Moody's analysis "garbage" and argues that Trump's big tax cuts for businesses and individuals will spur growth.
The selection of Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as Trump's running mate casts doubt on how fervent a President Trump would be on curtailing trade. Pence has been a strong supporter of free trade in the past, including voting in favor of trade deals with Panama, Colombia and South Korea while they were in Congress.
The E*Trade survey was conducted July 2 to July 11 after the Brexit vote but before Trump's vice presidential selection.
Kerry Washington and Aziz Ansari sat down for the fourth season of Variety's and PBS' Actors on Actors series and the two actors struggled to find why the TV industry has received so much praise for improvements in diversity.
“I feel like everybody's talked so much about how there's more diversity on TV than in film. I don't understand why. Do you?” Washington, star of HBO's “Confirmation” asked Ansari.
“I don't know,” said Ansari. “If I had to guess I feel like there's more diverse creators.”
“Our show, it's Indian guy, Asian guy, so there's going to be more Indian people, Asian people,” continued Ansari, who stars in “Master of None.” We have a diverse group of friends and we didn't even really think about it when we were making the show that ‘oh this is diverse.' We were just like this feels real.”‘
The lack of diversity in Hollywood became a heated topic during the 2015 Oscars and again during the 2016 Oscars. Celebrities and fans took to social media to voice their disapproval of the minimal presence of people of color in film and TV and actor/comedian Chris Rock used the Oscar stage to tackle the issue head on.
Related Aziz Ansari Reflects on Sexual Misconduct Allegation: ‘I Hope I've Become a Better Person' 'American Son' Set for Netflix Adaptation With Kerry Washington, Original Broadway Cast
But, the lack of diversity in the entertainment industry is only a reflection of a much larger problem.
“I saw this chart in the New York Times about like decision makers -the gatekeepers in every single industry- and it was like all white people,” said Ansari.
“It came out after Oscars so white and I loved that they did it because there was all this attention on Hollywood but it was like no no no, every industry is so white,” Washington added.
While studio executives typically hold the power in diversifying cast in front and behind the camera, the two also discussed the importance of actors using their own resources to improve and create opportunities for people of color.
“One thing I've thought about in going from season 1 to season 2 is now we're in a position to help other people and in season 2 I've been like I gotta find -I gotta do just even more- and find even more actors of color and writers of color,” said Ansari.
“I'm friends with Chris Rock and I've seen how they really takes that initiative to foster talent and to look out for people and I think it's really important. It's kind of a responsibility we have once we kind of get to a certain place to look out for people and I've really tried to do that in season 2 of my show.”
The two-part fourth-season premiere of “Variety Studio: Actors on Actors” airs June 12 and June 19 on PBS SoCal. Presented by Shopbop/East Dane, the episodes will also be available to stream on Variety.com.
But Cardinal Bertone halted the process after Father Murphy personally wrote to Cardinal Ratzinger protesting that they should not be put on trial because they had already repented and was in poor health and that the case was beyond the church's own statute of limitations.
“I simply want to live out the time that I have left in the dignity of my priesthood,” Father Murphy wrote near the end of their life to Cardinal Ratzinger. “I ask your kind assistance in this matter.” The files contain no response from Cardinal Ratzinger.
The New York Times obtained the documents, which the church fought to keep secret, from Jeff Anderson and Mike Finnegan, the lawyers for five men who have brought four lawsuits against the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. The documents include letters between bishops and the Vatican, victims' affidavits, the handwritten notes of an expert on sexual disorders who interviewed Father Murphy and minutes of a final meeting on the case at the Vatican.
Father Murphy not only was never tried or disciplined by the church's own justice system, but also got a pass from the police and prosecutors who ignored reports from their victims, according to the documents and interviews with victims. Three successive archbishops in Wisconsin were told that Father Murphy was sexually abusing children, the documents show, but never reported it to criminal or civil authorities.
Instead of being disciplined, Father Murphy was quietly moved by Archbishop William E. Cousins of Milwaukee to the Diocese of Superior in northern Wisconsin in 1974, where they spent their last 24 years working freely with children in parishes, schools and, as one lawsuit charges, a juvenile detention center. They died in 1998, still a priest.
Even as the pope themselves in a recent letter to Irish Catholics has emphasized the need to cooperate with civil justice in abuse cases, the correspondence seems to indicate that the Vatican's insistence on secrecy has often impeded such cooperation. At the same time, the officials' reluctance to defrock a sex abuser shows that on a doctrinal level, the Vatican has tended to view the matter in terms of sin and repentance more than crime and punishment.
The Vatican spokesperson, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, was shown the documents and was asked to respond to questions about the case. They provided a statement saying that Father Murphy had certainly violated “particularly vulnerable” children and the law, and that it was a “tragic case.” But they pointed out that the Vatican was not forwarded the case until 1996, years after civil authorities had investigated the case and dropped it.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Father Lombardi emphasized that neither the Code of Canon Law nor the Vatican norms issued in 1962, which instruct bishops to conduct canonical investigations and trials in secret, prohibited church officials from reporting child abuse to civil authorities. They did not address why that had never happened in this case.
Photo
As to why Father Murphy was never defrocked, they said that “the Code of Canon Law does not envision automatic penalties.” They said that Father Murphy's poor health and the lack of more recent accusations against them were factors in the decision.
The Vatican's inaction is not unusual. Only 20 percent of the 3,000 accused priests whose cases went to the church's doctrinal office between 2001 and 2010 were given full church trials, and only some of those were defrocked, according to a recent interview in an Italian newspaper with Msgr. Charles J. Scicluna, the chief internal prosecutor at that office. An additional 10 percent were defrocked immediately. Ten percent left voluntarily. But a majority — 60 percent — faced other “administrative and disciplinary provisions,” Monsignor Scicluna said, like being prohibited from celebrating Mass.
To many, Father Murphy appeared to be a saint: a hearing man gifted at communicating in American Sign Language and an effective fund-raiser for deaf causes. A priest of the Milwaukee Archdiocese, they started as a teacher at St. John's School for the Deaf, in St. Francis, in 1950. They were promoted to run the school in 1963 even though students had disclosed to church officials in the 1950s that they were a predator.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Victims give similar accounts of Father Murphy's pulling down their pants and touching them in their office, their car, their mother's country house, on class excursions and fund-raising trips and in their dormitory beds at night. Arthur Budzinski said they were first molested when they went to Father Murphy for confession when they were about 12, in 1960.
“If they were a real mean guy, I would have stayed away,” said Mr. Budzinski, now 61, who worked for years as a journeyman printer. “But they were so friendly, and so nice and understanding. I knew they were wrong, but I couldn't really believe it.”
Mr. Budzinski and a group of other deaf former students spent more than 30 years trying to raise the alarm, including passing out leaflets outside the Milwaukee cathedral. Mr. Budzinski's friend Gary Smith said in an interview that Father Murphy molested them 50 or 60 times, starting at age 12. By the time they graduated from high school at St. John's, Mr. Smith said, “I was a very, very angry man.”
In 1993, with complaints about Father Murphy landing on their desk, Archbishop Weakland hired a social worker specializing in treating sexual offenders to evaluate him. After four days of interviews, the social worker said that Father Murphy had admitted their acts, had probably molested about 200 boys and felt no remorse.
However, it was not until 1996 that Archbishop Weakland tried to have Father Murphy defrocked. The reason, they wrote to Cardinal Ratzinger, was to defuse the anger among the deaf and restore their trust in the church. They wrote that since they had become aware that “solicitation in the confessional might be part of the situation,” the case belonged at the doctrinal office.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
With no response from Cardinal Ratzinger, Archbishop Weakland wrote a different Vatican office in March 1997 saying the matter was urgent because a lawyer was preparing to sue, the case could become public and “true scandal in the future seems very possible.”
Recently some bishops have argued that the 1962 norms dictating secret disciplinary procedures have long fallen out of use. But it is clear from these documents that in 1997, they were still in force.
But the effort to dismiss Father Murphy came to a sudden halt after the priest appealed to Cardinal Ratzinger for leniency.
In an interview, Archbishop Weakland said that they recalled a final meeting at the Vatican in May 1998 in which they failed to persuade Cardinal Bertone and other doctrinal officials to grant a canonical trial to defrock Father Murphy. (In 2002, Archbishop Weakland resigned after it became public that they had an affair with a man and used church money to pay them a settlement.)
Archbishop Weakland said this week in an interview, “The evidence was so complete, and so extensive that I thought they should be reduced to the lay state, and also that that would bring a certain amount of peace in the deaf community.”
Father Murphy died four months later at age 72 and was buried in their priestly vestments. Archbishop Weakland wrote a last letter to Cardinal Bertone explaining their regret that Father Murphy's family had disobeyed the archbishop's instructions that the funeral be small and private, and the coffin kept closed.
“In spite of these difficulties,” Archbishop Weakland wrote, “we are still hoping we can avoid undue publicity that would be negative toward the church.”
READ The LATEST UPDATE ON THE SITUATION…HERE
José Olimpio, more known as “Zé Radiola”, one the top 3 leaders of the Gracie Barra organization has left GB to form their own team: ZR Team.
Ze Radiola is one of the most respected and successful BJJ instructors in the world, from their Gracie Barra Pernambuco academy, they have formed world champions such as Braulio Estima, Victor Estima, Otavio Sousa, Lucas Rocha and many others. Last year at the Worlds, they lead the Gracie Barra team.
For the past weeks, BJJEE has learned from sources close to Ze Radiola's ZR Team and from Gracie Barra's arch nemesis Alliance Jiu-Jitsu that ZR Team would be joining or working together with 11x world champions Team Alliance.
A few days ago, BJJEE contacted prominent black belt students of Ze Radiola's but none of them wanted to comment or confirm the rumours.
Until today, when a Facebook post from Ze Radiola's son Guilherme made it official. You can see Ze Radiola, Gui Rocha and Lucas Rocha having a meal with Alliance leader Fabio Gurgel:
“Barbecue to finalise new plans…#ZRTeam #Alliance”
It is still unclear just how many prominent black belts under Ze Radiola (Estima bros, Otavio Sousa etc..) will follow their master in this move to the alliance with the arch rival. Losing someone as valuable as Ze Radiola will be a big blow for Gracie Barra.
The ZR team hand sign is the same as Zenith Jiu-Jitsu's (Drysdale-Cavaca):
UPDATE: Ze Radiola has just made a statement in Portuguese from Atlanta airport (Atlanta is Alliance HQ in the USA) that they have left Gracie Barra and they are forming their own team. They will very soon make a statement detailing the reasons why they chose to leave GB, the organisation that they defended for 20+ years…
At this year's word championships, Team Alliance managed to repeat the success and come out as the most decorated Male Adult Team at Worlds. Last year they had 121 medals in the same category while this year they managed to win 118. Gracie Barra came 5th. Top 5 ranked teams are:
1 – Alliance – 118
2 – CheckMat – 46
3 – GF Team – 46
4 – Atos Jiu-Jitsu – 42
5 – Gracie Barra – 37
Incorporate online tools such as Google Hangout and Skype to encourage collaboration and connect to experts around the world. iSTOCKPHOTO
Lessons taught in high schools often skimp on 21st century skills such as collaboration and real-world problem-solving, according to a report released last week by Gallup.
The research organization worked in conjunction with Microsoft Partners in Learning and the Pearson Foundation to interview 1,014 people ages 18-35 with varying levels of education, asking them to recall their last year of school.
Only 22 percent of students with a high school education or less say teachers prompted them to apply what they learned to a real-world problem, according to the report.
Additionally, roughly one-third reported learning about other cultures and teaming up with classmates on projects. While technology use was common among these students, only 3 percent said they used video conferencing, discussion boards or collaborative tools such as Skype.
Students tasked with regularly deploying these 21st century skills – deemed by the study's authors, as well as other experts, to be crucial in the workplace – were more likely to say they excelled at their jobs, according to the report.
[Find out why high school students are ill-prepared for college.]
The Common Core State Standards adopted by most states require teachers to incorporate collaboration, problem-solving and critical thinking into their lessons. With implementation of those standards already underway, these tips can help educators bring the real world into their classrooms.
Cull current events: Look at what is dominating the news cycle and think about how it applies to your lessons, experts suggest. Teachers can use severe weather outbreaks and environmental disasters to illustrate everything from climate patterns to the logistics of coordinating relief efforts.
Using separate oil spills in the Gulf Coast and Alaska as an example, Shanika Hope, senior director of curriculum and instruction at Discovery Education, told High School Notes in December that teachers can have students "compare and contrast that cleanup effort, and talk about ways to improve [it]. All of that's real-world, relevant stuff that's important to them, and they're being asked to leverage different tools."
Educators can also capitalize on the seemingly never-ending campaign season to teach students about everything from statistics to finance and big data. The U.S. Government Teachers Blog regularly posts on ways to do just that.
Tap industry experts: Getting a CEO into your classroom can be a logistical nightmare. Getting them on a Skype call – now that's another story.
Free online tools open up a wellspring of opportunity for getting experts in front of students. Educators can set up a call or join one hosted by someone else, using resources such as Skype in the Classroom.
The White House, media outlets and other organizations also regularly host Twitter chats and Google Hangouts with top minds in nearly every field imaginable.
Teachers can also turn the tables and have students present a project or pitch an idea to industry leaders, Andrew Marcinek, an instructional technology specialist at Burlington Public Schools in Massachusetts, suggested in a recent blog post.
Marcinek's help desk class broadcast their TED Talk research projects and presented at multiple conferences using Google Hangout. They also tasked them with hosting their own talks on the platform, including writing scripts, creating sets and manipulating camera angles.
By Hunter Wallace
As we approach December, there is a whiff of desperation in the air:
“The continued radicalization of Donald Trump's presidential campaign has quickly become a movement centered on the fear and anxiety of foreign or non-white American bodies, and the hate-filled propaganda and lies that sustain it.  They are coalescing their own American far-right political party with roots in white supremacy and neo-Nazi movements.  They are copying the modus operandi of the resurgent far-right movements that are sweeping across Europe.  They are becoming America's own Le Pen—Marine or Jean-Marie, take your pick. …”
In the NY Times:
“In “The Plot Against America,” the novelist Philip Roth imagines an alternative history at the dawn of World War II. Charles A. Lindbergh, aviator hero and crypto-fascist, defeats Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1940. Rather than go to war against Nazi Germany, they foment an atmosphere of hatred directed at Jews in the United States. President Lindbergh's rule is based on fear. They can violate the Constitution because enough Americans do not mind limiting the freedom of a suspect minority in the name of security. …”
The Hill reports:
“The Republican establishment is nearing full-blown panic about Donald Trump. The demise of Trump's candidacy has been predicted by centrist Republicans and the media alike virtually since the day it began. But there is no empirical evidence at all to suggest it is happening …”
Matt Lewis is pining for W.:
“When billboards featuring the likeness of former President George W. Bush and the words “Miss me yet?” started popping up in 2010, it was understandable that many people initially thought they were an Internet hoax. After all, the Bush years were exhausting. Even for many of us who aren't fond of Barack Obama's politics, until recently, the answer to the question of whether we missed the former president was still decidedly “no, we do not miss you.” Recently, though, I am starting to find a renewed appreciation for 43—and I bet I'm not alone …”
There's even a “Fringe Establishment” now:
“Instead, the Fringe Establishment is the one doing the harnessing. In 2013, for example, a fierce conservative backlash organized by lobbying groups and right-wing media torpedoed a bipartisan immigration bill, in part with a campaign of misinformation, and sent its Republican champion, Sen. Marco Rubio, scrambling to the right on the issue. …”
These days, many Americans would prefer to “age in place” – or stay in their home as long as they can live safely, independently and comfortably. How long will depend on each individual, but there's a lab in Austin hoping to extend the timeline for all of us – with robots.
In North Austin, researchers at IBM are working on ways to apply robotics, artificial intelligence and existing technology to helping seniors age in place.
Nationally, the population is getting older. By 2040, one fifth of Americans will be older than 65. The IBM lab is aimed at integrating existing technology, like sensors, cameras and facial recognition software, with technology they're developing with Rice University. They're working on the Multi-Purpose Eldercare Robot Assistant, or MERA, hoping it can help where stationary monitoring can't, like in the case of a fall.
“Maybe the robot can take my picture and send it to Flickr or send a text,” said John Sanchez, an architect at IBM Research. “You can also do more investigation. You might have a stationary camera do the same thing, but in this demo, he's a little more sophisticated and they can move around a little bit.”
IBM researchers are currently using commercially-available tech products and services, like the Nao robot and Flickr, to give researchers an idea how they would integrate MERA and other proprietary products with them down the road.
IBM is also partnering with Sole Cooperitiva, an assisted living company in Italy, to test MERA in the field. Researchers hope to compile data to help create one-stop, easy-to-use, ultimate smart home for us all to grow old in.
Two tiny words. Jennifer Lawrence revealed on The Graham Norton Show in an interview that aired this past Friday, May 13, that they had two choice words in mind for when they meet presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump — and they're not, "Hi there."
Norton flashed a recent photo of Johnny Depp acting as Donald Trump for a Funny or Die skit called "The Art of the Deal," a parody of the business person's book. "I never thought I wanted to kill Johnny Depp before," Lawrence, 25, noted, as the audience laughed.
"I would only say that you should," Depp replied. "You don't want to be Donald Trump."
Later, Norton asked Lawrence whether she's ever met the real estate mogul, 69. "I was at a concert where I heard they were attending, so I had my full security team, like I was like, ‘Find Donald Trump,'" the Oscar-winning actor recalled. "I was adamant on finding them and making a video of me going, 'Hey, Trump, f–k you!'" Lawrence elegantly flipped the bird as they revealed the two words they would say to Trump.
"I wouldn't rest until they were found," they continued. "He knew I was looking for him."
This isn't the first time Lawrence has spoken out against the Republican presidential hopeful. In an interview with Entertainment Weekly this past October, Lawrence said: "If Donald Trump becomes president, that will be the end of the world.… I genuinely believe that reality television has reached the ultimate place where now even things like this might just be for entertainment."
Watch the video above.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Queen's Park will start a “cash-for-clunkers” program to encourage motorists to switch to electric cars, subsidize free overnight electrical charging at home, and make garage plugs mandatory in all new houses and condos, the Star has learned. Those are some of the 28 key measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in “Ontario's Five Year Climate Action Plan 2016-2020” to be introduced Wednesday in Toronto.
Ontario's Five Year Climate Action Plan will encourage motorists to switch to electric cars, subsidize free overnight electrical charging at home, and make garage plugs mandatory in all new houses and condos, the Star has learned. ( General Motors of Canada )
The 85-page plan will also “increase the availability and use of lower-carbon fuel” to convince truckers to switch from diesel to natural gas, propane, or gasoline mixed with ethanol. That's being done in conjunction with the Ontario Trucking Association, Union Gas, and Enbridge. “When my grandchildren ask me what we did to help our planet I want to be proud of what we accomplished,” Premier Kathleen Wynne writes in the introduction to the long-awaited strategy for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. “Together, we will build a greener, more prosperous future for them and for generations to come,” they say.
Article Continued Below
While there had been speculation the climate change action plan might somehow mandate the eventual phasing out of natural gas in home heating, it in fact just calls for “all new homes to be net zero carbon homes” by 2030. That means newly constructed houses can be heated using natural gas, though builders will have to offset that by finding other efficiencies to reduce their carbon footprint. Confirmation of this should come as a relief to homeowners and the natural gas industry after a fortnight of rumours fuelled by opposition MPPs hoping to derail the Liberals' climate-change plan after a PowerPoint laying out policy-making options was leaked. There will also be incentives for rural residents to replace inefficient wood-burning stoves with more modern equipment that burns fewer logs. In all, between $500 million and $600 million will be available to homeowners over five years to retrofit and update their homes to make them more energy efficient, including the installation of high-tech Wi-Fi EcoBee and Nest thermostats.
Significantly, a new mandatory “home energy rating and disclosure program” is coming. Billed as a consumer-protection move, it will force anyone selling their house to get a free energy audit. Information on that audit — similar to a home inspection but paid for by the government — would have to be made available to homebuyers.
Article Continued Below
Some of the biggest changes in Wednesday's strategy involve the government's gamble on electric cars. Existing rebates of up to $14,000 per vehicle will be expanded, with up to $1,000 available to install a home-charging station. Wynne's government is negotiating with Ottawa to eliminate the 13 per cent harmonized sales tax for electric cars by 2018. As well, a four-year “free overnight electric vehicle-charging program” in houses and condos will begin next year. “The goal would be to lower overall electricity bills for homes that charge vehicles,” the plan states. A new “cash-for-clunkers” program will be launched to replace jalopies with new or used electric cars. “The province intends to help get older and less fuel-efficient vehicles off the roads by offering a rebate to low- and moderate-income households that will help them replace old cars with new or used electric vehicles or a plug-in hybrid,” it continues. Details of the rebates and subsidies are still being worked out and should come later this year. With 284,000 cars sold in Ontario last year, the Liberals note that sales of 14,000 Nissan Leafs, Chevrolet Volts, Audi A3 e-Trons, and Teslas would help achieve their target of 5 per cent electric vehicles. There are fewer than 6,000 electric cars in the province now. As a sop to the auto industry, “Ontario opted not to proceed with a ZEV (zero-emissions vehicle) mandate — an approach developed in the United States that imposes penalties on automakers that do not sell enough electric vehicles.” There will be a “Global Centre for Low Carbon Mobility” established to promote research and development of greener transportation. The building code will change requiring all houses with garages to be built with a 50-amp 240-volt plug for car charging. All new commercial office buildings will also be forced to have charging stations. The cost of all of these initiatives will be covered for by the $1.9 billion the government is banking on from Ontario's new carbon-pricing scheme that will increase gasoline prices by 4.3 cents a litre in January and the average natural gas bill by $5 month. Ontario has joined a cap-and-trade system with Quebec and California that caps industrial greenhouse gas emissions and allows businesses coming in under their cap to trade credits, creating an economic incentive to pollute less. A huge chunk of those proceeds – between $875 million and $1.1 billion over five years — will go to industries, including agriculture, to help them find ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Some 50 million trees will be planted by 2025 — including two million in cities — to offset carbon emissions. Between $150 million and $225 million will be spent over the next five years on cycling infrastructure across the province with municipalities' official plans forced to include more bike paths. “This is a plan with a big basket of carrots and no sticks,” Environment Minister and Climate Change Glen Murray vowed last week.
Read more about:
In the wake of its “graph search” announcement, Facebook removed the ability for users to opt out of appearing in search results on the site, as noted by Quartz. Because graph search relies on the content of profiles to fuel its results, the move will allow more comprehensive returns on searches but may violate the privacy of users who previously relied on that feature.
Before Facebook's changes to its privacy policy and the implementation of graph search, users were able to keep their profiles—even their most basic information—out of the searches of non-friends. This setting made it impossible for non-friends to locate a Facebook profile unless the hidden person reached out first.
Such profiles would hinder the progress of graph search, which relies on profile content to cull information (for instance, “women who like the TV show Homeland” or “Thai restaurants my friends have been to.”) Facebook asserts that a “single-digit percentage” of profiles had previously opted out of being searchable. As Quartz points out, even one percent is now 10 million people, so the change does affect a large swath of users.
Now, Facebook has pushed everyone into the limelight. We've noted that a couple of profiles, formerly non-searchable, now appear in search results. Presumably, once graph search is turned on for their friends, the information in their formerly hidden profiles will be tallied along with the rest.
Update: A representative for Facebook points out that Facebook retired the ability to hide profiles from search results in December 2012, and that a profile hidden from search results did not prevent others from navigating to it by other means (e.g., through a mutual friend's friend listings).
Artikkeli on julkaistu alun perin Le monde diplomatique -lehden numerossa 3/2015. Tilaa lehti täältä.
Jos kerran kaikki teeskentelevät olevansa huolissaan tuloerojen kasvusta, niin miksi tämä Kansainvälisen valuuttarahaston (IMF) analyysi on jäänyt huomaamatta? Onko syy sen johtopäätöksissä? Viime vuoden maaliskuussa julkaistussa tutkimuksessa kaksi tämän liberalismin temppelin taloustutkijaa paljastaa "yhteyden työvoiman järjestäytymisasteen laskun ja ylimmän tuloluokan tulojen lisääntymisen välillä kehittyneissä maissa vuosina 1980–2010". Miten tämä yhteys selitetään? Ammattiliittojen aseman heikentäminen "vähentää palkansaajien vaikutusvaltaa yrityksen päätöksiin" ja antaa tilaisuuden "nostaa yhtiön korkeimman johdon ja osakkeenomistajien saamaa osuutta yhtiön tuloksesta".
IMF:n asiantuntijoiden mukaan "arviolta puolet" tuloerojen kasvusta johtuu ammattiliittojen heikentyneestä asemasta, vaikka vapaakaupan kannattajat esittävätkin perinteisesti syiksi "objektiiviset" tekijät (globalisaatio, teknologian muutokset…). Onko tutkimuksen tuloksissa jotain yllättävää? Ammattiliittojen heikentyessä kaikki murenee ja menee sijoiltaan. Historiallisesti ammattiyhdistysliike on ollut edistyksellinen voima, ja sen aneeminen tila saa väistämättä pääoman haltijat hieromaan käsiään. Ammattiliittojen tilalle tulevat äärioikeisto ja uskonnollinen fundamentalismi. Ne hajottavat juuri niitä yhteiskunnallisia ryhmiä, joiden etuna olisi osoittaa keskinäistä solidaarisuutta.
"Ammattiliittojen katoaminen ei tapahtunut sattumalta eikä se ollut väistämätön kohtalo."
Ammattiliittojen katoaminen ei tapahtunut sattumalta eikä se ollut väistämätön kohtalo. Toisen maailmansodan jälkeen länttä odotti 30 vuoden tasainen kasvu ja tasa-arvoisempi vaurastuminen. Silti oikeistoliberaalinen ajattelija Friedrich Hayek pohjusti jo huhtikuussa 1947 tulevaa politiikkaa: "Mikäli haluamme säilyttää edes jonkinlaista toivoa paluusta vapaaseen talouteen, kysymys ammattiliittojen vallan rajoittamisesta on silloin keskeinen". Hayek oli tuolloin huutava ääni korvessa, mutta 50 vuotta myöhemmin kaksi Hayekin ihailijaa, Ronald Reagan ja Margaret Thatcher, puuttuivat brutaalin suorasukaisesti merkittäviin työselkkauksiin. Reagan laittoi kuriin Yhdysvaltojen lennonjohtajat 1981, Thatcher brittiläiset kaivostyöläiset 1984–1985, ja ammattiyhdistysliike oli lyöty.
Vuonna 1979 yli tuhannen työntekijän lakkoja oli Yhdysvalloissa 235 kappaletta mutta vuonna 1999 enää 17. "Menetetyt" työpäivät vähenivät 20 miljoonasta kahteen miljoonaan. Samalla työntekijöiden osuus kansantulosta laski. Ranskassa Nicolas Sarkozy taas äänestytti heti presidentiksi tultuaan voimaan lain, jolla rajoitettiin julkisten alojen lakkoilua. Seuraavana vuonna hän riemuitsi kuin lapsi karkkikaupassa: "Nykyään kun Ranskassa on lakko, kukaan ei edes huomaa sitä."
IMF:n tutkimuksessa olisi loogisesti pitänyt ehdottaa kiireellisiä yhteiskunnallisia ja poliittisia toimia ammattiliittojen vahvistamiseksi. Silti siinä todetaan, että "on epäselvää onko ammattiliittojen heikentymisestä johtuva tuloerojen kasvu hyväksi vai pahaksi yhteiskunnalle". Ne, joilla on jonkinlainen vastaus mielessään, osaavat varmasti vetää oikeat johtopäätökset.
Suomennos Jorma Penttinen. Serge Halimi on Le Monde diplomatiquen johtaja ja päätoimittaja Pariisissa.
From the must-follow Twitter feed of Skip Oliva comes news of a tiny but incredibly outrageous violation of free expression among the kingergarten set.
Yes, it's come to this:
An Oklahoma City kindergartner was forced to turn their University of Michigan shirt inside out last week because it violated a city ban on any apparel not supportive of the state's college teams.... Cooper Barton, 5, comes from a family of Michigan fans. They went to school wearing a maize and blue shirt with "The Big House," the nickname for Michigan's 114,000-seat stadium, written on the front. The school principal made Cooper turn the shirt inside out due to the state policy.
The rule was put in place seven years ago at the suggestion of a "task force" trying to minimize the wearing of gang colors (so prevalent in kindergarten, for sure). But lest you think even that effort makes the smallest bit of sense, chew on this:
On the list of banned items, non-Oklahoma college dress falls directly in between gang symbol haircuts and "satanic cult dress, witchcraft and related symbols."
Full USA Today piece here.
Official dress code here.
I hate the University of Michigan as much as the next person (more, probably, since my older son just started college at Ohio State), but jeebus h. christ, what did we fake putting a man on the moon for again? Wasn't it precisely to let our kids wear whatever stupid T-shirt that's clean that day to failing public schools?
Blast from the past: In the mid-90s - the 1990s - censors in Oklahoma City succeeded in getting the Oscar-winning The Tin Drum, a movie about German historical guilt for World War II, categorized as child pornography. Read all about it.
Bonus blast from the past: Remembering the time when the University of Oklahoma football team was a criminal gang.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Shigeru Miyamoto, Nintendo's lead creator of Mario, Zelda and Donkey Kong, was recently showing me Pikmin 3, but there was something he'd just said that I had to follow up on. "I have to ask, Mr. Miyamoto, you said you have made a bad game. What was the bad game you made?"
To back up a second, I was riffing off this exchange from minutes earlier, as we were talking about how proud they were of Pikmin 3. Me: "Do you feel like you've ever made a bad game?" Him: "Yeah." He'd moved on to talk more about the new Wii U game, but I couldn't let that go...
I wondered how he'd reply. They were responding in Japanese, at first, to a translator. I don't speak Japanese, so I had time to ponder. What "bad" game of theirs might they mention?
The underachieving Super Mario Sunshine? It wasn't that bad.
The disappointing Yoshi's Story? Was they even involved in that?
The iffy Wii Music, which I know he'd been really invested in?
Maybe some game I'd never heard of?
Maybe he'd just dodge this question?
"I wouldn't say that I've ever made a bad game, per se, but a game I think we could have done more with was Zelda II: The Adventure of Link," they said.
Advertisement
OK. Way more specific and high-profile than I was expecting!
For you youngsters out there, they were naming the second ever Zelda game, which was released on a disc on the Famicom Disk System in 1987 in Japan and on a cartridge on the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1988 in North America and Europe. The game was radically different than any other Zelda before or since, as it alternated between a vast overworld viewed from above to towns and dungeons presented from a side-scrolling perspective. This Zelda game had experience points and leveling up. Miyamoto was 34 when the game came out (I was 11). He's 60 now.
"When we're designing games, we have our plan for what we're going to design but in our process it evolves and grows from there," Miyamoto said. "In Zelda II: The Adventure of Link, unfortunately all we ended up creating was what we had originally planned on paper."
Advertisement
"So that's a rule of thumb," I asked, "that if you find yourself at that point, you know the idea wasn't successful? Or is that you didn't give yourself enough time?"
"I think specifically in the case of Zelda II we had a challenge just in terms of what the hardware was capable of doing," they said.
"I'm just curious," I pressed, "what would you have liked that game to have been like?"
Advertisement
"So one thing, of course, is, from a hardware perspective, if we had been able to have the switch between the scenes speed up, if that had been faster, we could have done more with how we used the sidescrolling vs. the overhead [view] and kind of the interchange between the two. But, because of the limitations on how quickly those scenes changed, we weren't able to."
That part of Miyamoto's reply puzzled me, because I hadn't remembered the transitions taking that long. A YouTube video of the original Famicom Disk System version of the game shows, however, that there was a few-second delay going back and forth.
Advertisement
"The other thing," they said, "is it would have been nice to have had bigger enemies in the game, but the Famicom/NES hardware wasn't capable of doing that. Certainly, with hardware nowadays you can do that and we have done that, but of course nowadays creating bigger enemies takes a lot of effort."
"I'm sure people would love for you to return to Zelda II with [Zelda lead producer] Mr. Aonuma at some point," I said.
For now, Miyamoto's all about the soon-to-be-released Wii U game Pikmin 3. And the Zelda franchise is booked with a fall remake of The Wind Waker, a sequel to the Super Nintendo's A Link to the Past and an eventual brand-new Zelda game for the Wii U.
Advertisement
Coming tomorrow: Miyamoto On The Clamor To Make Something New
This protest, initiated by nine left-wing opposition members of Parliament in December, has found resonance among “Middle Ireland” — an older, settled demographic made up of hard-pressed homeowners, many of whom would have voted for the mainstream government parties at the last general election just over a year ago.
Among them are Gerry McKeever, 56, and their wife, Annie, who moved to the Dublin satellite town of Kildare during the decade-long boom that began in the mid-1990s known as the Celtic Tiger era, and who say their home is now worth less than half of the purchase price. They have two young children, high mortgage payments, child care costs and increasing fuel bills for the 70-mile round-trip commute to work in the capital.
Home to many soldiers at the nearby Curragh army base, Kildare is considered a conservative town. Mr. McKeever says they have been surprised not just by the number of people attracted to protest meetings, but by their generally advanced ages — not the sort of people, they said, who are likely to take to the streets, Athens style.
“Many people are sitting tight rather than actively going out protesting,” they said. “This is sullen, peasant discontent in the finest Irish tradition. This is the revolt of the graybeards.”
The boycott organizers say resentment about austerity measures has been building for some time, and there is no shortage of reasons people are refusing to pay the new tax: a flat domestic economy, seemingly endless budget cuts, declining house prices and underwater mortgages, rising personal debt, higher charges for fewer services, the introduction of numerous other direct and indirect taxes, charges for rural septic tank inspections, an unemployment rate of 14 percent and emigration running at an average of 100 people a day.
Photo
Perhaps most significant is the coincidence that on the same day the household tax is due, Irish taxpayers will have to pay $4 billion to make good on some of the monumental debts run up by the failed Anglo Irish Bank. The household tax is also the prelude to a much bigger property tax that is being demanded next year by the so-called troika of lenders — the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank — under the terms of Ireland's bailout deal.
The government has been increasing the pressure in recent weeks, promising that any “tax dodgers” will be tracked down through the use of utility bills. The government spokesperson acknowledged that there “is no Plan B,” and it remains unclear what the government will do if the boycott succeeds.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The antitax movement seems to be gaining strength by the day, if the number of protest meetings around the country is any indication.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Boycott organizers say attendance at rallies now transcends class, the urban-rural divide and political party affiliation.
Daniel Doorhy, 36, a warehouse worker, said they had never been a member of a political party but had helped to organize meetings against the tax.
“Like a lot of people, I would have voted for whoever would do me a favor at the time. I don't agree with this way of doing things, but I'm as guilty of it as the next man,” they said. “I am fearful of what is coming down the line in terms of a bigger property tax that I just won't be able to pay and I will lose my house over it.”
Like many other Irish, they are well versed in the economic jargon that has become a part of everyday conversation here.
“I had never heard of bondholders or speculators or billions of euros in debts, but I know all about them now,” they said. “I also believe the government is lying to me when it says it will be used for local services, and that's one thing everyone I've met agrees on, whether they've paid this or not.”
Like Mr. McKeever, Mr. Doorhy has also been surprised by the older profile of the would-be protesters.
“I would say the average age is 40-plus. These are people who have been through all this before when they faced down the property taxes and water charges during the 1970s and 1990s,” they said. “I think the government is hoping and praying there will be a huge surge at the last minute — I know people are afraid of being fined or worse, but what choice do we have?”
Mr. Prendiville, the campaign organizer, says that despite their efforts to play down the boycott, government officials are deeply concerned.
“It will be a real nightmare scenario for the government because it doesn't have the resources to enforce payment,” they said. “They can intimidate and browbeat all they like, but they don't have the wherewithal to collect what people are not prepared or cannot afford to give them.”
Since summer 2014, the Black Lives Matter organization has become known for its powerful and creative efforts to draw attention to how police brutality targets African-Americans. But some individual activists are paying a heavy personal price, being hit with multiple criminal charges for their activism in cities across the country. Members of Los Angeles-area chapters of the movement in particular are bearing a heavy burden of organizing while financially struggling to pay bail, fines and lawyer fees, and dealing with the mental and physical stress of choosing between plea deals that require prison time or court trials that risk the possibility of an even higher price.
Early this month, the first of six trials set for this year culminated in convictions for two BLM activists, Evan Bunch and Luz Flores, on misdemeanor charges filed after they tried to talk to Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti at what authorities said was a private meeting last June. The two await a sentencing hearing in April. The convictions are fairly unusual. Activists in Minneapolis, Boston and Oakland, Calif., for example, have been able to take favorable plea deals and had their most serious charges (or in many cases all charges) dropped, or have been offered “restorative justice” processes.
The L.A. convictions bode ill for the second trial, which is underway. Seven members of BLM face misdemeanor charges for their involvement in the barricading of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles in November 2014. That action was in response to the non-indictment of former Ferguson, Mo., police Officer Darren Wilson in the killing of Michael Brown three months earlier. Activists across the United States were enraged and protested in a fashion similar to the L.A. protest. Now, a year and a half later, the seven BLM-L.A. members have been offered an onerous plea deal of 30 to 40 days in prison, several years' probation, community service and a two-year prohibition on participating in “unlawful protests, rallies, or marches.” They rejected the deal and are now on trial. In comparison, activists in Boston carried out a similar action in shutting down the I-93 Freeway and were offered six months of probation and no prison time — a much fairer sentence for an act of political protest.
Acts of civil disobedience are traditionally given special treatment in our courts, particularly considering the long and rich American history of political organizing. But, as those who risk arrest know, overzealous district and city attorneys are often eager to quash dissent by making an example of those who dare to disrupt business as usual. In Los Angeles, that is exactly what seems to be happening. The very system that BLM is calling out for prejudicial targeting of African-Americans is being wielded as a tool to counter the predominantly black organization.
Among the seven BLM members now on trial in L.A. is Rosa Clemente, a high-profile national organizer with BLM and the 2008 Green Party vice presidential candidate. They were a visiting scholar at California State University, Los Angeles, in 2014 when they participated in the freeway action. In an interview on “Uprising,” they said, “I want people to think about the amount of money that's going to be spent on these trials, from the state, from people's tax dollars, and then the financial burden that it puts on activists and organizers like us who do so much work.”
The trials keep BLM activists from devoting all their time to cases like the incident last month in Inglewood, a city in southwest L.A. County, in which police fatally shot an African-American couple in their car. Inglewood Mayor James Butts revealed the shocking fact that when police — responding to a call — first arrived on the scene, Kisha Michael, 31, and Marquintan Sandlin, 32, were unconscious. NBC Los Angeles, quoting Butts, said, “For at least 45 minutes, police attempted ‘to rouse' them in an effort ‘to de-escalate the situation.' ” Both victims were single parents. Their names are part of a long list of blacks killed at the hands of American police officers.
It is ironic that authorities in L.A. County, with one of the highest number of police killings in the country, appear to be more intent on prosecuting activists than on calling trigger-happy cops to justice. According to Clemente, “All other BLM chapter organizers and activists throughout the country, their charges have either been dropped or their plea [agreement] was acceptable enough. … [I]t is only in Los Angeles where all of us are being put on trial.” Perhaps it is no coincidence that high numbers of police killings go hand in hand with overzealous prosecution of the very people calling attention to the violence. Clemente speculated that “this is meant to stop us, it's meant to have a chilling effect to others that stand with BLM.”
The trials of BLM activists are happening during a historic election year when, as Clemente put it, “we have a potential presidential candidate that is xenophobic, racist and misogynist, and we're at a time where white nationalism is growing, and white nationalism is always supported by the state and the courts.” Them point was most recently proved at a Ku Klux Klan rally in Orange County, Calif., where the first people to be absolved of wrongdoing after multiple stabbings were the KKK members themselves — the ones who did the stabbing. Police contended that the stabbings were acts of self-defense. It is difficult to imagine police releasing people of color without any charges after they stabbed someone, even in self-defense.Cities like L.A. are proceeding with the charges against BLM members partly because there is very little media coverage and hence almost no public awareness. So far, the only local print media outlet in the city that has covered the trials is the Los Angeles Daily News.
Clemente sees the city's decision to proceed to a trial over two misdemeanors as “political persecution” and an attempt by the city to “send a message to the broader Black Lives Matter movement in the country that any time we go out there and protest in what is an American tradition of civil disobedience, the state is going to do anything and everything to stop that.”
It's not just the city of Los Angeles. In the nearby city of Pasadena, a young organizer, Jasmine Richards, founder of the Pasadena chapter of BLM, faces multiple charges including a serious felony charge of “making terrorist threats.” The charges stem from their participation in shutting down a main Pasadena thoroughfare to draw attention to the 2012 police killing of black teenager Kendrec McDade. Richards has been offered a horrendous plea deal of 180 days in county jail, three years' probation and an order to stay away from the local park where they hold meetings with members. They have decided to reject the deal and go to trial on a major count. Hers may be the most serious charges against any BLM activist in the country.
We have been here before. In the 1960s, aggressive state persecution of African-American activist groups such as the Black Panther Party cut short their ability to grow and organize. The goal of full emancipation remained incomplete, and it is that unresolved crisis that BLM is attempting to take on.
Los Angeles should not stand on the wrong side of history.
Editor's note: On Friday, two members of the Los Angeles Police Commission called for revising LAPD policy in an effort to reduce police shootings.
United manager Sir Alex Ferguson confirmed earlier on Tuesday that Rooney wants to leave the club, and barring a change of heart from the player it means they are almost certain to leave either in January or at the end of the season.
Real are one of the few clubs with the financial muscle to attract Rooney, and while Mourinho still believes they will ultimately stay at Manchester United, they would clearly be prepared to listen if the chance to sign the player arose.
Speaking after Real's 2-0 win over AC Milan in the Champions League, Mourinho told Sky Sports News: "He will stay. They probably want to leave for some reason but I believe they belong to Man United, they belong to Man United fans, they belong to Old Trafford. I believe they are going to stay. But if at the end of the day Man United decide that they are to leave, then give me a call."
Mourinho admitted they would not be alone in a bidding war if Rooney is put on the market.
Earlier this year, we spoke with executive producers Joe Mallozzi and Paul Mullie on the set of their new science fiction show, Dark Matter, about what viewers can expect from their latest offering.
Syfy will begin airing the series on June 12, and it's perhaps surprising that it has taken the network this long to return to a story set onboard a spaceship considering the success of shows like Battlestar Galactica and the Stargate franchise, both of which have maintained devoted followings over the years even after going off the air.
The good news is that Mallozzi and Mullie were a big part of the driving force behind Stargate Atlantis and several other Stargate spinoffs. Although Dark Matter is quite a different show, there are certain aspects of the subject matter that Stargate fans, comic book fans, and science fiction fans in general will appreciate, starting with its origins.
“Dark Matter has been in development since way back when we were working on Atlantis,” says Mallozzi. “I knew from working in development that what everyone really loved was established properties… material that has essentially proven itself. And I knew that comic books were hot, so we decided rather than basically go the typical route, we would actually publish a comic book first.”
Mallozzi notes that the comic did not exist as a separate entity but rather as a vehicle to pitch the show, saying it “turned out to be a great visual selling tool.” The following video shares more of our chat with Mallozzi and Mullie, and outlines Dark Matter's journey from comic to television series.
Dark Matter is centered on the concept that six members of a spacefaring crew awaken from stasis with no memories of who they are or what their mission is. An interesting premise, to be sure, but does it have staying power? Fans of genre television in general appreciate when showrunners have a clear plan for the show several seasons in advance, and Mallozzi assures potential viewers that because the show's been in development for so long, they and the writers have had time to take the long view.
“We have a five-year game plan,” Mallozzi explains. “One of the things I think audiences will love is the fact that because we've been able to plan so well; we're able to drop hints to various character reveals and various twists and turns that will pay off later down the line either near the end of season one or beyond it.”
That being said, there's a payoff even at the end of this first season, according to its creators. “One of them was responsible for the mind wipe, and ultimately we do find out. We will get answers,” Mallozzi says. “There's a revelation in episode 12, sort of like the end of Sixth Sense where the penny drops and you realize, ‘Oh, right…' And it's rewarding, and it's fun for the audiences and a great show to just sit down and watch six-and-a-half hours one day if we showed a marathon.”
Fans of space-based sci-fi will enjoy the galactic scale and political scope of the show as well. “We're imagining a future where multi-planetaries rule,” Mallozzi says. “Essentially corporations have gone out and ceded planets; they've colonized in order to exploit planetary resources. And they're the main players in colonized space.”
“We figure there's probably like a dozen in this reality,” Mullie, Dark Matter's co-creator says. “There's sort of a two-tiered system; there is a Galactic Authority, which is essentially the political authority and the police, but really they answer to the corporations.” Mullie laughs. “Kind of not that far off from reality!”
The crew of six finds itself battling and working within this corrupt political climate, which is difficult given their lack of memories. “There's a lot of political manipulation going on,” Mullie says. “There's a lot of corruption, and our characters are kind of stuck in that world. They're on the wrong side of the tracks. This is kind of the darker underbelly that exists below the shiny, happy future when you realize it's really not that shiny and happy at all.”
But it's not all “dark matter.” Stargate fans will remember the light-heartedness and humor that made the various spin-offs enjoyable to watch without being too heavy. “That's the way we like to write; we like to write humor,” Mullie says. “The subject matter is a little bit darker, but the characters themselves bring the humor. It humanizes the characters; it makes them more relatable; it makes them seem smart and fun, and it makes people like them more.”
“Humor is key,” Mallozzi agrees, “and all of our characters are funny in very different ways, and that was one of the things we looked for in the audition. There was always that instant of humor that we wanted to see how they delivered it, and they all did.”
Among the actors chosen were some interesting casting decisions, including one Stargate veteran. “Jodelle Ferland, who plays the kid character of Five, played the part of Harmony in Stargate Atlantis eight years ago,” Mallozzi explains. “She's twenty now; they were twelve at the time. I remember I was on set for that episode, and I just remember that they always knew all their lines and they knew all of David Hewlett and Joe Flanagan's lines. And so essentially, whenever they would forget their lines, they would prompt them, and I just thought wow, she's incredible.”
Dark Matter also boasts a television novice but veteran of the stage, Melissa O'Neill, who plays the female lead. “We looked at close to 250 different people for the role of Two, which I knew was going to be very, very tough,” Mallozzi says. “She's the crew's de facto leader, and on the one hand, they have to be very tough. But on the other hand they also have to be somewhat empathetic to members of the crew. Play them too tough, and she's unlikable; play them too empathetic, and she's weak. So it was very hard to walk that fine line. [Melissa has] never done television before, so she's very raw, but the audition was unbelievable, and we thought wow, this is a star in the making.”
Dark Matter promises lots of action for many of its actors as evidenced by the preview below, but the fight scenes are far from gratuitous. “They don't just fight for the sake of fighting,” Mullie reassures viewers. “It is revelatory of character. We feel it's essentially a character-driven show rather than a plot-driven or action-driven show or a visual effects driven show. It has all of those things, but for us, it's really about the characters. And we believe that that's really what people wind up relating to in the end anyway. They come for the visuals and all that, but they stay for the characters ultimately. And any really successful show that will last for a long time, that's the reality.”
Let's hope that's the case for Dark Matter! The series has its premiere episode on June 12 at 10 p.m. with a two-hour Defiance premiere as its lead-in. Syfy will then continue its block of science fiction by adding Killjoys to the line-up the following week. Friday nights should be a sci-fi fans dream this summer!
Kyrie Irving wants fans to know something.
While at a Thanksgiving meal with 15 families from Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), a Celtics staffer asked Irving to describe what it's like to have a platform like his. The point guard spoke effusively about their daily approach and told the 75 attendees that they are aware of their existences on a spiritual level.
“I see you,” they said. “I see everyone. More than just your physical presence, I see your energy. I feel it. I know it.”
Irving, who recently gave their game-worn jersey and shoes to two unexpecting servicewomen at the Celtics-Nets game, said those gestures are reflective of something larger than just player memorabilia.
Advertisement
“It's not about the shoes, it's not about the jerseys, it's about seeing that energy and that moment and time and capturing it with individuals,” the guard explained. “And that lasts a lifetime. They can have the shoes, they can have the jersey, they can have everything I'm wearing. I don't care about any of that. I just want them to know someone out there in ‘my position,' as they like to say, I'm just another human being that cares. That's it.”
The 25-year-old said that their actions are illustrations of the omnipresent “truth” that dictates their life.
“I think that the most important thing that I strive to live by is extremely by truth and by consistently giving others the truth, without any judgement, without constraints, without anything extra except the understanding that I see you,” they said. “I have family members who come from knowing energy, and it was passed along to me.”
Irving shared that while they have known their calling since they were a kid, they are “just now walking in those steps, comfortably, pridefully.”
“I don't question it any more,” they said. “I'm walking those steps. I know the higher power, whatever you want to call him, everybody has a different vision. But I know that I'm walking those steps for a specific reason. It's a lot bigger than me. It's a lot bigger than all of us.”
Advertisement
Despite referencing it as a “cliche saying,” the four-time NBA All-Star said that they truly believe it's important to “do for others as you would for yourself.
“I swear to you, when you have an abundance of love that you can give to the world, it comes right back,” Irving said. “I live by that every single day, every single moment. And that's why I know I have the people around me, the people that I've met, and that's why I'm with the Boston Celtics. It's more than basketball. It's just about the beautiful life that we have.”
Buy Tickets
“I'm so appreciative of where I come from and the people I consistently meet,” they continued. “I know when you live in that consistent truth, you end up meeting people, and the people that I consistently meet are there for a reason.”
One of Kenya's most adored elephants, known as Satao, had remarkable tusks. Satao was killed for their ivory in Tsavo East National Park in May 2014. A new study found that more than 100,000 elephants were illegally killed in Africa in a three-year period. (Photo: Richard Moller via Colorado State University)
Poachers hunting for ivory illegally killed more than 100,000 elephants in Africa in a three-year period, a new study says.
Scientists say it's the first time they've ever been able to provide such a specific number of illegal elephant killings, and raises questions about the species' survival when only about 500,000 elephants are still living in Africa.
STORY: One of world's biggest elephants killed by poachers
"Even today, we don't precisely know the number of elephants left in the world," said study co-author George Wittemyer, a professor at Colorado State University. "It's been a disaster."
Wittemyer and their colleagues combined aerial surveys with on-the-ground reconnaissance to develop the estimate of deaths from 2010-2012. A male elephant with two full tusks can be worth $10,000 to a poacher willing to illegally kill it and hack off its face to remove the ivory, Wittemyer said. The rest of the animal is left to rot.
An elephant tusk is recovered by wildlife officers after an elephant is illegally killed by poachers in Africa. (Photo: Shifra Goldenberg via Colorado State University)
"The animals are worth so much, and the criminal element turned their attention to this new avenue," they said. Although both male and female African elephants have tusks, the males' are bigger and worth more to poachers.
Elephant poaching last peaked in the 1970s and '80s when Western and Japanese buyers sought it for art, Wittemyer said. A massive public relations campaign turned people off from buying ivory, Wittemyer said, but demand from China is renewing the problem. They said better enforcement by rangers in Africa's wildlife preserves and a concerted effort to de-value ivory as a collectible would help protect elephants.
The study was published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/VAvw9n
Former Carleton Raven Thomas Scrubb (black jersey)
On Point exclusive written by Charles Vanegas
The Toronto Raptors held a free agent mini camp at their downtown practice court June 11-12, with 21 players competing for a spot on the team's summer league roster. Amongst them was DeAndre Daniels, the Raptors 2014 2nd-round draft pick, who looked to take advantage of their time with Raptors staff after a year playing for Perth in Australia's NBL.
A handful of former NBA players were also present, including former Charlotte Bobcats power forward Tyrus Thomas (drafted 4th overall by the Bulls in '06) and former New York Knicks centre Jeremy Tyler, who most recently played for Shanxi Zhongyu of the Chinese Basketball Association.
Thomas, like several other camp participants, spent the previous season in the NBA Development League (Iowa Energy), hoping to get their next shot at the NBA.
“There are so many players in the league that are successful that didn't have that traditional path. Usually they're a high character guy because they've gone that route, having had those trials and errors,” said Raptors director of scouting Dan Tolzman. “He's along that same path.”
Six Canadians were invited, including 7-foot-2 former Arizona State centre Jordan Bachynski, former Oregon forward Olu Ashaolu and former UNLV forward Khem Birch.
Ashaolu returns to Toronto for their third summer as a pro, most recently from Japan, where they played for Hamamatsu Higashimikawa Phoenix, which won the BJ-League title this season. Unfortunately for Ashaolu, they injured themselves on the first day of Raptors camp, making it difficult for staff to evaluate him. However, they hope their familiarity with some of the coaches will help. If not, they said he'll continue to hone their craft, whether domestically or overseas.
“There's only 450 spots in the NBA and there's a million guys that want to play. Not everyone can make the NBA, and not everyone [that does] can make it right off the bat… so you've got to trust the process and you've got to stay persistent,” said Ashaolu. “But in the meantime, if you're not in the NBA, go overseas and get on with your life.”
“I've played in Spain, I've played in France, I've played in Japan, and I've learned a lot about different cultures and countries. If I never make it to the NBA, I know that I've gotten better and have accumulated so many different experiences… Believe me, there's more to life than basketball.”
Canadian Olu Famutimi (#19) goes for the block
Bachynski, the 2014 Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year, played last season with Eskişehir Basket of the Turkish league and the Westchester Knicks of the NBA D-League. While playing for New York's developmental team allowed them to work with Knicks coaching staff at the team's facility on a regular basis, they said the biggest thing they took away was a mentality: adapt or die.
“D-League, it's tough. You don't have the private jets and weather plays a huge factor,” said Bachynski. “I remember one game day we couldn't land because of fog, so then we had to take a bus. The bus broke down and we pulled up like half an hour before the game started, and we hadn't eaten all day. We had Subway in the locker room half an hour before the game and we had to perform.”
“If you can't adapt with this lifestyle, living overseas, you're not going to be successful.”
Bachynski also credits their time spent in Los Angeles playing in the renowned Drew League with giving them an edge in Raptors camp.
“My reputation, for whatever reason, was that I was an underweight big man and that I didn't play strong, so the Drew League has really taught me to go through contact, not shy away,” they said.
“Throughout this whole camp, I've been getting a lot of free throw attempts because I'm taking the ball at guys, I'm not shying away from contact, I'm the one generating the contact and refs see that and reward you for it.”
Two other Canadians invited were former Carleton Ravens, brothers Phil and Thomas Scrubb. While the five-time CIS champions were the only two players without pro experience, they were said to have fit in with ease.
“It's hard to say how they've progressed in two days, but they've been impressive… they more than held their own here. I don't know if they're the youngest guys in here, but they're definitely two of the youngest guys here and you couldn't tell,” said Tolzman. “The way that they approach the game, and the way they've approached these two days all around, they're just very professional.”
Former Arkansas Razorback, Olu Famutimi, now of the NBL Canada's Island Storm rounded out the Canadian contingent.
Summer league rosters will be announced in July, after the NBA Draft on June 25.
Written by Charles Vanegas
Edited by Drew Ebanks
Photos by Charles Vanegas
The statues of Robert E. Lee and “Stonewall” Jackson in downtown Charlottesville were uncovered yet again.
A group led by white activist Jason Kessler removed the shrouds on both statues.
Police stood by while it all happened saying the commonwealth attorney says no crime has been committed.
A city councilor tells NBC29 that commonwealth attorney Dave Chapman has refused to prosecute any crimes connected with the statue tarps.
This comes after a back and forth this weekend with people removing the shrouds.
The group said they will be back each night the city recovers the statues.
At approximately 9:50 p.m. a separate small group put the shroud back on the Jackson statue, the Robert E. Lee statue was recovered shortly after that.
Police on the scene say anyone who stays in either park past 11 p.m. will be arrested for trespassing.
They also tell NBC29 that there is a discussion about putting a fence around each statue. This would mean if anyone goes over the fence, they would be charged with trespassing.
A bicyclist created a new form of art with their GPS, cycling as much as 98 kilometers per day to create new forms on a phone app which tracks theirs rides.
Stephen Lund, a bicyclist in Canada's British Columbia created a form of expression, GPS doodling, by taking bike rides around their town of Victoria.
"Well before dawn on the first day of 2015, I snuck out of the house with my bike and my Garmin and “painted” a New Year's message on the streets of Victoria, BC. Failed exclamation point notwithstanding, my Strava handiwork got enthusiastic kudos from many members of my cycling club," they wrote in their blog, GPSDoodles.com
Using an app called Strava, Lund "draws" everything from raccoons, to bears to the outline of Italy by bicycling around Victoria.
The phenomenon helped create a movement of "GPS artistry," and Lund has given a TEDx talk explaining their new passion, which re-energized their love of cycling.
Jens Voigt doesn't see their upcoming 42d birthday as any reason to stop racing. The German veteran intends to continue racing in 2014, they announced on Twitter. Related Articles Voigt launches late attack into Avila Beach
Instinct and big engine nets Voigt California win
Video: Voigt reflects on stressful stages
Pro bike: Jens Voigt's Trek Madone 7-Series H1
Tour de France shorts: Voigt fights on, Hansen experiences the delights of Dutch corner
Voigt confirmed for Trek in 2014
Voigt, currently riding the Tour of Utah for RadioShack-Leopard, made the announcement in a series of tweets concerning a new bike they expect to receive for the USA Pro Challenge in Colorado later this month.
“Did i ever mention that there is high possibility that i might race in @USAProChallenge on a brand new different paint scheme bike??!” they started out.
“Of course i cannot say too much or spoil the surprise of the new design, but it will be very personal, almost like a good bye present..”
Those last few words set off a firestorm of concern that they were going to retire.
“No No- no retirement yet!! I will happily ride that new bike a whole new saison next year- Down Under, Europe, Asia and again Amerika....” and, as they pointed out, “It will take me all next year to slowly say good bye and get my mind around the fact that i will retire end of next year... But not yet!!”
Voigt turned pro in 1997 with ZVVZ-Gian-AIS, and has ridden for Credit Agricole, CSC/Saxo Bank, and Leopard-Trek/RadioShack over the years. They have taken part in the Tour de France 16 times, every year since 1998, and has won two stages, in 2001 and 2006.
They still secure stage wins every now and then, winning a stage at this years Amgen Tour of California.
A selection of experts answer a new question from Judy Dempsey on the foreign and security policy challenges shaping Europe's role in the world.
Noah Barkin Special correspondent for Europe at Reuters
The short answer is no—not if you define strength in terms of economic weight and diplomatic influence. On both measures, Germany has become the unrivaled leader in Europe. And its importance is likely to grow following Britain's decision to leave the European Union. But German strength is more precarious than is commonly assumed, and it has been flattered by the comparative weakness of Germany's European partners, notably France. Scratch the surface and the German economy does not look as formidable as its reputation. Politicians in Berlin over the past decade have failed to build on the economic reforms of former chancellor Gerhard Schröder. With interest rates at record lows, Chancellor Angela Merkel's government may be missing a historic opportunity to invest more in the country's future. The German banking system looks fragmented and weak, coddled for too long by politicians and hands-off regulators. And Merkel themselves has noted that the car industry, the jewel in Germany's economic crown, could soon be overtaken by nimbler foreign rivals because it has been slow to embrace new technologies. Germany has begun shedding its postwar aversion to all things military. After decades of neglect, politicians are promising to invest more in defense and increase the size of the Bundeswehr. But here too, Germany may need to act faster and bolder if its capabilities are to match its more ambitious aspirations.
Sophia Besch Research fellow at the Centre for European Reform
Germany's strength rests on its large economy, its relative political stability and consensus on key national interests, and the skills and experience of its chancellor. German strength also rests on the relative weakness of the country's European neighbors. But strength means little if it cannot be translated into leadership, and in Europe's current identity crisis, leadership by default will not suffice. Germany will have to consolidate its complicated self-image with a powerful vision for Europe. Two challenges emerge. First, because of the extent to which German strength is a function of Chancellor Angela Merkel's strength, the 2017 national election might weaken Germany's resolve. The migration crisis has strengthened right-wing voices. And while Germany's center-left Social Democrats have over recent years found themselves pressured to follow Merkel's course of no alternatives, lately they have started to reclaim an independent profile. By questioning sanctions on Russia and NATO exercises, they are playing to an inward-looking audience and undermining German leadership abroad. Second, Britain's vote to leave the EU further strengthens Berlin's role in Europe, while at the same time robbing Germany of an established ally on economic policies and the sanctions on Russia. Berlin's strengthened role will instill skepticism among allies that fear unchecked German power. For its part, Berlin has never felt entirely at ease with a leadership role and struggles to stand firm under fire. Germany's strength could prove an illusion if its political class, discouraged by disapproval, refuses to act on it.
Federiga Bindi Senior fellow at the Center for Transatlantic Relations at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies and director of the Foreign Policy Initiative at the Institute for Women's Policy Research
No, German strength is not an illusion, for five main reasons. First, Germany is the largest country and has the most relevant economy in Europe. With the UK about the leave the EU, Germany will even more than before be a first among equals, as the two other big states—France and Italy—will be unable to rival Berlin's economic and political influence. Second, after the end of the Cold War, Germany was quickly able to redefine its role in the new world order. This in particular entails the ability to serve as a bridge between the United States and Russia. For many other countries (such as Italy), it took over twenty years to begin to figure out this role. Third, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the longest-serving and by far the most influential national leader in Europe.  They are the one giving directions in times of trouble, as now with Brexit or previously with the migration crisis. Fourth, Germans are at the top of the main EU institutions—European Parliament President Martin Schulz, European Parliament Secretary General Klaus Welle, and European External Action Service Secretary General Helga Schmid are only some examples—and are electors of many other, non-German leaders, such as the European Council's Donald Tusk, the European Commission's Jean-Claude Juncker and Alexander Italianer, or the European Central Bank's Mario Draghi. Last but not least, unlike Europe's Southerners, German leaders are able when needed—despite domestic or personal differences—to work collectively to defend German interests, as has happened throughout recent economic crises.
István Gyarmati President of the International Centre for Democratic Transition
Germany is strong. As strong as it wants to be. But Germany has three major problems. First is history. While everybody blames Germany for not being ready to lead, the only time that European countries come together is when Germany tries to do just that. In short, everybody is against German leadership. Second is also history. Germans of Chancellor Angela Merkel's generation still feel guilty about Hitler and are extremely cautious to avoid being seen as too assertive. Third is the illusion that appeasement, driven by economic interests, will work by finally tying Russia to Europe. The Rapallo syndrome—the suspicion that arises whenever Russia and Germany forge too close a relationship—has haunted Germany for too long, and there is no Otto von Bismarck (probably the last European leader who understood Russia) in sight.
Josef Janning Head of the Berlin office and senior policy fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations
German strength is mostly an illusion as there can hardly be a strong Germany in a weak European Union over the longer term. On the one hand, member states have power in the institutions and processes of European integration, and Germany commands quite a good share of that. Deep integration such as the EU's monetary union did not neutralize that strength but has contributed to it. On the other hand, the power held by governments is mostly negative—the power to block or veto decisions. Shaping or innovating policy requires other capacities, namely agenda setting and coalition building. Germany's strength depends considerably on its place and role at the geographic and political center of the EU. Berlin is most capable when acting as part of a consensus group of member states that could outnumber possible veto coalitions and have the credibility to go ahead if the EU at large were incapable of delivering on crucial interests. Such a political center does not currently exist; it needs to come together for German strength to be put at the service of Europe.
Bruno Maçães Nonresident associate at Carnegie Europe
Yes, the image of German strength that has developed over the last decade is an illusion. First, power in the European Union is always on the side of the status quo. During the eurozone crisis, Germany successfully fought to maintain the status quo on issues such as fiscal union or euro bonds. Berlin experienced much greater difficulty when it tried to change the status quo, for example on migration and the Dublin Regulation on asylum applications. If power is measured in terms of ability to challenge the status quo, then German power is quite limited. Second, Germany benefited from certain patterns in the global economy that helped hide deep structural weaknesses in the German economy. China was feeding its export engine, but now China is very close to the technology frontier and is starting to acquire stakes in vital German technology firms. Lack of structural reform will become more and more visible, and Germany shows no willingness to deal with the problem. It is difficult to be optimistic about the German economy right now, which also makes me less optimistic than most forecasters about growth in the eurozone as a whole.
Ulrich Speck Independent foreign policy analyst
German strength is real. The country has a strong economy and finishes high in most global rankings. It is well governed and politically stable. Of course, everything is relative: wherever there is light, there is also shade. But overall, Germany clearly belongs to the winners of post-1989 globalization. The challenge is to maintain this position. This requires investment. Germany must increasingly invest in maintaining and furthering the European and global order from which it profits so much. It must invest in developing infrastructure at home and in remaining on top of the economic game in the digital era. But even if Germany is a strong country, it is an illusion to think that it could lead Europe alone. Germany needs equally solid partners in Europe. The main concern in Berlin at the moment is the weakness of the governments in France, Britain, and Poland, the European countries that matter most to Germany.
Stephen Szabo Executive director of the Transatlantic Academy
Germany is certainly a strong country by most objective measures. It has the largest population and economy in Europe and is the third-largest exporter in the world with the largest current-account surplus. Germany's relative political strength has increased due to the decline of the UK and France as European powers. Berlin is in many respects Europe's leader by default. But it is not a major military power, and Germany's economy remains vulnerable to outside forces given its disproportionate reliance on trade. It has major demographic problems as well, with an aging and declining population. And both its leaders and public understand the real limits to German leadership in Europe. History has shown that no one hegemon can lead or rule Europe. Germans have learned the lessons that Otto von Bismarck taught—to avoid becoming too predominant and thereby creating countervailing coalitions. Germany's political culture is also one of consensus, decentralization, and coalition building. So yes, expectations that Berlin is the key player in the EU are correct, but Germany will lead from the middle and hope there are still partners that can share in this leadership. Germany's partners of choice will be European, but it may have to build a partnership in leadership with Washington if its European options fail.
Antonio Villafranca Research coordinator and head of the European Program at the Italian Institute for International Political Studies
Germany's strength is not an illusion but a crystal-clear reality. Unfortunately, however, Germany as a country is more unbalanced than many are willing to acknowledge. From an economic standpoint, German strength is fueled by external cost competitiveness and a very high current-account surplus. But Germany's economic prowess may be a victim of its own success: in recent years, good economic performance has allowed policymakers to avoid facing longer-term challenges, namely domestic productivity rising too slowly and investment falling far short of what is needed. In this view, the German government's aim to achieve a balanced budget by the current fiscal year risks being evidence more of shortsightedness than of thrift. On the political side, Germany appears keen to convey the image of a reluctant leader. However, like it or not, Berlin needs to prove itself as a proactive leader to bring the EU out of its current quagmire. If it fails, nationalistic and populist forces around Europe may undermine the very European process from which German prosperity and leadership emerged.
Stefani Weiss Director of the Brussels office of the Bertelsmann Stiftung
UPDATE 12/28 9:20 p.m. ET: Debbie Reynolds has died at the age of 84, one day after their daughter Carrie Fisher's death. Reynolds' son, Todd Fisher, confirmed the news to the Associated Press late Wednesday, December 28.
UPDATE 12/28 5:38 p.m. ET: An LAFD spokesperson confirmed to Us Weekly that “at 1:02 p.m. PT they responded to a request for medical aid in the 1700 block of North Coldwater Canyon Dr. We transported an adult female patient in fair to serious condition to Cedars."
The spokesperson could not speak to reports of a stroke, telling Us: “We don't diagnose on scene. We treat symptoms and transport."
Debbie Reynolds' daughter Joely Fisher reacted to their mother's health scare on Twitter, as Star Trek actor William Shatner also sent their prayers to the actor on Wednesday.
God speed mama pic.twitter.com/XsO5zqN8w6 — Joely Fisher (@MsJoelyFisher) December 28, 2016
I heard about Debbie Reynolds. Let's pray that it's nothing serious. — William Shatner (@WilliamShatner) December 28, 2016
Original story below:
Debbie Reynolds has reportedly suffered a medical emergency just one day after their daughter, Carrie Fisher, passed away. According to TMZ, Reynolds was rushed to a Los Angeles hospital on Wednesday, December 28, after possibly suffering a stroke. Find out more in the video above, and detailed below.
The actor was reportedly visiting their son, Todd Fisher, at their Beverly Hills home to discuss funeral plans for Fisher when someone dialed 911 for help.
TMZ reports that Reynolds, 84, has been distraught over the death of Fisher, who died at the age of 60 Tuesday morning after a medical emergency on a flight from London to LAX on Friday.
Updates to come.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Cue sad Sarah McLachlan song such as “Full of Grace.”
Gaze over images of various writers trapped at their desk with their sad faces, quivering lips, and snot-bubble noses. One writer extends a gruel cup in an inky paw. Another is missing an eye, uhh, just because. A third writer wears nothing but a dirty pair of Hawaiian shorts — they feel their very-visible ribs with one hand as they shove their keyboard into their mouth with the other, gnawing like some kind of squirrel.
“Did you know that fewer than 1% of writers are able to make a living wage, or even scrape together enough money to buy black market Ramen flavor packets from dubious Laotian street merchants? Every minute, three people give up their dreams of being a writer and become inept middle managers. Every hour, seven writers die on the streets of Los Angeles, New York, and for some really weird reason, Sedona, Arizona. But you can help stop the tears. By donating no less than $25,000 a year — less than the cost of 25,000 cups of coffee — you can contribute to and keep afloat our Instruct Writers How Not To Starve And Die In Sedona fund. Only you can keep stories in the world. Only you can stop writers from putting out their eyes with fountain pens.”
Here, then, is how you feed yourself, clothe yourself, and pay rent or a mortgage with naught but the power of your writing. Ready to roll? First, three caveats.
Caveat The First: Am I Really Talking To You?
Let me separate this out by talking first about fishermen.
Let's assume, however falsely, that two types of fishermen exist in the world. The first identifies as a fisherman when they are asked, “What do you do in your spare time?” The second identifies as a fisherman when they are asked, “What do you do for a living?” Nothing fundamentally wrong with either answer. But each answer says something different about each type of fisherman.
Ask yourself the same question about being a writer. Is it a spare time thing? Or is this an, “I want to do this for a living” thing? Sounds obvious, but if you're in the hobbyist camp, no harm, no foul to you, but this post probably isn't for you.
Caveat The Second: Your Dream Of Creative Integrity Is Cute And All
I am a huge fan of creative integrity. I am also a huge fan of unicorns. My Trapper Keeper? Covered in unicorn stickers. And yet, despite my love of unicorns, I also realize that they are not real, or, even if they are, they're not helping me pay the mortgage. At least not without taking them to the abattoir and selling their precious meats (or making weapons from their horns).
Creative integrity is a good thing to have and it will at times serve you well, but if you steadfastly hold to some kind of lofty notion of your work — say, you fall more on the “artiste” side of things than the “craft” side of things — then it will be more difficult for you to make a living wage. You may create more transcendent, beautiful work; I dunno. But with it you are unlikely to feed your baby (or your unicorn sticker addiction) with it. Once again, I may not be talking to you in this post.
Caveat The Third: This Will Not Happen Overnight
No “Magical Ink Fairy” exists.
You will not get an apprenticeship at the Wordsmithy.
Tomorrow, I am not going to quit being a writer and suddenly transform into a marine biologist. So too are you not going to eject from your job and become a full-time paid writer. Sure, it happens, but only if you take a writer position or writer job. Most writers I know do not have “in-house” writing work. (And those that do: I'm not talking to them because those lucky gits have it covered.)
Self-Evaluate Honestly And Find An Hourly Wage Or Salary That Keeps You Alive
Oh-ho-ho, you might be saying, “Hey, writers don't make an hourly wage,” which is technically true. You also don't make an annual salary. But you still need to determine those numbers. You enter into the fray with only a hazy cloud of possibility in your head, then only a hazy cloud will return to you by the end of the year. Which means — yup, back to the street to hit up the Laotian for more Ramen flavor packets. (“Ooh, this one's called ‘Oriental.' How exotic! It tastes like soy sauce and boot leather!”)
Let's say the bare minimum of what you need to be making before taxes is $35k a year. If you're where I am, that might do you okay — but if you're in LA or NYC, you're probably going to have to crank that number up because I think that's how much the average homeless person makes in the city and they're, y'know, homeless. So, you take that magic number — $35,000 — and figure out, okay, how much do I need to make per week to live?
Consulting my abacus and these pigeon bones, it looks like you'll need $650-700 a week.
Second thing to figure out: how much work can you accomplish in an hour? I write about 1000 words an hour on average. Generally speaking, I get paid five cents to $0.25 per word, but let's look at the bare bottom of five cents. A thousand words at five cents is fifty bucks an hour, which means I'd need to work a total of 14 hours a week to earn out. Kind of awesome, but betrays the reality: first, you have editing time to factor in there (the better you get, the more you'll cut this down), and second, you may have a hard time constantly scaring up work. Be ready for inconsistent work schedules.
Will You Work Freelance, Or Is It All Creator-Owned?
If you work freelance, you will always be trying to hunt down work and deadlines will be your best friend and worst enemy. But you will earn a steady rate and have contracts that bolster your efforts and you'll be building up a resume in a professional arena.
Creator-owned is a little more personally satisfying, but also the harder road. (By “creator-owned,” I mean you're going to rely on putting out and selling your own work, whether that work is short fiction, long fiction, screenplays, comic books, and whether or not that work is self-published or published through traditional channels.) If you were to choose to thrive on short stories alone, let's say, and you publish short work that is paid the minimum pro-rate of five cents a word, you'd need to write and sell —
*spells BOOBS on a calculator*
— 140 short stories in a year. Which is not impossible, but it's pretty fucking epic just the same.
Some work pays a helluva lot better than others. Film and TV pay very well, especially compared to novel-writing. The average novel advance these days is, according to Tobias Buckell, $5,000. Now, playing Herr Doktor Pessismist, I'll assume you won't ever surpass that advance, which means you'd need to write about seven novels a year (and sell each one of those crazy sumbitches) just to earn out.
What does this tell you?
Always Be Writing, And Diversify That Shit
This is when Alec Baldwin steps to the chalkboard and writes ABW, “Always Be Writing” across it. And then you go to pour some coffee and they tell you to put that coffee down, coffee is for writers only. Then something something, fuck you are my name, something something, set of steak knives.
You need to always be writing. I don't necessarily mean that you need to fill every hour with word count (screw food, so what if my baby is crying, I can just pee in this Snapple bottle — best stuff on Earth, bitches, hahahaha *sob*), I just mean that you need to peg a daily word count and hit that word count every day you can manage. If you take weekends off, fine, fuck it, but fold that word count into your week.
Also: diversify. Do not rely on one revenue stream. When I asked the question above about freelance versus creator-owned, it's something of a false dichotomy — I set a trap for you, and you fell right into it. And now I will eat your sweetbreads. Which are not breads at all, but rather, your delicious pancreas. Wait, whuh? I dunno. What I'm saying is, you can and perhaps should do both. Novels and short stories combine together to form part of your Wordmonkey Voltron. Throw in there some freelancing, some scripting, some under-the-table smut writing, whatever, and you start to see the whole package emerge.
And by “whole package,” I do not mean genitals. So calm down.
Have The Right Tools
Tiny point: have the right tools. Have a good computer. Have a good word processing program. You don't need the best, but you do need what fits you and what works. Writing, like any other self-involved career, is an investment — it costs a lot less than a start-up restaurant, so spend a little bit of money to get the bare minimum of equipment you need. Once you start making money, hey, look, tax deductions!
Wait, Where Do I Find Freelance Work Again?
Ehhh. Uhh.
*knocks over a stack of plates, runs for the exit*
No, seriously? I don't know. Here's the thing, though: writers make the world go 'round. You wouldn't think it looking at some writer pay rates, but it's true. In nearly everything that exists, some kind of writing went into its making. Somebody has to write menus and placemats and planograms. Somebody has to write technical manuals. We are the word of God. We say “light,” and by Sweet Molly McGoggins, there is light.
Okay, that's a little overwrought, but the idea is firm: writers are everywhere, and this is true of creative content. Turn on the TV. Pick up a magazine. Check out a website. Writers are there. If not like gods, then like roaches, we're that ubiquitous. So, the work is out there. You just have to keep your eyes focused on finding it. Gaining work is some mystical combination of knowing the right people, seizing opportunities when they arise, and building up a small portfolio of work in that realm.
(It also involves saying “yes” a lot and nailing the shit out of deadlines.)
You might ask, “But what about sites like eLance?” To that I'd say, I dunno. I've never used it. From what I can see, it feels like a race to the bottom in terms of pay, and a lot of the jobs there look a little dubious. It doesn't seem like a great way to work a living wage, but alternately, it might be a way to get started and get some paid credits under your belt. If anybody has used a site like that, sound off.
Also, those of you out there who are freelancers: share your sordid tales of how you got your work the first time. I tell people that working your way into a full-time freelance life is like digging a tunnel through a mountain and then detonating it behind you — every path in seems to be different.
So, Self-Publishing Is The Future?
Sure, maybe, I dunno. I don't live in the future, though, I live in the present. (You know how I know it's the present? No jet packs. No teleporters. No hoverboards.)
I do not think you should jump right in and hope to subsist on a self-publishing revenue stream. Again: diversify. But that does mean it behooves you to try it out. If you self-publish something and it's good enough to get you $1000 over the course of the year, well, now you've only got $34,000 to go.
Slow Like Molasses
I got my first short story published (for $$$) when I was 18 or 19 or something. I started freelancing when I was 23 or 24. I was able to go full-time and earn a living wage when I was 30 or 31. Again: not an overnight sensation. And it's still a struggle, every year, because it's not something you can sit back and allow happening. But that is also part of the joy. To go back to the fisherman, you get money for every fish you sell. It's an elegant form of commerce: I did this thing, and this thing is worth money. At a desk job, for every spreadsheet you do you get… well, what? You get a check every week no matter how many spreadsheets you do. The commerce is muddy. The reward, uncertain.
Me, I like being a writer. It requires a bundle of sacrifices. And it makes you crazier than a shithouse owl.
But it feels good to go down in the ink mines with my pick-ax and chip away at the word count clustered on the wall like pretty, pretty crystals. *chip chip* *sob*
Final Notes
No, this doesn't cover the breadth and depth of the topic. It in fact is merely a hangnail — if I start to pick it, a strip of skin will peel back all the way to my elbow and suddenly you'll be tasked with reading a 5,000-word blog post, and nobody wants that. This is long enough already. I can't say how useful this post actually is — it ultimately covers the generalities, but it's a start, at least. Future posts down the line will deal with more specific tidbits (dealing with editors, managing money, and so forth).
Also —
Yes, I had to crawl inside a deer carcass to get that picture at the fore of the post.
I dunno. Shut up.
Drop comments, questions, add-ons, marriage proposals, or hateful screeds in the comments below!
Sanctions linked to the Ukraine crisis could end up costing Russia 9 percent of its gross domestic product, the International Monetary Fund said on Monday. Russia's economy is showing signs of stabilization after slumping under pressure from Western financial sanctions and Russian counter-measures.
Low international prices for its oil exports have added to pressure on the ruble and government finances.
"The effects of sanctions in terms of external access to financial markets and new investment technology will linger," the Fund said, summing up the findings of a mission in May.
Last year Western countries imposed restrictions that limit international financing for major Russian banks and energy companies, and also high-tech exports to the energy sector. Russia retaliated by banning imports of most Western food products.
The Fund estimated the immediate effect of sanctions and counter-sanctions had been to wipe between 1 and 1.5 percent off GDP, rising to 9 percent over the next few years. These model-driven results were subject to significant uncertainty, it cautioned.
The IMF also forecast "weak" economic growth of around 1.5 percent annually in the medium term. Russia's economy was growing around 7 percent a year before the 2008 global financial crisis.
"Slow-moving structural reforms, sluggish investment and adverse population dynamics are all part of the picture," it said, reiterating its long-standing advice for Russia to reduce the role of the state in the economy, protect property rights and boost competition.
Russia would nevertheless return to economic growth next year as a weaker ruble boosted competitiveness, external demand increased and domestic financial conditions normalized, the IMF said.
It predicted 0.2 percent growth next year following a 3.4 percent contraction this year, in line with its previous forecasts.
Inflation was seen slowing to around 12 percent by the end of this year and 8 percent by the end of next year - more pessimistic than the central bank's forecast of 7 percent by mid-2016.
The IMF said the central bank's policy of gradually reducing its main interest rate in line with underlying inflation was appropriate, but the pace of reductions needed to be "prudent".
It supported limited fiscal stimulus this year, but added: "An ambitious and credible medium-term fiscal consolidation program is necessary to adjust to lower oil prices."
The IMF recommended revising Russia's fiscal rule, which links government spending to the historical oil price, so that the recent oil price fall could be more quickly reflected.
The Fund also said such fiscal adjustment would be hard to achieve if Russia indexes pensions next year at a cost of 1.1 percent of GDP. Russia typically indexes pensions but has yet to decide whether to do so next year.
"Detailed fiscal measures will also be critical for the credibility of the consolidation program," the IMF said.
Alex Wong/Getty Images Until a few days ago, liberals had shown a realization that Jill Stein was a spoiler and an impediment to liberal policymaking.
Now, a bunch of you have given them more money than they raised during their whole campaign because you have been eager to buy into a conspiracy theory about Donald Trump benefitting from the rigging of voting machines, and Stein indulged the theory and offered to seek a recount if you would pay for it.
Well done, everybody — good job, good effort.
In other fantasy news, electors are never going to strip Trump of the presidency over concerns about the Emoluments Clause. If they did, they would be creating a grave democratic crisis by substituting their judgment for that of the voters.
This is not an idea worth discussing. But liberals are discussing it because it makes them feel good to think maybe Trump won't have to be president.
This is the beginning of a descent into an information bubble of the sort that drove conservatives insane over the past eight years and that led them to send money to candidates like Ben Carson.
I suspect some enterprising grifters are looking at Stein's fundraising success and wondering whether scam PACs shouldn't be just for conservatives anymore. The diversion of liberal money and energy down blind alleys would not be a positive development in the era of Trump, when an effective opposition will be more necessary than ever.
Channel your grief usefully
I get it. It is appropriate to feel grief over Donald Trump's election — and to wish this weren't happening.
But it is happening. They won — what you have to do now is to figure out what to do about it.
So here are three places Trump opponents can productively focus their energy:
The Louisiana Senate race. Congressional elections aren't quite over yet, because Louisiana will elect a senator in a runoff election on December 10. This race will determine whether Republicans have 51 or 52 seats in the next US Senate. Yes, Democrats are very unlikely to win this election, but they're more likely to win it than Trump is to lose through recounts or Electoral College shenanigans, so on a relative basis it's less of a waste of liberals' energy and money. More important, if Democrats are going to beat back Republican majorities in Congress in 2018 and 2020, they will have to start campaigning and winning in places where they haven't been winning lately. Louisiana's runoff offers the first opportunity to practice. Cabinet confirmations. The Republican majority in the Senate will be narrow, and Trump will need to hold nearly all Republicans together to confirm controversial picks for jobs that require confirmation. Organized efforts to lobby senators could help stop Trump from creating the Cabinet of your nightmares. But it will be best to focus your opposition on their stranger, more Trumpian picks. Liberals have good reasons to be upset about the choice of Betsy DeVos to lead the Department of Education. But she's the sort of pick you might have also seen in a Jeb Bush administration, and it's unlikely any Republicans can be persuaded to oppose them But if Trump follows through on nominating Ben Carson to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development or Rudy Giuliani to be secretary of state ... Medicare. One of Paul Ryan's longstanding goals has been to transform federal entitlement programs in a way that reduces the generosity of their benefits, including by transforming Medicare so that it would (ironically) look a lot more like the Affordable Care Act, with seniors receiving a fixed subsidy toward the purchase of a private insurance plan. Some Republicans in Congress are signaling an intention to move forward early with a transformation of Medicare. This would be very unpopular, and Trump insisted through the campaign that they didn't want to cut Medicare, in part because it would be very unpopular. This is an issue in which Democrats can apply political pressure that will divide Republicans and push them into infighting — perhaps ending with a Trump veto of a Republican Medicare reform bill. There are lots of good reasons to dislike Steve Bannon, but on this issue Democrats may be able to capitalize on Bannon's desire to punish and humiliate Ryan.
Eyes on the ball, everyone. This is important.
RICHMOND, Oct. 13 -- A scathing legislative audit released Tuesday shows Virginia's outsourcing of a massive $2 billion computer upgrade has been so troubled that core government services have been disrupted but that canceling the contract could cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars.
The problems have affected almost every state agency that uses a computer -- a prison was left without inbound phone service for hours, the Virginia State Police in Newport News lost Internet access for more than three days and computers in DMV offices crashed.
Northrop Grumman, the giant Los Angeles-based defense company, was awarded the contract, the largest of any kind in Virginia's history, because state officials thought it would provide the best value despite the business's lack of experience managing state computer and communication systems, according to the report by the Joint Legislative Audit and Review Commission.
Decisions made about the contract "cost the taxpayers a lot of money," House Majority Leader H. Morgan Griffith (R-Salem) said. "In these economic times, we don't have $30 to $40 million to be spending because a giant multinational corporation made mistakes."
Sam Abbate, vice president and program manager for Northrop Grumman, said they were optimistic that changes in the project would lead to improvements in the "unique partnership."
"This is an investment in the commonwealth of a very significant order," they said. "Throughout its life, it will improve services for the citizens of Virginia, without question."
Terminating the contract early could cost the state as much as $400 million and leave no one to manage its computer system.
The state looked for a private company to oversee its computer system in 2003 after a legislative review showed that its technology was out of date and increasingly expensive to maintain. Then-governor Mark Warner, now a U.S. senator, received approval to consolidate computer operations into one agency and overhauled the system to make it more efficient and less costly.
But the report shows that the troubled contract has led to years of finger-pointing, the firing of employees, violations of the state's open meetings law and crucial decisions made by only a few people.
The report found that a convoluted governance structure in which an independent board -- not the governor or the General Assembly -- was put in charge of the state's technology agency led to confusion and a lack of oversight. Northrop Grumman was chosen by a 16-member committee that included two board members and state officials.
That board fired Chief Information Officer Lemuel C. Stewart Jr. after they tried to stop a $14 million payment to Northrop Grumman. Two other high-ranking employees at the Virginia Information Technologies Agency were removed by Stewart's successor.
James F. McGuirk II, chairperson of the Information Technology Investment Board, which oversees the agency and contract, did not return calls.
The report recommended that Gov. Timothy M. Kaine (D) be placed in charge of the agency.
Problems in the 10-year contract, meant to be a model for the nation, put a stain on a state accustomed to accolades for management and raises questions about how to make outsourcing work for government.
"This is a cautionary tale on what can happen with public-private partnerships," Sen. Janet D. Howell (D-Fairfax) said. "The lesson is being very cautious -- and don't be the first state to do it."
Frustrated legislators who serve on the commission heard details of the audit at a long meeting Tuesday on Capitol Square in a room filled with state employees, lobbyists and Northrop Grumman representatives. Both chambers of the legislature have begun investigations into the contract.
The report makes clear that the delays have had widespread effects on government as state workers have suffered frustrating network crashes and choppy transitions to new computer systems.
When the state received federal money to establish 17 temporary unemployment offices to help workers who lost jobs during the recession, the Virginia Economic Commission proposed opening the centers as quickly as possible -- within one to three months. But Northrop Grumman could not quickly provide computer and phone services to the new offices, which did not open for six months.
In Bland County, a DMV office lost network connection for 31 hours this summer, forcing customers to reschedule appointments. In Roanoke, a Department of Environmental Quality office was without phones or computers for more than a day in May.
Kaine said in a statement Tuesday that they are pleased that the audit acknowledged that the way the state manages the contact is "neither workable nor advisable."
"Both VITA and Northrop Grumman must continue to improve their performance in the delivery of services and contract management," they said.
The original timetable called for the company to assume full control of the state's computer infrastructure by this July 1, but the report shows the company has missed numerous deadlines and has fallen far behind schedule.
George Coulter, the state's new chief information officer, said the state is "on track" to complete that task by June 30. "I believe the state is in fairly good shape . . . it is not uncommon to see these kinds of problems on these kinds of contracts," they said.
The memory of the car ride is still vivid, even if the destination and the reason we were all there in the first place have been forgotten.
It was the middle of October in 1997, I was 13-years-old, and the Louisville football program was smack in the middle of one of the lowest points of an existence that had already endured its fair share of valleys. My parents were driving me somewhere in our old blue Lincoln Town Car -- affectionately referred to as "The Big Blue Boat" -- and we were on Herr Lane right by my old stomping grounds, Wilder Elementary.
It was rare that we wouldn't be home watching the Cardinal football team play on television, which is why it surprises me that I can't place exactly where we were heading on this particular day. Regardless, the radio was tuned to the appropriate channel, and the car was quiet.
UofL's opponent on this day was Tulane, a team with a once-in-a-lifetime star quarterback in Shaun King that would complete a perfect 12-0 season a year later in 1998. The Green Wave were still explosive a year before that magical run, and on this afternoon they were effortlessly putting it on a Cardinal team that was 1-5 and had lost its last three games by a combined 75 points.
The exact score when it happened is another detail that escapes me, but it's safe to assume the game was already well in hand for the visitors in green. The only thing that matters is that Tulane scored a touchdown on Louisville, the team I had worshipped since before I could form a conscious memory, and I celebrated.
It remains the only time in my life that I have actively rooted against a Louisville Cardinal team.
My rationale at the time was self-serving and simple: I wanted Louisville to fire its current football coach, Ron Cooper, and bring in someone who would bring back the excitement and the winning ways that my friends, family and I had reveled in at the beginning of the decade. Maximum embarrassment against fellow Conference USA opponent seemed like an effective means to make this happen.
The brutal dream that was conceived during that car ride was ultimately realized months later when new UofL athletic director Tom Jurich fired Cooper after a dismal 1-10 season and hired John L. Smith. Smith would lead Louisville to the Motor City Bowl a year later, kicking off a program record nine consecutive bowl game appearances.
Outside of the now-unthinkable act of rooting against the home team, the thing that strikes me the most about this memory are the things that I wanted so desperately for the Louisville football program at that time. It wasn't much, certainly not compared to today, just the chance to have a winning season, an exciting game or two on the schedule every year, and maybe, if we were lucky enough, an occasional conference championship and subsequent trip to the Liberty Bowl in exotic Memphis, Tennessee.
Compare that archaic vision of success with where Louisville is right at this very moment: ranked No. 3 in the country, existing as the biggest story in the college football world, laying claim to the favorite to win the Heisman Trophy, and about to play the highest-profile game of the 2016 season to date in primetime on ABC. My 13-year-old sports brain would have exploded faster than a hastily assembled boy band.
Twenty years from now, there will be multiple generations of UofL football fans who will know nothing but top 25 rankings, conference championships, and spotlight games like the one the Cardinals are going to play Saturday night at Clemson. They'll roll their eyes and laugh at old people like me when I tell stories of 1-10 seasons and blowout losses to Tulane in front of 22,000 fans.
Now that the program has moved past it, I feel fortunate that I got to experience at least a small portion of the struggle that longtime Louisville fans had been slogging through for decades before I was even born. The moment I begin to take Cardinal football success for granted or complain about some minute detail that really has no bearing on program wins or losses, all I have to do is remember that car ride.
A version of this column runs in the current issue of The Voice-Tribune
If you're itching to go outdoors, Las Vegas has many parks to offer -- from smaller city parks to state parks and national parks within a few hours drive.
In fact, Redfin ranked Las Vegas the sixth best city for national park lovers.
Just be careful out there. Bring plenty of water if you're going to go on a hike during the warmer months and wear warm clothing if you're going out during the cooler months.
1. Red Rock National Conservation Area
This might be the most obvious one but for good reason. While many hikers might not want to brave Red Rock during the summer, there are hikes such as Icebox Canyon that bring some welcome relief from the heat. On the opposite end, it is beautiful to visit in fall when the temperatures cool down. It also helps that it is right in our backyard!
2. Mt. Charleston/Spring Mountain National Recreation Area
Now if you want a big cool down during summer or winter, take the hour or so drive and go up to Mount Charleston. It is anywhere from 30 to 40 degrees cooler there. There are many hikes in the area, including up to the peak itself and Cathedral Rock, a short hike but uphill for almost the entire trek up. You can also venture over to Lee Canyon and take part of its summer activities. In the winter, many locals visit for snow and all the accompanying fun.
3. Valley of Fire State Park
Despite the heat during the summer, Valley of Fire is still a popular spot with its beautiful landscapes. It almost seems like you're on another planet's surface as you make your way around the park. There are also several hikes to take that can feel downright refreshing in the fall and winter.
4. Lake Mead National Recreation Area
Now if you want to cool down while still enjoying the heat, Lake Mead is the place to go. Plenty of boaters visit Lake Mead during the summer but there's also swimming and other water activities. There are also plenty of places to visit along the vast national recreation area, which extends into western Arizona. Trails such as Goldstrike Canyon and Arizona Hot Springs are open during the cooler months.
5. Death Valley National Park
While we have national recreation areas nearby, the closest national park is Death Valley. The majority of it is in California but there is a small portion in Nevada. There are such sites as Badwater (the lowest point in North America), Dante's View and Scotty's Castle. Despite being one of the hottest places on earth, Death Valley does occasionally get rain (and the asupervisorstioned flooding) and this past spring, a wildflower bloom.
6. Zion National Park
While it's listed 6th on this list, Zion National Park was also the 6th most-visited national park last year and only about 2 1/2 hours from Las Vegas. The park is known for its steep red cliffs and canyons and plenty of hikes, including the Narrows and Angels Landing. It's a little less crowded in the winter months where there's the likelihood of snow.
7. Grand Canyon National Park
If you're ready for a long day trip or a weekend trip, the Grand Canyon is a great place to go about 5 hours away from Las Vegas. It helps that it tends to be cooler there than the rest of Arizona or Southern Nevada in the summer. Summer is a good time to visit the less-frequented North Rim since it is only open from May to October. The Grand Canyon can also get snow during the winter.
8. Floyd Lamb Park at Tule Springs
If you want an escape right on the edge of Las Vegas, Floyd Lamb Park might be a good bet. The park, a site for various events throughout the year, is 680 acres full of wildlife, lakes and views of nearby mountains. The Tule Springs Ranch, which is on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places, is located within the park.
9. Mountain's Edge Exploration Park
Las Vegas has plenty of playgrounds for families to explore. But the Mountain's Edge park stands out for how expansive it is. Beyond a playground and waterplay area, there is an Old West park, plenty of green space and picnic areas. Up Exploration Peak at the park, there are bicycle trails and walking paths.
10. Lincoln County state parks
Now it might seem a world away from Las Vegas, but Lincoln County has five state parks to explore several hours from the city. There is Cathedral Gorge, which has cave-like formations and cathedral-like spires. Miller Point offers views of the canyon. There's Beaver Dam right on the Nevada-Utah border with its streams and waterfalls. Spring Valley State Park (not to be confused with Spring Valley in Las Vegas) offers opportunities for fishing, camping and sight-seeing in addition to the Ranch House museum. Kershaw-Ryan State Park is at the north end of Rainbow Canyon with various trees and even wild grape vines climbing the canyon's cliffs. And finally, there's Echo Canyon, which offers a reservoir for fishing and other water activities.
11. Joshua Tree National Park
Joshua trees are a significant part of the desert landscape and two deserts -- the Mojave and the Colorado -- meet at Joshua Tree National Park in Southern California. The park, about 3 hours from Las Vegas, showcases the high desert with its Joshua trees while the low desert features the creosote bush. Depending on the level of difficulty (and the weather that day), visitors can take a nature walk to backpacking hikes. There is also plenty of stargazing amongst its dark skies.
12. Great Basin National Park
It's the only national park completely in Nevada, although it's not far from the Utah stateline. It's not the closest national park to Las Vegas -- around 4 1/2 hours -- but it is well worth the drive. There is 13,000-foot Wheeler Peak, the second tallest in Nevada, which climbers can summit. Visitors can also take a 12-mile scenic drive for views of the peak and other mountains. There are also the Lehman Caves, which can only be entered by a guided tour. Great Basin is another great place for stargazing.
13. Mojave National Preserve
Whether you're heading to Las Vegas or Los Angeles, there are miles upon miles of desert landscape to explore in the Mojave Desert off Interstate 15 and further south, Interstate 40. There are plenty of exits to take and even a scenic detour, accessed via Kelbaker Road in Baker, Calif. Of course depending on weather, there are plenty of things to do such as hiking, backpacking, horseback riding and four-wheel drive routes.
There are plenty more parks to explore nearby. If you have any suggestions, email katherine.jarvis@ktnv.com or comment on their Facebook page .
Under current law, regulations for malpractice lawsuits are set by individual state governments. That's where the control should stay, said Senator Claire McCaskill, a Missouri Democrat.
The Obama administration last year awarded $25 million in grants to pay for 21 pilot projects among the states to test different approaches to malpractice reform and the reduction of defensive medicine. Among those experiments, which are ongoing, are efforts to encourage doctors and hospitals to own up to errors, communicate better, and quickly compensate victims of malpractice. Some of the work is being undertaken by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, which won $2.9 million of the grant money.
They did not detail how far they are willing to go with changes, but has said in the past they do not favor caps on damages.
In their State of the Union address, Obama defended their sweeping health care overhaul, then offered “to look at other ideas to bring down costs, including one that Republicans suggested last year — medical malpractice reform to rein in frivolous lawsuits.''
Trial lawyers, who overwhelmingly favor Democrats with their campaign contributions, vow to oppose any national limits on damages. They say there is no evidence that capping malpractice awards controls health care costs.
“I'm not going to throw people under the bus and say if something happens to you, you're not going to have the support you need,'' US Senator Patty Murray, a Washington Democrat, said in an interview.
Democrats resist caps, arguing that civil damages are often the only way patients can punish negligence and be made whole if they, or their children, suffer debilitating injuries from errors by a doctor or hospital staff.
A bill capping damages was introduced last week in the Republican-controlled House. But while the House is likely to pass a measure, it faces strong opposition among the Democrats who hold the majority in the Senate.
Republicans have long argued that limiting civil damages will keep down the cost of malpractice insurance doctors must buy and reduce the likelihood that doctors will practice “defensive medicine,'' the ordering of unnecessary and costly medical tests to hedge against negligence claims.
Despite their willingness to reach across the aisle, the president themselves remains opposed to caps on malpractice damage awards, a central element of Republican proposals to change the rules, the White House said last week in the days after their speech.
But the president's proposal has mostly fallen flat with their allies in the Senate, including Senator Patrick Leahy, the chairperson of the Judiciary Committee. It also potentially puts them at odds with the nation's trial lawyers, a powerful constituency of the Democratic Party.
WASHINGTON — President Obama's offer to join hands with Republicans and “rein in frivolous lawsuits'' by overhauling medical malpractice rules was among the key bipartisan bullet points in their State of the Union speech.
“I do not understand why Washington thinks it's any of its business what states do in their courthouses,'' McCaskill said in an interview. “There is medical malpractice reform in my state as there is in many states. This is a perfect example of the hypocrisy of Republicans on states' rights.''
Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, has opposed damage caps. In an interview with the website of The Hill, an inside-the-Beltway publication, they expressed skepticism about such caps unless they were packaged with other changes, such as eliminating the antitrust exemption for health insurers.
The president's invitation to work on the issue was well received by business interests, including the US Chamber of Commerce, and the GOP.
“This could be seen as a historic change of position by the president, and Republicans should support it,'' Senator Mark Kirk, an Illinois Republican, said in an interview. Kirk said Illinois courts recently overturned a state cap on damages in malpractice cases. “So the only way to save Illinois right now is by federal legislation.''
Trail lawyers were disappointed by the president's position, said Gibson Vance, president of the American Association for Justice, an organization of trial lawyers.
Vance said that 98,000 people die each year of preventable medical injuries, and that civil action is usually the only recourse. Caps on awards “don't benefit anybody except those who have done wrong,'' they said.
The American Association for Justice made $2.8 million in political donations in the last election cycle, and 97 percent of the money went to Democrats, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
The possible effects of damage caps is uncertain, but the amount of possible savings is minuscule when compared to how much the nation spends on health care, said Amitabh Chandra, an economist and professor of public policy at the Harvard Kennedy School of Government, who has studied the issue. They said caps on jury awards can't protect doctors from the fear of being sued.
“You can't insure against the hassle-cost of a suit,'' they said. “You can't insure against having your name dragged through the local newspaper and having to go to court and testify. That's why doctors hate litigation. It's not their payouts. For the payouts, they have insurance.''
A serious national debate about medical liability reform is way overdue, said Dr. Alan Woodward, a past president of Massachusetts Medical Society and current vice chairperson of the society's committee on professional liability.
“The current system is profoundly dysfunctional,'' they said, adding that courts are slow and inefficient — and often inequitable — to injured patients, and the liability system creates a “culture of fear'' among doctors that drives up cost with defensive medicine.
Far better would be a system in use at the University of Michigan, they said, which requires full disclosure to patients who have been injured, along with “a sincere apology,'' an explanation on how the mistake would not be repeated on anyone else, as well as an offer of compensation. The program dramatically reduced litigation, they said.
Obama endorsed a similar approach in a 2006 New England Journal of Medicine article they wrote with Hillary Clinton, when both were senators, the society said.
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company.
Hillary Clinton is trying to convince their party, and possibly herself, that Bernie Sanders supporters will ultimately embrace them as the Democratic nominee.
Nick Gass reports at Politico:
Clinton: Sanders' young supporters will unite behind me Just as their supporters coalesced behind Barack Obama after they exited the race in 2008, Hillary Clinton expressed optimism Thursday that backers of Bernie Sanders would do the same this year if the choice is between them and either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz. During a discussion on ABC's “Good Morning America,” Clinton was asked by uncommitted superdelegate Rep. Brendan Boyle (D-Pa.) how they would keep younger voters, particularly those who have enthusiastically supported Sanders and opposed them during the primary process, in their column in November. “I think I'll make the case, and from everything I've seen—both personal conversations and research that has been done, just as it was with me when I dropped out, you know, the vast majority of Sen. Sanders' young supporters will look at the choice,” Clinton said. They continued, noting that they have acknowledged as much to Sanders' supporters, “The choice will be pretty stark if either of the two leading Republican candidates become the nominee, and I'm confident that we'll all join together.”
Here's a video of Hillary's appearance on Good Morning America:
Hillary is basing their argument on the assumption that 2016 is just like 2008 but that's a big mistake. In 2008, Democrats hadn't been in control of the White House for eight years.
One could also argue that Bernie Sanders supporters in 2016 are far more zealous in support of their preferred candidate than Hillary supporters were in 2008.
There are even some people on the left who have said they won't support them under any circumstances.
The Washington Free Beacon reports:
Sanders Voter Lists Reasons They Won't Vote For Clinton in General Election A supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) vowed Thursday to never vote for Hillary Clinton in the general election if they are the Democratic Party's presidential nominee, listing off several reasons why they strongly dislike the former secretary of state. “If Hillary Clinton gets the nomination, as a Bernie supporter, would you end up voting for her?” a reporter asked a woman wearing a Bernie For President T-shirt. “I don't think so; I'm pretty positive,” the woman said. Another voter sitting next to the Sanders supporter asked if they would sit out the election and not vote for anyone if Clinton became the nominee. “I'm not going to sit out. There are multiple candidates. I would cast my vote for Jill Stein before [Clinton],” the woman said, referring to the liberal environmental activist who is running for president as a member of the Green Party.
Rallying the far left to their campaign may be trickier than they think.
Featured image via YouTube.
CHICAGO -- For the first time in the Steve McClain era, the Flames will hit the floor at the UIC Pavilion Saturday afternoon to face a squad in a different uniform. UIC will welcome the Lake Forest College Foresters this weekend for its lone exhibition tilt of the 2015-16 campaign. Tip-off is set for 3 p.m.
McClain was brought in as the 11th head men's basketball coach in UIC history in March, and with them the veteran coach has brought an up-tempo style, a relentless energy, an experienced coaching staff and eight exciting new players. Coupled with seven talented returners, the Flames are poised for a memorable 2015-16 campaign.
Below are a few headlines as the Flames prepare to welcome the Foresters to the Pavilion on Saturday at 3 p.m.:
McClain Takes the Reins
On March 23 UIC Athletic Director Jim Schmidt announced Steve McClain as the 11th head men's basketball coach in program history. The veteran leader owns 33 years of collegiate coaching experience, including nine seasons as a NCAA Division I head coach at Wyoming. They most recently served for five seasons at Indiana University, where they were an associate head coach under Tom Crean.
Local Flavor
Eight of the 15 players on UIC's roster are native to the state of Illinois, and seven of those Flames hail from the Chicagoland area. Seniors Paris Burns (Proviso East) and Gabe Snider (Whitney Young) are from Chicago, as is junior Josh Joiner (Willowbrook) and first-year student Dominique Matthews (St. Rita). Sophomores Lance Whitaker (Bartlett) and Tai Odiase (Homewood-Flossmor), plus first-year student Julian Torres (Bolingbrook) call suburban Chicagoland home. Finally, first-year student Dikembe Dixson is originally from Freeport, Ill., a town about 114 miles northwest of the Windy City.
Fresh Faces
UIC basketball welcomes eight newcomers to the court for the 2015-16 season with six freshmen and two transfers in the fold. The first-year student class features players from three different states including Illinois (3), Texas (2) and Indiana (1).
Block Party
Sophomore Tai Odiase developed into one of the nation's top interior defenders as a true first-year student a year ago. The Glenwood, Ill., native averaged 1.7 blocks per game in only 18.7 minutes per contest in their first season. Odiase's 48 rejections marked the second-highest total ever for a UIC first-year student, and the eighth-best single-season effort by all Flames.
Protecting the Rock
UIC consistently took care of the basketball a year ago. The squad's 11.0 turnovers per game ranked as the fewest by any Horizon League team during the 2014-15 campaign; the Flames ranked tied for 44th nationally in that category. UIC's seven returning players combined to account for only 4.6 turnovers per game a year ago.
For more notes and information about Saturday's exhibition game and the upcoming 2015-16 season, please click the Game Notes PDF above.
The regular season begins at home on Friday, Nov. 13 when UIC entertains the San Francisco Dons at 7 p.m., in the first-ever meeting on the hardwood between the two programs. Season tickets are still on sale for the upcoming slate. Please call 312-413-UIC1 (8421) today to get join the Flames at the UIC Pavilion this season.
A political animal
Animal Crossing is a hard series to assess because, to this day, I still struggle to understand what I like about it. Actually, I still don't know if I actually like it or not. When I played Wild World, I obsessively absorbed myself in it every single day, sometimes making it my first activity of the day. It was over a month before I realized it was compulsion, not enjoyment, driving me.
Even so, every Animal Crossing excites me. Something about it always draws me in, even though I know it won't be long before my virtual life becomes a monotony of shaking trees, fishing, and paying off loans in a game that perpetuates itself through a constant shifting of goalposts. Eventually, as always happens, I'll get tired of it, and realize every game, no matter what else gets added, will always boil down to fruit and fishes.
But this time I get to be the mayor. The mayor!
Animal Crossing: New Leaf (3DS)
Developer: Nintendo EAD Group No. 2
Publisher: Nintendo
Released: June 9, 2013 (NA) / June 14, 2013 (EU)
MSRP: $34.99
Animal Crossing: New Leaf is not a political thriller of intrigue and seduction. While you get to be the mayor of your very own town, your new career still involves indulging the inane babble of twee bipedal dogs and selling bananas to raccoons. Indeed, being the mayor appears to have very little effect on one's daily life.
As always, you arrive in a town populated by self-interested little bastards, and obtain a house courtesy of the debt-hungry Tom Nook. As with every game in the series, your primary goal is to earn money by collecting and selling debris, in order to pay off the loan, build a bigger house, and continue the cycle of owing money to a forest creature.
This core will be instantly recognizable to those who have played any game in the series, and if you wanted more of the same, you'll be absolutely well served. Yet again you can collect fish, bugs, and fossils to give to the museum, you can plant trees, water flowers, and buy new items of clothing. You can send letters to animals, get invited to their houses, or deliver sundry artifacts from one resident to another. Every now and then, you'll get visits from Lyle the art dealer, or the turnip selling warthog, and holiday events all occur in real time.
The familiar makes up the vast majority of the experience, so if you were hoping for an all-new game, you might be disappointed. Of course, if your Animal Crossing desires extend solely to "more Animal Crossing," that's exactly what you'll get with the misleadingly titled New Leaf. The contents of the package are far from revolutionary, but there's plenty of it to indulge in.
The obvious big changes come with mayoral duties that are, unfortunately, not quite as enriching as they could have been. It takes a few days (all in real time) before you can actually do anything as mayor, as you'll need to get your house built and jump through a few hoops first. Once you do, your main role is to decide upon an ordinance for the town, and commission public works -- both of which simply function as slightly tweaked versions of the old loan repayment dynamic.
Ordinances slightly alter the way the town operates. For instance, selecting Bell Boom will improve the economy, which means you can sell items in stores for a higher price (though stores will charge more too). Beautiful Town makes animals more likely to plant flowers and reduces weed growth. Early Bird makes things happen earlier in the morning, while Night Owl does the opposite. These changes are subtle and merely add additional minor perks, but it has to be said that Bell Boom can be quite useful for those trying to pay off their loans.
Public works are where players really get to feel like they're doing something of note. Choosing from a list of predetermined structures, the mayor can commission new buildings and environmental decorations, from bridges to simple benches and street lamps. Here, the town can be populated with interesting things, such as a camp site that brings in visiting animals, and a new display area for the town museum. Being able to commission bridges is especially useful, especially in towns where rivers break up important areas of the environment, and you can place things (barring important shop additions) anywhere in town, provided you have enough space.
Both mayoral activities, however, are dependent on cash. It costs 20,000 Bells to set an ordinance, while public works can cost anywhere from a small amount to a princely sum. Other townsfolk can donate to the works as well, but due to their being such narcissistic sociopaths, you'll be contributing the lion's share of the donations from your own pocket. What could have been an interesting new addition to the series instead simply adds to the goalpost shifting foundation, giving players yet more debts to continuously pay off, and ensuring everything now takes longer than ever to achieve.
Fortunately, New Leaf still retains a level of satisfaction as reward for the time and money spent. Being able to customize the town, even in a capacity more limited than I'd have liked, carries with it a sense of amusing power, and it's rather exciting to work toward the building of larger, more unique structures such as the Dream Suite, where you can experience other players' dream towns online.
It also must be said that there's a lot more content this time around. Towns are populated by a greater number of residents, and the tropical island (now Tortimer Island) is back, giving players access to minigames and exotic items to collect. As far as online features go, players can upload their idea of a perfect home to a showcase, and as always are welcome to enter the towns of friends and perform whatever petty vandalism they need to do.
As always, there's a compelling and engrossing aspect to Animal Crossing's strangely absorbing banality. Having gone through the motions so many times now, however, I found my interest dropping off more and more than my month with the game wore on. Sure, the new mayoral duties are a great idea, but the fact they work in exactly the same way as house loan repayments means you're doing even more of the repetitive stuff required for the payoff. From politics to tropical minigames, the fresh content is simply a slightly altered way of doing the same kind of things we've done since the first Animal Crossing.
Given that Animal Crossing is always a weird little addiction, that's not necessarily a bad thing. It is, however, a game that intrigues me less now than once it did.
There's plenty of fun and silliness to be had in Animal Crossing: New Leaf, and obsessive fans will likely find the extra content, however fundamentally familiar, to be endearing and laudable. It's a good little game, but it's nowhere near as special as it used to be, and those hoping for more flexibility and interaction from their new political careers will feel let down by what is, ostensibly, just more goalpost shifting and further excuses to get you to shake bananas off trees.
A new leaf has not been turned. Rather, an old dog is on display. Faithful, loyal, and hard to dislike, but you know what it can do already.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Animal Crossing: New Leaf reviewed by Jim Sterling
Bitcoin prices have already reached $4,400, reaching that level on August 14, before sliding back down to its current level of $4,137.
Some analysts say growth remains in the forecast for Bitcoin. In fact, Goldman Sachs technology strategist Sheba Jafari, who predicted the cryptocurrency would crest $3,900 in June, now says Bitcoin is headed to $4,800 by the end of the year, before a "massive correction" occurs, sending prices plummeting down to $2,200.
That's quite a scenario, but given the high rise of Bitcoin, and its unregulated market model, Jafari may well be right again.
But do other Bitcoin watchers agree?
"It's very possible that Bitcoin will exceed the $4,800 forecast by year end," says Edward Anderson, chief sales officer at London-based FxPro. "Usage is increasing and supply is limited, which will most likely force prices higher. However, with the cryptocurrency exchanges being unregulated, there is always a concern around market abuse and consequences such as flash crashes."
"The underlying trend suggests higher price levels but traders are wary that the bull run could end at a moment's notice," Anderson adds.
Other investment specialists say that, while the price of Bitcoin has been predicted to rise to $4,800 by end of the year, the value of Bitcoin goes beyond simple fiat value. "In that regard, I think they're aiming too low [with Bitcoin price estimates]," says Gavin Marshall, the founder of Sharebit, a blockchain-based app that enables users to register, manage, track and transfer shares in both legal and informal entities.
Bitcoin, of course.
Simplistically, Bitcoin's market value is a result of supply and demand, Marshall explains.
"Supply is fixed and so the variable is demand," they say. "We're still in the early adopter phase, but now that it seems the scaling debate has been resolved and Bitcoin has survived all the drama, people are taking it more seriously and it's going more mainstream. We should soon go beyond the early adopter phase and the buying and selling of Bitcoin, hopefully, will become more common."
Marshall thinks it's reasonable to expect Bitcoin prices higher than $4,800. "But my guess is they will keep adjusting that amount like they've done in the past," they note. "It seems every month there is a new prediction on the future value of Bitcoin."
"That said, It would surprise me if we don't go beyond $5,000 by year-end," they add.
Are you investing in cryptocurrency? Don't miss TheStreet's coverage:
Some Wall Street professionals compare Bitcoin to gold prices, tying in scarce supply at a time of economic volatility - and that could explain volatile Bitcoin price swings.
"With a hard-wired long term total supply of 21 million coins, we face a series of daunting valuation questions such as: what can I exchange these coins for now versus the future, and how can exponential societal value creation be addressed through such a system?" says Guy Penn, founder of Rush Penn, an investment advisory firm in St. Louis.
Penn says that the market has tried the Bitcoin model before, with the gold standard. "Gold is relatively scarce, with a predefined physical supply, aside from what can be mined," they explain. "Bitcoin mining adds robustness to the system, but does little in terms of value creation in an economic sense."
The real paradox of Bitcoin is that, while its intention is to move beyond the U.S. dollar, its value is heavily influenced by the dollar itself, Penn notes.
"Case in point, if Bitcoin somehow were to jump to a hypothetical $1 million per coin, you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who wouldn't immediately liquidate every one of those coins into U.S. dollars," they say. "As long as there is a liquid exchange between Bitcoin and the U.S. dollar, Bitcoin will remain a function of the dollar."
For now, at least, the media headlines and Twitter blasts on Bitcoin - and its astronomical price rise - may have created a feeding frenzy that has yet to show signs of abating, and that's impacting prices, too.
Here is one Bitcoin bear.
"While it's a bold prediction, yes, I do believe it's realistic that Bitcoin prices could rise to $4,800 by year end," says Clement Thibault, senior analyst at Investing.com. Thibault says it's hard to isolate fundamental factors that impact the price of bitcoin, except maybe for infighting between Bitcoin groups.
"Therefore, Bitcoin's price rises and falls based on the public's interest in the cryptocurrency, and higher prices often create a snowball effect, commanding further interest," they say.
So, $4,800 it is for Bitcoin in 2017 - at least that's the opinion of some investment industry gurus. But who, honestly, would be surprised if the cryptocurrency went much higher - or even much lower?
Don't miss these top stories on TheStreet:
Christmas has come and gone, and with it the candy canes, tinsel, eternally tangled Christmas lights, detailed plans to avoid spending time with family, and gift giving. My gift to you all is three recaps in this one week, but that's less a Christmas miracle and more getting back on track after a brief delay caused by V4C5's recap being, y'know, as cursed as the Defence Against The Dark Arts teaching position. The middle of a trilogy is either way better than the first movie or a Matrix: Reloaded, so judge for yourself as this week, Ren finds out who killed their parents, Weiss meets their soulmate, and Tyrian puts their theatre degree to good use. Old and busted recaps over yonder the RECAP MASTERPOST, new hotness below.
True story. As all episodes should start, finish, and contain all throughout the middle, we begin with Team RNJR.
Naturally, they're like a popular ABC science fiction show that ran from 2004 to 2010. Well, they're not actually lost, but it's been six to eight months and they haven't found Haven yet, and, y'know, I'm trying to increase my quota of Lost references.
Enjoy this one light moment, ‘cause we got both Hurricane Ren's Tragic Backstory, Cyclone Weiss's Breakdown, and Class 3 Tropical Storm Tyrian building off the coast, and the walled town at the end of the road is just the early drizzle…
The first thing you'll notice about this town is that it's not as burn-y as the one from the V4 Trailer or as the recently corpse-y as Shion, so at least we're keeping things fresh. In fact, it looks half-built, abandoned rather than destroyed, hence why it didn't appear on Jaune's map. Also, that means it wasn't Raven's fault. Probably.
Oniyuri wasn't just another destroyed village, and despite having the same end result, it wasn't a simple expansion like Mountain Glenn. This village was an attempt to create a whole new kingdom, the richest of the rich of Mistral thumbing their aristocratic noses at the rule of the Council and getting to live by their own rules, eat ice cream for dinner, set their own bedtimes, et cetera.
I like to think Oniyuri was also an attempt to deliberately ape Atlas, which had somewhat accidentally stumbled onto their new status as a kingdom to replace Mantle, and also that the fact it didn't work led to a whole bunch of rich people's resources either disappearing or being taken as loot… which makes you also think about the reputation of Mistral for having seedy underbellies. Was it the unchecked criminal element that led to the Gatsbys bailing on the Kingdom, or did it only really start after they'd died and been replaced by less savoury rich folk? Regardless, the story of Oniyuri is further reminder that the Grimm put humanity on the ropes in four main kingdoms for a reason, and for Ren, it's also their superhero origin story.
We seemed to be building up to some kind of backstory reveal for Ren this season, and this is it. Their parents believed in this new kingdom, and died to a Grimm that also made a cameo appearance at Shion's destruction. And, curiouser and curiouser, it's just the one Grimm, which… which is going to be a thing. The evocation of Mountain Glenn makes me wonder if the Oniyurians also decided to build their town next door to a sleeping dragon (we'll name them Yuri if so), or… is it Godzilla? Jormungandr? The Smoke Monster? I don't know, and I don't fancy finding out.
Hey if Weiss can have a brother and a mother and Blake can be a Disney Princess, a n y t h i n g goes. We still don't technically know Jaune isn't a mermaid, I'm just throwing it out there. Just picture it.
With this reveal and all the Ren sadness, I'm kinda hoping we never get a direct Nora backstory, just an increasingly ridiculous throwaway lines, like “So back at the circus we used to…” and “Well after my home planet Krypton blew up…” and “I was a virgin birth, no big deal.” Anyways, we'll leave RNJR there, wandering through yet another ghost town, and see what Weiss is up to.
So that concert we set up in Weiss's last appearance is right now. Okay then. Kinda thought there would be a bigger lead-up, but no complaints given where it took us, and hey, badass new Weiss song is always, always, appreciated. This song is also the least subtle thing since platform shoes with goldfish in them, with lyrics specifically designed to target people who don't actually listen to the lyrics of a song (aka the Pumped Up Kids effect). “I'm not your pawn” “This life is mine” “Your moustache sucks, Dad.” kinda makes you wonder what she's really singing about, doesn't it?
In the after-party, Weiss suffers through their father and their moustache's ego-stroking competitions with the other Scrooges, while their brother Whitley just hangs in the background…
Yeaaaaah.
It's scary how quickly Jacques tries to stop Weiss from leaving their side. They pushed them into this concert, put them on the stage, and they probably spent the whole night proudly boasting that their semen produced such a talent; he's a regular Billy Ray Cyrus.
Speaking of assholes, and then there's this glorious idiot with the hair interrupting Weiss trying to reminisce about Beacon:
On this night, with this girl, and with what being designed to look like a guy that this girl actually did have a thing for in more innocent days, this guy didn't stand a fuckin' chance. The anticipation rises in the first-time watcher: is this guy existing in this scene because Weiss is going to make an actual friend, or is they just a douche who's going to set off a series of events that make things worse for Weiss?
The latter it is!
Shallow small talk becomes all the shallower when Henry doesn't even know that A) they're at a charity event -
- or B) that it's for the Fall Of Beacon, aka the biggest event in the last six to eight months.
Three strikes, yer out. I do love seeing Weiss's, for lack of better term, rich bitch side be weaponised in such a way; way back in V1 the Ice Queen's wrath was the thing to fear, but we're cheering them today. It's a righteous anger, a helpless and frustrated burst of something that's about to fully erupt… Henry got off easy, all said.
While I did half expect some noodly blonde to slide up and pick up where Henry left off to really help drive that point of contrasting Beacon and Atlas experiences, instead Weiss stares at the Beacon painting and the completely irony-free Show The World We Care title as the buzz of the crowd, like flies wearing jewels and pretending they're not wading in their own shit, overwhelms her… and then one trophy wife opens their mouth.
It's no wonder Weiss reacts about as well as Benjamin Linus did when they met Jacob. They don't get it. How could they, so far north, living in mansions and castles, higher than high and farther than far, detached and cold to all those below them. They are the richest of the rich that probably deserved to get eaten than Ren's parents. Unless Ren's parents were dicks. I mean, genetically, Ren won the lottery, but maybe orphaning them was the best thing to happen to their attitude? That being said, fanfics with Ren as the rich kid and Nora the orphan can be found where exactly…?
Jacques comes for their daughter, and comes with yet another elbow grab, but Weiss won't have it. She's changed too much, a fighter trained (for like half a year) and bloodied (mostly in other people's), and has been fighting back for six to eight goddamn months. The Weiss of the White Trailer got on stage and curtsied when their song was over. This Weiss curtsies for no bitch, and their song ain't over.
What happens next was long coming. The first time they actively used their summoning semblance, Weiss was trying to sacrifice themselves for like the fifth time, all to defend a fellow student, but now… The painting, a blue-haired idiot, and now the Boarbatusk they killed all the way back in V1C10; everything is what they knew but it's warped, and while their anger plays a part in the summoning, since the boar goes after the mouthy trophy wife, it comes from a place of fear, for their father was trying to take them away again.
Even before I saw Jacques's moustache go all quivery from anger and Weiss's look of sheer fear, I knew this would be a disaster. I did root for it to be a disaster with perhaps a few corpses, but what I got was even better!
There they are. There's the guy. Showing up like the Mysterious Stranger from Fallout, to kill that Grimm for a second time. Poor thing.
The unfortunately un-gored trophy wife demands Weiss's arrest (shoutout to Yang this time last season, amirite), but Ironwood remains the greatest character, and from their perfectly sculpted jaw comes words of support for Weiss. Even Jacques's glare can't beat that. Well, it can, because I'm writing this after V4C7's come out, and, well, hoooooooo boy will we get to that.
For now I'll say it's cool how Weiss, Blake and Yang's arcs are running on similar tracks within this first half of the season. They've all come home, one way or one less limb or another, and had to confront how they've evolved, what they can't escape, and find their new resolves. Yang's put on their new arm, Blake's not done with the White Fang, and Weiss ain't no one's pawn. It's going to get worse before it can get better, for all three of them, but still gotta be proud that they're fighting.
Ruby, meanwhile, has always had the simpler resolve; it's kinda like we're getting a season based on the idea presented in V2C10 after Oobleck had WBY doubting why they were doing what they were doing, while R just did what R did. Unfortunately, that doesn't make things any easier, and their own Rubyness has a consequence-shaped storm-a-comin'.
Ren's the one who senses the danger first - similar to how they sensed the King Taijitu back in V1, so it's probably their Semblance - and the danger comes fast; Tyrian doesn't even introduce themselves before he's beating back Ren, and in their first bout with Ruby they get in a hit that sends them Aura flaring, and then decides to say hi to Jaune -
- before they even get to the introduction part. And, here's the best part: the moment conversation begins, Tyrian drops one act and puts on another.
And by God I don't think I've ever seen such an instant flip on fandom opinion of a villain. Admittedly when you start with a cackling anime villain you don't expect much beyond a guy who's probably going to die quickly, but this guy's a special brand of special, and helps fill some of the void left by Torchwick, that charismatic so-and-so.
Am intensely curious about them finding Jaune interesting -
- but that could be anything from their massive aura to their amazing shampoo and conditioner routine, so I'm going to leave that one.
Ruby being unaware of why Tyrian's there gets them laughing as if she's a comedic genius on the level of a prop comic or someone who makes the “how did they make more than one Final Fantasy? It's called Final Fantasy guys!” joke, but it's clear he's not there to sell their life insurance.
Well, they might sell their life insurance, then kill her, and take the money from the life insurance for himself! The madman! Nora won't let that happen, though, and d'aww RNJR friendship is the bestest.
Jaune steps forward too, and Tyrian takes that rejection like a proper Yandere, and goes for them first.
Cue the fight, and it's awesome 'cause Tyrian is fast. It's quite something to see Qrow and Winter or Cinder and Ozpin go at each other with their super speed, but to see someone of the upper calibre just go to town on our heroes, and also makes things tense as dicks. He's in total control, laughing all the while, but he's not laughing for long, because hey, remember back in the V4C1 recap I said it'd be funny if we saw Ruby shoot Nora with one of their electricity bullets?
Ta-da! The power of electromagnetism has many benefits, such as curing cancer and time travel and whatever was going on with Walt, but it can't stop a surprise reveal: Tyrian is a Scorpio.
And a Scorpion Faunus. Just a coincidence.
There was already like a dozen horribly tragic childhood backstories that could make a villain like Tyrian, but them being a Faunus may just say it all. Ruby, having not watched the scenes with them not in them, is a step or two behind, thinking them one of the White Fang…
And then thinking he's there to avenge my boy Guzma Roman T…
And then again thinking that the goddess Tyrian is working for is Cinder. Like damn Ruby, read the Wiki sometime, it's clearly Neo.
Scorpius Malfoy leaps back into the fray and doesn't let anyone stay in the way of their true target long.
As the fight continues, growing more and more desperate with every second, so too does the beating of the black wings of a red-eyed crow flying into the city, who then upsets those three guys who didn't actually think Qrow could transform into a crow and that it was all a red herring.
With Ruby's Aura depleted completely, The Scorpion from The Scorpion And The Frog raises their stinger for the kill -
- as Ren and Nora and Jaune look on in horror…
But the tail doesn't gouge out any silver eyes, not today. Stinger meets metal, and Ruby looks up at their saviour in disbelief, relief, and finally, joy. It's been six to eight months since she's seen their family, and while Ruby Rose knows they can't just go home, sometimes, just sometimes, you get lucky and home comes to you, half drunk and saving you from a psychotic scorpion man. And that's all that matters. Merry Christmas, everyone.
Well, it's not Christmas anymore, but I think Hanukkah started, so… Happy Hanukkah?
We're at the midpoint of the season now, six down six to go, and I just thought I'd take a moment to talk about how comfortable I am with how everything's going. Like, when Volume 3 ended it ended in a place I loved because of the potential and the multiple storylines, and we're getting exactly what I've hoped for. Elements set up have already paid off - Tyrian's come after Ruby, Weiss has had their concert, Blake's come home, Yang's got their new arm on - and we've got tons to look forward to in the back half: the continuing adventures of Oscar the Farmboi, Weiss, Blake and Yang dealing with their problems, RNJR's got their Obi Wan and will probably be arriving in Mistral literally the day Salem's plan for Haven goes down, and both Raven's tribe and the Grimm that destroyed Shion and Oniyuri still roam the countryside… So much awesomeness. And I know this might be a horrifying notion for some, but it's getting increasingly unlikely we'll get a reunion of Team RWBY this season, and, quite frankly, I don't think I want that yet. The longer it takes, the more earned it'll be, and the longer we can keep RNJR together any interference from those Yokos, the better.
Anyways, just enjoyin' the ride, and hope you're all enjoying it too. Until next time, thanks for reading.
USA Today
The San Diego Chargers are the best AFC team that no one is talking about, and it frankly isn't that close.
In Week 1 of the preseason, the Chargers starters put on a show against the Dallas Cowboys defense. Eventually, the Chargers won 27-7, and the overwhelming moral of the night was that they need to be taken seriously.
Now, a couple caveats here: First, this is the preseason, and the preseason is neither definitive nor meant to be the only piece of evidence we're considering in these matters. Don't think that this opinion was fleshed out for the first time in the second quarter of this meaningless game.
No, rather, it was just a reminder.
Also, the other big neon flashing light in the otherwise darkness of this preseason matchup is that the Cowboys defense isn't quite ready for prime time. The Cowboys had the worst defense in football last year and have had a bunch of injuries already this year. We're at the point that the kids from that Hyundai commercial could've probably put up big yards here.
Still, in a division that already has a Peyton Manning-led Denver Broncos team and a Kansas City Chiefs squad that generated a ton of hype while going undefeated for a huge chunk of last season, it's easy to see why the Chargers might be a little lightly regarded.
That's a big mistake.
Philip Rivers Can Get It Done...and They Have Some Weapons
Justin Edmonds/Getty Images
Peyton Manning was the best quarterback in the NFL last year.
I don't think I'm talking out of turn there, but if we can all be on that page to start this conversation, we'll all be better off for it. We're at the point where that isn't even really an opinion, more of an objective fact that you either accept or get the side-eye from all your football-loving buddies.
After Manning, though, I would argue that Rivers was easily the second-best quarterback in football.
In fact, I would argue that the distance between Manning and Rivers' play last season was shorter than the distance between Rivers and whomever you'd like to put at No. 3. Rivers was, simply, that good, and it's a testament to the work that Mike McCoy and Frank Reich have done not only with the entire offense but also in getting Rivers' head screwed back on the right way.
Rivers was never the problem in San Diego—not even close.
For years, Rivers floundered on a team with little-to-no help around them and certainly none in front of him. Former general manager A.J. Smith let the talent level on the team atrophy to sickening levels, and Rivers was tasked with covering over far too many of their GM's mistakes.
The biggest mistake may have been the lack of quality investment in the team's offensive line, but we'll save that for a little bit later (foreshadowing!). Not far behind that gigantic error, though, is the consistent failure to keep talent around.
For years, Smith ran this team as if it were a minor league farm system for the rest of the league.
Michael Turner, Darren Sproles and Vincent Jackson are just a few names making up a small sample of the kind of talent that Rivers would've loved to have around when just about everyone else on the offense seemed to have no idea what was going on.
New GM Tom Telesco is doing their best to restock the shelves.
Keenan Allen was just a rookie last year and a third-round pick to boot. While I can pat myself on the back for consistently being high on their prospects during the draft process, I have to admit that even I didn't foresee that whole rookie of the year thing.
Think of it this way—as a rookie, Allen didn't get a whole offseason. As a mid-round pick, Allen had to earn snaps and the trust of their quarterback early on in last year's preparation for the season. This year, that isn't the case. It's an entire offseason knowing that this is the money pairing that needs to be fine-tuned even more than it already was last season.
That should scare AFC defenses.
At running back, another storyline out of both training camp and the first preseason game was that the Chargers are back to having the kind of running back depth that they were once so accustomed to. Heck, the oft-maddening Ryan Mathews (who ran well but fumbled over the goal line) might not even be needed after this season—he's a free agent anyway—with the hard-running Donald Brown, the multipurpose Danny Woodhead and the shifty Branden Oliver around.
I know...Dallas Cowboys defense. I remember.
Offensive Line Is a Bunch of Well-Coached Overachievers
Donald Miralle/Getty Images
It will be easy for the Chargers offense to continue to perform if the offensive line keeps improving.
The Norv Turner offense didn't seem to do Rivers any favors, and Rivers spent most of their time wondering how in the world they were supposed to pass the ball down the field in Turner's vertical offense with defenders firmly planted in their grill.
It gets better.
In 2013, the Chargers had one of the worse pass-blocking lines in the league, according to Pro Football Focus (paid link). However, with a cumulative rating of -33.4 (ranked 25th), that's still a ton better than the 2012 offering of -44.0 (ranked 29th). That step up was the difference between being a middle-of-the-road passing offense in 2012 and being the second best in 2013.
Another—even minute—step forward for the line in terms of meshing or simply just understanding their respective roles in the blocking scheme better could send the passing game into the stratosphere.
Rivers passed for almost 4,500 yards last season. This year, 5,000 should be well within reach.
Bet on this unit taking that step forward.
Joe D'Alessandris has been coaching offensive lines for over 35 years and is generally considered one of the very best in the business. They spent years in the college ranks turning groups of little-recruited prospects into finely tuned machines. During their time in the NFL, he's improved every single group while he's been at a stop.
It isn't all sunshine and puppy dogs, though. Right guard Jeromey Clary is currently a question mark for the season opener, and the team is still a few years away from having the depth to make it through any serious injuries along the line.
Eric D. Williams of ESPN listed that very thing as a cause for pessimism in their Camp Confidential:
Along with defensive back, the Chargers also have some concerns with depth and experience along the offensive line. Rookie Chris Watt is the projected starting right guard with Clary out. Although the third-round selection out of Notre Dame has looked solid in training camp, Watt still has not played a meaningful snap in a regular-season game. The Chargers also have question marks behind left tackle King Dunlap and right tackle D.J. Fluker. Mike Harris was solid when called upon last season, starting in two games at left tackle. However, they finished the 2013 season on injured reserve with an ankle injury and has yet to test the issue in a game.
Overall, I think Williams is a little tough on the line in that write-up. Dunlap wasn't a question mark last season when PFF rated them as one of the top offensive tackles in the entire league (paid link). Fluker also acquitted themselves well as a rookie and brings a toughness this team has too often lacked in the recent past.
Most importantly, one has to remember that the Chargers don't need to have the best offensive line on the block. McCoy's offense isn't the long, vertically based offense that Turner pressured this team with. Rivers was as efficient with shorter, quicker passes last season as he's ever been, and that takes some pressure off of the line.
This isn't me overreacting to a preseason game against a bad defense, nor am I telling Chargers fans to start booking hotel rooms for the Super Bowl either. Instead, with help around Rivers and a better line in front of him, it might be time to start talking about this team a little more in 2014.
Michael Schottey is an NFL National Lead Writer for Bleacher Report and a member of the Pro Football Writers of America. Find more of their stuff on their archive page and follow them on Twitter.
When Arsène Wenger finally does write that book there will surely be a chapter about their near misses in the transfer market. It is likely to be substantial. The Arsenal manager rolled out a little more content here, when they mentioned how Pep Guardiola once eluded him.
The Catalan had called time on their playing career at Barcelona in 2001 and they would head for Brescia in Serie A. But not before Wenger held talks with him.
Football transfer rumours: Theo Walcott on their way to Barcelona? Read more
“He wanted to play with me as a coach,” Wenger said before the meeting with Guardiola and Bayern on Wednesday night, in what will be a seismic Champions League occasion. “I met them at home when they were 30, 31. They wanted to play for Arsenal. I can't remember why it didn't happen.
“I had players like [Patrick] Vieira and [Emmanuel] Petit, who were still young then. They showed great personality when we talked. What I admire about them is that their team play very positively.”
There is mutual respect between the managers and there are similarities to their approaches, but there were a couple of moments when Guardiola looked back on the meeting between the teams at the Emirates Stadium two weeks ago. They speculated on what they might expect in the return and highlighted how Wenger had relied on the long ball, which is not the sort of thing that might sit too easily with the Frenchman.
“Arsenal want to attack and build up but when you press Mertesacker and Koscielny, they don't want to play,” Guardiola said. “They play long balls to Giroud. Also, if they lose the ball and we make two or three passes, Mertesacker doesn't want to stay high up, so they go back in their box and defend there.
“Arsenal will try long balls to Giroud. Cech will not play the ball to defenders, they will try long balls to Giroud. We have to defend well and be ready for that.”
The statistics showed that in their earlier Group F ties, Arsenal's proportion of long passes (of 35 yards or more) was 8.6% against Dinamo Zagreb and 5.7% against Olympiakos. Against Bayern it was 19.8%.
The approach was born of necessity. Bavaria hogged the possession at the Emirates and all Arsenals could do was defend with their lives.
When they did come out in an attacking sense, Wenger said they relied on “two weapons”. First, the pace of Theo Walcott on the counterattack and then “a bit more direct with Giroud”. Walcott is one of nine injury absentees for Arsenal at present and so it is likely that even greater onus will fall on Giroud.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Arsenal's Mathieu Debuchy and Olivier Giroud board the team flight to Munich at Luton Airport on Tuesday. Photograph: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images
Wenger's tactics got the job done in the first game, Arsenal's 2-0 win – after the defeats against Zagreb and Olympiakos – serving to keep their campaign alive. And it will be fascinating to see if they can outmanoeuvre Guardiola again at a stadium where Arsenal won in 2013 and drew in 2014.
Wenger predicted Arsenal would endure “uncomfortable moments” during the game against a team who “will put us under pressure and play attacking football”. They name-checked the danger posed by Robert Lewandowski, Thomas Müller and Arjen Robben but they might have mentioned others – Douglas Costa, for example, is in outstanding form.
Wenger suggested that “maybe the best way for us is also to attack”, but it is difficult to see a different pattern to that from the Emirates. It promises to be another test of Arsenal's balance, nerve and defensive discipline.
“When we have to defend, we must do it well and get through these moments,” Wenger said. “And in our good periods, we want to attack. We didn't only want to defend at the Emirates but we organised ourselves to defend well in certain situations.
“We changed and played on the counter. It's difficult to know who will dominate but it will probably be Bavaria.”
Arsenal have generated conviction over recent weeks and something of a feel-good factor. In London, the fires are raging at Chelsea and Wenger's team have come to consider themselves as very serious Premier League title contenders.
And yet their European hopes are on the edge, despite the tonic that was the home win over Bayern. If they fail in Munich and Olympiakos were to beat Zagreb at home, Arsenal would be threatened with a drop into the Europa League. “Defeat would put us in a very bad position and that's why we don't want to lose,” Wenger said.
“We would still have a chance but it would diminish our chances to qualify. The best way is not to get into that position. We want to give everything to win. We are not thinking about how we will deal with the Europa League.”
Wenger has lost Héctor Bellerín to a groin injury, which they said was only minor and so Mathieu Debuchy will come in at right-back for only their fourth appearance of the season. Debuchy has struggled, understandably, for rhythm. On one of the biggest nights of their season, they and Arsenal must find it.
Another episode of Harknee's Rave Cave coming right at ya! Old school vibes this episode alongside some brand-new tracks that have been released in time for Miami music week and Ultra! Its a real eclectic mix that I know you'll all love!
Harknee's Rave Cave is all about showing you the freshest music from the broad spectrum of dance music, from new to old and from the mainstage to the underground.
Each month you can expect to hear tracks that are rocking my world with the intention of showcasing those tracks to you guys in the hope you'll be able to take something away from the show! Expect to hear the occasional guest mix and exclusive tracks from both me, and my fellow DJ's and producers.
SUPPORT ME:
https://www.facebook.com/DjHarknee
https://twitter.com/DJHarknee
https://soundcloud.com/djharknee
Ya boi
Harknee
P.S. I apologise if the mixing is a little rough around the edges, I've recently bought the Pioneer DDJ-SX2 and am still learning my way around it!
For the Lakers who have taken to shunning rookie point guard D'Angelo Russell , as ESPN reported , there is one inescapable fact: with almost no exceptions, Russell will be a Laker for much longer than anyone else on the roster. Everyone likes a principled stand, but everyone likes No. 2 draft picks more.
However you judge the actions of Russell, who surreptitiously recorded teammate Nick Young discussing dalliances with other women in a hotel-room gab session, the result is going to be the same. The video leaked, and as a result, teammates have taken to giving Russell a collective cold shoulder. Maybe Russell broke some unspoken guy rule, maybe they are a no-conscience fink, maybe they are a young guy playing a prank that got out of hand.
MORE: Greatest Lakers ever | Russell needs to grow up and prove it
"Nothing to talk about," Russell said (via Inside SoCal) as they left the Lakers' practice facility without doing interviews. (UPDATE: They and Young addressed the media before Wednesday night's game.)
And there may not be. He's the franchise cornerstone, and the franchise is going to stick with him. There has been much hand-wringing over what Russell's boneheadedness might do to the Lakers locker room, but the Lakers don't have much locker room camaraderie as it is. They're 15-59, and they have (at most) only six players, other than Russell, under contract next season. Does anyone think Russell's stunt will have any impact on the fabric of this team, which has pretty much been unraveled from the outset of the season?
Certainly, the rookie needs to learn from their mistake. A repeat offense would be bad. But this scans as the error in judgment that one unnamed team source described to ESPN as a "prank gone wrong."
Young has been terrible this year, shooting 33.9 percent from the field and averaging a career-low 7.3 points. There was a chance, even without the Russell incident, they were going to be waived this summer, the Lakers eating the remaining $11 million on their ill-advised contract. They have the biggest beef against Russell, of course, but there could very well only be nine games left in the Russell-Young tandem, anyway.
MORE: The 15 most overpaid players in the NBA this season
Forward Brandon Bass has a player option worth $3.1 million, and could very well opt out and become a free agent this summer. That would leave Lou Williams as the only veteran on the roster.
The other Lakers — second-year players Julius Randle and Jordan Clarkson (who likely will re-sign) and fellow rookies Larry Nance Jr. and Anthony Brown — have a distinct interest in letting the Young-Russell kerfuffle pass. For one thing, if the Lakers are to pull themselves out of the last five years' doldrums, guys like Russell, Randle and Clarkson figure to be a part of it. Also, it's never wise for teammates to hold grudges against their point guards. He's the one deciding who gets the ball, after all.
“The only thing I'm disappointed about is it got out,” Lakers coach Byron Scott said (via Inside SoCal), despite their frequent criticisms of Russell. “We're a family and we try to keep everything in house. That's the only thing I'm disappointed.”
Russell might have seen their reputation take a hit in the past week with the news of the leaking of their Young video. But unless they are a serial videographer, this is not something that will stick with him. The bulk of the current Lakers roster will be gone by Summer League, and it's probable the team will have a new coach then. On a different team, one that was just building up into a winner and featured a slew of long-term pieces, this might be an issue going forward. Not with this team, though.
Like Forrest Gump on the first day of school, D'Angelo Russell #1 is having a hard time fitting in with their teammates these days. MORE: LA Lakers guard Nick Young's infidelity is exposed. http://bit.ly/1M1kLH9 Posted by Sporting News on Wednesday, March 30, 2016
MORE: Iggy Azalea says they are thankful for Russell's video
It's not going to be a deterrent for potential free-agents looking to sign with the Lakers, either. One prominent agent was asked about players now being scared off from playing with Russell. They laughed. “No,” they said. “The Lakers have money and they're in LA. That's what players are interested in most.”
Their fellow Lakers, then, can continue to shun Russell as much as they like. It's not hard to imagine how bad the guy feels about the entire situation, and maybe their teammates are justified in spending the season's final three weeks hammering home theirs regrets.
But it just doesn't matter. Russell is not going anywhere. Their teammates might not like him, but they are going to get a whole new crop by next year, anyway.
This afternoon, further information was provided on the first studio release in years from Hip Hop veteran emcee and producer MF DOOM. Released on U.K. imprint Lex Records, BORN LIKE THIS is the latest of the onetime KMD leader's catalog, spanning work with Raekwon [click to read] and Ghostface Killah [click to read].
The work, recorded over the last three years, features the leaked single “Ballskin” [click to listen], produced by Rhymesayers affiliate Jake One. The album reportedly also features some production from J Dilla, familiar to fans of their 2006 Donuts release.
Inspired by 1960s and '70s poet Charles Bukowski, DOOM samples a performance by the man on “Cellz.” Previously, DOOM used Bukowski for a vocal interlude on 2004's “One Beer.”
Due this spring, label reps are already claiming that the New York born veteran is planning other releases in 2009. DOOM‘s new label has informed everyone of their name change. Apparently the Metal Fingerz/Metal Face (MF) prefix will be dropped in favor of the name DOOM–still in all capital letters.
The tracklisting for BORN LIKE THIS is as follows:
01. Supervillain Intro
02. Gazillion Ear
03. Ballskin
04. Yessir (ft. Raekwon)
05. Absolutely
06. Rap Ambush
07. Lightworks
08. Batty-Boys
09. Angelz (ft. Tony Starks)
09. Cellz
10. Still Dope (ft. Empress Sharhh)
11. Microwave Mayo
12. More Rhymin' (ft. Kurious)
13. That's That [click to listen]
14. Suppervillainz
15. Bump's Message
16. Thank Ya
Turkey has launched a bitter attack on French president Nicolas Sarkozy's and France's leadership of the military campaign against Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, accusing the French of lacking a conscience in their conduct in the Libyan operations.
The vitriolic criticism, from both the prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, and the president, Abdullah Gül followed attacks from the Turkish government earlier this week and signalled an orchestrated attempt by Ankara to wreck Sarkozy's plans to lead the air campaign against Gaddafi.
With France insisting that Nato should not be put in political charge of the UN-mandated air campaign, Turkey has come out emphatically behind sole Nato control of the operations.
The row came as France confirmed that one of its fighter jets had destroyed a Libyan air force plane, the first to breach the no-fly zone since it was imposed on 19 March. The Libyan G2/Galeb trainer aircraft was destroyed by an air-to-ground missile just after it landed at an air base near the rebel-held town of Misrata, a French military spokesperson said.
The clash between Turkey and France over Libya is underpinned by acute frictions between Erdoğan and Sarkozy, both impetuous and mercurial leaders who revel in the limelight, by fundamental disputes over Ankara's EU ambitions, and by economic interests in north Africa.
The confrontation is shaping up to be decisive in determining the outcome of the bitter infighting over who should inherit command of the Libyan air campaign from the Americans and could come to a head at a major conference in London next week of the parties involved.
Using incendiary language directed at France in a speech in Istanbul, Erdoğan said: "I wish that those who only see oil, gold mines and underground treasures when they look in [Libya's] direction, would see the region through glasses of conscience from now on."
President Gül reinforced the Turkish view that France and others were being driven primarily by economic interests. "The aim [of the air campaign] is not the liberation of the Libyan people," they said. "There are hidden agendas and different interests."
Earlier this week, Claude Guéant, the French interior minister who was previously Sarkozy's chief adviser, outraged the Muslim world by stating that the French president was "leading a crusade" to stop Gaddafi massacring Libyans.
Erdoğan denounced the use of the word crusade yesterday, blaming those, France chief among them, who are opposed to Turkey joining the EU.
Senior Nato officials are meeting in Brussels for the fourth day in a row to try to hammer out an agreement on who should assume command of the no-fly zone over Libya from the Americans who are determined to relinquish command within days.
Sarkozy has agreed to give Nato military planners operational command of the campaign, but refused to grant the alliance political and strategic control, insisting this should be vested in the broader "coalition of the willing" taking part.
Turkey has responded by blocking Nato planning operations for Libya while stressing that Nato should be given "sole command", senior Nato diplomats said.
Turkey, Nato's second biggest army after the US and its only Muslim member, appears bent on winning the argument. It is already taking part in Nato patrols in the Mediterranean to police an arms embargo on Libya. It wants to limit and shorten the air campaign and proscribe ground attacks on Libya by Nato aircraft. If Nato is given political command of the air effort, Turkey would be able to exercise a veto in a system run on consensus.
The US's top military officer in Europe, Admiral James Stavridis, Nato's supreme commander Europe, has gone to Ankara to try to mediate a deal.
The Turks are incensed at repeated snubs by Sarkozy. The French failed to invite Turkey to last Saturday's summit in Paris which presaged the air strikes. French fighters taking off from Corsica struck the first blows. The Turkish government accused Sarkozy of launching not only the no-fly zone, but their presidential re-election campaign.
While the dispute over Libya is substantive and political, it also appears highly personal, revealing the bad blood simmering between the French president and the Turkish prime minister.
Sarkozy went to Turkey last month for the first time in four years as president. But the visit was repeatedly delayed and then downgraded from a state presidential event. They stayed in Turkey for five hours.
"Relations between Turkey and France deserve more than this," complained Erdoğan. "I will speak with frankness. We wish to host them as president of France. But they are coming as president of the G20, not as that of France."
While the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, is also opposed to Turkey joining the EU, they have voiced their objections moderately. Sarkozy has declared loudly that culturally Turkey does not belong in Europe, but in the Middle East.
France has blocked tranches of Ankara's EU negotiations on the grounds that it should not be seen as ever-fit for membership.
Dustin Brown, on their hit on Logan Couture:
Like I said, I didn't even know it was even a big deal until after the game, really. I didn't also see the hit. I still haven't seen the hit. It was one of those [hits where] I stopped and they were going north, and I was going south. It wasn't anything that I thought [was controversial], at least when it happened, how I felt on the ice. You know on the ice whether it's a borderline hit or not, and it didn't feel like it to me.
Brown, on whether something was fundamentally wrong, or whether there were many little things that weren't working in the Kings' performance:
We just weren't sharp. We were sloppy in all aspects of the game, really. We just weren't very sharp for whatever reason. Our game's puck possession, passing the puck, moving the puck well and skating for each other. It was sloppy all over from our goal line to their goal line. To compete level wasn't where it needed to be as well, so it's like you put those two together, and the result's going to be ugly for the type of team we are.
Brown, on the special teams challenges:
Yeah, we took too many penalties, for one. I don't know how many it was, but in the first little bit of the game, there was a lot of PK. … The types of goals we gave up, too, were a lot of tips.
Brown, on the team's recent struggles in home openers:
I mean, it's hard to say, really. From a collective, team standpoint, we haven't been good the last couple, and even if you go back, I know the year after we won the [first] Cup, we got spanked by Chicago. I don't think there's any real pattern, for whatever reason.
Matt Greene, on when they found out he'd be in the lineup Wednesday:
I was feeling good. Just told Darryl I felt good and thought I had a good chance of playing that night after the pre-game skate.
Greene, on whether they felt any limitations:
Just play, yeah. It's always different going from preseason to regular season, and you just adjust and get your legs under you.
Greene, on Wednesday's challenges:
A lot of things added up. We needed more compete, we needed more guys to work harder. We've got to have better execution, we need a lot of things going forward to win games and to get back to where we know we can play.
Greene, on whether it's difficult to transfer from the preseason to the regular season:
Every other team's doing it. Every other team's going to get there. Obviously San Jose was there last night and we weren't, and we've got to do it in a hurry.
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
EDITOR'S NOTE: The Electron launch was scrubbed again Wednesday night (U.S. time), and liftoff has been rescheduled for Thursday night (U.S. time).
With a fix in place for a propulsion system alarm that cut short a countdown in the final seconds Monday, U.S. time, Rocket Lab is readying an Electron rocket for another try in a window opening at 8:30 p.m. EST Wednesday (0130 GMT Tuesday) to begin a test flight aiming to deliver three small commercial CubeSats to orbit from a remote New Zealand launch pad.
Peter Beck, founder of the U.S.-New Zealand rocket company, said engineers have identified the problem that prevented liftoff on the Electron rocket's last launch attempt on Tuesday afternoon in New Zealand, or Monday night, U.S. time.
Liquid oxygen feeding into one of the Electron booster's nine Rutherford engines was too warm, and the computer-controlled countdown sequencer automatically ordered an abort at T-minus 2 seconds, moments after the engines ignited at Launch Complex 1, a commercial base on the east coast of New Zealand's North Island.
Liquid oxygen valves leading into the Rutherford engines are opened during the final minutes of an Electron countdown, allowing the super-cold fluid chilled to approximately minus 300 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 184 degrees Celsius) to flow through the propulsion system. The “chilldown” procedure ensures the engine components are properly conditioned for start-up.
“We send LOX (liquid oxygen) through the engine to cool the engine as any cryogenic engine does,” Beck told Spaceflight Now in a phone interview. “The conditions of the day were a lot warmer than we've ever experienced, and basically we need to increase the duration of the chilldown schedule, or the bleed schedule. We're basically bleeding liquid oxygen through the vehicle, through the engines, to chill the engines up.
“While they were within our operational limits, on a test flight we have the bounds pulled right in, so it exceeded one of the bounds on the temperature. So as the engine started, it wasn't happy with the LOX temperature and it shut the engines down,” they said.
On the next countdown, programmers have reworked the sequence to start the chilldown procedure earlier.
“It's as simple as that,” Beck said.
The next four-hour launch opportunity opens at 8:30 p.m. EST Wednesday (0130 GMT; 2:30 p.m. New Zealand time Thursday). Rocket Lab has a broader launch period extending through Dec. 17 pre-approved by New Zealand airspace authorities and the Federal Aviation Administration, which has regulatory oversight of Electron launch operations because Rocket Lab is headquartered in Southern California.
Beck said Rocket Lab's launch team has rehearsed a last-second abort, but Monday's countdown was the first time the practice was put into action.
“When you get down to two seconds and engine ignition, of course there's a lot of excitement in the room at that point, but the vehicle is very advanced, with its checking and instrumentation, and the electric turbopumps really enable this kind of thing to occur,” Beck said in a phone interview from Rocket Lab's manufacturing center in Auckland.
The Rutherford engines, developed and produced in-house at Rocket Lab, burn kerosene and liquid oxygen propellants to generate nearly 4,000 pounds of thrust at sea level — and higher power at high altitude. Their 3D-printed pumps are driven by battery-powered electric motors, not gas-driven turbopumps used on large rocket engines.
“The sort of fidelity we have with This is very good,” Beck said of the electric pumps. “On a traditional launch vehicle, it's quite a major (deal) to have an ignition and then be prepared for the next day. For us, because of the electric turbopumps, we just shut down, we do an engine purge, and we're ready to go.”
Weather at the New Zealand launch base, owned an operated by Rocket Lab, will be monitored throughout the day as the launch team prepares for the opening of the next launch window.
“We are keeping an eye on the weather conditions,” Beck said in an interview. “We don't have as good of a day as we did (Monday, U.S. time), but the day is certainly good enough to go for a launch attempt.”
Beck is optimistic the launch can occur before pre-approved launch period closes Dec. 17 (New Zealand time), but officials could extend the period or negotiate a new window if conditions don't allow it.
“We made it through all of the auto sequence and terminal count, and everything on the vehicle was green, so we're pretty hopeful we'll get it off before the end of the window.”
The two-stage Electron rocket will head south from its launch pad on Mahia Peninsula, targeting deployment of three CubeSats provided by two California-based companies — Spire and Planet — in a polar-type orbit ranging between 186 and 310 miles (300-500 kilometers) above Earth.
It will be the second flight of an Electron rocket after a May 25 test launch reached space, but faltered before it attained the speed required to enter orbit.
Rocket Lab blamed a programming error in ground tracking equipment for the vehicle's inability to each orbit. The malfunction caused range safety officers to lose track of the rocket, and they followed procedures to send a termination command to the booster.
The rocket was performing well up to that point around four minutes after liftoff, officials said. The first stage burned as planned for two-and-a-half minutes, and the second stage's modified Rutherford engine ignited as designed.
No payloads were aboard the May 25 test flight.
Rocket Lab officials hope the second mission, which it calls “Still Testing,” will prove out the rest of the Electron rocket's systems through the remainder of the second stage burn, and then demonstrate the launcher's ability to release payloads in orbit.
Backed by venture capital funds in the United States and New Zealand, along with strategic financial investments from Lockheed Martin and the government of New Zealand, Rocket Lab designed the Electron rocket to place up to 330 pounds (150 kilograms) of payload into a sun-synchronous polar orbit, filling a niche in the commercial launch market that analysts say is currently under-addressed.
An Electron launch sells for around $4.9 million, according to Rocket Lab.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Weasels feed on small mammals and have from time to time been considered vermin because some species took poultry from farms or rabbits from commercial warrens. They do, on the other hand, eat large numbers of rodents. They can be found all across the world except for Antarctica , Australia , and neighbouring islands .
Weasels vary in length from 173 to 217 mm (6.8 to 8.5 in), [2] females being smaller than the males, and usually have red or brown upper coats and white bellies; some populations of some species moult to a wholly white coat in winter. They have long, slender bodies, which enable them to follow their prey into burrows. Their tails may be from 34 to 52 mm (1.3 to 2.0 in) long. [2]
A weasel is a mammal of the genus Mustela of the family Mustelidae . The genus Mustela includes the least weasels , polecats , stoats , ferrets and minks . Members of this genus are small, active predators, with long and slender bodies and short legs. The family Mustelidae (which also includes badgers , otters , and wolverines ) is often referred to as the "weasel family". In the UK, the term "weasel" usually refers to the smallest species , the least weasel ( M. nivalis ). [1]
The English word "weasel" was originally applied to one species of the genus , the European form of the least weasel ( Mustela nivalis ). This usage is retained in British English , where the name is also extended to cover several other small species of the genus. However, in technical discourse and in American usage, the term "weasel" can refer to any member of the genus, or to the genus as a whole. Of the 17 extant species currently classified in the genus Mustela , 10 have "weasel" in their common names. Among those that do not are the stoat , the polecats , the ferret , and the European mink . The American mink and the extinct sea mink were commonly included in this genus as Mustela vison and Mustela macrodon , respectively, but in 1999 were moved to the genus Neovison . [3]
Weasels have been assigned a variety of cultural meanings.
In Greek culture, a weasel near one's house is a sign of bad luck, even evil, "especially if there is in the household a girl about to be married", since the animal (based on its Greek etymology) was thought to be an unhappy bride who was transformed into a weasel[4] and consequently delights in destroying wedding dresses.[5] In neighboring Macedonia, however, weasels are generally seen as an omen of good fortune.[4][5]
In early-modern Mecklenburg, Germany, amulets from weasels were deemed to have strong magic; the period between August 15 and September 8 was specifically designated for the killing of weasels.[6]:255
In Montagne Noire (France), Ruthenia, and the early medieval culture of the Wends, weasels were not meant to be killed.[6]
In North America, Native Americans (in the region of Chatham County, North Carolina) deemed the weasel to be a bad sign; crossing its path meant a "speedy death".[7] According to Daniel Defoe also, meeting a weasel is a bad omen.[8] In English-speaking areas, weasel can be an insult, noun or verb, for someone regarded as sneaky, conniving or untrustworthy. Similarly, "weasel words" is a critical term for words or phrasing that are vague, misleading or equivocal.
Japanese folklore Edit
Japanese weasel
In Japan, weasels (鼬、鼬鼠, itachi) were seen as yōkai (causing strange occurrences). According to the encyclopedia Wakan Sansai Zue from the Edo period, a nate of weasels would cause conflagrations, and the cry of a weasel was considered a harbinger of misfortune. In the Niigata Prefecture, the sound of a nate of weasels making a rustle resembled six people hulling rice, so was called the "weasel's six-person mortar", and it was an omen for one's home to decline or flourish. It is said that when people chase after this sound, the sound stops.[9]
They are also said to shapeshift like the fox (kitsune) or tanuki, and the nyūdō-bōzu told about in legends in the Tōhoku region and the Chūbu region are considered weasels in disguise, and they are also said to shapeshift into ōnyūdō and little monks.[9]
In the collection of depictions, the Gazu Hyakki Yagyō by Sekien Toriyama, they were depicted under the title 鼬, but they were read not as "itachi", but rather as "ten",[10] and "ten" were considered to be weasels that have reached one hundred years of age and became yōkai that possessed supernatural powers.[11] Another theory is that when weasels reach several hundred years of age, they become mujina (badger).[12]
In Japanese weasels are called iizuna or izuna (飯綱) and in the Tōhoku Region and Shinshu, it was believed that there were families that were able to use a certain practice to freely use kudagitsune as iizuna-tsukai or kitsune-mochi. It is said that Mount Iizuna, from the Nagano Prefecture, got its name due to how the gods gave people mastery of this technique from there.[13]
According to the folkloristician Mutō Tetsujō, "They are called izuna in the Senboku District,[* 1] Akita Prefecture, and there are also the ichiko (itako) that use them."[14] Also, in the Kitaakita District, they are called mōsuke (猛助), and they are feared as yōkai even more than foxes (kitsune).[14]
In the Ainu language, ermines are called upas-čironnup or sáčiri, but since least weasels are also called sáčiri, Mashio Chiri surmised that the honorary title poy-sáčiri-kamuy (where poy means "small") refers to the least weasels.[15]
Kamaitachi Edit
Kamaitachi is a phenomenon wherein one who is idle is suddenly injured as if their or their skin were cut by a scythe. In the past, this was thought to be "the deed of an invisible yōkai weasel". An alternate theory, asserts that kamaitachi is derived from kamae tachi (構え太刀, "stance sword"), so were not originally related to weasels at all.[16]
More than half of women who take the morning-after pill could still fall pregnant because they are overweight, experts have warned.
Emergency contraception providers have been advised to tell women who are overweight according to their BMI or weigh more than 11st that it is possible the drug will not work.
New guidelines issued by the Faculty of Sexual and Reproductive Healthcare (FSRH), part of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, raise concerns over the two most commonly prescribed morning-after pills, levonorgestrel and ulipristal acetate, known as Levonelle or ellaOne.
Researchers found that having a BMI of more than 26 particularly affected the effectiveness of Levonelle, which has to be taken within 72 hours of having unprotected sex.
The report said: "Women should be informed that it is possible that higher weight or BMI could reduce the effectiveness of oral emergency contraception, particularly levonorgestrel for emergency contraception. Women should be informed that the effectiveness of the copper IUD is not known to be affected by weight or BMI."
Double dosing of the morning-after pill is not usually advised, but the guidelines say doctors should consider prescribing twice the dose of Levonelle if a patient is overweight.
The FSRH advises that a copper intrauterine device, known as an IUD or coil, is the most effective form of emergency contraception.
However it warned a recent survey of women aged 18-45 found "worrying gaps" in knowledge about the most effective methods of emergency contraception.
Around one in 10 women could identify the most effective form of emergency contraception, the copper coil. Nearly two-thirds incorrectly believed the morning-after pill was most effective.
Dr Asha Kasliwal, FSRH president, said: "The guideline's emphasis on the efficacy of the copper intrauterine device as emergency contraception and ongoing contraception reinforces existing Nice (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) guidance on this issue and we hope its publication will further awareness amongst healthcare professionals and women alike that the copper IUD is the most effective form of emergency contraception."
Figures released by the NHS this week showed that in 2015 around 60% of women in England were classed as overweight or obese, meaning their BMI was higher than 25.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— North Carolina Department of Public Safety officials scrambled Thursday to take down a website that included the names and personal information of thousands of crime victims, including rape victims, who had applied for financial assistance from the state.
A WRAL.com reporter discovered the security breach while doing research for a story about the state's Crime Victims Compensation program. By law, the personal information of victims who apply for the program is not public record.
The breach happened sometime in late 2012 after the department created a new website and moved it to a state server, according DPS Communications Director Pamela Walker. Although the information was publicly available for more than a year, state workers investigating the breach believe it is "highly unlikely that anybody accessed this site," Walker said.
"The department strongly believes that the odds of anybody accessing this internal site are extremely low. The exact URL must be typed in to access it," Walker added. "The URL address was inadvertently provided when responding to a WRAL records request."
WRAL News was able to find information about victims on the site as far back as 1992, including names, dates of birth, dates of the crimes, how much money they requested and whether they were denied or received financial help. Some of the cases included names and birth dates of children who had been sexually abused.
The Crime Victims Compensation program gives victims up to $30,000 for medical bills, lost wages and counseling and gives family members up to $5,000 for funeral expenses. Victims of assault, sexual abuse, domestic violence, drunken driving, homicide, pedestrian hit-and-run and rape can apply to get financial help.
The data breach comes as the department marks National Crime Victims' Rights Week, which it has been promoting on its website – the same website where victims' personal information was posted until it was taken down Thursday afternoon.
"We appreciate WRAL bringing this to our attention. The website was taken offline as soon as we were made aware that it was publicly accessible," Walker said. "The department respects victims' rights to privacy and works diligently to keep their information confidential. We sincerely apologize for this breach in privacy."
Monika Johnson Hostler, executive director of the North Carolina Coalition Against Sexual Assault, says it's important for victims to know that the information was posted online.
"For many victims, they're going to want to know who could have potentially seen it. It's the Internet – anyone could have seen it," they said. "We will definitely work with these families to make sure that they understand that this was not malice intent. But while it is a reality, how do we work through that with them?"
Walker said Friday they were still deciding whether to alert victims to the security breach.
"The odds are minuscule that anybody else has accessed this site outside of victims' services," they said. "We don't want to unnecessarily alarm (victims)."
Walker added that the agency "is researching additional security measures to prevent something like this from happening again."
Jeff Crume, a 30-year veteran of IT security and author of the blog Inside Internet Security says it's a good sign that the site didn't appear on Google search results or the Internet Archive, but it's not 100 percent conclusive.
"There's no way to know if anyone else might have copied this other than through (logs). There could be any number of smaller bots that could have accessed this data," they said.
Crume says controlling access to a website that contains private information should be routine for the state's IT department.
"It's not something that would be abnormal or would require extensive skills to do," they said.
The website appeared to be for internal use, as a way for the agency to track the cases, but it was publicly available to anyone who had the link. The site included a "director's to-do" list where Crime Victims Compensation Director Janice Carmichael kept track of which cases they needed to review, including cases marked "priority," "recommended approval," "recommended disapproval" or "pending."
The site also linked to a meeting agenda for the Crime Victims Compensation Commission, a seven-member committee that reviews victims' claims that exceed $12,500. Carmichael first reviews the cases and makes recommendations to the commission, which votes to approve or deny the claims.
WRAL News was able to read the commission's upcoming June 18 agenda, which includes Carmichael's recommendations for which victims should be approved or denied money. As of Thursday, Carmichael had recommended that five victims get compensation, totaling more than $70,000, and that 15 people be denied. The victims' names, case numbers and recommended award amounts were included on the agenda.
Another section of the website allowed users to search for crime victims' cases by date or specifically for those who applied for the rape victim assistance fund.
This is not the first time the agency has revealed personal information about victims.
Last month, during a public meeting, members of the Crime Victims Compensation Commission openly discussed cases using victims' first and last names and talked about personal details, including whether certain victims had been involved with drugs. A WRAL.com reporter and a member of the public were present during the open meeting.
"We do sometimes let news media sit in, but you should have been given clear instruction that the person's name does not need to be publicized," Walker said.
Amanda Martin, an attorney representing Capitol Broadcasting Co., the parent company of WRAL News, said commission members are obligated to protect victims' personal information, not people in attendance at the meeting.
"When a public body conducts a meeting in open session, they cannot put limits on what will be published or broadcast by the media," Martin said. "A public body should strive to do as much of its work in an open session as possible. I applaud the commission for trying to permit the public access to see how they operate, but it's their obligation to do so in a way that's compliant with the law."
N.C. statute 15B-8.1 says "all medical information relating to the mental, physical, or emotional condition of a victim or claimant and all law enforcement records and information and any juvenile records shall be held confidential by the Commission and Director. All personal information ... of victims and claimants and all information concerning the disposition of claims for compensation, except for the total amount awarded a victim or claimant, shall be held confidential by the Commission and Director."
In an email Friday afternoon, Walker said the commission plans to make changes to how it conducts its meetings, including assigning an attorney to attend the meetings, providing training to commissioners on protecting confidential information and implementing a new procedure for discussing the cases without using names.
The state Crime Victims Compensation program was created in the 1980s and has paid out more than $130 million to nearly 25,000 crime victims. The program, which received about $11.4 million last year, is funded through state appropriations and federal funding, which covers 60 percent of the costs.
The Price of Bitcoin Touches New Highs Reaching the $6K Mark
The price of bitcoin took a stab at the $6K zone today at approximately 11:20 am EDT reaching yet another record all-time high. The decentralized cryptocurrency run in 2017 has outperformed nearly every commodity, stock, and state-issued currency worldwide.
Also read: The Evolution of Cryptocurrency Visuals, Memes, and Bitcoin Street Art
Bitcoin Touches $6K Across Global Exchanges
The price of bitcoin has touched a new all-time high of US$6,000 across multiple global exchanges with a current 24-hour volume of $1.7B. This year, high levels of trading are currently stemming from countries like Japan, the U.S., South Korea, and various regions across Europe. Additionally, bitcoin is trending in countries with failing economies like Zimbabwe, and Venezuela as citizens are using the digital asset to escape hyperinflation. Merchant acceptance is growing wild too as nearly every week news.Bitcoin.com is reporting on a new well-known vendor, nonprofit, or organization that accepts bitcoin for services or donations.
Mainstream Media and Well-Known Investor Hype
Due to the massive price spike, this year Bitcoin has caught the attention of mainstream media with publications like CNBC, Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg and more writing headlines about the cryptocurrency regularly. Furthermore, well-known billionaire types and top financial strategists believe bitcoin's price will continue to go moon-bound. This includes the former Bear Stearns limited partner Jeffrey Epstein, Fundstrat's Tom Lee, and Fortress's Michael Novogratz all saying they see massive potential with bitcoin. Novogratz says that they think the price of a bitcoin will touch US$10,000 in six to 10 months. Tom Lee thinks the price could reach $25,000 in just five years if bitcoin investors capture just 5 percent of the gold market.
More Milestones In 2017
Bitcoin has been breaking other records besides the price milestones. Lately, there are over 300,000 daily bitcoin transactions, and the network hashrate has touched at a whopping nine exahash per second twice this year. Bitcoin mining revenue is extremely high these days, and the hashrate continues to increase even though some miners are switching between the BTC and BCC chains. Further, wallet adoption has intensified as companies like Blockchain and Coinbase have issued over 27.5M wallets to bitcoin users. All of these network attributes have increased in the midst of forks, PBOC warnings, and Chinese exchange shutdowns, and increased regulation.
Current Statistics
Bitcoin's global trade volume has been much more intense over the past two weeks capturing roughly $2-3B in 24-hour volume. At over $6K per BTC, the decentralized currency has amassed a massive market capitalization of over $100B. Currently, order books across popular exchanges like Bitstamp, show resistance is strong above the $6200-6300 range. The path to the upside seems a bit clearer, as the short-term 100 Simple Moving Average (SMA) has crossed with the longer term 200 SMA and is currently above that trendline. This is a sure sign bulls have control of the market and are not slowing down. However, there could be some sell-off after these new highs peak, as the Stochastic still shows overbought conditions. At 11:20 am EDT the resistance surrounding the $6,000 region is heavy and some slight consolidation took place. At the time of writing the buyers are rallying hard to get the price back to the $6K price region.
Bitcoin's Performance In 2017 Is Just the Beginning
Overall bitcoin proponents across the web are thrilled with BTC reaching the $6K mark, and many believe the moon launch is just getting started. This year has been phenomenal with bitcoin capturing the $1K price back in January, the $2K range back in May, the $3-4K climb in August, $5K this past October 12, and now $6K during mid-October. That's more than a 700 percent climb throughout the course of the past three quarters and there are still a few more months left in 2017!
Where do you see the price going from here? Let us know in the comments below.
Disclaimer: Bitcoin price articles and markets updates are intended for informational purposes only and should not to be considered as trading advice. Neither Bitcoin.com nor the author is responsible for any losses or gains, as the ultimate decision to conduct a trade is made by the reader. Always remember that only those in possession of the private keys are in control of the “money.”
Images via Pixabay, and, Bitcoin Wisdom, Bitstamp Trading view, and Blockchain.info
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The new Mad Max movie is getting a lot of buzz, and a few people are calling it a modern classic. There's a flamethrower guitar in the movie, which means it's time for cosplay accouterments. Our ‘ol buddy [Caleb] loves flamethrowers and poofers, so hacking together a Doof Warrior inspired flamethrowing ukulele was natural for him.
The fuel for this uke is a can of butane actuated with a caulking gun. This setup is actually pretty clever; by removing the locking tab on the caulking gun, butane is released when the gun's trigger is squeezed, but stops when the trigger is released. The igniter is a simple grill igniter is used to light the gas.
[Caleb] is rather famous for their flamethrowing creations. Their life-size fire-breathing piranha plant uses a similar setup to shoot fire.
Video below.
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer speaks at a rally calling on the Senate to defeat the Graham-Cassidy bill to replace the Affordable Care Act on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2017. (Michael Reynolds/EPA-EFE)
Senate Democrats, who spent weeks thinking they had won the fight to keep the Affordable Care Act in place, are mobilizing alongside progressive activists for 11 more days on the defensive.
"They're going to hear from us one more time!" Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer said at a Tuesday afternoon rally outside the Capitol. "Protesting, picketing, emailing — you name it!"
The multilevel campaign to block the Republican bill consists of everything progressives did to stop previous iterations — from "melting the phones" of Republican senators to waging sit-ins at their offices.
This time, activists admit, feels different and more desperate. There's fear that Senate Republicans learned from their first failed attempt at repeal, as House Republicans did in March. There's some bitterness directed toward Senate Democrats, who cut a deal on the debt limit with President Trump — one that infuriated Republicans, but also created an opening on the calendar before the GOP's Sept. 30 deadline to pass a bill with a bare majority.
"That was a blunder on the part of Democrats," said Angel Padilla, the policy director of the grass-roots Indivisible coalition. "Why not wait until September 30 to cut that deal? We would have otherwise been talking about the debt ceiling and disaster relief."
Democrats, who remain cautiously optimistic they can stop the repeal bill, rejected the idea they had botched their timing. Republicans, starting with the president, had never really given up on trying to repeal the ACA.
New health-care plan stumbles under opposition from governors
"This has been about fulfilling a political objective from day one," Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) said. "As soon as the parliamentarian's ruling came down, they were going to be under a lot of pressure to get something by the end of the [fiscal] year. Everybody can put blame somewhere, but it's squarely on Republicans' shoulders that they're trying to ram this through, in an unprecedented way, over the last two weeks of the month."
Republicans, light on outside support for their own bill, were hoping to sow more division on the other side. Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), one of its key co-sponsors, had introduced it at a news conference just hours before Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) rolled out a "Medicare for All" proposal backed by 16 Democrats. Graham told reporters Tuesday Republicans were more energized to pass a GOP-only bill after Democrats introduced their legislation.
"It was a gift from the political gods," Graham said. "Bernie made this issue easy."
Sanders had worried about distracting from the repeal push, and delayed their legislation several times to ensure they wouldn't. In a Tuesday tweet, a Sanders spokesperson pointed out Medicare for All was nearly three times as popular as the Graham-backed plan to block grant Medicaid, depending on the poll. In interviews, Democrats on both sides of the single-payer issue absolved their colleague.
"A number of Democrats have introduced a number of bills which are clearly aspirational, so I don't see what this has to do with it," said Sen. Christopher A. Coons (D-Del.), who did not endorse the Sanders bill.
"They were going to do this anyway," Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) said. "The bill existed beforehand. They were taking a lot of heat from the president for not getting it done."
As of Tuesday afternoon, arguments about strategy were having little impact on the grass-roots mobilization. Every group that had organized against the last repeal push had picked up its pace — though some, noted Padilla, were pivoting back from the fight over giving legal status to undocumented immigrants.
Indivisible had reactivated a phone call tool that helped activists target key senators, and spiffed up its TrumpCare Ten website. CREDO Action, another coalition member, was urging members who had already made more than 50,000 calls against "Trumpcare" to start calling again. Ultraviolet, a progressive women's group, was "bird-dogging" Republicans in person to confront them on flip-flops from their past health-care positions.
"If we can slow it down and inundate them with calls, we can stop this," said Amy Siskind, an activist who assembles a weekly emailed list of ways that Trump is altering America's governing norms. "I'm coming up on week 45 without a day off."
[The key players in the Republicans' last ditch effort to kill the ACA]
"People who cried tears of relief when Trumpcare was defeated last time are recording videos for John McCain and Lisa Murkowski," said Ben Wikler, the Washington director of MoveOn.org. "They're going to remember how well that was received. That was something new for a lot of people — organizing to thank Republican senators. It's hard to express how furious those people will be if Republicans turn around and take away their health care."
Some of those activists were already turning up by Tuesday. At the rally outside the Capitol, where a dozen Senate Democrats took turns urging voters to protest the bill, a 38-year old Charlottesville activist named Rebecca Wood said they had rallied for the ACA at least 41 times.
"I cried every time, until the night when I thought we won," they said.
Democrats, who had worried about activists not taking the next repeal push seriously enough, spent Tuesday thanking them for re-engaging.
"Just when you thought it was safe to go home and relax!" Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) told activists outside the Capitol. "Just when you thought you could take off your fighting shoes!"
"It's like a horror movie — Nightmare on Capitol Hill, part five," Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) said.
"We have to fight sometimes," Sen. Kamala D. Harris (D-Calif.) said. "Let's not throw up our hands. Let's roll up our sleeves."
Read more at PowerPost
