Hollywood Up And Comers Recognizing That The Big Gatekeepers May Be More Of A Threat Than Silicon Valley
from the fighting-the-status-quo dept
I feel like the solutions proposed from Hollywood establishment just might be in favor of the status quo rather than helping up-and-comers. Call it a hunch. So while industry bosses are distracted with their fight to sustain the old business model, I figured it might be a good time to start a series of conversations between the tech sector and young Hollywood to make some sense of the seismic shift happening in the industry.
Masnick's M.O. is disruptive innovation -- or as they describe it "how we get cool stuff." Creating cool stuff -- honestly, isn't that what most of us get in the business to do? The problem is, Hollywood isn't responsible for creating enough cool stuff these days (especially locally) to keep us all employed. A lot of the cool stuff is now coming from the tech sector with Hollywood standing idly by. In conversations with those employed with the studios, production companies and agencies around town, I've heard projects worked on self-described as "lame," "derivative," or the backhanded compliment: "Meh, at least it'll make money."
Despite the MPAA's insistence that it wants to "talk" to Silicon Valley, it still seems to think that just means getting together with Google's lobbyists in Washington DC. Thankfully, the MPAA doesn't really represent the full movie industry, and plenty of young filmmakers realize that the tech industry isn't the enemy and has been providing tons of great tools and services that up-coming filmmakers rely on every day. Some of them are realizing that perhaps the real fight is between the legacy gatekeepers and the up-and-comers... and as such, the up-and-comers should have a much closer relationship with the tech industry.Gina Hall is a young Hollywood filmmaker who reached out to me and some others in Silicon Valley to begin this discussion , recognizing that perhaps the MPAA's claims don't match up with their best interests:There are a few quotes from me in that article, in which they note that it really does seem like the tech industry is coming up with all the cool stuff thathelps young filmmakers today -- from tools (like cheaper cameras) to services (like YouTube) to ways to monetize (like Kickstarter). Old Hollywood? Not so much:I'm looking forward to their continuing series, showing that the tech industry andHollywood are very much in alignment. The only real problem is with the legacy players in the business who are just looking to keep making money the way they used to, without actually changing with the market.
Filed Under: enablers, gatekeepers, gina hall, hollywood, pipa, silicon valley, sopa, young hollywood
Greece could need a third bailout when its current programme expires at the end of June, the EU's eurozone commissioner has said.
Speaking on Monday in Riga (2 March) Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis said that a third bailout could be needed when the current programme expires in June even if eurozone ministers agree to give Greece a credit line, because Athens would be unlikely to fund itself on the capital markets.
Dombrovskis - Greece could need third bailout (Photo: consilium.europa.eu)
“Greece may need an additional arrangement after this programme expires,” said Dombrovskis, adding that “recent financial instability” made it less likely that Greece would be able to return to self-financing on the markets
“With the previous government, we were discussing how Greece would move back to the market financing with the help of a precautionary arrangement or enhanced-conditions credit line,” said Dombrovskis. “Now this scenario, however, seems less likely.”
There has been periodic speculation that Greece would need a further loan programme, on top of the €240 billion in loans it has received in two programmes since 2010, since German finance minister Wolfgang Schaueble raised the prospect in 2013.
For their part, Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos on Monday said negotiations on a third bailout for Greece - worth between €30bn and €50bn - have already started.
The "central scenario for Greece is a deal on the basis of the current bailout, and new conditions to be set with flexibility," said de Guindos, who added that the country had no alternative to "European solidarity".
However, the spokesperson for Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the Dutch chairperson of the Eurogroup of finance ministers, denied that new bailout talks are ongoing.
"Eurozone finance ministers are not discussing a third bailout," Simone Boitelle said.
Greece received a four-month extension to its bailout last week after tabling a programme of reforms that will keep to the strict economic and budget targets required by its creditors.
Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis is expected to outline the plans, which include new taxes on the wealthiest Greeks, at a eurogroup meeting next week, with implementation to start immediately on a handful of key reforms.
But the country faces an acute cash-flow crisis. ECB statistics reveal that Greek bank deposits have collapsed from around €150 billion in early 2012 to little more than €45 billion.
Meanwhile, the €7.2 billion which remains in the bailout fund is on hold until Greece starts to implement reforms, as is €1.9 billion in profits made by the European Central Bank from buying Greek bonds, putting further pressure on the cash-strapped government.
There are fears that Greece could run out of cash within the next couple of weeks, as it faces a €1.5 billion repayment to the IMF, although these were played down by Varoufakis in an interview on Monday.
"We are confident that the repayments will be made in full, particularly to the IMF, and there will be liquidity to get us through the end of the four-month period," said Varoufakis, adding that "March is sorted."
The Syriza government insists that it does not want another austerity-tied bailout programme.
“Let them forget a third bailout. The Greek people put an end to bailouts with their vote,” said Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras at the weekend.
For some people, the words yielding and surrender might evoke romance novels—lovers swept away by passion, tearing each other's clothes off, transported to an idyll of true-love-forever. Or yielding and surrender can raise the specter of submissive women who are ceaselessly compliant, handmaidens in the backgrounds of men's lives.
But there's another perspective. Surrendering to a partner, yielding to their or their needs and desires, is an opportunity to give love, in large and small ways. I define yielding as flexibility with grace. And for couples, yielding is an art form that can enhance a relationship. All it takes is a bit of yin and yang.
According to Chinese philosophy, there is a natural order in the universe that works like a beautiful piece of harmonious music—yin and yang. We all have it. And in our interactions with the world, we use both energies.
Yin is feminine energy: soft, dark, cool, hidden, subtle, and complex. Yin is much more fluid, more nurturing, than yang. Yin's strength is to preserve life, to keep major support systems in line. Yin knows when to stop, to yield.
Yang is masculine energy: strength, action, and relentless assertiveness. It is a protective energy. Surrender is not an option. The power of yang is that it can lock onto a goal and be undistractible. And, of course, that's its greatest weakness. Although male energy may seem like a powerful force, it is also fragile. Men spend a lot of energy being male: trying to protect, provide for, and please their families. For men, yielding can feel as if they're not doing their job.
This energetic interplay of yin and yang is always present in relationships, none of which stay perfectly balanced for long. Like anything else that is a work in progress, the mini-dynamics of a relationship—who is cranky, feeling unheard, going through a work crisis; who has more energy…or less—can change on a daily basis.
Although women are more yin and men are more yang, nobody could survive without both energies. One of the strongest characteristics of yin is its receptivity. When someone listens, really listens to you, that person is being yin. They or they are literally receiving your words, your import; yielding to you, allowing you to speak and be heard.
Yielding is as much a part of survival as standing firm. There will be many times in a relationship when this means that you rise above your own mind-state and remain generous and loving to your partner. You drop any facade of yang, you get quiet, and you listen for cues. Your partner will notice and begin to feel some measure of ease or relief—your yin.
When yielding is mutual, it is the balm that eases the friction of whatever unhappy situation we find ourselves in. Everyone has heard the statement, “This has brought us closer together.” It is because each person leaned toward and yielded to the other's needs. They both feel loved, cared about, and supported. This is a perfect interplay of yin and yang. Each partner is using yang energy to protect and yin to nurture.
Yielding can also be a great way to end arguments. A smile and a “You know what? You're right,” given graciously, can completely defuse a relationship hot spot. It's like bringing delicious sandwiches to a knife fight. Of course, you'll want to pick the battles you end this way. You will have to do some soul searching and determine whether you are only trying to win—never a good thing by itself in a relationship—or whether the issue really matters to you. Often, if we are completely honest, there are things we don't care that much about. Yielding to your partner's needs or wants wouldn't take as much as it would give. Being yin, giving in, instead of putting up a yang front, is immeasurably better for both of you.
And yielding is never as immediate and direct as it is in the context of touch. The interplay of yin and yang—yin receptive, gentle, loving; and yang overarching, insistent, hungry—in each partner melds into a complex and lovely dance of give and receive.
Surrendering, yielding to your partner, is a gift, given and accepted with the knowledge that it has come from the heart of someone who cares deeply about you.
Click here to see Rose's tips for healthy and happy relationships
Geoff Blades worked on Wall Street for a long while, eventually making their way up the chain to become a VP at Goldman Sachs. After living through the negative effects of two major economic downturns, though, they began to question what they wanted from life. Eventually they quit their job and, after many years of reading and research, they became a career coach. Do What You Want on Wall Street is essentially a comprehensive manual for developing your career, and Blades's main point is that you have to be intentional about your choices from the start. You need to define what you want in your career, develop a process for getting it, and then build yourself into the person who can achieve it. They offer a five-step system for accomplishing this.
Some of the tips I appreciated most from this book:
(*) You don't need to know exactly what you want from your job at first; you just need to know the general direction you want to go.
(*) Spend 10 minutes telling yourself the story of your life every morning--where you are going and how you are going to get where you want to go.
(*) Know the "character" of who you need to be to get what you want out of meeting, negotiation, or other interaction.
(*) Commit to the path in front of you, but always be considering your options.
(*) In other words, don't wait for change to happen to you. Always be on the offensive, looking for ways to move and advance in your career.
(*) Always be developing your SELF. Read, meditate, grow.
And there is so much more information and advice in here. Most of it is insightful and helpful, and I think people currently working (or planning on working) on Wall Street sill benefit from reading it.
I will say, though, that the book can be exhausting in its comprehensiveness. There are principles within steps within chapters. It goes on and on. The information is organized, yes, but there are so many sub-points (even within sub-points) that it can be hard to follow and absorb. The planning and executing sections (Steps 3 and 4 in Blades's five-step system) are insanely detailed and dense. For those two sections, especially, you really have to go slowly, take notes, and reread.
Certainly, needing to study a book is not a negative thing in and of itself! But I still maintain that the presentation would have been stronger, overall, if Blades had trimmed down their ideas a little. Instead of including every single bit of career advice that they give their clients, Blades could have argued a few really strong, really clear points (and perhaps saved the rest for later books). At the very least, I would have appreciated being given the option to dig deeper or stay light (like, for example, how What Color Is Your Parachute puts the extensive personality/career test at the very end of the book, as an optional exercise to complete or not).
Regardless, there is no denying that Blades makes good points and offers helpful advice. I think most will find this book helpful. I definitely learned a lot.
There are few things we enjoy more than a good mascot battle.
These days those tend to occur on social media, with our favorite still being the Twitter back and forth last year between Miami's Sebastian Ibis and Louie the (Louisville) Cardinal.
This time around, it was Bucky Badger and Goldy Gopher trading barbs before Saturday's Minnesota-Wisconsin showdown to decide the Big Ten West. The Battle for Paul Bunyan's Axe is the most-played rivalry in college football, contested every year since 1890.
But 1890 this is not. Nowadays, mascots trash talk on Twitter. And we get to enjoy it.
I tried googling "@GoldytheGopher and the Paul Bunyan Axe" and this is all that showed up... #AxeWeek #BoomRoasted pic.twitter.com/FgBcGk65kq — Bucky Badger (@UWBuckyBadger) November 25, 2014
Hey @GoldytheGopher, how many swings of an Axe does it take to chop down a goal post? Oh wait. You wouldn't know. #AxeWeek — Bucky Badger (@UWBuckyBadger) November 26, 2014
.@UWBuckyBadger still needs the crust cut off their sandwiches #AxeWeek — Goldy Gopher (@GoldytheGopher) November 25, 2014
.@GoldytheGopher was always picked last in middle school gym class #AxeWeek — Bucky Badger (@UWBuckyBadger) November 26, 2014
.@UWBuckyBadger doesn't know how to save 15% on car insurance in 15 minutes #AxeWeek — Goldy Gopher (@GoldytheGopher) November 26, 2014
.@GoldytheGopher always takes penny but never leaves a penny #AxeWeek — Bucky Badger (@UWBuckyBadger) November 26, 2014
.@GoldytheGopher gets to class early and sits on the end of the row. #rude #AxeWeek — Bucky Badger (@UWBuckyBadger) November 26, 2014
.@UWBuckyBadger takes the front seat even if you call shotgun first #AxeWeek — Goldy Gopher (@GoldytheGopher) November 26, 2014
Neovolve:
Neovolve is a Genetic Programming framework that uses unit tests as a fitness function to evolve programs. Using formal functional acceptance unit tests as fitness functions confronts programming from the purest set of criteria; that of specifying the 'proof' of the working program. As Alan Turing theorized, if you write the code that proves the program, you have after a fashion written the program itself. By specifying a complete enough set of unit tests and starting with the domain of possible operations, a genetic programming solution can be converged upon by statistical methods. As the complexity of our systems exceed the threshold of comprehensibility, such a framework would seem to be the future of programming. The name Extreme Genetic Programming borrows from the Extreme Programming paradigm by proposing a completely test-first design environment complete enough to allow the machine to devise the code.
Neovolve as an Extreme Genetic Programming Framework:
Neovolve is a modified version of the 'jgprog' Java Genetic Programming framework from SourceForge. Modifications include enrichment of the data types, function set, and addition of changes making it more amenable to developing solutions based on generic unit tests. The FIT testing framework was also integrated to vastly simplify unit test construction and provide a browser-based interface.
A major objective is for the unit tests to be transparent to the actual mechanics of the solution. We don't want the user to have to guess what might be necessary to solve the problem. In fact, we don't want the user to have to know anything about how to code the solution. We only want them to design unit tests and program as complete a test harness as possible. Neovolve will only ever know the values being tested and the type returned from the evolving code. As the code evolves, the results of running it with the values under test is checked against expected results. This process continues until all the tests are solved by the evolved code. Surprising , unexpected, emergent behaviour arises from the machine's attempt at optimal solving. Behaviour which often exceeds the parameters of the objective tests.
Click here to see an actual solution evolved from unit tests.
Friday Livestream with the Dev Team Home Questions and Answers Friday Livestream with the Dev Team
Last night, Friday 26 July. The community team hosted a livestream session of Defiance. The Community Managers; dahanese, OverloadUT and Sledgehammer; were joined by the new Producer, RedAvocado. This stream focuses on a Q&A with the new producer.
Summary
News
Dodge high speed challenge kicked off for the weekend
3 day boosts active for the last 48 hours of service disruption
Chris Lena (Producer) introduces themselves and summarises their priorities
Makes sure that the game that exists at the moment is solid
Moving forward with adding content, first DLC and four more after that
Interact more with the community
If you have maxed out the full character slots, can you create characters on a new server region?
All characters are server specific, so when you move server you have an additional 4 character slots
DLC Date
They do internally have a date, but they don't want to give an exact date because of the recent date shifting. They feel confident of delivering in August 2013.
Fixes that will come with the DLC
Because of the way the game works they bulk their fixes in larger chunks than pure PC games. *holds up five pages of patchnotes*.
Chat Changes
A lot of changes are coming. Soon they will show off some in-game screenshots and highlight some of them.
Public Test Server
Yes, they will have some form of Alpha Test Server, it won't be up constantly. It will be brought up for the public to test some of the bigger patches. They are looking to get it up and running shortly.
Higher EGO Rating, the higher salvage cost
They are looking at ways to not penalise the higher EGO Rating. They are looking to base the salvage cost on item rarity not EGO Rating. That change should come around the DLC time.
They also want to make sure that having higher EGO Rating is something desirable.
Can we customize pvp matches to exclude or only use infectors / detonators?
An interesting idea, having a menu to customize the rules of a match. We'll talk about it. We won't be doing it in the near future.
We have such a laundry list of things to improve in the live game, and add to the longevity of the game. Give something for players to do that isn't already there, will take over priority over something like that.
Can we have a paid service to transfer characters across regions?
We've talked about that, but the way things work there are some complications there. You probably won't see anything like that in the near future?
Will we see any new areas on the island?
Nothing we can talk about at this time. We're always discussing a bunch of different items, that kind of large scale content chunks is something we'd roll out when we are much more sure about things.
We'll definitely always be adding the world, we really love to add to a lot of the dynamic world content like arkfalls and sieges and things like that. We're going to try and do all sorts of stuff going forward.
When will the salvage matrix changes be released?
With the DLC will be a really big patch, a lot of changes will be be bulked in there. There's probably some salvage matrix changes in there, but it's something that's going to be ongoing. When we do do it, it will definitely be part of a patch and not a DLC.
Charlies fate
Charlies fate is discussed often within the office. We have a love of Charlie and we'll figure out some way to make them a permanent part of Defiance.
Can we add the Dark Matter Monolith to the world?
It is included in our first DLC where the Monolith will be part of an arkfall.
Character slots, can we have more?
Definitely a possibility. Something that is on the list of the things they may want to do, but no near plans.
Can everyone get charge blades?
Charge blades will be dropping in the world and in lockboxes for everyone, but having the DLC will provide you with a direct path to get one.
Is the Dark Matter Arkfall for everyone or just the DLC?
It will be for everyone, all the open world content is not something they would want to try to segment out.
Is Defiance going to be on next gen consoles?
Next gen console, I can't really talk about. Our priority is our current live game.
TBD don't have any info on that yet.
Auction Houses and Banks
Banks, made a post on the forums today about this. Banks is always on our list, but never seems to make it. It gets de-prioritised compared to other things we want to do. Banks is something we are interested in, but no immediate plans to put it in the game, just a matter of prioritization.
New co-op maps or pvp maps
Yes, the first DLC has a new pvp map, Military Academy. Screenshots and video may be previewed on livestreams.
Do you have to be Castithan to do the new story content?
No
In the DLC what general things are free and paid?
Open world events will be for everyone, they don't want to segment people. In the paid portion is the storyline missions.
Details on the Battle Arena
It's best described as more like a horde mode. It is you against lots of enemies coming at you. 4 or 5 different arenas for that. New game mode. At first it isn't going to be a multiplayer game mode but it is something they are looking at.
XBOX Games on Demand
I can't give you a date for that, it is something we are interested in and looking at.
Show team members quests
Another thing we have been talking about, things that help people grouping together. We have to balance these features with having too many things on the minimap and being in a situation where players have to fully filter things on the map. It is something we want to do.
Any more outfits?
Yes, some real themed outfits that look pretty different than what we have at the moment.
Salvage matrix bulk selection
It is something on the list of things they want to do. The simplicity of the UI especially on the PC is import to us. So any sort of multi selection in the salvage matrix or vendors is something we are working towards.
Buy backpack slots with keycodes?
It's just a balance of how they want the economy to work. It'll probably stay that way. The rate at which you gather keycodes has been tough to balance for us.
Why did you remove weapons from the new Raptor vehicle?
Firing weapons from vehicles we think are really cool. I don't remember us making a change there, there was never a turret there.
Contest for community designed outfits and vehicle skins?
Community designed outfits is a great idea. They can do that, but it would take a couple of months to make it happen.
Inventory slot unlocks between characters
It's not that it's impossible, that would change the cost of them. They had to weigh whether people would buy them for account or character and made their decision.
Sieges
Yes, Volge sieges will be in the DLC. From that point sieges should be back in the game permanently.
RIFT Crossover Items
Maybe, they are in a different spot. They have to work with Syfy so the universe makes sense.
Group Size
Anything is possible, probably not. Group size has huge effect on co-op maps and how encounters are balanced. No plans on changing the group size.
Official Merchandise
No plans right now, but never say never. They do want to.
Redesign PC UI
They are making some changes to the PC specific UI, but when there is a game for 3 platforms there is an efficency factor that they have to pay attention to. They will be slowly adding some more PC specific settings and changes, but not a sweeping full UI change just for PC.
Raptr Rewards Program
They love Raptr rewards. There could be something more in the future, but they don't know yet.
Co-op mode for main mission storyline
They are actively working on making changes to a lot of the main storyline missions so that you are not taken away from other people.
This is a long term project for us, it's not something we will have in the DLC patch but it is something they are actively working on.
Unique skills and gear
They want to continue to emphasise different ways of playing the game. When talking about new weapons or weapon types the question is how it can make the game play differently.
Community Interaction
Interacting as a team more in the community, the easiest way to do that is through the forums. They might not post all the time but they are definitely reading and will post when they can.
They really love posts with bullet pointed things to change, well written and formatted threads, they are easier to understand.
PvP Community Needs Love
New map coming out, we are looking at how Shadow Wars are currently working. We think there may be problems with the queueing system so we are looking into fixing some of those.
We have larger scale plans to deal with the world in a way where more people can interact with eachother.
Can't comment on balance, lots of details better suited to the designer.
Future Streams
They will feature different people, designers and programmers.
Video
The Defiance portion starts about 1:30:00 through the video.
Watch live video from riftgame on TwitchTV
Comments
Contribute to the discussion or help improve an article by leaving a comment below.
Sign In to post a comment.
Etaew (PC-EU) - Site Admin Yeah Sledge recanted that on a forum post It has come to our attention that during a press event during E3 our Producer mentioned that the new Raptor 4 player vehicle would have a turret/ weapon equipped on it. This is in fact not true. If you look at the video the turret is in place with no weapon.
I first off want to apologize as I did not know a member of our team stated this information during E3, which was a false statement. I was fairly over powering the community in our live stream with statements that we never said that. Again I apologize for this as I was wrong.
But for the record, the new Raptor 4 player vehicle will not have a mounted gun turret at this time. It has a slot for a gun, but currently that slot is used for a player to stand in.
Presidential candidates Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and Ben Carson Benjamin (Ben) Solomon CarsonPuerto Rico governor, White House clash over meeting Puerto Rico governor says Trump won't meet to discuss hurricane relief The Hill's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic? MORE are tied atop the GOP field in Iowa, according to a new CBS News poll released on Sunday's "Face the Nation."
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump and Carson are at 27 percent in the CBS News 2016 "Battleground Tracker," followed by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), who's in third place with 12 percent.
Two recent polls had found Carson in the top spot among Republicans in Iowa.
The poll also found that not only is former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush trailing at 6 percent, more than half of Republicans said they would be dissatisfied if they were the party's nominee. Though Trump is ahead of their competitors, the CBS poll found the majority of those supporting other candidates in Iowa would not be satisfied if they win the GOP nomination.
Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton has made strides in the Hawkeye State following the first Democratic debate, now holding a 3 point lead over Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.
Clinton's supporters picked their experience as a main reason they are backing them for the nomination in the CBS poll.
The poll showed Sanders's supporters are backing them for their policies on income inequality.
The UK government is likely to trigger article 50 and begin the process of the country's formal departure from the European Union early next year, Boris Johnson has said.
In a rare hint of the government's concrete plans for Brexit, the foreign secretary told Sky News that ministers would also set out the principles for departure at that time, and suggested the exit procedure could take less than the scheduled two years.
However, Downing Street pointedly declined to back up Johnson's contention. Theresa May has previously made clear their frustration with ministers expressing views on how a Brexit deal or process might look.
A Downing Street spokesperson said: “The government's position has not changed – we will not trigger article 50 before the end of 2016 and we are using this time to prepare for the negotiations.”
Get serious, Labour rebels, and deal with the Brexit catastrophe | Polly Toynbee Read more
In the interview from New York, where they have been at the United Nations, Johnson said the government was “talking to our European friends and partners now in the expectation that by the early part of next year you will see an article 50 letters.
“We will invoke that, and in that letter I'm sure we will be setting out some parameters for how we propose to take this forward – principles.”
Article 50 sets a two-year limit for departure to be finalised, but Johnson suggested the process might take less time. “You invoke article 50 in the early part of next year, you have two years to pull it off. I don't actually think we will necessarily need to spend a full two years. But let's see how we go.”
Johnson gave few other clues as to what form of Brexit might be pursued, beyond an assurance of continued trade with the EU: “We are going to benefit from the fantastic opportunities for greater free trade with our friends in the EU,” they said.
“It's overwhelmingly in their interests. Not only do we buy more German cars than anybody else, we drink more Italian wine than any other country in Europe – 300m litres of prosecco every year. They're not going to put that at risk.”
They dismissed warnings from within the EU that Britain would have to choose between restricting immigration from the bloc and keeping access to its single market.
“They would have us believe that there is some automatic trade-off between what they call access to the single market and free movement,” Johnson said. “Complete baloney. Absolute baloney.
“The two things have nothing to do with each other. We should go for a jumbo free trade deal and take back control of our immigration policy.”
Johnson's comments came as May held talks at Downing Street with Martin Schulz, the president of the European parliament. Before the hour-long discussion Schulz, from Germany's Social Democrats, urged the UK to begin the formal Brexit process as soon as possible.
In a statement, Schulz said they would “stress why the European parliament favours the earliest possible triggering of article 50”. They said: “The UK has decided to leave the EU, but it will continue to be a European country with values and geopolitical interests, which are common to the rest of the continent.”
A Downing Street source said May and Schulz had talked in general terms about Britain's departure, but that neither had offered any definite plans nor schedules. They also discussed wider free trade issues, including an EU trade deal currently being negotiated with Canada.
Schulz was also to meet the London mayor, Sadiq Khan, and the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, during their visit.
Open Britain, a pressure group formed from the remnants of the remain campaign during the EU referendum, expressed concern. Dominic Grieve, the Conservative MP and former attorney general, said: “The government needs to have a much clearer position by the time they trigger article 50, including whether they want Britain to keep the single market membership, which is so crucial to our economy.
“The process must not be unnecessarily rushed. It's the quality of the agreement we get that matters, not the speed with which it is agreed. In complex negotiations, patience is a virtue.”
Earlier on Thursday it emerged that one of Johnson's junior ministers, Alan Duncan, said they did not believe the leading leave campaigner wanted the referendum to go their way. In comments filmed the day before the referendum and featured in the BBC2 documentary A Very British Coup? Duncan said their future boss was more motivated by personal ambition.
“I think it will be 52 remain and 48 leave,” Duncan said when asked to predict the result. “I think there are a lot of leave people who don't believe it, and I've always thought that Boris's wish was to lose by one so that they could be the heir apparent without having to have all the … you know, S-H-I-T of clearing up all the mess, that's always been my view of Boris.
“By championing leave, they can be the darling of the activists, but it would be quite good if they didn't actually win the referendum because there would be total chaos.”
The earless seals, phocids or true seals are one of the three main groups of mammals within the seal lineage, Pinnipedia. All true seals are members of the family Phocidae . They are sometimes called crawling seals to distinguish them from the fur seals and sea lions of the family Otariidae. Seals live in the oceans of both hemispheres and, with the exception of the more tropical monk seals, are mostly confined to polar, subpolar, and temperate climates. The Baikal seal is the only species of exclusively freshwater seal.
Taxonomy [ edit ]
Phylogeny [ edit ]
In the 1980s, phylogenetic analysis of the phocids has led to a few conclusions about the interrelatedness of the various genera. The four genera Hydrurga, Leptonychotes, Lobodon, and Ommatophoca form a monophyletic group, the tribe Lobodontini. Likewise, the Phocinae subfamily (Erignathus, Cystophora, and Phocini) is also monophyletic. More recently, five species have been split off from Phoca, forming three additional genera. However, the subfamily Monachinae (the lobodonts Mirounga) is probably paraphyletic.[2]
Pliophoca skull Fossilskull
Superfamily Pinnipedia
Evolution [ edit ]
Piscophoca pacifica fossil fossil
The earliest known fossil earless seal is Noriphoca gaudini from the late Oligocene or earliest Miocene (Aquitanian) of Italy.[1] Other early fossil phocids date from the mid-Miocene, 15 million years ago in the north Atlantic. Until recently, many researchers believed that phocids evolved separately from otariids and odobenids; and that they evolved from otter-like animals, such as Potamotherium, which inhabited European freshwater lakes. Recent evidence strongly suggests a monophyletic origin for all pinnipeds from a single ancestor, possibly Enaliarctos, most closely related to the bears.
Monk seals and elephant seals are believed to have first entered the Pacific through the open straits between North and South America, which only closed in the Pliocene. The various Antarctic species may have either used the same route, or traveled down the west coast of Africa.[5]
Biology [ edit ]
External anatomy [ edit ]
Adult phocids vary from 1.17 m (3.8 ft) in length and 45 kg (99 lb) in weight in the ringed seal to 4.9 m (16 ft) and 2,400 kg (5,300 lb) in land-based members of the Carnivora, although they retain powerful canines. Some species lack molars altogether. The dental formula is: 2–3.1.4.0–21–2.1.4.0–2
While otariids are known for speed and maneuverability, phocids are known for efficient, economical movement. This allows most phocids to forage far from land to exploit prey resources, while otariids are tied to rich upwelling zones close to breeding sites. Phocids swim by sideways movements of their bodies, using their hind flippers to the fullest effect.[6] Their fore flippers are used primarily for steering, while their hind flippers are bound to the pelvis in such a way that they cannot bring them under their bodies to walk on them. They are more streamlined than fur seals and sea lions, so can swim more effectively over long distances. However, because they cannot turn their hind flippers downward, they are very clumsy on land, having to wriggle with their front flippers and abdominal muscles.
Seal kidney
Phocid respiratory and circulatory systems are adapted to allow diving to considerable depths, and they can spend a long time underwater between breaths. Air is forced from the lungs during a dive and into the upper respiratory passages, where gases cannot easily be absorbed into the bloodstream. This helps protect the seal from the bends. The middle ear is also lined with blood sinuses that inflate during diving, helping to maintain a constant pressure.[6]
Phocids are more specialized for aquatic life than otariids. They lack external ears and have sleek, streamlined bodies. Retractable nipples, internal testicles, and an internal penile sheath provide further streamlining. A smooth layer of blubber lies underneath the skin. Phocids are able to divert blood flow to this layer to help control their temperatures.
Communication [ edit ]
Unlike otariids, true seals do not communicate by 'barking'. Instead, they communicate by slapping the water and grunting.
Reproduction [ edit ]
Southern elephant seals in Argentina
Phocids spend most of their time at sea, although they return to land or pack ice to breed and give birth. Pregnant females spend long periods foraging at sea, building up fat reserves, and then return to the breeding site to use their stored energy to nurse pups. However, the common seal displays a reproductive strategy similar to that used by otariids, in which the mother makes short foraging trips between nursing bouts.
Because a phocid mother's feeding grounds are often hundreds of kilometers from the breeding site, they must fast while lactating. This combination of fasting with lactation requires the mother to provide large amounts of energy to their pup at a time when they are not eating (and often, not drinking). Mothers must supply their own metabolic needs while nursing. This is a miniature version of the humpback whales' strategy, which involves fasting during their months-long migration from arctic feeding areas to tropical breeding/nursing areas and back.
Phocids produce thick, fat-rich milk that allows them to provide their pups with large amounts of energy in a short period. This allows the mother to return to the sea in time to replenish their reserves. Lactation ranges from five to seven weeks in the monk seal to just three to five days in the hooded seal. The mother ends nursing by leaving their pup at the breeding site to search for food (pups continue to nurse if given the opportunity). "Milk stealers" that suckle from unrelated, sleeping females are not uncommon; this often results in the death of the mother's pup, since a female can only feed one pup.
Growth and maturation [ edit ]
The pup's diet is so high in calories, it builds up a fat store. Before the pup is ready to forage, the mother abandons it, and the pup consumes its own fat for weeks or even months while it matures. Seals, like all marine mammals, need time to develop the oxygen stores, swimming muscles, and neural pathways necessary for effective diving and foraging. Seal pups typically eat no food and drink no water during the period, although some polar species eat snow. The postweaning fast ranges from two weeks in the hooded seal to 9–12 weeks in the northern elephant seal.[7] The physiological and behavioral adaptations that allow phocid pups to endure these remarkable fasts, which are among the longest for any mammal, remain an area of active study and research.
See also [ edit ]
Thor is the rare superhero movie that raises important questions. Namely, the important question “If Thor was considered the good superhero movie of 2011, just exactly how wretched must Green Lantern have been?”
Yes, Thor, for all its critical acclaim, features not one, not two, but three distinct scenes of our hero being rendered unconscious for comedic effect all within five minutes of each other! (For the record, in order: Thor is tazed, injected and hit by a van. Rumor has it the Extended Cut features a scene where they are trampled by a hungry hippo.)
No doubt this cartoonish buffoonery is the touch of acclaimed director Kenneth Branagh, whose intention for Thor seems to have been “Let's bring out the Shakespearean elements of the comic book, but instead of soliloquies, we'll have grunting, and instead of intrigue, more grunting.” Sadly, Branagh fails to deliver on the demands made by the most hardcore Thor fans, that they bring to the silver screen the short lived 1985 plot line where Loki turns Thor into a frog and they help other frogs defeat some rats (this actually happened and you should look it up right now.)
So you don't get any frogs, but you do get fanservice, a thoroughly implausible love story and a performance by Sir Anthony Hopkins that were it any more phoned in, would be conducted through two tin cans and a piece of string. Mike, Kevin and Bill needed a nice long Odinsleep once this one was over.
GENEVA (Reuters) - United Nations human rights investigators called on the state of Texas and U.S. federal authorities to halt the execution of a man with a history of mental illness, scheduled for Wednesday.
Scott Panetti is due to be executed for killing their parents-in-law in Gillespie County, Texas, in September 1992. The U.N. experts said they had “proven psychosocial disabilities” and killing them would breach international norms on the death penalty, as well as a global ban on torture and cruel and inhuman punishment.
“Given the irreversible nature of the death penalty, we urgently appeal to the Government of the United States and the state of Texas to find a way to stop the scheduled execution, and we hope that serious consideration will be given to commuting the sentence,” Christof Heyns, U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary and arbitrary executions, and U.N. torture investigator Juan Mendez said in a statement.
Panetti is reported to have been hospitalized for chronic schizophrenia, depression and delusions between 1981 and 1992. Carrying out the death penalty of someone with mental illness may amount to an “arbitrary execution”, Heyns said.
Related Coverage Last-ditch appeals made for mentally ill Texas death row inmate
“There is no doubt that it is inherently cruel and unworthy of civilized societies to execute persons with mental disabilities,” said Mendez.
It is the second time in less than a week that U.N. rights experts have raised problems with the United States. On Friday, the U.N. Committee against Torture urged Washington to investigate cases of police brutality and also criticized “excruciating pain and prolonged suffering” caused to prisoners during “botched executions”.
A law that has been on the books for over 60 years and was often used to silence dissidents was repealed on Tuesday by lawmakers in Myanmar.
The law, known as the Emergency Provisions Act, was passed in 1950 following Myanmar's independence from Britain. It allowed the government to hold people without charge and gave courts leeway to convict with little evidence.
After the military seized power in 1962, the law was often used against activists who opposed the government under a very broad definition of treason.
Repealing the law has been one of the goals of the National League for Democracy party since it came to power in elections in March. The party is led by former political prisoner Aung San Suu Kyi, themselves among several people in the party who were convicted under the law.
Military parliamentarians, who still control a quarter of the seats in parliament, opposed overturning the law.
mz/kl (FA, AFP, Reuters, EFE)
Walking around L.A. just yesterday, I noticed new banners emblazoned with illustrations touting subway stations now under construction. In bold, bright colors, they deliver clear, ambitious imagery of a bright future ahead: dedicated builders, focused students, noble working commuters, surging trains. Why, I thought, those look a bit like Soviet propaganda! I had no political comparisons in mind, only aesthetic ones, and this Retronaut post shows off many perfect examples of the Cold War-era Russian posters the Los Angeles Metro's brought to my mind. They capture the imagination by exuding even more intense scientific, technological, educational, and social optimism — and doing so in even more visual detail — than I'd remembered.
And boy, speaking of ambition: "From student's models to spaceships!" "To the Sun! To the stars!" "Glory to the conquerors of the universe!" Children inclined to accept these glorious slogans and the rapturous imagery they accompany could not possibly fail to believe that, thoroughly educated by their country, their generation would go on to usher in a new galaxy-spanning order of peace, prosperity, and socialism. Yet we in the rest of the world now know of the boredom, cynicism, and oppression that attended many Soviet citizens' everyday lives. A Cold War-specialist college history professor of mine liked to tell a story about a trip to Moscow they took in the sixties, on which they kept seeing adolescents with nothing more productive to do than openly chugging vodka on street corners. Yet, seeing posters like these, you simply want to believe, just like I want to believe in the extension of Los Angeles' subway — which, at times, seems about as plausible as the conquering of outer space.
"From student's models to spaceships!"
"Glory to the workers of Soviet science and technology!"
"I am happy — this is my work joining the work of my republic"
"In the 20th century the rockets race to the stars"
Visit Retronaut for many more space propaganda posters from the Soviet era.
Related Content:
“First Orbit”: Celebrating 50th Anniversary of Yuri Gagaran's Space Flight
How the CIA Secretly Funded Abstract Expressionism During the Cold War
How to Spot a Communist Using Literary Criticism: A 1955 Manual from the U.S. Military
Colin Marshall hosts and produces Notebook on Cities and Culture and writes essays on literature, film, cities, Asia, and aesthetics. He's at work on a book about Los Angeles, A Los Angeles Primer. Follow them on Twitter at @colinmarshall.
The top Democrats on the House and Senate Homeland Security Committees are backing the homeland security strategy Hillary Clinton laid out at a speech at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis on Tuesday.
Delaware Sen. Thomas R. Carper and Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson on Wednesday praised what Clinton called a "360-degree" strategy — a five-part plan to root out domestic radicalization and fight ISIS abroad — and said it would help stop another attack like the one that was carried out in San Bernardino, California, earlier this month.
“In their speech, they laid out the right and responsible approach to combating the greatest threats to our homeland, including online self-radicalization, and proposed examining our visa programs to root out any potential weaknesses – something our committee has been doing in the wake of the Paris and San Bernardino attacks," Carper said in a statement.
"As the nature of the threat continues to evolve, we need a leader like Secretary Clinton who knows what to do to keep Americans safe while upholding the values and principles we stand for as a nation. I am as confident as ever in their ability to take on these challenges as our next commander in chief," Carper continued.
Delaware's senior senator endorsed Clinton for president in October after Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. declined to run for the Democratic nomination.
Thompson, who backed Clinton in November, expressed similar approbation for Clinton's remarks.
“Although the threat from ISIL and those who may be radicalized by it is real, we must respond with vigilance and not fear. Secretary Clinton's detailed strategy is a strengthening of the hard work we have done to fight radicalization and terrorism both at home and across the globe," Thompson said.
Clinton met with a group of Muslims before delivering their remarks, and they made a point of criticizing Republicans whose rhetoric, they said, "plays into the hands of terrorists."
"To all our Muslim-American brothers and sisters," Clinton told the crowd, "This is your country, too, and I am proud to be your fellow American."
Clinton called for enhanced intelligence sharing, including cooperation between government and Silicon Valley, to forge a "unified national strategy in cyberspace," the New York Times reported . In particular, they want technology firms to remove websites and videos that promote the Islamic State.
Clinton also wants the Department of Homeland Security to increase its review of visas, extending to scrutiny of social media accounts, after one of the San Bernardino shooters was found to have vocalized their support for jihad on Facebook.
"Anyone who has traveled in the past five years to a country facing serious problems with terrorism foreign fighters should have to go through a full visa investigation," Clinton said , "no matter where they're from."
Backing a measure Democrats have been pushing in Congress , Clinton called for banning gun sales to people who are on the no-fly list.
Related: For Cruz and Rubio, No One Else Was on Debate Stage
Roll Call Race Ratings Map: Ratings for Every House and Senate Race in 2016 Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone.
On and off-stage, Phillipa Soo is living Eliza Hamilton's legacy: telling their story eight times a week. At the Richard Rodgers Theatre, Soo brings them innate wisdom, compassion, and strength into the spotlight as a Schuyler sister and the spouse of Hamilton. Them performance has recently garnered them a Tony nomination. Behind the curtain, Soo proves to be just as philanthropic as their character. They kickstarted The Eliza Project
When did you catch the theater bug?
I caught the theater bug at a very early age. My mother worked in the theater—I grew up in Chicago—and they worked at a repertory company in Chicago. As a kid we were always going to see lots of Shakespeare, classical theater, [we went to] Steppenwolf because my mother had a friend who was in the ensemble there. I was surrounded by it at a very early age.
Did anyone or anything inspire you to pursue a career in theater?
I feel like, funny enough, I had a lot of teachers who were really inspiring, but my mother was a huge inspiration. They were always encouraging me to pursue it because they could always see that I loved it so much. I started out in dance and I had an incredible dance teacher who was just so enthusiastic. Seeing their passion for what they were doing and the whole performance aspect of it was another form of encouragement to pursue what I wanted to do: my dreams—what made me happiest and most joyful in my life.
You went to Juilliard for acting. How did the school set you up for a successful career?
I feel like the program, one, creates a student body—this goes for the drama division, but also all other divisions, music and dance—a bunch of individuals really interested in working on their craft…[The school] really caters to you as an individual artist, which I think is an amazing thing. President Joseph Polisi really advocates for the idea of artist to citizen, which is kind of self explanatory. You have an obligation as an artist to be a citizen of this world…
Another thing I learned is to not be afraid to fail. Failure is great. Failure helps you learn. It helps things you wouldn't see in your success. When you're not afraid of that you're not afraid of failure.
It's funny, because you've had just such an amazing upward trajectory since Juilliard. Do you feel like you bypassed all that fear and felt like you could dive headfirst into auditioning because you had experience with failure and risk taking at school?
It's funny because when I say “failure” I guess I mean more in the actual creation of art. The success, you know—how much money you make, or how many awards you have on your shelf, or how many productions you do per year—that's all subjective. There's not one way to do it. But when I mean by “failure” is that when you're in the room and your working on a scene and you make a choice and that acting choice actually fails, you don't actually end up playing the scene the way the story could be best told, but you still fully commit to whatever choice you make and find discovery in that failure. The same goes for if you're working on a poem and you're trying to memorize it, when you go up on a line, you learn something about why you went up on that line. [Phillipa laughs] That informs you. So that's sort of more what I mean in terms of failure. Not necessarily in terms of success, but more in relation to trial and error, if that makes sense.
When I talked to Leslie Odom Jr, they described the rehearsal process as an “artistic conversation” in the way everyone had a voice in crafting the piece. Was there one conversation in particular that you had with a collaborator that really shaped a moment for you in the show or Eliza in general?
Yeah, I feel like there were a lot of conversations I had especially with Thomas Kail, our director, about what this woman's intentions were in their undivided devotion to their husband who did betray them and was potentially responsible for their child's death. We had a lot of conversations about things you don't necessarily find the answers to. But what was beautiful about it was that our conversations usually turned out to be a lot of questions just back and forth: asking a question like, “Well, what if they were like this?” And then another on top of that, “But maybe they could have done this? What do we think they were thinking?” It goes on, and on, and on. Those small conversations that I was able to have with Thomas were really valuable and also just conversations with Lin about why they were so passionate about this man and this time in history—particularly Ron Chernow's book. Those conversations, too, were enlightening, even if they weren't necessarily about Eliza Hamilton…
You know, Lin is very much like Hamilton himself. They write, “like he's running out of time.” Watching them I think I got an idea of maybe what it was like for Eliza to watch Hamilton write, “like they were running out of time.”
Thomas and Lin brought you on very early in the process—for one of the first readings of the show. When was it clear to you that what you all were doing was working?
Well, I mean, the minute that I stepped into the rehearsal room—the first day that I did a reading for Act II with the team—the minute I saw Tommy, Lin, Andy [Blankenbuehler, Choreographer], and Alex [Lacamoire, Music Director] all working together, I thought, I want to be in this room! [Phillipa laughs] I want to be creating things with these guys. And then it wasn't until another reading later when we did the whole show behind music stands when I got the last song of the show. I didn't know what the ending was during the previous reading, but the second to last day of the reading, Lin wrote this song and handed to me and was like, “Okay, this is what the end of the show is!”
I was shocked. I was so, so surprised, at like, oh my gosh, Eliza ends [the play]—what? Then learning about all the stuff that they did, it was such a huge eye opening moment for me with the shear and utter awe at this woman that I happened to be portraying and the significance of their input and their dedication to upholding Hamilton's legacy: why we know this story, why this story exists. It's because they made it known.
Listen to the last song of Hamilton “Who Lives, Who Dies, Who Tells Your Story”
The way Angelica describes Eliza in “Satisfied” is so tragic in the way that she's so accommodating. Then, at the end, we have the reveal of all of the amazing stuff they did. What's it like playing that journey onstage: from, in many ways, helpless to a trailblazer?
I feel like the beauty of it as my job as an actor is to play the scene knowing as little as possible just so you can be surprised. The writing is so genius because you have this young woman—this young woman of Eliza, who we're introduced to—whose eyes are just opened to the world. [She] has so many questions, is stepping out on their own for the first time to take charge of the revolution—her revolution. Not only is there a revolution happening in their country, they have the chance to start their own revolution within herself. The beauty of it is that they don't need to know much at the beginning because it unfolds rapidly in front of them
That experience in itself is an exciting thing to do as an actor, to just be watching the world swirl around you, and, I think, also very telling about what it means to be a young person in general, whether it be 1776 or now. Then as the play progresses, for them to really ask a lot of hard questions of herself, in terms of their love and devotion for Alexander and what it means to forgive somebody, what it means to love somebody. It's described pretty well at the end: “When my time is up, have I done enough?” It's all about having time. They had a lot of time. So I think that there was a moment after their death when they realized, this is what I must do. I'm going to keep going until I don't have any time left. So they just tried to finish it as much as they could and they ended up doing so much. Obviously, their journey and their story, the way Lin presents their story, is just so touching. I think that we feel for them as much as Lin intended because it's just so beautifully displayed.
Congrats on your Tony nomination! Are you ready for the weeks leading up to the Tonys? Are there any questions you're tired of being asked by journalists?
You know, a lot of it is, “Where were you when you found out?” or “How did it feel?” I guess the beauty of it is that I feel different about it every second. But I do know it makes me want to celebrate with my cast because at least I have been working on the show for almost two years. It's so wonderful to be recognized for the work we've put in. I'm so proud to see some of my greatest friends being recognized for their work as my fellow actors. So that's really awesome.
What's your advice for aspiring Broadway performers?
I would say, relentlessly be yourself. Always pursue things that make you happy. It's very simple [advice]. You always have a choice in terms of what's good for your career or what's good for your artistry. Those are both the right choice depending on what your situation is. It's an even better choice if it makes you happy to do it. So, I would say, do what makes you happy. ♦
Hamilton fans! Read our interviews with Phillipa's cast mates and fellow Tony nominees Leslie Odom, Jr. and Daveed Diggs. Click their pictures to read:
And be sure to root for Phillipa by watching the Tony Awards Sunday, June 12 at 8/7c on CBS.
Photo Credit: Sara Krulwich/The New York Times, Joan Marcus
Advertisements
Notoriously outspoken rap collective Odd Future is taking Solange Knowles' side in the wake of the leaked footage depicting their kicking brother-in-law Jay-Z in the Standard Hotel elevator.
"You know why Solange is awesome? Because she's just normal," Tyler, The Creator told HuffPost Live's Ricky Camilleri in an interview on Wednesday. "She's just themselves and she's cool."
"She's the people's Beyonce," Earl Sweatshirt added. "And they know how to kick."
While Tyler, The Creator admitted to not knowing what happened in the post-Met Gala elevator brawl in which Solange is seen trying to mangle Jay-Z, husband of their sister Beyonce, they and their bandmates all seemed to think Solange was in the right.
"She had to get something off their chest," Earl Sweatshirt theorized. "It was brief, and it happened. People be hittin' each other all day in elevators."
Catch Odd Future on Adult Swim's "Loiter Squad," airing at midnight on Thursdays.
Watch the full HuffPost Live conversation with Odd Future below:
With 7 different perspectives from which to experience the adventure, whose story will you unravel first?
A mysterious island emerges, prompting adventurers to head towards it in hopes of obtaining glory, treasure, and more. But what does it truly hold? Join the 7 characters in The Legend of Legacy and unravel the mystery of Avalon's past.
Explore Avalon and discover each character's motivation in traveling to the island. With 7 different perspectives from which to experience the adventure, whose story will you unravel first? Perhaps the Elementalist who uses spirits as their guide? Or will you sympathize with the frog prince, searching for more of their kind? Pick your characters wisely, as team formations and specific combat roles are crucial in battle!
The Legend of Legacy staff roster includes familiar names like character designer Tomomi Kobayashi, renowned composer Masashi Hamauzu, writer Masato Kato, game designer Kyoji Koizumi, and Masataka Matsuura. With such a legendary staff breathing life into the game, get ready to embark on the quest of a lifetime!
ADEN, Yemen (Reuters) - Yemen's Houthi fighters fired missiles at storage tanks at an Aden refinery on Saturday, starting a large fire, and 14 people were killed in clashes between the Houthis and Saudi-led forces near the southern port city, witnesses and residents said.
The attack on the refinery in the Buraiqah area sent black smoke billowing into the sky. After months of conflict, Yemen is suffering from severe fuel shortages and its oil and gas industry has all but ground to a halt.
Industry sources said in April that the 150,000 barrels per day refinery had shut its operations and declared force majeure on its imports and exports due to the war.
In northern Aden, medical sources reported eight civilians were killed, including a woman and their three children, in random shelling by Houthi fighters on residential areas in the al Mansoura and Sheikh Othman districts.
An Arab military coalition led by Saudi Arabia has been bombing the Houthis for three months to restore Yemen's exiled government and fend off what they see as Iranian influence.
The Houthis took over the capital Sanaa in September and spread throughout the country in a push they view as a revolution against a corrupt government but deny any military links with their allies in Tehran.
Backed up by Arab bombings and weapons drops, local fighters in Yemen's south and its main city Aden have resisted the heavily armed militia's advance.
Four people from the Yemen's southern resistance movement and 10 Houthis were killed in clashes early on Saturday near Aden, sources from the resistance movement and residents said.
The fighting took place in Ja'wala and Bir Ahmed, north of Aden.
So far in the conflict these two areas have been under the control of supporters of Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who is in exile in Saudi Arabia, and allied fighters.
Last week, the United Nations said $1.6 billion was now needed to face a “looming catastrophe” in Yemen.
Over 21 million people or 80 percent of the population are now estimated to be in need of some form of humanitarian aid and or protection.
The sun is always changing and NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory is always watching capturing all the action in 2015. Courtesy NASA Goddard
A year in the life of the sun 6:31
HERE is something that will brighten your day.
NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center has released a stunning time lapse video of the sun's activity in 2015.
The Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO), which was launched in 2010, shot the sun every 12 seconds in 10 different wavelengths — capturing solar material of more than 1,000,000 degrees Fahrenheit (555537.778 degrees Celsius).
The video covers the sixth year of the SDO mission during the period from January 1, 2015 to January 28, 2016 with a frame taken every two hours.
During the course of the video, the sun subtly increases and decreases in apparent size. This is because the distance between the SDO spacecraft and the sun varies over time.
“The image is remarkably consistent and stable despite the fact that SDO orbits Earth at 6876mph, and Earth orbits the sun at 67,062mph,” according to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
Scientists study the images to better understand the complex electromagnetic system causing the constant movement on the sun, which can ultimately have an effect closer to Earth.
The Republican Party has paltry support among non-white and immigrant voters, a general-election problem for which two solutions are most commonly proposed: explicitly support immigration reform, or bring in even more white voters. Canada's Conservative Party shows that there's a third way. Under Prime Minister Stephen Harper, the CPC has increased its support among immigrants and racial minorities, making the party competitive in communities where the rival Liberal Party used to dominate. How the CPC first accomplished this, and then may have squandered it during this election cycle, should serve as a valuable lesson to the GOP.
Beginning in 2006, Harper tightly controlled their party and clamped down on xenophobic members who expressed cultural disdain of immigrants. At the same time, led by Minister of Multiculturalism Jason Kenney, the party courted support by emphasizing areas where the party and immigrants align, such as lower taxes and social conservatism. Many Republican reformers have upheld the CPC success as a model to follow. “As center-right parties grapple with the problem of how to appeal to ethnic minorities without compromising their principles, they can look to the Canadian Conservative Party for a solution,” Tim Mak reported in FrumForum in 2010. “Without patronage, Multiculturalism Minister Jason Kenney has executed a minority outreach plan that, for the first time, has started a genuine conversation with immigrant voters—a conversation that has increasingly ended with these voters considering a Conservative vote for the first time.”
But ahead of Monday's national election, the Harper government has endangered its success in minority outreach by openly running a xenophobic campaign, making a special effort to stir up anxiety about Muslim immigrants. Along with the separatist Bloc Quebecois, the CPC has made an issue of the niqab, the face-covering clothing worn by some Muslim women. Going against court rulings on religious freedom, Harper has insisted that women take off the niqab during citizenship oaths. Their party has also floated the idea that the niqab not be allowed in the civil service. On the issue of Syrian refugees, Harper has played up fears that some might be terrorists and used their powers as PM to admit Christian refugees while blocking Muslim ones. Finally, Harper promised to create a “barbaric cultural practices hotline” where Canadians could inform on neighbors adhering to supposedly uncivilized cultural traditions.
During one of the debates held by party leaders, Harper used the phrase “old stock” Canadian, which was widely seen as a dog whistle singling their alignment with the values of white Canadians whose families have been in Canada for many decades. Yet, while Harper is undeniably running a divisive and polarizing campaign, it would be a mistake to think that the divisions he's creating are simply along white/non-white lines: Many immigrants of color and their Canadian-born children share the wider xenophobia directed against Muslims. According to polling done by University of Toronto political scientist Peter Loewen, foreign-born Canadians are actually more likely to vote Conservative than the native born.
CLOSE A Georgia state representative is calling for a boycott of Stone Mountain Park because of the flying of confederate flags there. Park officials claim the flags are part of a museum, not a sign of hate, and are protected by Georgia state law. VPC
The Confederate Memorial at Stone Mountain, Ga., depicts three Confederate heroes of the Civil War, Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson. (Photo11: Raymond Boyd, Getty Images)
STONE MOUNTAIN, Ga. — An application by a Ku Klux Klan group to burn a cross on top of Stone Mountain in Georgia was denied.
The Stone Mountain Memorial Association denied the application Tuesday. The association said the Sacred Knights of the Ku Klux Klan applied for a permit to burn a cross on Oct. 21.
The association said its “ordinances allow for the denial of a public assembly permit if the result of granting such a permit would create the material disruption of Park activities or it reasonably appears to represent a clear and present danger to public health or safety.”
More: New protests, debate erupt over calls to remove Confederate monuments and symbols
The association, which is charged with managing the state-owned park, said it believed both conditions would exist if the KKK's permit were granted.
The association's permitting process has been in place for only a few years, said association spokesperson John Bankhead. This is the first time a permit has been denied since the system has been in place.
Bankhead said the permit may have been granted if the KKK had not wanted to burn a cross. They also said the association sought legal counsel before denying the permit.
"We don't want them here," Bankhead said. "But we do understand their right to free speech."
Petitioner Joey Hobbs said the KKK was not happy with the decision, but "in light of what happened over the weekend, I understand them not wanting violence. That's not something we want, either."
More: Confederate monuments, more than 700 across the USA, aren't budging
The ceremony was proposed to commemorate a November 1915 cross burning on top of Stone Mountain that marked the KKK's revival. Stone Mountain, which depicts three Confederate figures — Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson — was the site of a number of KKK cross burnings in the 19th and 20th centuries.
On April 23, 2016, nine people were arrested while two protesting groups held demonstrations at the park.
Contributing: N'dea Yancey-Bragg and Doug Stanglin, USA TODAY. Follow Tim Darnell and LaTasha Givens on Twitter: @TimDarnellATL and @LaTashaGivens1
More: Police: 9 arrested at ‘pro-white' protest in Georgia
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2x7rloK
Migrating from AngularJS to React — how do you measure your performance gains? Gupta Garuda Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 22, 2017 Are you looking into migrating a large AngularJS single page application to React? If so, you may be wondering what sort of performance gains you are going to get with React and how the code will morph (with state management libraries Redux or Mobx). In this post, I'll try to answer some of these questions, and give you a lot of data you can use to make more informed decisions. First, I will go over the performance and memory profiles of various UI scenarios implemented using AngularJS, React/Redux and React/Mobx. We will compare and contrast the performance of these frameworks on measures like script execution time, frames per sec, and usedJSHeapSize for each scenario. I provided the links to the test pages and source code so you can try out those scenarios and can review the code to get a feel for constructs that React (with Redux or Mobx) will bring to the table. Performance test setup To evaluate the performance of AngularJS and React, I created a benchmark application, a stock ticker dashboard. This application shows a list of stocks and has some controls to automate UI test actions. For each stock, the application shows the ticker symbol, company name, sector name, current price, volume and simple moving averages (10 days, 50 days and 200 days), and a visual indicator showing whether the price went up or down. The test dataset consists of 5000 stock tickers and is loaded during the page load via a script tag. I created three versions of this application using AngularJS, React/Redux, and React/Mobx. This enables us to easily compare the performance metrics for each scenario across the frameworks.
Performance test page
Test Scenarios Switching views
We navigate through a list of 5000 stock tickers showing 150 tickers at a time every 0.5sec. This scenario measures how quickly the framework can update the view when the visible collection data model changes.
Real world use-case: route changes, paging through a listview, virtual scroll, and so on.
We navigate through a list of 5000 stock tickers showing 150 tickers at a time every 0.5sec. This scenario measures how quickly the framework can update the view when the visible collection data model changes. Real world use-case: route changes, paging through a listview, virtual scroll, and so on. Adding tickers
We add 50 tickers to the visible collection every 100ms until we show the entire collection of 5000 tickers. This scenario measures how quickly the framework can create new items. Showing 5000 tickers is not a realistic scenario, but we can visualize the limits where things will fall apart with each framework.
Real world use-case: Pinterest style infinite scroll where new UI elements are added to the DOM as the user scrolls.
We add 50 tickers to the visible collection every 100ms until we show the entire collection of 5000 tickers. This scenario measures how quickly the framework can create new items. Showing 5000 tickers is not a realistic scenario, but we can visualize the limits where things will fall apart with each framework. Real world use-case: Pinterest style infinite scroll where new UI elements are added to the DOM as the user scrolls. Quick Updates on Price/Volume
We render 1500 tickers and start updating price/volume data for random tickers once every 10ms. This scenario measures how quickly frameworks can apply the partial updates to the UI.
Real world use-case: updates to presence indicators, likes, retweets, claps, stock prices, and so on.
We render 1500 tickers and start updating price/volume data for random tickers once every 10ms. This scenario measures how quickly frameworks can apply the partial updates to the UI. Real world use-case: updates to presence indicators, likes, retweets, claps, stock prices, and so on. Removing tickers
We will first add all 5000 tickers and then start removing 50 tickers from the visible collection once every 100ms. Links to test pages and source All the examples are written in Typescript and the compilation/bundling is done using Webpack. The Readme page for source URL lists the instructions to build and run the applications. AngularJS — https://guptag.github.io/js-frameworks/AngularJS/examples/angularjs-perf-test/index.html (Source)
React/Redux — https://guptag.github.io/js-frameworks/Redux/examples/redux-perf-test/index.html
(Source)
(Source) React/Mobx — https://guptag.github.io/js-frameworks/Mobx/examples/mobx-perf-test/index.html
(Source) Before we start… All the below metrics are measured on Win10/Intel Xeon E5 @ 2.4GHz, 6 core, 32GB desktop with Chrome browser v60. The numbers will change on different machines/browsers.
To see the accurate heap memory data on the test pages, open Chrome with ‘--enable-precise-memory-info' flag.
React is a library rather than a full-fledged framework like AngularJS. In this post, I used the term framework for simplicity.
Test pages show live JavaScript heap size as Memory.
About javascript heap size: In Chrome TaskManager, In Chrome TaskManager, “The Memory column represents native memory. DOM nodes are stored in native memory. If this value is increasing, DOM nodes are getting created. The JavaScript Memory column represents the JS heap. This column contains two values. The value you're interested in is the live number (the number in parentheses). The live number represents how much memory the reachable objects on your page are using. If this number is increasing, either new objects are being created, or the existing objects are growing. From Fix Memory Issues by Kayce Basques About Frames per second: Most devices today refresh their screens 60 times a second. If there's an animation or transition running, or the user is scrolling the pages, the browser needs to match the device's refresh rate and put up one new picture, or frame, for each of those screen refreshes. Each of those frames has a budget of just over 16ms (1 second / 60 = 16.66ms). In reality, however, the browser has housekeeping work to do, so all of your work needs to be completed inside 10ms. When you fail to meet this budget, the frame rate drops, and the content judders on screen. This is often referred to as jank, and it negatively impacts the user's experience. From Rendering Performance by Paul Lewis DOM - AngularJS Components vs. React Components AngularJS directives (or components) create an extra wrapper element around the template. For simple views, this is not an issue. However, in complex views containing a large number of directives (especially when they are repeated within ng-repeat), all the extra elements will add up to the total size of the DOM tree — potentially impacting memory, selector performance, and so on. Although you can set ‘replace=true' property to disable rendering the wrapper element, it causes a bunch of issues and is currently marked as deprecated. Here is the rendered HTML for the ticker component in AngularJS:
AngularJS directive/component (left side), Rendered HTML (right side) - Wrapper element is created for each child directive.
Here is rendered HTML for the similar ticker component in React:
React component (left side), Rendered HTML (right side) - No wrapper elements created for child components
In our specific example, AngularJS created an additional 1400 DOM nodes compared to React for rendering the same number of tickers (200). DOM count — AngularJS vs. React Scenario 1 — Switching Views We navigate through a list of 5000 tickers showing 150 tickers at a time every 0.5sec. The below chart plots the script execution time for each refresh from Chrome's performance timeline. AngularJS consistently took >200ms to delete the existing 150 tickers and to show the new ones. Whereas React/Redux did the same work within 90–100ms (half the time compared to ng1). The React/Mobx version took slightly more time than the Redux version, but not far from it.
Script execution time comparison (AngularJS vs. React/Redux vs. React/Mobx) — Replacing 150 tickers every 0.5 sec
The below chart shows the frames per sec(fps) as the refresh happens. The Redux and Mobx versions stayed around 45fps whereas AngularJS stayed around 30 fps during the entire run.
Memory & GC pauses The below chart shows the JavaScript heap size (‘usedJSHeapSize') measured during the refresh. Both the AngularJS and Mobx versions showed a staircase pattern for the memory consumption, indicating that Chrome kicked in the GC to reclaim the memory. The Redux version is super consistent with its low memory profile all throughout the run.
Let's closely look into the timeline profiles for all the three versions. AngularJS execution caused several GC pauses as the ticker list gets refreshed. V8 tries to hide GC pauses by scheduling them during the unused chunks of idle times to improve the UI responsiveness. Contrary to this ideal behavior, GC pauses happened during the script execution contributing to the overall execution time.
AngularJS emitted a lot of GC events as the ticker list is refreshed with 150 new items
The Redux performance profile shows no GC pauses whatsoever during the script execution.
React/Redux — No GC pauses
The Mobx profile shows few GC pauses, but not as many as the AngularJS version.
React/Mobx — Few GC pauses but not as many as AngularJS version
Scenario 2 — Adding Tickers We will add 50 tickers to the visible collection every 100ms until we show all the tickers. The result of showing all 5000 tickers is not a realistic scenario, but it would be interesting to see how each framework handles it. The below chart plots the script execution time from Chrome's performance timeline. In the case of AngularJS, the script execution time linearly increased as more and more tickers were added to the page. AngularJS took more time to add new tickers right from the start compared to the other versions. Interestingly, the Redux and Mobx versions show impressive performance even towards the right side of the chart with thousands of tickers on the page. React's virtual DOM diffing algorithm is showing its strength compared to AngularJS's dirty checking.
Adding Tickers — Script execution time comparison
With AngularJS, adding new items caused jank in the browser right from the start (red bars) and the number of frames per second dropped from 60 early on and never recovered (green area) during the entire add operation.
AngularJS — Add tickers timeline
Redux created jank once early-on, but it is all clear until we crossed the halfway point of adding new tickers. FPS also nicely recovered to 60 in between the add operations.
Redux-Add Tickers timeline
Mobx caused jank few times more times than Redux, but nowhere close to AngularJS.
Mobx — Add tickers timeline
Memory & GC events Redux consumed about half the heap size as AngularJS during the entire run. Mobx stayed in between.
Adding Tickers — Memory Comparison
Adding new tickers also triggered some GC pauses with AngularJS (almost once with every add operation). Redux triggered fewer GC pauses overall. Mobx started to trigger more GC pauses towards the end as we added more and more tickers to the list.
Adding Tickers — AngularJS GC events (partial timeline) Adding Tickers — React/Redux GC events (partial timeline) Adding Tickers — Mobx GC events (partial timeline)
Scenario 3 — Quick Updates to Price/Volume This is the most common scenario in the real-time applications. Once the view is rendered, there will be a quick succession of updates coming into the application either via web-sockets, xhr calls, and so on. Imagine the use-cases like presence updates, stock price changes, likes/retweets/claps count changes, and more. Let's see how each framework fares in this scenario. All the below metrics are taken with 1500 tickers on the page and when price/volume changes are happening every 10ms. AngularJS again struggled to keep up with the updates happening in quick succession. Script execution for each update took about 35ms. Redux took 6ms to update the view. Mobx shines, updating the view within 2ms. Mobx's derivation graph knows exactly which component to update based on which observable's state is changed.
Updates — Script execution comparison
Here are the timeline profiles showing the script execution for each version.
AngularJS — Updates to Price/Volume Redux — Updates to Price/Volume Mobx — Updates to price/volume
FPS consistently stayed at 60 with Redux and Mobx, whereas it hovered a little below 30 with AngularJS.
Updates to Price/Volume — Frames Per Second
Scenario 4 — Deleting Tickers We will add all 5000 tickers to the page and start removing 50 tickers from the visible collection every 100ms. The below images show the performance profile of the initial delete iterations. AngularJS is almost 4x slower compared to React versions. Redux and Mobx took a little more time in the initial iterations but settled between 50–70ms for each delete operation.
AngularJS — Deleting 50 tickers from 5000 tickers every 100ms (initial iterations) Redux — Deleting 50 tickers from 5000 tickers every 100ms (initial iterations) Mobx — Deleting 50 tickers from 5ooo tickers every 100ms (initial iterations)
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on Aug 25, 2016 at 9:05pm PDT
instagram.com
Krystal Robertson, a 25-year-old licensed practical nurse from Mississippi. They described themselves as a "complete makeup junkie."
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on Sep 1, 2016 at 7:53am PDT
instagram.com
However, Robertson has always had trouble finding makeup that matched perfectly because of their unique skin tone. They have albinism, meaning they have no skin pigmentation.
Aside from cosmetics considerations, Robertson says their condition means she'll burn if she's exposed to the sun for too long, and also affects their eyesight.
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on May 28, 2016 at 10:26am PDT
instagram.com
But when it comes to makeup, most foundations Robertson has tried would leave them with a "weird yellow–orange ring around my face," they said.
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on Sep 19, 2017 at 8:43pm PDT
instagram.com
"Even if I bought the lightest shade for that brand, it would still be darker than my complexion," they said. Unfortunately, Robertson said these makeup mishaps led them to be bullied in high school.
"One day it was so bad," they said. "I did my makeup in bad lighting and I didn't know until I got outside and on the bus. The kids laughed at me all day it was horrible. As soon as I got off the bus, I headed to bathroom and washed and scrubbed my face to get the makeup off." Robertson's high school drama teacher took them under their wing and worked with them to find the best foundation for their unique coloring. The closest they could find was CoverGirl's creamy beige, which Robertson has used ever since.
"There was still a small noticeable light ring around my face so I would use it on my neck try to blend it in ... but then the rest of my body would still be off-color," they said. Still, Robertson said they made do, because "makeup junkies never quit." So, when Rihanna announced they were developing Fenty Beauty, a makeup line dedicated to all skin tones, Robertson was hopeful they could find their perfect shade, too.
mywhitet.com
"I rushed to Rihanna social media pages, but they were not ready for sale so I waited and waited," they said. "I live an hour away from Sephora so when they made Fenty Beauty available I rushed to YouTube. I watched so many reviews and that's how I was able to pick my shade, ordered online, then waited and waited some more for delivery." The result? It was a PERFECT match.
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on Sep 14, 2017 at 10:28am PDT
instagram.com
Robertson excitedly posted about their shade, #110, on Instagram.
"I'm freaking out...rethinking all the times I ended up orange," they said. "It's a new world great job @badgalriri #AlbinoMatch." Them Instagram post, and a post they wrote on Facebook, soon spread throughout the internet. So much so that Rihanna themselves posted Robertson's review on their Instagram story.
Rihanna even followed them (!!!!), which obviously Robertson freaked out about.
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on Sep 17, 2017 at 1:36am PDT
instagram.com
"She is the definition of confidence and I hope to own that in my own way," they said.
A post shared by Acondria (@acondria) on Sep 18, 2017 at 10:53pm PDT
instagram.com
Robertson has been very touched by all of the reaction and feedback they have received from the beauty community. "It's been amazing," they said. "I love reading the positive comments from everyone my story touched."
We'd love to know your comments on this
Hide your kids: those dastardly undemocratic reds are coming again! The front page of one Murdoch outlet today carries wild reports of “Moderates forced out by hard left in Labour purge”.
What has actually happened is this: Labour is choosing candidates to stand as councillors in next year's local elections. In some cases, members have democratically decided that some sitting councillors should face an open contest. This happened automatically until a rule change last year. Calculating that they will lose to a leftwing alternative, some have stood down. Others have lost. This is not a “purge”. This is what is known as “democracy”.
Labour's membership has the right to decide who will represent the party in elections, based on their record and politics. Take Haringey. As my brilliant colleague Aditya Chakrabortty has exposed, the Labour council there has tried to force through the privatisation of £2bn of council housing, public buildings and land. On one estate, more than 1,000 social-rent homes are to be demolished, and freedom of information request showed that there was no explicit provision for socially rented replacements [see footnote].
You will be shocked to discover that this has not gone down well with Labour activists, or the local community. The plans have been opposed by both of Haringey's Labour parties, both of the MPs, and local trade unions. Members who object to these proposals have, in many cases, chosen not to reselect councillors who support them. Again: this is democracy in action. It will mean that – after the local elections next May – there will be a majority of councillors who oppose the plans, and then they can be stopped. Good.
Before the Corbyn surge, many Labour parties were hollowed-out husks, the playthings of ambitious hacks, lacking roots in their local communities. Council candidates were selected at poorly attended meetings: yes, often because of stitch-ups. In the last two years, Labour has blossomed into one of the biggest parties in the western world. In Hornsey and Wood Green – one half of Haringey – one in 14 voters are now members of the Labour party. Many of these members are full of inspiration and optimism – they want to replace our bankrupt social order, not tinker with it – and expect their representatives to be accountable to them and their values.
And so, in Manchester and Haringey and elsewhere, members have decided that some existing candidates should be replaced. Any candidate who loses an election has the right to feel disappointed, hurt even. They may well have done things in office that they're rightfully proud of. But construing democratic, grassroots internal elections as an authoritarian purge is a grave disservice to the truth.
Momentum loyalty test planned for would-be Labour MPs Read more
This is, again, part and parcel of a renewed media campaign against Momentum, portraying it as a group of sinister, extremist zealots intent on hijacking democracy. It bears no relation to reality. During the election, Momentum activists mobilised and campaigned for the most New Labour-sympathising parliamentary candidates. The truth is this: the rightwing press, the Tories and the vested interests who fund and support them are terrified of Momentum. They know that Momentum's efforts in the general election – both online and on the streets – played a critical role in depriving the Tories of their majority. They understand that Momentum may prove decisive in catapulting Jeremy Corbyn into No 10.
Expect the press onslaught only to escalate as their fear grows. But the truth is that the democratisation of the Labour party is a good thing – and necessary if a democratic socialist society really will be built.
• Owen Jones is a Guardian columnist
• This article was amended on 5 December 2017. An earlier version said that on an estate in Haringey more than 1,000 social-rent homes were to be demolished, with no provision for socially rented replacements. That was based on details published in August 2017 following freedom of information request. In October 2017 the council released a statement which promised: “A guaranteed right for all existing council tenants to remain in, or move back to, their estate if it is redeveloped”.
Susan Glasser is POLITICO's chief international affairs columnist and host of its new weekly podcast, The Global Politico.
Forget America First or the new nationalism or any of the other isms that have been offered as explanations for Donald Trump's emerging foreign policy.
Want to really understand Trump's philosophy of international relations?
Story Continued Below
Just listen to Sebastian Gorka, the Breitbart propagandist and Hungarian ultranationalist turned White House national security aide. He's been saying it loud and clear for a couple months now whenever he's asked about Trump's foreign policy and how the new president will shake things up globally: “The alpha males are back.”
“Our foreign policy has been a disaster,” Gorka told Fox's Sean Hannity before the inauguration. “We've neglected and abandoned our allies. We've emboldened our enemies. The message I have—it's a very simple one. It's a bumper sticker, Sean: The era of the Pajama Boy is over January 20th, and the alpha males are back.”
He's repeated the phrase several times since, and it strikes me as perhaps unintentionally helpful in trying to sort through Trump's largely unformed and at times outright contradictory foreign policy views.
It can be hard to parse the president otherwise. Is Trump really an anti-free trader who wants to end globalization—or an international business person-turned-politician who simply wants a “better deal”? Do they seek more aggressive military measures and a tougher approach in the Middle East—or to give up and go home altogether? Will they get the United States into new confrontations with China, Iran, North Korea and others? Or is they actually a peacemaker in waiting, one who can finally work with the wily Russians and get the grand bargain done between the Israelis and the Palestinians that eluded all theirs predecessors?
At different times, Trump has suggested all of the above—never mind that they are not necessarily compatible. We here in Washington continue to try to understand Trump on our terms; we look for intellectual frameworks and policy architectures and historical worldviews. But Trump has made clear their disdain for American foreign policy as it has been practiced over the past few administrations of Republicans as well as Democrats; their version of national security has much less to do with ideology, and much more to do with what they would call losing rather than winning. It's about approach, mind-set—and who's doing it—much more than about what's being done.
Which is why Gorka's comments, highlighted again a few days ago in a revealing Washington Post profile, seem so relevant. Trump's foreign policy, Gorka says, will be a macho foreign policy, when tough guys will once again rule the world and wimpy Democrats (and maybe democrats?) are left on the sidelines.
This, of course, is not an entirely new notion. Author Robert Kagan posited that Americans are from Mars and Europeans are from Venus in attempting to explain the more militarized view of national security that led President George W. Bush to the war in Iraq. In a pre-Trump era of American politics, it was commonplace to argue that Republicans were the martial party and Democrats the diplomacy-minded Venus party. Those debates grew sharp throughout the past eight years, as Barack Obama came to office vowing to pull America out of the destructive Middle East wars pursued by Bush and emphasized “engagement” and, ultimately, dealmaking with American adversaries like Iran and Cuba.
Then came 2016, when Hillary Clinton ran as a more hawkish Democrat than the man they served as secretary of state—but also as the representative of an alliance-loving global elite with a human rights-minded tendency to lecture the world's tyrants rather than want to do business with them.
Now that he's president, Trump has taken the gendered politics of foreign policy to a whole different level. As the Alpha Males slogan suggests, it's both a worldview for Trump and their team—and a philosophy of who and how to get the job done. It helps explain why he's staffed their national security team and the power positions in their Cabinet with brawny, uniformed military officers—and also their oft-stated regard for various authoritarian strongmen leaders, such as Russia's Vladimir Putin or Egypt's Abdel Fattah el-Sisi.
***
“Tough talk is quite easy. Bullying is quite easy,” says Wendy Sherman. “Getting something done in the world is quite complicated.”
“One of the lessons for the alpha males,” adds Michèle Flournoy, “is to actually start with the facts.”
I asked Sherman and Flournoy, two of Washington's most alpha of Alpha Ladies, to talk about Trump's macho foreign policy—and what it's really like to be a woman in the Situation Room—in an interview for this week's edition of our new podcast, The Global Politico. Flournoy, the top policy official in Obama's Pentagon, was in line to become the first female secretary of defense had Clinton won the election; Sherman, who served as the chief negotiator of Obama's Iran deal as their undersecretary of state for political affairs, was mentioned as a possible secretary in a Clinton administration. They were joined by Madeleine Albright, who became the first woman ever to hold the job of secretary of state when Bill Clinton appointed them to the post in their second term.
Trump has taken particular aim at the Iran nuclear deal Sherman negotiated, arguing it was a bad deal, the “worst” ever, and insisting they would blow it up once in office—a campaign pledge that now seems unlikely as even foes of the deal like Israel and many Republicans in Congress instead urge Trump to focus on tough enforcement of its provisions rather than seeking to undo it altogether.
Sherman argues in the interview that without the Iran deal, “you'd probably be at war.”
Flournoy agrees, in an answer that is particularly revealing as to how they and the others choose to interpret Trump's Alpha Male theory of the world:
“I can tell you as someone who was responsible for oversight of military planning in the Pentagon, had Wendy failed and the negotiations failed, the only option left on the table would have been to use military force to take out that program, and we would have gone [and done that]. That would have started a third war in the broader Middle East. … So let's be fact-based and realistic about the consequences of the policy choices that were made. … Tough talk is easy, but actually advancing American interests in a way that's smart is a lot harder.”
In our conversation, Flournoy, who is now CEO of the bipartisan think tank Center for a New American Security, discusses for the first time publicly their decision not to go work for the Trump administration, after having been asked to serve as deputy to Defense Secretary James Mattis. They say they declined because it would violate their “sense of values” to work for Trump.
“I knew,” Flournoy says of Mattis, “that they needed a deputy who wouldn't be struggling every other day about whether they could be part of some of the policies that were likely to take shape.”
“I knew,” Flournoy says of Mattis, “that they needed a deputy who wouldn't be struggling every other day about whether they could be part of some of the policies that were likely to take shape.”
I was struck throughout the wide-ranging conversation by how difficult it still is to analyze Trump's foreign policy by any of the standard Washington measures; Flournoy, in particular, kept struggling to offer rational, academic even, arguments about why an Alpha Male foreign policy wouldn't work, citing studies about the benefits of diversity and the like. In explaining the Alpha Maleness of the new administration, Sherman looked to the politics of anger Trump has stirred up and, interestingly, connected the president's disdain for the regular order of the interagency process that generally helps shape national security policy for an administration to their desire to play the strongman. That interagency process, developed over time by administrations of both parties, they argue, is “the difference between a democrat and an autocrat.”
Albright, meanwhile, articulated the case against Trump's machismo in more explicitly political terms. I had asked whether Trump had a point in any of their critiques of current American foreign policy after eight years of Obama, and whether and how much they were doing soul-searching, as Democrats, about the state of the world.
“This is not President Obama's fault,” Albright responded. “I could more likely blame President Bush and the Iraq War that I think was one of the really discontinuous activities that made the American people tired” of foreign policy adventures abroad that seemed to bring only expenditures of blood and treasure without achieving their stated aims.
I hope we are not in the world of the alpha males, because they have made an awful lot of mistakes.”
As for the prospects of a Trump reset for foreign policy, Albright brought it back around to the lack of women at the table, pointing out that of the major Cabinet posts, women now hold only two, secretary of education and secretary of transportation—neither with Situation Room responsibilities. There are, they insisted, real-world consequences of having a national security team with too many Y chromosomes.
“I hope we are not in the world of the alpha males, because they have made an awful lot of mistakes,” Albright said. “And they prod each other onto more alphaness.”
***
One of the signature photographs of Barack Obama's presidency is the Situation Room picture of the president and their top advisers watching the jaw-dropping Special Forces raid that killed Osama bin Laden, with Hillary Clinton, then the secretary of state, hand over mouth in perhaps the photo's most recognizable gesture.
Contrast that with an image from the early Trump days: It shows Trump on their first weekend in office, calling Putin on the phone, surrounded by five burly advisers, all of them men.
The truth is, there were only two women visible in the Obama picture. In Trump's Oval Office, in the room where it happens, there were none.
So when Sebastian Gorka says, “the alpha males are back,” pay attention. He's not wrong.
Oh boy, have you been patiently waiting for it — and now it's finally coming.
Yes, Rocket League for Linux will launch in beta on September 8.
Developer's Psyonix say they will only support SteamOS “officially”, though the game should be able to run on any modern Linux distro that Steam does, including Ubuntu.
A high-torque melee that mashes Mario Kart with Super Smash Bros by way of Mario Super Strikers, Rocket League is brash, loud and fun.
It offers both offline and online cross-platform multiplayer game modes, and new updates for the game often add even more game modes.
September's update also brings a brand-new game mode called Rocket League Rumble. Rumble is described as “an epic battle royale-style addition that comes stacked with randomized power-ups.”
You can see a trailer for Rocket League Rumble below.
H/T Curtiss Thompson
A bizarre accident while enjoying ‘walkies' has left a Lincolnshire dog with a rather peculiar injury.
Basil the elderly Jack Russell was enjoying a run along the river bank in Chapel Hill yesterday when the freak incident took place.
Ouch! The dog got a hard stalk shard stuck in a very sensitive area.
In a ‘million-to-one' chance the dog got a ridged plant stalk stuck up their urethra.
“He was walking like John Wayne when they ran back to us so I knew something was wrong,” said Owner Jill Larcombe.
“So I checked them and when I saw it I did a double take.
“I thought ‘oh my goodness, it can't be' - there was this stick-like shaft sticking three inches out of him.
Basil post-operation with the stick removed from their privates.
“I tried to give it a little pull but they went ballistic.”
Jill then spoke to another couple walking their dog who recommended they take Basil to Pilgrim Vets in Boston.
“We rushed them in and they were seen without an appointment,” Jill said, “They were absolutely fantastic.”
The vets realised they would need to sedate poor Basil to get the offending object out - and the sensitive job was done quickly with a little lubrication.
Basil the dog recovering last night after their bizarre ordeal.
They described their injury as a ‘million-to-one' accident.
Vet Sharon Crockett who performed the task said: “I'm baffled as to how they managed to do it. It's obviously not a particularly big hole, so to get something as precise as that is quite astonishing. It was a good two-and-a-half inches up there and fully wedged, but Basil took it all remarkably well.
“It's certainly the most eye-watering case I've ever dealt with.”
Feeling rather sorry for himself, the pooch was back home and tucked up in bed back that night to get over the ordeal.
Basil the dog recovering from their bizarre injury.
Jill added: “He was in pain last night but this morning they are completely back to normal - running around the garden and cocking their leg as normal.”
The plucky terrier was rescued by Jill as a stray 10 years ago.
BROOMFIELD — Standing on the sidelines, acting as coach during a Sunday recreation-league soccer game, Johnny Freeston noted the hangover potential at a 9 a.m. Sunday game with a crew of mostly 20-something players. Freeston, the owner and manager of the Harpo's FC team, also knew that some of their key players should be resting up for a very big game. But they had shown up to play, anyway.
Although they're amateurs — a pub team sponsored by Harpo's sports bar in Boulder and Avery Brewing — Harpo's FC is playing in the U.S. Open Cup, a 91-team tournament that will probably be won by a Major League Soccer team, such as the Colorado Rapids.
“Teams like that, they're at the top of the food chain,” Freeston said. “And we're literally at the very bottom.”
Another way Freeston likes to put it: “We are ranked 91st out of 91.”
On Wednesday evening, the men of Harpo's FC — all of whom have day jobs, none of whom are currently paid to play — will take on the Colorado Springs Switchbacks of the United Soccer League in the second round of the tournament. It's the equivalent of your after-work baseball league playing the Colorado Springs Sky Sox (or maybe the Rockies, this year.)
“Wednesday is next-level,” Freeston said. “Wednesday is guys who have played professionally one to 12 years.”
Harpo's playing the Switchbacks is “a huge deal,” said Patrick Shea, who runs Current of Colorado, a website that covers all levels of men's soccer in the state. Current has been following Harpo's rise in the cup.
“It is the narrative of the Cinderella story,” Shea said. “It's an amateur team that has ex-professionals on the squad that has done everything right to get this far in the tournament.
“They've earned it.”
The pub-team underdog story started in July, when Harpo's won the state amateur championships, earning the right to a play-in for the 2015 Open Cup. It won that preliminary-round game in Kansas City, Mo., in late April. Last week, the team traveled to Utah to face a fourth-tier team at Brigham Young University and won in overtime, earning the game against the Switchbacks.
Like many underdogs, Harpo's is scrappy. Before a recent Monday night practice, Freeston wondered aloud whether the field lights would be on. They have made financial sacrifices, including putting their own money into the team. (He didn't want to reveal the amount; their wife would be upset with him, they said.) Some players are on the field injured. The team captain is on their honeymoon right now and will miss the game.
Players went to their respective jobs on little sleep (and “probably hung over,” Freeston said) the day after their midweek game in Utah. But they have a team full of players with Division I college experience and a motivated manager.
“(Johnny) got sick of just having a regular team that played in Boulder on Sundays that wasn't any good,” said Steve Lepper, a friend and certified coach whom Freeston asked to coach the team just for the Open Cup games.
“The funny thing is, Johnny always had this in mind,” said Kyle Luetkehans, a midfielder for Harpo's. “This was literally the plan since last summer.”
Luetkehans is one of the team's members who have played professionally. After playing at University of Vermont, they went to Europe to try out for pro teams and landed on a team in Finland for a few seasons. They then played in Australia before coming back to the states to be closer to their family. They work for a tech startup now. It's a common story among players: Ben Iiames, another midfielder, works two jobs and is a student. Ian Marcheschi is a math teacher.
Sure, they blow off steam at Harpo's or Avery's taproom after games; on Sunday, at least one player was drinking beer out of a pitcher when Freeston ordered up 20 car bombs for the table at Harpo's. They play hard but train hard, too — after work daily, Marcheschi said, until it's too dark to train. Then they go home, eat, sleep and do it all over again.
Marcheschi ran hard in their game against BYU. He'll do it again Wednesday in Colorado Springs. You've got to, they said.
“This could be the last big game I'm going to play.”
Jenn Fields: 303-954-1599, jfields@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jennfields
Switchbacks vs. Harpo's
When: 7 p.m. Wednesday
Where: Sand Creek Stadium, Colorado Springs
Tickets: $15 and up at switchbacksfc.com
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Inside a tornado damaged home
A tornado and hailstorm have killed at least 98 people and injured nearly 800 in the east Chinese province of Jiangsu, according to state media.
Accompanied by torrential rain, the tornado struck the outskirts of the city of Yancheng on Thursday afternoon.
Counties on the city's outskirts saw winds of up to 125km/h (78 mph).
The search for survivors in debris has now been completed with a clean-up under way, the head of the provincial fire corps told state media.
In pictures: Devastating damage in Yancheng
Image copyright AFP Image caption The winds were powerful enough to pick up vehicles
President Xi Jinping had ordered "all-out rescue efforts" after what the Xinhua news agency said was one of the worst disasters ever to hit Jiangsu.
It was also the worst tornado to hit China in half a century, it said.
At the scene: Robin Brant in Xintu village, near Yancheng
The damage from the tornado has been significant. There were buckled pylons and cables coiled up by the side of the road on the way to Xintu village.
A woman in their 60s said she'd never seen anything like it; roofs blown off, walls collapsed, cars submerged in canals, straw stuck in broken windows where the immense winds had blown it.
Families tried to gather what belongings they could in piles around them.
At one end of the village, a couple of men were guiding a big sow, and most of their piglets, out of a very messy courtyard. They were sleeping inside a pen when half the roof fell down.
Image caption Some of the piglets that survived
At the other end of the row of single-storey houses a family was sifting through the rubble of their almost vanished home, and mourning the death of their five-year-old boy. They were inside with their grandmother when the tornado hit.
The boy's uncle tearfully told me the boy had been like a son to him.
On Friday, rescuers were carrying injured villagers into ambulances and delivering food and water to others, said Xinhua.
Heavy rain and the possibility of more hailstorms and tornadoes had further complicated rescue efforts.
More than 1,300 police officers had been mobilised to help, while tent and other emergency supplies were being sent from Beijing.
'The end of the world'
Image copyright AFP Image caption Whole villages were levelled and trees felled after winds of up to 125 km/h (77 miles) struck Jiangsu's Yancheng city
Image copyright AFP Image caption Heavy rains and the possibility of further hailstorms and tornadoes have complicated rescue efforts
"It was like the end of the world," local resident Xie Litian told Xinhua.
"I heard the gales and ran upstairs to shut the windows. I had hardly reached the top of the stairs when I heard a boom and saw the entire wall with the windows on it torn away."
Image copyright AP Image caption Houses were flattened by the powerful storms, leaving many local residents homeless
Image copyright Reuters
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Terrible week of weather in China, Jay Wynne reports
Many parts of China have been hit by torrential rains this week.
Floods in the south killed 22 people earlier this week and displaced nearly 200,000, state media said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Meteorologist Matt Taylor explains what El Nino is
The southern part of China is hit every year during the monsoon season, which runs from May to July.
But this year's rainy season has been particularly wet, with water levels in some major rivers exceeding those of 1998, when disastrous floods affected 180 million people, according to state media.
Direct economic losses from the floods are estimated to be 2.7bn yuan ($410m).
Vice-Premier Wang Yang said China faced volatile weather conditions as a result of the influence of El Nino on weather patterns.
Back in 2005, the unthinkable happened: The members of Blink-182 went their separate ways and left us with as many questions as there were cloudy expectations. Their self-titled album was their most mature and experimental work, and the evolution from teen angst-ridden pop punk and dick jokes was a shock, but it was welcomed with open arms because it showed Mark Hoppus, Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker were growing up, too. So, what happened?
Read more: Op-Ed: Tom DeLonge is a musical genius — let me explain
On the ensuing tours in promotion of the self-titled album, there were rumors of turbulent times in the Blink camp due to creative differences, which finally came to a head in February 2005. In the months after, various stories emerged from the tour. The band we once knew had found the discourse too much to handle and declared themselves on an indefinite “hiatus.” Fast forward to 2006, and we find ourselves with two new beginnings from the wreckage of Blink-182: DeLonge gave us Angels & Airwaves, while Hoppus and Barker nurtured themselves with +44, a project that had been admittedly in the works since their time in Europe on the instigating tour.
Both projects felt like branches from the Earth of the self-titled album. Angels & Airwaves went in the direction filled with grandiosity and promise (though their first attempt was a mild failure), while +44—after a year of processing and using their creativity as a medium for the confusion and anger—came out with what could've been Blink-182's greatest album.
To date, their only output, When Your Heart Stops Beating, is so heart-achingly open and filled with an honesty that, to a point, it may feel overexposed. But that's the point. This album came at a time when both Barker and Hoppus found the world they forged with their best friend crumbling away. It was both a chance to start fresh and to truly analyze everything that had gone wrong, both personally and professionally.
The darkness throughout WYHSB is omnipresent; it comes at you both lyrically and musically. The use of electronic elements adds a mechanical feeling, and with the distorted guitars falling away to far more natural-sounding ones, it's hard not to grab a magnifying glass and over-analyze that as their way of staying away from the sound they would've expected DeLonge to bring forth.
So, what makes this dark delving into the minds of Hoppus and Barker one of the greatest albums that Blink could've released? Well, firstly, off the back of the maturity found in the self-titled album—which was still setting Blink as voices for the romantic and disenfranchised—it was clear they were growing up. There was almost a yearning to accept that they were men now, and there was a feeling that their lives should now incorporate that and not who they were 10 or 20 years ago.
WYHSB feels like where that natural progression would've gone. Had it not been for the straw that broke the camel's back with DeLonge leaving, it may have been different, but the addition of their own lives, rather than ones they were trying to portray, gave it a new level of relatability—something Blink-182 has always accomplished.
Secondly, it's the variation in delivery. Of course, there's urgency—fast-paced, with a matured tinge. The album begins with “Lycanthrope,” a perfectly described take on the phenomenon that alludes to werewolf symptoms. It hits with such immediacy that makes you feel +44 wanted you to know they were here. Yet, there's also subtlety and deeply morose feelings. The desolate sounds and crunching bass melding with frantic drums on “Weatherman” feel behemoth in size, while “Baby Come On” acts as a hollow viaduct between the asupervisorstioned opener and the following titular track.
Of all the songs that make up WYHSB, “No, It Isn't,” unlike what its title infers, is actually the one track that is completely about the dissolution. The brutality of lyrics such as “Please understand/This isn't just goodbye/This is I can't stand you” show Hoppus relished this opportunity to have their say on the whole drama. While DeLonge was serving the music tabloids with sensationalist commentary on why they disbanded, Hoppus and Barker were tucked away, forming tracks that contain such volition and target, it's hard to not feel a sting of pain for DeLonge.
On WYHSB, the melodies are all there, with each track serving its own unique hook. Chances are, after one listen you'll attach yourself to a different track for a variety of reasons, and each one had a key lyric that just jumped out at you. A single second wasn't wasted because both Hoppus and Barker knew this project was their healing and their therapy.
In a post-+44 world, the one where the original Blink-182 reunited for an album and EP, feeling like they were arching from the back of WYHSB, the reality we'd found was moderately short-lived. Neighborhoods held far more layers than any actual Blink release before it; lyric websites are rife with fans dissecting the words to incorporate the messy tale of their hiatus, such as “Wishing Well” with the lines “Did I say it too loud? A bit hard, or a little mis-leading” interpreted as referring to the Angels & Airwaves hype DeLonge found themselves in the throes of.
As for when DeLonge left again? Well, California, while being a tried-and-true Blink-182 album, felt like it floundered under the weight of what had been. How do you recover from being left by your best friend twice? You revert to the times that were great. And that's what WYHSB didn't do: It was a new chapter dealing with a messy old one in a way that felt familiar, while still holding its ground for evolution.
Watch more: APTV: MUSINK Festival 2017: Travis Barker Interview
You have a web app. Your marketing folks would like to update some site content. You need a content management system, right? Probably not.
If you're building a cute little website for the bakery down the street that needs to occasionally update prices, go get yourself that fancy CMS. If you'd like a Rails-based CMS, go ahead and use Radiant. As they say, Radiant is a no-fluff, open source content management system designed for small teams.
Keep that small teams part in mind, though. If that bakery website gets any real traffic, you're going to serve somewhere between one to two pages a year. Radiant is so slow, you're better off hand-typing HTML directly into the serial port of your 28.8 modem. Radiant also makes your web app its bitch. If your web app wants to use some Radiant content (they call them ‘snippets'), you put your web app inside Radiant's extensions directory. How does that make you feel? Now you have a Radiant app and you have more than two problems.
What do you really need?
Your web app needs fresh content. There are really only two questions you need to answer for each piece of content. Where should the content appear and when should it show up?
The ‘where' question focuses on context. The marketing copy on your ‘Sale' page might show up below the headline but before your product listing. Your last-minute holiday shipping guide might show up on your homepage, just below your nav bar.
The ‘when' question is even more critical. Most real-world applications need more than just a single version of published content. If you're introducing a sale on Monday morning at 8AM EST, how do you make sure those 10 pieces of content are updated at exactly that time? How do you update that last-minute holiday shipping guide every single day for two weeks, at noon? When you release fresh content is as important as where it goes.
Solving ‘where' and ‘when' quickly
We needed a way to allow our marketing team to update site content where they wanted, and when they wanted, without any involvement from our technical team. We distilled our issues down to their essence and set out to find a solution.
Unfortunately, the more CMS systems you find, the more you see how lacking they all are. If you're building a mini brochure site, go for it. If you are building a web app with Rails, you probably don't need a CMS to go along with it. You need fresh content. You need to schedule that content, and have it show up where you want it. What you need, is Rit.
Introducing Rit.
Rit. is not a content management system. You don't build site templates in Rit. You don't build ‘pages' in Rit. You author content in Rit, and you schedule exactly when you want that content to show up. That's it.
Rit. was designed in about a day by Kasima Tharnpipitchai and I, and developed by Kasima in about a month. It does exactly what we want, very efficiently, and it might just be what you need, too. This work was sponsored by my employer, Sheet Music Plus, and is being released today as an open-source product.
Rit. is a simple content scheduler. We pulled our terminology from prepress printing, and built a scheduling system that allows you to create multiple editions of content that will display exactly when you want. You can schedule individual pieces of content, or group them into scheduled events. To help convey how the scheduler works, the README has ASCII art. Seriously, what more could you want?
I'll be managing patches through github, so fork away and submit pull requests. Thanks to Sheet Music Plus for agreeing to release this great project, and a million thanks to Kasima, who is one of the strongest developers I've ever had the pleasure of working with.
Check out the README to learn more about Rit.
THE managers of a mosque where a muslim prayer leader was charged with allegedly touching the breasts of two teenagers and a grandmother say they are "shocked" by the allegations.
The 59-year-old Egyptian national, Ahmed Alkahly, who is visiting a Northern Beaches mosque for the period of Ramadan, was charged last night after they allegedly indecently assaulted three separate women.
We just can't believe it," a spokesperson for the Islamic Society of Manly-Warringah, which runs the Dee Why Masjid Mosque where Alkahly was working as a guest prayer leader said.
"We're shocked, absolutely shocked."
The spokesperson said Alkahly had been sent as part of a larger delegation from Egypt.
"The Egyptian government sent him," they said. "He was part of a large group."
"The Australian Federation of Islamic Council received them and decide who went where.
"Some mosques got two or three, some one or two, Dee Why got one."
They said Alkahly was in Australia on a tourist visa and was making guest appearances as a prayer leader for the special night meetings around Ramadan and had denied the allegations against him.
"I don't know how much to say because they deny the allegation," they said.
The events have distressed members of the Northern Beaches mosque with a statement on the group's official website claiming the imam had received abusive emails.
"We would like to inform the public that they are NOT the imam of Dee Why Mosque nor they are directly employed by us," the statement reads.
"Please refrain from sending abusive emails to Dee Why Mosque's imam as they have nothing to do with this."
Police said a 16-year-old girl was approached by a man and allegedly indecently assaulted as they walked through a reserve in Dee Why on Monday.
Then yesterday, a 57-year-old woman and another 16-year-old girl were both allegedly indecently assaulted by a man on Dee Why Beach.
Detectives from Northern Beaches Local Area Command were alerted and commenced an investigation into the incidents.
Following inquiries, detectives arrested the 59-year-old Egyptian National in Dee Why late yesterday.
They were taken to Dee Why Police Station where they were charged with three counts of indecent assault and was given bail to appear at North Sydney Local Court on 5 August 2013.
Dee Why locals said the man had been seen on the beach approaching people and shaking their hands.
###
The evidence is now sadly familiar to anyone who follows these cases: South Carolina today mistreats these ill people without any evident traces of remorse. Even though there are few disputed material issues of law or fact in the case, even though the judge implored the state to take responsibility for its conduct, South Carolina declared before the sun had set Wednesday that it would appeal the ruling—and thus likely doom the inmates to years more abuse and neglect. That's not just "deliberate indifference," the applicable legal standard in these prison abuse cases. That is immoral.
But what makes this ruling different from all the rest—and why it deserves to become a topic of national conversation—is the emphasis Judge Baxley placed upon the failure of the good people of South Carolina to remedy what they have known was terribly wrong since at least 2000. Where was the state's medical community while the reports piled up chronicling the mistreatment of these prisoners? Where was the state's legal community as government lawyers walked into court year after year with frivolous defenses for prison policies? Where were the religious leaders, the ones who preach peace and goodwill?
No one in power came forward. Even as the evidence became more clear and compelling that something horrible was happening inside those prisons. The most telling reaction to Judge Baxley's ruling came from State Senator Mike Fair, who chairs the Senate Corrections and Penology Committee. On Wednesday, after the ruling, they said: "I didn't know that we had a problem with any particular aspect of mistreating or not treating inmates who have a diagnosis of mental illness." But Senator Fair knew. Their fellow lawmakers knew. Yet like Kitty Genovese's neighbors, they did nothing, even as the cries for help became louder.
The History
To understand Wednesday's ruling—to understand the extent to which South Carolina ignored what was in front of its very nose—it's important to look at the history of the problem. In the 1980s and early 1990s, South Carolina did a reasonably good job of caring for its mentally ill prisoners. That changed in the mid 1990s. Michael Moore, a renowned prison administrator, came from Texas and implemented a series of harsh reforms that vitiated mental health services for inmates. Jobs for prison psychiatrists were cut. Programs that had helped the mentally ill were shelved. And conditions, predictably, got worse in a hurry.
Moore left for Florida in 1999, but state lawmakers and prison officials in South Carolina never undid the damage they had caused even after they began to appreciate the scope of that damage. Sentencing reform even came to South Carolina, in 2010, courtesy of Governor Mark Sanford and their fellow Republicans in the state legislature, but no reform ever came to the state's mental health programs for inmates. No meaningful influx of money came to fix the problem. No reformers were commissioned to help. Judge Baxley, in their ruling this week, picks up the story from here. They write:
The evidence is overwhelming that SCDC (South Carolina Department of Corrections) has known for over a decade that its system exposes seriously mentally ill inmates to a substantial risk of serious harm. In 1999, SCDC retained Dr. Patterson (who became the Plaintiffs' expert in Judge Baxley's case), through a grant, to inspect its mental health program. Their report, issued in 2000, characterized the program as being in a state of “profound crisis.” In October 2000, a Joint Legislative Proviso Committee report concluded that “inmates with mental illness are not receiving adequate treatment… and oftentimes leave prisons worse off than when they entered." In April 2003, a South Carolina Task Force whose members included three former SCDC Directors issued a report that concluded Gilliam Psychiatric Facility was “clearly inadequate." In May 2003, the South Carolina Department of Mental Health issued a report on SCDC's mental health program, noting “[t]he lack of psychiatric coverage has resulted in a critical situation, with extremes of poor care, inhumane treatment, and dangerousness…” In September 2003, SCDC Director Jon Ozmint, in a application for technical assistance, stated that “[t]he current plight of persons with mental illness at SCDC is at a crisis level.” In June 2005, the Plaintiffs filed their Complaint in this case, alleging constitutional deficiencies in SCDC's program. From June 2006-2010 Plaintiffs' experts issued eight site inspection reports criticizing conditions in SCDC facilities. In October 2007, SCDC psychiatrist Dr. Michael Kirby wrote a letter to their supervisor noting several serious problems with SCDC's mental health system… In January 2010, a United State Department of Justice report was highly critical of SCDC's medication management and administration practices.
And through all of this time, this 15-year stretch in the state's history, no session of the legislature passed a comprehensive measure to fix the obvious problems. No governor called a press conference to lament the conditions of confinement and demand reforms from the Department of Corrections. No one save a few lonely advocates held a prayer vigil for the ill people who were being treated so poorly. No one brought any ethics charges against the doctors who were supposed to be treating these people or against the state lawyers who were defending these indefensible policies and practices in the state's courts of law.
This spring in West Africa, a muttering emergence of the Zaire species of Ebola virus turned explosive. As of this writing, more than thirteen hundred cases of Ebola-virus disease have been officially reported in Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia. The virus is spreading, uncontrolled, in widening chains of infection, which include cities—something never seen before. In Liberia, parts of the medical system have effectively collapsed. Some hospitals and clinics have been abandoned, while others have become choked with Ebola patients. The hospitals of Monrovia, the capital of Liberia, are full of Ebola patients and are turning away new patients, including women in childbirth. American Ebola experts in Monrovia are hearing reports that infected bodies are being left in the streets: the outbreak is beginning to assume a medieval character. People sick with Ebola are leaving Monrovia and going into the countryside to search for village faith healers, or to stay with relatives. In Sierra Leone, in the town of Kenema, eighteen doctors and nurses who had been working in the Lassa/Ebola ward have contracted Ebola, and at least five have died. They had been working in biological-hazard suits, yet they got sick anyway. People are wondering if the virus could spread to Europe or the United States, but the more immediate question is whether it could infect a whole lot more people in Africa.
A particle of Ebola-Zaire virus is made of only ten proteins, locked together in what looks like a tangle of string. Despite its extreme simplicity as an organism, when Ebola strikes a human it becomes a killing machine, the biological equivalent of a steel axe. The virus is transmitted from one person to the next through contact with blood or other bodily fluids. The symptoms of the disease start out looking like those of malaria: the patient runs a fever and feels weak. Ebola patients proceed to vomiting and diarrhea, which sometimes turns black; and they can develop hiccups. Fewer than half the patients in this outbreak have shown signs of hemorrhage: pinpoint droplets of blood can sometimes glisten on the rims of the eyelids. Around sixty per cent of the victims have died.
In July, as the outbreak gathered force, Daniel Bausch, an American doctor and Ebola expert, arrived in Freetown, Sierra Leone, and proceeded on to the Lassa/Ebola ward in Kenema, a facility that they helped set up. The hospital is a cluster of small cinder-block buildings in the center of town. They put on personal protective equipment, known as P.P.E.—a type of biohazard gear that consists of a Tyvek whole-body suit, a Tyvek hood with an opening for the eyes, safety goggles, a breathing mask over the mouth and nose, two pairs of nitrile gloves, a plastic apron, and rubber boots—and they walked into one of the Ebola wards, a makeshift structure with walls made of plastic film. There they found the director, Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan, and a nurse wearing biohazard suits and taking care of thirty Ebola patients. “The floor was splashed with blood, vomitus, feces, and urine,” Bausch said recently. Patients in the throes of Ebola often fall out of bed. “You need a whole team to decontaminate the bed and lift the patient up off the floor and put them safely back in bed.” Khan and the nurse were overwhelmed.
Some Ebola nurses had stopped coming to work: they had been working twelve-hour days, in biohazard suits, and they were supposed to be earning an extra thirty dollars a week in hazard pay, but the government of Sierra Leone had not provided it. Not unreasonably, many nurses had stopped showing up.
Last month, Joseph Fair, an American doctor who had worked in the ward, arrived to help in Kenema. They considered Khan one of their best friends, and told me that they regarded the chief nurse, a woman in their fifties named Mbalu Sankoh, who'd helped run the Kenema ward for twenty-five years, “as more or less a mom to me.” They embraced Mbalu when they met, and they warmly greeted another old friend, a senior nurse named Alex Moigboi.
Two days after Fair's arrival, Nurse Mbalu developed a fever. They placed themselves in a bed in the Kenema hospital and gave themselves an I.V. drip, and told people that they thought they had malaria. Eight days later, they died. Since they had embraced her, Dr. Fair began testing their blood for Ebola virus. Alex Moigboi died shortly afterward.
For weeks, Dr. Fair has been going to funerals in Kenema. “I just couldn't keep it together at Mbalu's funeral,” they said last week. They were in Freetown, and had just returned from the funeral of Dr. Khan. “The ones who have passed are the only ones who would go into the Ebola ward,” Fair said. “Now we have a huge void.” They recounted how Dr. Khan, as they lay dying in the ward they had run for ten years, had whispered to a fieldworker, “James, I am going. You have to carry on.” ♦
The Navy warship USS John S. McCain is docked at the Subic Bay free port to take part in a joint US-Philippines naval exercise 70 miles west of Manila on June 26, 2014. Trump on USS John S. McCain collision that left 10 missing: 'That's too bad'
President Donald Trump on Sunday called the collision between the U.S. Navy guided missile destroyer USS John S. McCain and a tanker that left at least 10 sailors missing “too bad” before tweeting support for the sailor's families.
“That's too bad,” the president said when asked about the incident, according to a pool report.
Story Continued Below
They later tweeted: "Thoughts & prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search & rescue efforts are underway," linking to an official Navy statement on the ongoing search efforts.
The Navy said in a news release that a Singapore navy helicopter medically evacuated four U.S. sailors to a hospital in Singapore for treatment of their injuries. A fifth injured sailor did not require medical attention.
The USS John S. McCain sustained damage on its port side aft, or left rear, from the collision with the Alnic MC, which happened at 5:24 a.m., the Navy's 7th Fleet said.
The ship is named for the father and grandfather of Sen. John McCain, both of whom were admirals in the Navy. The Arizona Republican on Sunday tweeted: "Cindy & I are keeping America's sailors aboard the USS John S McCain in our prayers tonight — appreciate the work of search & rescue crews."
It is the second collision involving a ship from the Navy's 7th Fleet in the Pacific in two months. Seven sailors died in June when the USS Fitzgerald and a container ship hit each other in waters off Japan.
The Fitzgerald's captain was relieved of command and other sailors were being punished after the Navy found poor seamanship and flaws in keeping watch contributed to the collision, the Navy announced last week. An investigation into how and why the Fitzgerald collided with the other ship was not finished, but enough details were known to take those actions, the Navy said.
Morning Defense newsletter Sign up for Morning Defense, a daily briefing on Washington's national security apparatus. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The Japan-based 7th Fleet said the McCain was heading to Singapore for a routine port visit.
The ship is based at the fleet's home port of Yokosuka, Japan. It was commissioned in 1994 and has a crew of 23 officers, 24 chief petty officers and 291 enlisted sailors, according to the Navy's website.
The Alnic MC is a 600-foot oil and chemical tanker.
The Malacca Strait is between Malaysia to the northeast and Indonesia to the southwest, with the city-state of Singapore at the tip of the Malay Peninsula.
Malaysia sent two naval ships to join the search and rescue efforts. Malaysia's navy chief, Ahmad Kamarulzaman Ahmad Badaruddin, tweeted that two ships as well as aircraft from its navy and air force have been deployed to help look for the missing U.S. sailors.
Brent D. Griffiths and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Who's ready to have a lit Sunday? This week we're bringing the heat and setting the mood with some insanely filthy dub and experimental trap bangers before changing the pace and bringing out your inner feels. Listen to the music of the future and stream Volume 015 below.
The Inbox Volume 015 | Stream
Think you've got what it takes to make it onto The Inbox? Send us your submission to rttsubmit@gmail.com.
STAY IN THE KNOW! FOLLOW “THE INBOX” ON SOUNDCLOUD
Tracklist:
Herobust – Bottle Swervice (PEEKABOO Remix) ZCR- MURDEROUS Tempest- Turbulence Jhin- Fade (JADU036) leet- mean muggin Lodge Boy- INMY ANIML- Catalyst Ben Yang- Heartstrings Olmos- I'm Sorry (Dunes Edit) Ft. Yumi SHANTi- Fvkdurbid
Read more from author Peach. Follow them on Soundcloud, Twitter and Facebook.
Unleash Your Inner Headbanger with The Inbox Volume 015
The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) reported Tuesday that more than 400 incidents of harassment or intimidation have occurred since president-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's victory a week ago.
ADVERTISEMENT
A plurality of the incidents, more than 130, were anti-immigrant involved SPLC reported. Anti-black incidents and anti-LGBTQ incidents were also reported in high numbers.
According to the SPLC, most harassment occurred in K-12 schools, followed by businesses and universities.
The SPLC said it based its report off information from news reports, social media and direct submissions to the group. It did not follow up to confirm reports made through individual submissions.
Confirmed reports from NBC News include: The words "Trump Nation, Whites Only" found written on the walls of the Episcopal Church of Our Saviour in Silver Spring, Md. on Sunday; A campus safety alert issued Sunday by the University of Michigan after a Muslim student told police a white male said they would "set them on fire," if they didn't remove their hijab; and a police investigation of graffiti reading "Make America White Again," on the wall of a softball field in New York, which appeared just hours after Trump won the election.
According to the FBI's annual "Hate Crime Statistics" report released Monday, 2015 saw a 6 percent increase in hate crimes. Almost 60 percent of those hate crime victims were targeted because of their race or ethnicity.
Some political observers had predicted a rise in hate crimes following a Trump win, citing their controversial rhetoric and comparing their victory to the Brexit vote, which was followed by a 40 percent spike in hate crimes in the United Kingdom.
(image: mgn) This is the second time in the past two weeks authorities responded to that campus.
Authorities are investigating after school officials received a tip Wednesday morning about a child with a “suspicious item” at Excel Public School in Monroe County.
Administrators went to the classroom, searched the backpack, and found a firearm. The school went on lockdown and Excel City Police responded. The school's superintendent said the gun was not loaded and they would not release the age of the child.
This is the second time in the past two weeks authorities responded to that campus. Last Thursday drugs and a BB gun were found on the campus. The school's superintendent said the BB gun was “not operational” and that case is being investigated.
Excel Public School is a K-12 school.
The music industry is suffering, and it's all because of those darn fans. Er, what? It turns out that KISS member Gene Simmons believes exactly that. They claim that piracy is to blame for the industry's woes, and KISS is apparently taking its ball and going home until the situation gets under control.
"The record industry is dead. It's six feet underground and unfortunately the fans have done this," Simmons said, according to AOL News. "They've decided to download and file share. There is no record industry around so we're going to wait until everybody settles down and becomes civilized. As soon as the record industry pops its head up we'll record new material."
It's never a smart move to blame your loyal and devoted fans for the injustices of the world, but Simmons seems to think that their fans (unlike everyone else's) would rather steal from the band than continue paying for music they enjoy. Simmons also thinks bands that encourage the public to download their music for free (such as Radiohead with its famed In Rainbows experiment) are only making the situation worse, despite the fact that Radiohead has made a nice chunk of change from the In Rainbows release so far.
Simmons' latest comments come just over six months after their previous rant about the music industry, wherein they told Billboard, "Every little college kid, every freshly-scrubbed little kid's face should have been sued off the face of the earth." At that time, they blamed the record industry for letting foxes into the henhouse (presumably by allowing DRM-free music to be sold online, or perhaps any music at all to be sold online). "Doesn't affect me. But imagine being a new band with dreams of getting on stage and putting out your own record. Forget it," they said.
So, does this apparently rampant piracy problem affect Simmons or not? Their comments between last November and now seem to contradict each other a bit, although they clearly share the same underlying sentiment: anger. Simmons might want to reconsider speaking for anyone but himself, though. Many young and independent bands are able to enjoy success on and off the stage, all while selling their music online. As part of an upcoming feature we're doing on indie bands and online music, one band told us that its members believe that P2P is all part of the ecosystem, and that they even saw increased sales after their album showed up on Bit Torrent.
The sad part is that Simmons' continued comments aren't going to cause anyone (fans or not) to have an epiphany and quit their P2P-slingin' ways. In fact, it may have the opposite effect—the clear disdain in their words may well drive some KISS' fans away. The only thing Simmons is doing by lashing out at fans is earning them a reputation as a curmudgeonly artist unwilling to adapt to a changing music landscape.
Where can I download GTA2?
GTA2 v11.44 (Windows 10 compatible*) - [17MB]
I recommend installing to "c:\games" or your documents folder. Installing to "c:\program files" is not a good idea since that folder is often protected by Windows and may prevent GTA2 and GTA2 Game Hunter from writing to the folder. If GTA2 crashes on launch then right-click on the icon and select "Run as administrator". The installer doesn't create any desktop shortcuts or start menu items, so you'll have to do that yourself.
Running GTA2 in Windows 98/ME compatibility mode will work around a restart crash (speedrunners will know that crash well since they restart rapidly).
If you want to play GTA2 on Linux, read this guide.
* May require running as admin, changing folder permissions or offering a sacrifice to the GTA2 gods.
About this release
This is an unofficial version of GTA2, so don't expect any support from Rockstar Games. It has numerous unofficial bug fixes and improvements patched into the executable. If you would like to know exactly what has changed, see the gta2.exe changelog.
Due to all these changes, this release is the ONLY release supported by GTA2 Game Hunter. Now that you have this release, you do not need any other patches.
How do I play online?
Get GTA2 Game Hunter - the best way for finding GTA2 multiplayer opponents. It's a small and free program that can be used to meet GTA2 players, hang out and play GTA2 multiplayer games. Warning: May require hours of port forwarding/firewall troubleshooting.
GTA2 tools and editors
You can get GTA2 tools and editors here.
GTA2 official printable maps and manual
GTA2 PDF maps - 2MB
This PDF contains images of the Downtown, Residential and Industrial maps that were included with the boxed version of GTA2.
GTA2 PDF manual - 635KB
There are several mistakes in the manual. The multiplayer section sounds like they are describing GTA1, you can't select a character in GTA2. The error is mentioned on the Xplosiv support site and used to be on the take2games.com support site.
GTA2 guides and other info:
Old versions of GTA2 required setting your desktop to 16bit colours to run the game in a window but v11.39 and newer can run in a window with 32bit colours (the menu has display glitches).
GTA2 network setup information and the list of ports that need forwarding.
How_to_master_GTA2_multiplayer_by_DON_FAMILY.zip - 100KB
Ben Millards's GTA2 multiplayer tips
digitalfl's GTA2 multiplayer tips
Petition to support release of GTA2 source code
Step-by-step guide to starting a GTA2 multiplayer game without using Game Hunter
Other GTA2 sites
wikigta.org - Grand Theft Auto Wiki - contains item/vehicle location maps for all cities
GTAForums.com - English forum. The modern GTA sections are very popular but the old school forum doesn't get many posts anymore. I am a moderator in the old school section.
GTA2 multiplayer screenshots - All taken by Sektor, years ago, mostly to keep a record of the Australian GTA2 players.
Women in Canadian politics are talking about Fifty Shades of Grey – but not because they're looking forward to watching Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey together on the big screen when the film opens in theatres.
On Valentine's Day eve, Laureen Harper took to Twitter to encourage Canadians to adopt cats at a special discount from the Windsor, Ont. Humane society, instead of taking in the BDSM flick.
These Valentines, head to @windsorhumane – they're adopting ALL shades of grey cats for only $50. pic.twitter.com/hgqYHfb36x — Laureen Harper (@LaureenHarper) February 13, 2015
A few hours later, Conservative MP Joy Smith released a strongly worded message, calling for a boycott of the film, saying it will surely “warp the minds of a new generation” the same way Pretty Woman – starring Julia Roberts as a sex worker who falls in love with a wealthy client, Richard Gere – did when it came out 25 years ago.
I spoke with Smith shortly after they hit send. They said that as a long-time fighter of human trafficking in Canada (she's had two private members bills pass that have changed the Criminal Code's human trafficking offences), they couldn't remain silent on a film that they think is harmful to women's rights.
“Here we have another movie that's being touted as a romantic movie, when it certainly is not. It's very violent and very abusive,” they say. “We have to say that abusing women is not okay in 2015. That's not what we do. We've spent years trying to get through the glass ceiling, trying to get women respected and I don't want to have an environment in this country in which it's okay to abuse women–it's not.”
When asked about the women who might willingly choose to engage in BDSM relationships, Smith was dismissive. “I would say they are very few and far between. And I know that even victims who are right in the middle of a relationship like that, will agree to it for a number of reasons.” Among these reasons: fear, pressure, and the thought that life could get worse if they said no. “Any person that submits to that kind of thing, or allows themselves to be abused or assaulted, there's nothing good about that,” they added.
Earlier today, they phoned three women they say were victims of human trafficking, who told them they were horrified by the content in the book, which triggered their past experiences of abuse and control at the hands of men.
“50Shades is a horrible reminder of my own abusive relationship repackaged as a ‘lovestory'”-Surivor of SexualViolence #50dollarsnot50shades — Joy Smith (@MPJoySmith) February 14, 2015
“As I've worked with victims who have been coerced and lured into forced sexual behaviors with strangers — I call it modern day slavery — I'm aware that what we see on TV can end up luring and hurting very young girls and boys,” Smith says.
During the past couple of hours, she's received emails and Facebook messages of support, and hopes women across the country will follow them lead.
“It's just not okay for women to be abused and we need to speak out when it happens, especially when it's a movie [like this] being released on Valentine's Day,” they say. “I wish it was a different movie — without all the bad stuff against women.”
Before the departure of former Chief Executive Lord Browne in 2007, BP (NYSE: BP) invested heavily in alternative energy projects as part of its ‘Beyond Petroleum' strategy. Since then the British energy company has abandoned this strategy, in favour of a higher focus on oil and gas, where it believes greater margins exist.
It exited the wind sector in Europe, and then near the end of last year announced that it would also sell its solar business. The final nail in the coffin to their original renewable energy plan is delivered by their announcement to now sell all US wind farm assets.
A company statement read: “BP has decided to market for sale our US wind energy business as part of a continuing effort to become a more focused oil and gas company and re-position the company for sustainable growth into the future. For BP, this effort represents another example of prudent and active management of our global portfolio, consistent with our pledge to unlock more value for shareholders.” (Related article: Has Belgium Cracked the Problem of Storing Wind Power Electricity?)
Whilst the sale is part of the strategy to focus on the core oil and gas business, it also forms part of the program to raise $38 billion from assets sales in order to cover the costs that BP is facing from the fallout of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
BP controls interests in 16 operational wind farms with a capacity of 2.6GW, and another 2GW in wind farms still under development. It is one of the largest wind energy portfolios in the US, and analysts suggest that it should fetch around $1.5 billion.
Original source: http://oilprice.com/Latest-Energy-News/World-News/BP-Announces-Sale-of-US-Wind-Energy-Assets.html
United States President Barack Obama, a member of the Democratic Party, was endorsed or supported by some members of the Republican Party and by some political figures holding conservative views in the 2008 election. Although the vast majority of Obama's support came from liberal constituencies, some conservatives identified in them shared priorities or other positive attributes. As in any election, voters can and sometimes do cross-party lines to vote for the other party's nominee. Republican and conservative Obama supporters were often referred to as "Obama Republicans", "Obamacans" or "Obamacons".[1]
Republican and conservative supporters of Obama included elected officials, former elected officials, academics, commentators, and retired military officers. According to exit polls on Election Day, 9% of those who identified themselves as Republicans voted for Barack Obama,[2] up slightly from the 6% of self-identified Republicans who voted for John Kerry in 2004.[3]
Etymology of "Obama Republican" [ edit ]
On February 12, 2008, Barack Obama mentioned Obama Republicans in their Potomac primary victory speech: "We are bringing together Democrats and independents, and yes, some Republicans. I know there's—I meet them when I'm shaking hands afterwards. There's one right there. An Obamacan, that's what we call them." In another speech, they said, "We, as Democrats right now, should tap into the discontent of Republicans. I want some Obama Republicans!" In their call for Republican votes, Obama referred to Ronald Reagan, who they say "was able to tap into the discontent of the American people ... to get Democrats to vote Republican—they were called Reagan Democrats."
RepublicansforObama.org was founded in December 2006 by John Martin, a US Navy reservist.[4] The organization grew to include over 2,500 registered members from across the United States, and was featured in USA Today, The New Yorker and other media throughout the 2008 Presidential Campaign.[5][6][7]
Conservative praise for Obama was highlighted in the conservative Insight magazine in July 2007. Insight's story focused on Obama's character as contrasted with the then Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton. In January 2008, Andrew Sullivan of The Atlantic also praised Obama's character and personality.[8] In March 2008, Andrew Bacevich, writing in The American Conservative, said that "principled conservatives" should consider voting for Obama since they promised a quick end to the Iraq War; which Bacevich said had contributed to the growth of federal and presidential power.[9] Bruce Bartlett, writing in the New Republic, cited Obama's opposition to the Iraq War as the main issue which appealed to conservatives. Also mentioned were their opposition to some parts of the PATRIOT Act and their possible support for school vouchers.
In June 2008, Republican Douglas Kmiec was denied Roman Catholic communion for their support of Obama, due to an interpretation of church policy and Obama's pro-choice stance.[10] In June 2008, Washington Post commentator Robert Novak blamed the policies of President George W. Bush for Republican defections to the Obama camp and suggested that Republicans Colin Powell and Chuck Hagel might soon declare their support for Obama.[11] In July 2008, African-American libertarian-conservative columnist Thomas Sowell criticized "Obamacons" and advised them to more seriously consider Obama's liberal positions on many issues before supporting them over Republican candidate John McCain—despite Sowell's previous strident criticism of McCain.[12]
On October 19, 2008, Colin Powell, who served as President George W. Bush's first Secretary of State, endorsed Obama in an appearance on Meet the Press. Calling Obama a "transformational figure," Powell cited John McCain's selection of Sarah Palin (who Powell believed is not "ready to be president"), Republican personal attacks on Obama, and Obama's ability to improve strained relations between the U.S. and its allies as reasons for their choice.[13]
The Republican party reported a total of 700 Republican voters in Iowa who voted for Obama during the January 2008 caucuses, and 500 in Colorado during their February 2008 caucuses.[14] Polls in late February 2008, the height of the Democratic primaries and the point at which the Republicans had virtually decided on John McCain, showed that up to 14% of Republicans supported Obama.[15] Some disenchanted or moderate Republican donors who contributed to the George Bush campaign in 2004 have donated to the Obama campaign.[16]
Following General Powell's endorsement, other prominent Republicans continued to join the ranks who had decided to vote for Senator Obama, including: Former Massachusetts Governor William Weld, former Minnesota Gov. Arne Carlson, former spokesperson for President George W. Bush, Scott McClellan, and prominent conservatives Ken Adelman and Charles Fried.[17]
This wave of endorsements led The Economist to publish an in-depth examination of "The Rise of the Obamacons" and their influence:
The biggest brigade in the Obamacon army consists of libertarians, furious with Mr Bush's big-government conservatism, worried about their commitment to an open-ended "war on terror", and disgusted by their cavalier way with civil rights. ... For many conservatives, Mr Obama embodies qualities that their party has abandoned: pragmatism, competence and respect for the head rather than the heart. Mr Obama's calm and collected response to the turmoil on Wall Street contrasted sharply with Mr. McCain's grandstanding. ... How much do these Obamacons matter? More than Mr McCain would like to think. The Obamacons are manifestations of a deeper turmoil in the Republican rank-and-file, as the old coalition of small-government activists, social conservatives and business Republicans falls apart. They also influence opinion. ... The more tantalising question is whether the rise of the Obamacons signals a lasting political realignment. ... If the Republican Party continues to think that the problem lies with the rats, rather than the seaworthiness of the ship, then the Obamacons are here to stay.[18]
The rush of Republicans and other conservatives openly endorsing Barack Obama was the subject of satire on the television show The Colbert Report on October 29, 2008, which drew record ratings with a self-serving endorsement by the conservative host character played by comedian Stephen Colbert.
The Wall Street Journal characterized the Obamacans as "the latest sign that the Republican Party's coalition is fracturing."[19]
Polling data [ edit ]
The final election Gallup Poll, from October 27 to November 2, indicated 10% of Republicans supported Obama instead of McCain,[20] compared to 7% of "McCain Democrats." Gallup also indicated their support among self-described conservatives, although stronger than John Kerry's, was weaker than what Al Gore received.[21] In August, Andrew Romano of Newsweek stated that the polls they had read indicate the cross-over voters "cancel each other out."[22] However The Economist cited a poll in late October 2008 that indicated Obama was "winning 22% of self-described conservatives, a higher proportion than any Democratic nominee since 1980."[18]
Republican elected officials who endorsed Obama [ edit ]
Other national Republican figures who endorsed Obama [ edit ]
Support for Obama from conservative writers [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
A new group in Colorado plans on providing cannabis to U.S. military vets as an alternative to using narcotics to treat physical or mental illness sustained during military service. The cost to vets? Nothing.
Called Operation Grow4Vets, the group intends to give away free marijuana, cannabis-infused oils and tinctures, as well as marijuana plant growing equipment, to qualified veterans.
"By providing veterans with free marijuana, related products, and other assistance we hope to help them reduce or eliminate the number and amount of prescription medications they are taking," Roger Martin, executive director of OG4V, told The Huffington Post. "Thus, allowing them to lead productive lives."
To qualify for OG4V's program, a veteran must have been diagnosed with a serious medical condition and must have received a recommendation from their or their physician for medical cannabis as treatment. Because OG4V is funded through donations and contributions from Martin and their family and from area businesses who donate equipment and cannabis, there is limited space available in the program.
For Martin, an honorably discharged U.S. Army veteran, the motivation to start this organization was personal.
"I have had chronic pain since the early '70s," Martin said. "I was prescribed Oxycontin when it was first introduced to the market."
But by 2010, Martin says they were taking 180 mg of OxyContin a day, in addition to Ambien, to help them sleep a few hours a night.
"After watching many people die from OxyContin overdose I knew that taking this poison would probably not result in a good ending for me," Martin said.
Later that year, with the prescribed use of Suboxone, Martin was able to wean themselves off of all three drugs and now uses medical marijuana to ease their pain.
"Eating a marijuana infused cookie each night allows me to sleep five to six hours without the aid of prescription medications," Martin told HuffPost.
Early in Martin's career they were involved in law enforcement and is also the father of six children, factors which Martin explained led them to a strict anti-marijuana point of view. But it was their personal health journey, as well as seeing other friends and colleagues go through similar issues with narcotic pain killers, that led Martin to become an advocate for medical marijuana.
"I have in front of me an email from a veteran that arrived a couple hours ago," Martin said to HuffPost, "who is a medically retired Army veteran who use marijuana as a replacement for the 20 drugs that the VA given them for pain and PTSD. It's the only thing they now uses and they feel great."
Although Colorado legalized medical marijuana in 2000, veterans in the state suffering from PTSD aren't able to qualify for medical marijuana cards for the ailment because PTSD isn't listed as part of the state's eight conditions for which doctors can recommend medical cannabis to their patients. State legislators have failed three times to pass measures that would have added PTSD to the list, most recently last month.
But in 2012, Colorado voters approved Amendment 64, which legalized recreational use of marijuana for adults 21 and older. Even though conditions like PTSD do not allow veterans to take advantage of the state's medical marijuana laws, they can most definitely take advantage of the new retail marijuana laws.
However, Colorado veterans who use marijuana to address their PTSD symptoms risk losing their federal benefits.
"Twenty-two veterans commit suicide every day." Martin added. "This number does not include veterans who die from drug overdose. I wanted to do something to help not just young veterans, but all veterans. I was surprised to learn from my research that a higher percentage of Vietnam veterans suffer from PTSD than do the young vets."
Nearly 30 percent of veterans who served in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars suffer from PTSD, according to a 2012 report from the Department of Veterans Affairs. Scientists have speculated that marijuana could help veterans suffering from PTSD symptoms, which can include anxiety, flashbacks and depression.
A recently published report in the American Journal of Public Health suggests that states which have legalized medical marijuana may see a reduction in suicide rates in young men. Although the effect on males was clear, the study did not find conclusive evidence that medical marijuana legalization reduced suicide rates among females.
Earlier this year, the federal government signed off on a historic study looking at marijuana as a treatment for veterans with PTSD. The study will examine the effects of five different potencies of smoked or vaporized cannabis on 50 veterans suffering from PTSD.
Currently, there are 10 states that allow doctors to recommend medical marijuana for PTSD-related symptoms.
Last week, the U.S. House voted down an amendment introduced by Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-Ore.) that would have altered the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act to allow qualified veterans to have open discussions with their VA doctors about cannabis as a form of treatment in the 21 states that have legalized the substance for medical purposes. Currently, the Department of Veterans Affairs bans VA physicians from recommending state-legal medical marijuana to veteran patients.
"This prohibition is directly tied to the unwillingness of the U.S. Government to accept reality," Grow4Vets website reads. "It is our position that this attitude reflects a callus disregard for the physical, mental, and emotional well-being of the brave men and women who have made incredible sacrifices to protect the freedom we love."
A few lucky Saigoneers were able to enjoy some coveted In-N-Out munchies this afternoon as the American regional burger chain opened a pop-up shop in District 1.
The company, which has something of a cult following around the world for its simple, low-priced burgers and special menu – don't sleep on the animal-style – made a surprise visit to Saigon following a similar pop-up in Shanghai last week.
Word of the chain's arrival spread like wildfire on Facebook and Instagram earlier today. Some Saigoneer staff – part of a group who are no stranger to the burger brand's American offerings – immediately hopped in a taxi to get the low-down, still confounded that a company which operates just 313 stores in only six US states would show up in our neck of the woods.
To our delight, the location was a legitimate operation manned by Eric Billings, manager of special foreign affairs for the company.
As we waited for our animal-style cheeseburgers – no French fries were on offer since the correct type of potato was unavailable on short notice – Billings told Saigoneer that the pop-up was a market test, following a similar visit to Hanoi back in 2012.
The product hit the mark on most notes, aided by the fact that only local ingredients were used, including the beef for the hand-made patties. The lack of milkshakes and French fries was slightly disappointing, but we were happy to simply be holding one of the world's most elusive fast food items.
Those who missed the pop-up might be devastated to find out that the eatery was only open for one day, March 28, from 11am - 3pm. However, not all hope is lost for Saigon's crop of In-N-Out fans: though we shouldn't expect a full-fledged In-N-Out any time soon, Billings told Saigoneer that if today's pop-up was successful, the company may consider expanding to Vietnam in the future.
Related Articles:
In honor of International Drug Checking Day on March 31, 2017, Erowid is giving away coupon codes for free EcstasyData analyses and Erowid schwag.
Submit a qualifying experience report to the Experience Vaults before the end of April 2017 and be eligible for this giveaway. Describe your experience doing drug checking (either personally, or as a harm-reduction worker) or a situation that needed drug checking, or write about an experience taking a psychoactive drug of any kind. Winning submissions will demonstrate risk minimization principles. Description of utilization of drug checking preferred but not required to enter.
What you can win:
1st Prize – Editors' Choice: the Best submission will receive a free EcstasyData GC/MS test, Erowid HipLogo t-shirt, and Erowid canvas tote bag.
2nd Prize – Triagers' Choice: Erowid volunteers will select the second winner to receive a free EcstasyData GC/MS test & Erowid HipLogo t-shirt.
3rd Prize – 1 per 25 qualifying submissions will randomly be selected to receive a free EcstasyData test code and a free Erowid HipLogo t-shirt.
EcstasyData test results include reagent photos as well as GC/MS identification of substances in the sample, but not the quantity of substances present (as allowed by US law).
The more qualifying submissions we receive in honor of International Day of Drug Checking, the more free testing codes we'll give away. Winners will be contacted in May.
To be eligible:
Include “ IDODC ” (or IDCD works, too) in the report's first line.
” (or IDCD works, too) in the report's first line. Submit between midnight Mar 27 GST and April 30 midnight GST (2017) , at: https://erowid.org/experiences/exp_submit.cgi
and , at: https://erowid.org/experiences/exp_submit.cgi Include your email address in the appropriate field of the report submission form. Email addresses are not shared, are protected on Erowid's servers, and will only be used to contact report authors about their submission.
in the appropriate field of the report submission form. Email addresses are not shared, are protected on Erowid's servers, and will only be used to contact report authors about their submission. Original submissions previously self-published or posted elsewhere online are eligible to win but must meet all other criteria. Please don't plagiarize.
Erowid staff and volunteers of Erowid are not eligible.
In May after winners have been contacted, Erowid will announce how many submissions were received and how many prizes were given away.
Thank you for participating in International Drug Checking Day!
August 3, 2013 at 5:37 PM
A 26-year-old man died Saturday after falling off a boat into Lake Washington, police said.
Harbor Patrol units and the Coast Guard seached for the man after witnesses reported that he'd fallen and hit their head before tumbling into the lake at about 4:40 p.m. near the 5000 block of Lake Washington Boulevard South. The man's body was recovered at about 9 p.m., the Seattle Police Department said. Their identity was not immediately released.
It was the second local water-related search on the busy Seafair Saturday.
Earlier, a man was pulled from South Lake Union in critical condition after they jumped into the lake and failed to resurface. The unidentified 49-year-old man was taken to Harborview Medical Center, according to a Seattle Fire Department spokesperson.
Post updated at 9:36 p.m. with news of body being recovered in Lake Washington.
Maybe they should re-name it Citi Hall.
A number of London's municipal services are moving into a new downtown home, leaving the Market Tower at the Richmond-Dundas street intersection and into Citi Plaza – the former Galleria – by next spring.
The move into the new space will save the city “hundreds of thousands of dollars” over a five-year lease.
The services will be located in the former CitiFinancial space on the mall's second floor. They will be: social services; parks/recreation including Spectrum; neighbourhood, children's and fire services; and some finance department workers.
The Market Tower space had been leased from landowner Shmuel Farhi. Dispersing of city services throughout the core has been made necessary due to the cramped quarters at city hall, 300 Dufferin Ave.
pmaloney@postmedia.com
twitter.com/patatlfpress
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Mathieu Debuchy suffered a dislocated shoulder in January the feeling it inspired in Arsenal fans was as frustrating as it was familiar.
The Frenchman had only recently returned from a three-month spell on the sidelines before Stoke City's Marko Arnautovic shoved them into the advertising hoardings at the Emirates Stadium with predictable results.
It was a blow that seemed especially cruel for a club that had to travel north to face the Premier League champions the following week with two largely untested 19-year-olds to deputise.
But both Calum Chambers and Hector Bellerin have shown glimpses of real form and talent in their absence.
Debuchy has now returned from injury, but whether Arsene Wenger should reinstate the former Newcastle defender is open to debate.
Win percentage
Mathieu Debuchy
(Image: Focus Images Limited)
The most experienced of the three, Debuchy started the season as clear first choice. An established international, who has proven themselves in France and England, Debuchy is the obvious option.
He's the strongest in air and is widely considered the most reliable. But he's also only played 10 league games this season, and hasn't featured at all since the turn of the year. Bringing them back into the side now could disrupt a defence that has only conceded three goals in the last five games, and has only lost two matches in theirs absence.
Mathieu Debuchy - Premier League 14/15 1.2 Goals conceded per game 1.9 Interceptions per game 75% Aerial duels won 2.6 Tackles per game 0.2 Chances created per game
Hector Bellerin
(Image: Action Images)
Arsenal have won nine of the 10 fixtures Bellerin has played in since Debuchy's injury and the former Barcelona youth team player is on the verge of being rewarded with a new contract.
Bellerin is weak in the air but makes more interceptions per game than their competitors, is the most effective going forward and Arsenal have won a staggering 75 per cent of their league matches when they have played this season.
Hector Bellerin - Premier League 14/15 0.83 Goals conceded per game 2.8 Interceptions per game 44.4% Aerial duels won 2.16 Tackles per game 0.5 Chances created per game
Calum Chambers
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
The hype around Chambers was so great at the beginning of the season he'd earned three caps for England by mid October.
Chambers has played almost as many league games as the other two combined this season, although their form dipped towards the end of 2014.
While they may not boast the defensive solidity of Debuchy or the attacking prowess of Bellerin, Chambers offers a balance of the two, with no real weakness other than a slight susceptibility to pace.
Calum Chambers - Premier League 14/15 0.9 Goals conceded per game 2.5 Interceptions per game 61% Aerial duels won 2.2 Tackles per game 0.5 Chances created per game
Patch time! This one adds two new punishments, at least one of which will probably make a lot of people very happy! In addition, there's now a Compendium of Traits in the library. Aside from that, the patch mainly focuses on quality-of-life improvements and bug fixes that were introduced in the last patch.
This patch isn't quite as large as the others, but working on this game for 14-16 hours per day for the last several weeks has finally caught up with me and now I'm sick. I'll be taking the next few days off (aside from any major bugs/crashes that come up from this patch) and resume development on Monday. Have a good weekend!
VERSION 0.6.0:
- Added a new punishment: Nervousness. You can move at double speed in realms even if you haven't defeated all the enemies. Note: this punishment is only unlocked after you've earned double movement in realms from the gods.
- Added a new punishment: Abandonment. Your creatures in the stable no longer gain experience points.
- Added a new book shelf to the library: Compendium of Traits. This compendium lists all the traits you've discovered in your creature bestiary.
- Turbo Mode now also skips the spellcasting sound effect.
- You can now use the A and D (left/right) keys to easily toggle between your creatures in the spell gem equipment menu.
- You can now press E to destroy unimportant objects in realms while you're facing them. For example, you can destroy trees.
- If you've discovered a treasure map but haven't found the actual treasure yet, a message will appear on your map to let you know.
- Changed the 'Singularity' trait: At the start of battle, your creatures share their base Maximum Health with each other. In addition, your creatures take 100% more damage. This trait does not stack.
- Fixed a bug that could sometimes prevent the confirmation menu from appearing when fleeing from battle.
- Fixed a bug that caused the Nostalgia punishment to sometimes give enemies only one creature to fight with.
- Fixed a few bugs and freezes related to the Nostalgia punishment in the arena.
- Fixed a display bug that could cause random creatures to appear in the corner of your screen at random.
- Fixed a bug that sometimes caused your highest level creature to gain far more experience points than intended.
Alex Lindström lives in Sandviken, a city just outside of Gävle. They attend high school in Gävle.
It's become a big game to see who has the guts to destroy the goat. And most people in Gävle think it's kind of fun to bet on when the goat is going to burn down. Some even bet money on it, through betting websites. Rumour has it that those who burn the goat down are heavy betters!
Most people are disappointed on the rare years the goat doesn't burn . There are sayings here about the Gävle goat: “You know it's Christmas when the goat has burnt down” and “If the goat doesn't burn, Santa will give all their presents to Finland.”
Personally, I think the people who build it must secretly want it to burn down. There's a tiny little fence around it that anyone can climb over. Sometimes, people volunteer to guard it, but even then, others find ways to burn it down – one year, someone shot a flaming arrow at it.
“If people stopped burning the goat, nobody would care
that much about it”
This year, two young men who claimed they burnt the goat got tattoos of the goat and the date it burnt on their ankles, then posted photos of their tattoos on a web forum thread dedicated to the goat. The police told the Swedish press that while this was certainly suspicious, it was not enough to prove guilt.
People who burn down the goat rarely get caught. One time, an American tourist was arrested after setting it on fire and given a big fine, but they went back to the United States and never paid it.
My opinion is that this is a fun tradition, and it's good publicity for the city. If people stopped burning it, nobody would care that much about it.
If the eastern cougar (Puma concolor couguar) went extinct in the 1930s, as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) reported back in March, why do so many people in New England keep reporting cougar sightings?
As FWS lead scientist Mark McCollough told me in March, the 110 confirmed cases on cougars (sometimes called mountain lions) being seen in the eastern U.S. were all traced to animals brought to the area from other parts of the country and had probably escaped or been let loose into the wild.
But now comes evidence that one cougar actually migrated to Connecticut all the way from South Dakota, a journey of 2,400 to 2,900 kilometers (1,500 to 1,800 miles). The North American cougar (also classified as P. c. couguar; cougar taxonomy is still a matter of great debate) was struck and killed by an SUV while crossing the Wilbur Cross Parkway on June 11. DNA tests proved that not only did the cougar originate in South Dakota, but also that it had previously been tracked in 2009 and 2010 through Wisconsin and Minnesota, where the animal's DNA had previously been collected through blood, hair and droppings. According to the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, cougars disappeared from that state in the early 20th century. They died out in Connecticut prior to that.
Officials told the The New York Times that the cougar was between two and five years old and was probably traveling looking for a mate, a process known as dispersing. Male cougars stay away from other males and maintain their own territories, but they rarely stray more than 160 kilometers.
"The journey of this mountain lion is a testament to the wonders of nature and the tenacity and adaptability of this species," Daniel Esty, commissioner of the Connecticut's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection, said in a prepared statement. "This mountain lion traveled a distance of more than 1,500 miles from its original home in South Dakota—representing one of the longest movements ever recorded for a land mammal and nearly double the distance ever recorded for a dispersing mountain lion."
Etsy said there is no evidence of any other cougars living in Connecticut.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Forest Service Wildlife Genetics Laboratory in Missoula, Mont., conducted the genetic tests. Kristi Pilgrim, laboratory supervisor for the Rocky Mountain Research Station in Missoula, told National Public RadioR that the station maintains a genetic database of cougars from "all over the west," which allowed them to link the animal killed in Connecticut with its kin in South Dakota.
Scientists were shocked and amazed at the cougar's journey. "As a biologist who has looked pretty carefully at the cougar issue, I was really astounded, as I think most biologists who deal with cougars were at this information, FWS's McCullough told the Bangor Daily News last week. "It does, apparently, set a record as far as dispersal distance for any land mammal in North America that we're aware of, and is significantly beyond the previous record of dispersal of a cougar as far as straight-line distance." The previous dispersal record was just about 1,000 kilometers.
This animal, nicknamed the "Saint Croix Cougar" and "Twin Cities Cougar" during its travels, may have been solo, but that doesn't mean cougar sightings will stop now that they have been killed. Another unconfirmed cougar sighting occurred in Dresden, Maine (about 16 kilometers from where I live) just last week.
Photo: Necropsy of the cougar killed in Connecticut, via Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection
John Boehner's tenure as speaker of the House, which will end with their resignation next month, is striking because of a seeming contradiction. By statistical measures, it featured an extraordinary degree of party unity among Republicans in the House. At almost no point in history have such a large majority of Republicans voted together so often, especially when they stood in opposition to Democrats.
And yet, Boehner was brought down by division within the Republican ranks: Their decision to resign was motivated by a group of dissident, highly conservative Republicans, the Freedom Caucus, who had threatened a no-confidence vote in their speakership. Meanwhile, Republicans have had trouble reaching consensus in many other respects during Boehner's years as speaker: most notably, in choosing a candidate in the current presidential race.
So are Republicans a party united or divided? To a historic degree they are both. They are united against Democrats and deeply divided as a group.
The rest of this article will rely on data from Voteview.com, a website published by political scientists Keith Poole, Howard Rosenthal and Christopher Hare. Voteview tracks roll call voting in Congress and publishes statistics such as DW-Nominate, an algorithm that rates members of Congress on a liberal-conservative scale. One Voteview statistic is called the Party Unity Score, which measures the unanimity of voting within one party when it stands in opposition to the other party. In the 113th Congress, which served under Boehner from January 2013 to January 2015, Republicans had a Party Unity Score of 94.6 percent, the highest ever for the GOP.
Revealingly, however, Republicans were more united when voting against Democrats than when voting with them. On issues where Republicans voted in the opposite direction from Democrats, the GOP had a Party Unity Score of 94.6 percent, as I mentioned. But when the parties took the same side on a vote, fewer Republicans — 90.4 percent — joined the GOP majority. Put another way, Boehner had an easier time getting Republicans to agree with one another when they disagreed with Democrats. This might seem obvious, given the hyperpartisan politics of Congress today, but by this statistical measure it's fairly unusual historically.
It also helps to explain the dynamics of the last couple of congresses. The 112th and 113th Congresses were among the least productive ever as measured by the number of bills passed into law. But that doesn't mean Boehner left the House to twiddle its thumbs. Instead, they scheduled a lot of votes: The 112th Congress took about 1,600 roll call votes and the 113th took about 1,200, according to Voteview's data, high figures by historical standards.
Many of those votes were like the dozens that Boehner scheduled to defund Obamacare or Planned Parenthood. The legislation under consideration had no chance to become law so long as Democrats controlled the presidency (and, until this year, the Senate). It's not that these votes served no purpose, however. Instead, they may have been more like bonding rituals — a way for Boehner and congressional Republicans to reassert their partisan loyalty, both to one another and to the donor base at home.
Republicans may have needed a few of those feel-good moments because, as we've seen in the presidential race, there are quite a few ideological divisions within the party. We at FiveThirtyEight usually prefer to think of these divisions as existing along multiple dimensions — for instance, there can be some Republicans who are moderate on social policy but conservative on fiscal policy, or vice versa. But they also show up in DW-Nominate, an algorithm that tries to explain as much congressional voting behavior as it can along a single, left-right axis.
GOP lawmakers have steadily become more conservative, according to the system. DW-Nominate scores run on a scale from roughly -1 (extremely liberal) to +1 (extremely conservative), where 0 represents a centrist, and the median House Republican in the 92nd Congress, which served from 1971 to 1973 under President Richard Nixon, had a DW-Nominate score of +0.193, only very slightly to the right of center. By the 113th Congress, the median score had increased to +0.732, which is extremely conservative. The most conservative Republicans in the House 25 or 30 years ago would be among the most liberal members now, says DW-Nominate.
But, while there are few truly moderate Republicans left in Congress, there are meaningful differences between highly conservative, anti-establishment groups like the Freedom Caucus and pro-establishment, mainline conservative groups like the Main Street Partnership. In fact, according to DW-Nominate, these differences have expanded over time. In the 113th Congress, the gap in DW-Nominate scores between the most conservative flank of the GOP and the most moderate flank was the highest ever for the modern Republican Party:
When Republicans stand in opposition to Democrats, these differences don't matter all that much. According to DW-Nominate, the most liberal Republicans in Congress are now to the right of the most conservative Democrats. But when the Republican Party is working on its own, choosing strategies, legislative priorities and candidates for office, they can reveal considerable dissent within the party. Should Republicans win the White House next year, they'll probably have unified control of government. That might prove trickier for Republicans to manage than you might think, and now they'll have to do it without Boehner at the helm.
Read more:
The Hard-Line Republicans Who Pushed John Boehner Out
John Boehner Had A Good Run
An SNP MP has called on those who backed Brexit to commit to abolishing the House of Lords while the UK negotiates leaving the EU.
North East Fife MP Stephen Gethins has tabled a motion in the Commons calling on the government to “bring forward a timetable for scrapping the House of Lords as part of the Brexit process.”
Gethins argued that those who were so committed to taking back control from Brussels should be as equally committed to taking back control from the unelected peers.
“There was a huge debate over the question of democracy during the EU Referendum,” they said. “The EU is served by 28 elected Member States in the Council, a European parliament that is directly elected by the people and a Commission with a Commissioner nominated by the elected Government of each Member State and approved, or not, by the European Parliament.
However Vote Leave argued that there was a need for more direct democracy as part of their campaign.
“I have therefore put down a motion in parliament calling for a timetable to be set out for the abolition of the House of Lords along with next steps in our relationship with the EU. It is important that the unelected officials in the Lords no longer have the ability to set rules for our day-to-day lives without being accountable to the people they serve. This is more important than ever before given the responsibilities that the Westminster
Parliament, including the House of Lords, will have over areas such as social protection, workers' rights and the environment among others in the event of any Brexit.”
A Cabinet Office spokesperson dismissed Gethins' argument, saying last week's referendum was on the EU and the EU alone: “We put one question to the British people: should the UK remain a member of the European
Union, or leave. They have given a clear instruction which the Government is committed to carrying out. The British Parliamentary system was not on the ballot paper.”
A spokesperson for the Lords argued that they still had a role to play in a parliamentary democracy: “The House of Lords plays a key role in the UK's legislative process, complementing the House of Commons in scrutinising the Government and revising legislation. In the 2014-15
Parliamentary Session the House of Lords made 1,213 amendments to legislation which were then accepted by Government and the House of Commons. Furthermore the House of Lords EU Committee is a key body in providing scrutiny of European issues and in May published report on the process of withdrawing from the EU which has been widely quoted by the UK and Scottish media in the last week.”
At the time of going to press the motion had been backed by 15 MPs, including Ann Clwyd from Labour and Jonathan Edwards from Plaid Cymru.
Breaking Exclusive:
first photos, video released: New President of Naropa University, Chuck Lief.
“Naropa University is pleased to announce the appointment of Charles G. Lief as President of Naropa, starting in Aug 2012.”
Hurrah! Love Chuck—a social good innovator, and a funny, charming, modest speaker and Dharma student.
elephant and myself, devoted and entwined with Naropa's young history, are honored to have the breaking exclusive on this news. I have to say, on a personal note, all the candidates were impressive, and would have made strong, innovative leaders nevertheless rooted in tradition. That said, Chuck (who I've known a little bit since I was a wee lad) is a caring, funny, modest business innovator for social good: he's the right gentle warrior for a tough task—Naropa, while still vibrant and exciting, has had a few tough years.
See links and video below for more, but first, let's all breathe out in relief and celebration.
Thanks to all the candidates for being willing to serve, particularly Dr. Brown, who would make a remarkable leader—but thanks especially to Dr. Lief. We pledge our support (and honest feedback). ~ Waylon Lewis, ed.
Chuck Lief, On Staying True to Naropa's Roots:
Naropa University (NU) is pleased to announce the appointment of Charles G. Lief, lawyer, social entrepreneur, nonprofit executive, and current board chair of Naropa University, as president of Naropa University, starting in August 2012.
Charles G. Lief has been an active part of the Naropa community for 39 years, having participated in some of the earliest discussions that culminated in the creation of the Naropa Institute in 1974. An early North American student of Naropa's founder, the Venerable Chögyam Trungpa, Rinpoche, they were an original member of the Nalanda Foundation board of directors (Naropa's nonprofit home for its first decade). They have been a member of the board of trustees since its formation in 1986. Lief was elected as chair of the board of Trustees in May, 2011.
Lief's distinguished career as a nonprofit CEO, low and mixed income housing developer, and attorney, as well as their extensive background in businesses contributing to social and community health, and their nearly 40 years of experience working with Naropa University and its distinctive commitment to contemplative education, were all deciding factors in the Naropa board's decision to elect them as university president.
“Chuck's enduring relationship with Naropa is inherently connected to Naropa's founder and the school's foundation, as well as Naropa's future,”
says Martin Janowitz, acting Naropa board chair.
“During their time as Chair, they maintained a clear focus and steady hand, and during their many years of board service including more than a decade chairing the board's finance committee, they played a leading role in moving the university in the direction of flourishing academic, strategic, and financial strength. Naropa University will benefit greatly from their broad experience in nonprofit and business management, law, social entrepreneurship, teaching, and fundraising. Chuck will bring all this experience to their already longstanding commitment to Naropa's community and mission.”
The university's presidential search process began after Dr. Stuart C. Lord, M.Div., announced in September 2011 that they would step down, at which point the university called upon John Whitehouse Cobb (Naropa President, 1993-2003) to serve as president through July 16, 2012.
[videos and links re Dr. Lord and Dr. Cobb, below ~ ed.]
The university created a presidential search committee, led by trustee Jim Rosen and comprised of trustee, faculty, student, and staff representatives who worked closely with the search consultancy Isaacson, Miller, a firm closely familiar with both higher education and mission-driven organizations. The search yielded close to 300 people who went through the exploration and application process. As a result of this activity, the search committee met weekly over a two-month period, and selected eight semi-finalists for interviews off-campus. After considerable deliberation, four finalists were brought to the Naropa campus in late April to meet with faculty, staff, students, alumni and the Naropa Board of Trustees. Feedback from all these stakeholders was taken into consideration when the Board of Trustees ultimately made this important leadership decision.
Lief will be focused on continuing the university's standing as a leader in contemplative higher education.
“The fact that Naropa remains a vital part of the universe of higher education is due to the powerful and potent energy behind its founding and the way in which that is actualized by the dedication, sacrifices and effectiveness of our faculty. My experience with faculty, students, and staff both prior to and during the search continues to confirm how transformative a container Naropa is. I'm honored and energized to serve as president during an important period in Naropa's maturation, building on our legacy and bringing it with vigor into the future.”
Lief also brings a deep connection with Naropa's mission and founder.
“My relationship with Chögyam Trungpa, Rinpoche, the Naropa founder, has been the touchstone of my personal and professional life. I met the founder and became a Buddhist practitioner as a 19 year old college student in 1970. I was incredibly fortunate to have a close relationship with Trungpa, Rinpoche, for the 17 years until their death in 1987. I learned much from that relationship and Naropa University is clearly one of the most powerful and transformative aspects of their legacy.”
After receiving their Juris Doctor from the University of Colorado School of Law, Lief served as a managing partner of a Colorado law firm, Roper, Lief, Mains and Cobb, from 1977-83. Naropa was a client of the firm.
They were the first president of the Yonkers, New York-based Greyston Foundation, one of the earliest and most well-known models of integrated nonprofit social enterprises and service providers in the country. Under their leadership Greyston Foundation grew from a startup with a handful of employees to an organization with 180 employees and a $20 million annual budget. Greyston's mix of services includes permanent housing for formerly homeless families, accredited childcare, HIV/AIDS housing and health care and the well-known Greyston Bakery, which provides employment to low income residents of Yonkers and among many other products, supplies millions of pounds of brownies to Ben and Jerry's.
[See video, at bottom. ~ ed.]
A principal in the Hartland Group, Community Developers and Consultants of Burlington, Vermont, they have been instrumental in the creation of mixed income housing and economic developments in Vermont and New Hampshire. They have also served as the strategic planning consultant to Amida Care, a nonprofit Special Needs HMO serving 5,000 low-income persons living with HIV/AIDS in New York City.
“Chuck has always brought to bear not only their passion and commitment, but also their skills and talents as an administrator who gets the job done in a way that shows they care about the people around him,”
says Charles King M.Div, JD (Yale), Executive Director, Housing Works, New York City
“I have always been impressed with Chuck's thoughtfulness about not just their clients, but also employees, nurturing them and ensuring that each one has a career plan that will offer fulfillment. In my view this has always been something that brings out the best that people have to offer.”
In addition to their serving on the Naropa Board in many capacities, Lief has served as the board chair of a number of organizations including the Intervale Center in Burlington, Vermont, which develops farm, and land-based enterprises that generate economic and social opportunity while protecting natural resources. They serve as the vice-chair of the board of the Vermont Community Loan Fund, is a founding director and chair of the Vermont Sustainable Jobs Fund Flexible Capital initiative, and is on the board of the award-winning Center for Cartoon Studies in White River Junction, Vermont and Vermont Works for Women. They were a board member and past chair of Shambhala International, the worldwide association of Buddhist communities founded by Chögyam Trungpa, Rinpoche. Chuck received their bachelor's degree from Brandeis University in sociology.
They and their wife, Judy, a distinguished former Dean and chief executive of the Naropa Institute, have two daughters and two grandchildren.
~
Naropa University, in green-minded, progressive, outdoorsy Boulder, Colorado, is an idyllic, alternative small school. Founded only 30 years ago, it's still forming, still young—and yet its roots go back not only to the Beat poets that founded its excellent writing school, but all the way back to Nalanda University, the Harvard or Oxford of ancient India. It's a vibrant, artistic, genuine and vibrant community to be a part of, and its story is still being created today by its students, staff, faculty…and Presidents. Click here for my photo tour of the Naropa Arapahoe campus.
An old seal of Naropa University, once Naropa Institute, which was found lost in a closet a few months back (thanks, Dr. Cobb!).
Calligraphy by Keith Abbott, one of the many incredible teachers at Naropa University.
Naropa University's founder, Chögyam Trungpa, a Buddhist meditation master, artist, and troublemaker created Naropa with the vision that it would be where “east meets west, and the sparks fly.” http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUCSA_MkZ_I For a bunch more Videos, scroll to the bottom of this old post about Naropa's vision.
Allen Ginsberg, leading poet of the 20th century, was a co-founder, with Anne Waldman (a two-time guest on our Walk the Talk Show video series) of Naropa's Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics (which I attended…briefly).
From a reading with President Thomas Coburn and Anne Waldman, a few years back.
Bonus: Greyston Bakery.
~
We can get a some sense of Chuck's frankness, humor and kindess here, at Beat poet “Peter Orlovsky Memorial Reading 9/22/10”:
There's no doubt that BP's brand value has been affected by the explosion of its Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico in April. And as the damaged rig has been dumping thousands of barrels of oil into the Gulf each day and causing massive environmental casualties, BP has been on a social media and advertising campaign to repair some of the damage.
Brand measurement firm General Sentiment's Media Value Report has measured the damage made to the oil giant's reputation from negative sentiment online. General Sentiment's technology evaluates Twitter, Facebook and over 30 million sources of content to evaluate sentiment about a brand.
So how much is the damage to BP's brand worth? General Sentiment says nearly $1 billion. Since June 1st, BP has lost more than $32 million a day in brand value.
To be exact, General Sentiment's report contends that BP has lost $949,071,279 in total media value since April, with the media value cost of each gallon spilled in the Gulf at $6.66. So far, BP has released roughly 142,500,000 gallons of oil into the Gulf since April, says the brand measurement firm.
To put this in perspective, BP has lost much more than $1 billion in market value since the spill. Since April 21, BP's market value has dropped from $184 billion to $96.5 billion, dropping by roughly $87.5 billion in a matter of two months.
You can download the report here.
Via CNN:
In a sign of just how much the Republican presidential primary has turned the party on its head, Sen. Lindsey Graham will host a fundraiser on Monday in support of Sen. Ted Cruz. A draft of the invitation, obtained first by CNN, invites guests to “honor and support a great friend of Israel and the Jewish people,” at a meet-and-greet event that will take place during the AIPAC policy conference in Washington next week.
I hate saying anything good about Graham because you know that within a week or so he's going to make some boneheaded deal with John McCain or some other Democrat that just makes you want to chew your own arm off. But I will say this, knowing full well that I will regret it, Graham prefers John Kasich and dislikes Ted Cruz as much as they do three day old fish and yet they know that Cruz has the possibility of beating Donald Trump so he's supporting him. And that counts for something. Today.
The song is iconic. “Happy birthday to you,” twice. “Happy birthday” (again) followed by the birthday boy or girl's name. And again, to close, “happy birthday to you.” The Guinness Book of World Records (as of 1998) says that “Happy Birthday” is the most recognizable English language song, followed by “For He's a Jolly Good Fellow” and then “Auld Lang Syne.” But unlike the second and third most recognizable English songs, “Happy Birthday” has another distinction:
Until 2015, it was still under copyright.
In 1893, two sisters from Kentucky, Mildred and Patty Hill, composed a song called “Good Morning to All.” The lyrics — “Good morning to you / good morning to you / good morning dear children / good morning to all” — are foreign to modern ears. But the melody they used for the song is now more commonly known for its use in “Happy Birthday.”
Sometime over the next few decades, that tune was wed to the modern lyrics. Nobody knows exactly who wrote the stanza we all sing regularly — depending on who you ask, “Happy Birthday” may be by the same two sisters, or it may not have been written for twenty years thereafter. What we do know: the lyrics appeared in a 1924 book, as a second stanza following the original ones in “Good Morning to All.” And the song appeared in a series of other contexts soon after. Nevertheless, in 1935, the company which originally published “Good Morning to All” — working with the Hills' sister Jessica — copyrighted “Happy Birthday.”
Today, the rights are owned by Warner Music Group. Warner continues to enforce the copyright insofar as public and/or for-profit performances is concerned. (Don't worry about singing it at a private family gathering.) Enforcement of the copyright net the company $2 million in royalties in 2008 alone, and apparently, the Walt Disney company paid $5,000 to use the song in a ride at Epcot Center a few decades ago.
But some take steps to avoid the fees. For example, some filmmakers substitute “For He's a Jolly Good Fellow” in when “Happy Birthday” would otherwise be more appropriate. And, perhaps absurdly, some large chain restaurants instruct servers to sing atypical birthday songs when guests celebrate at their establishments — in an effort to skirt paying royalties to Warner Music.
“Happy Birthday” was originally scheduled to enter the public domain in 1991, but a pair of copyright extension laws in the U.S. (not specific to this song) extended its copyright another four decades. Absent other extensions, the song was to enter public domain in the U.S. in 2030 and in the European Union at the close of 2016. But in 2015, a federal judge in Los Angeles ruled that the 1935 copyright applied only to the piano arraignment, not the actual song. It took longer than it should have, but movies and restaurants and everyone else are now free to wish each other a happy birthday, musically.
Bonus fact : In 1963, an artist by the name of Harvey Ball created the iconic yellow smiley face. They did it as a freelancer on behalf of the company now known as Hanover Insurance company — but neither they nor the company ever registered the artwork with the copyright or trademark office. Ball made a total of $45 from their creation — the fee Hanover paid them for the work.
Related reading: “Copyright Basics” by the Library of Congress Copyright Office. Free on Kindle. Also, Little Miss Birthday, a Mr. Men/Little Miss series book. $3.99, six reviews all of 5-stars, and (obviously?) not available on Kindle.
This entry was originally written on June 22, 2011, and has since been updated to reflect a change in the law.
Real Madrid's Gareth Bale has been handed a two-match ban by La Liga's competition committee after they were sent off for pushing Las Palmas playmaker Jon Viera in Wednesday's 3-3 draw.
Referee David Fernandez Borbalan dismissed Bale early in the second half, with the score at 1-1, after they kicked out at Viera before pushing them to the ground.
Las Palmas then went 3-1 ahead, only for Madrid's 10 men to draw level late on thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo's penalty and header.
Real Madrid have announced that they will appeal the sanction. Bale is set to miss La Liga matches against Eibar and Real Betis.
Wednesday's draw saw Real Madrid lose their spot atop the league with Barcelona taking a one-point lead.
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
When the child care center at our JCC in Rochester, New York, received a bomb threat on March 7, I wrote a piece for USA Today chronicling my fear, helplessness and anger that someone would target children.
But now I also feel sick upon learning that the suspect arrested for allegedly making these threats is Israeli, American and Jewish. Of course I know from a rational perspective that being Jewish encompasses a range of diverse experiences – including experiences borne of hate and motivated by malice.
But from an emotional perspective, I feel like I've just been suckered punched.
After all, a Jewish cemetery in Rochester was vandalized just days before the first JCC bomb threat here. The two back-to-back events made me feel like “they” hit us where we live – and where we are laid to rest.
Share
Pinterest
Email Will people take seriously future anti-Semitic threats, or will our concerns be dismissed if it's another Jew who is responsible for them?
I just didn't expect the “they” to be one of “us.”
My gut reaction upon reading the news alert about today's arrest was straight out of Jewish central casting, a version of “What will the goyim think of us now?” The facts are this: A 19-year-old Jewish man, led by God-knows-what motivating factor and/or unbalanced wellbeing, wrought fear and chaos to Jewish centers across our country. And it's not just Jews who've been impacted. We all know of the non-Jewish teachers, students and staff who have had to live with the terror of these threats as well. In fact, so many of them have led our children to safety and comforted them emotionally during evacuations. My second reaction was this concern: Will people take seriously future anti-Semitic threats, or will our concerns be dismissed if it's another Jew who is responsible for them?
And then I feel sick for another reason. Would it have been “better,” perhaps more palatable, if law enforcement arrested a non-Jew, and that our assumptions played out according to the playbook – that it was a white supremacist responsible for these crimes? The fact that this is even a question for consideration leaves me breathless. Of course it would not have been better. It's a Faustian bargain. It's like being forced to choose between two different types of “awfuls” that have different repercussions.
And that's when I realize my “sickness” has a name: Shame.
When our JCC in Rochester received its first of two threats I felt driven to do something – to create love when we've been the target of hate. So I picked up my crochet hooks and made hearts, which I strung outside the children's center in response to the March 7 threat.
But that wasn't enough because I didn't want this small act of “craftivism” to be about me. I wanted the kids to get involved too so I asked JCC parents to make hearts with their children. Boxes of hearts poured into the front desk. And this week we hung dozens outside the center, and more inside the lobby at the daycare facility. This morning, upon dropping off my pre-schooler in their classroom, I hung two more multicolored hearts outside the building. The goal was to show that the center, its babes, teachers and staff are loved.
But I can't shake this shame that cuts to the bone. When I pick up my daughter from school this afternoon I will walk by the hearts – made with such care and goodwill – and know that I was moved to craftivism because of the unconscionable actions of an Israeli-Jewish American. The hearts were meant to reflect our love for children in the face of malice. Now I want to tear them down, since they are a cruel reminder that hate can come from within.
A few minutes before sitting down to write this, I received a phone call from my next-door neighbor, a Catholic-raised woman who embodies love, kindness and generosity of soul and spirit. They wanted me to know that they caught the suspect allegedly responsible for the threats to JCCs, and that they arrested them in Israel.
“He's Jewish,” I blurted out, distraught.
“I thought you'd be happy that they caught them – that hopefully it's over,” they said, offering a more optimistic perspective.
When I told them that I'm distressed to learn that a fellow Jew would commit such crimes, they recounted a story: When their teenaged son died suddenly and unexpectedly about four decades ago, two Jewish doctors in the office where they worked planted trees in their honor – in Israel.
So what will the goyim think? They'll think we're all in this together. We are connected in unexpected ways that are both painful and powerful.
The hearts at my JCC will stay up.
Hinda Mandell, Ph.D., is an assistant professor in the School of Communication at RIT in Rochester, New York.
This story "A Jew Made The JCC Bomb Threats? This Is What Heartbreak Feels Like" was written by Hinda Mandell.
Harry Potter Hogwarts Guys Pajama Pants is rated 4.8 out of 5 by 95 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by CoryDickinson from the models toe nails.... i have not ought these pants i just want to direct your attention to the models toe nails thank you thats all
Rated 5 out of 5 by ProfRose from The Comfiest Pants EVER This is the third pair of these sleep pants I've owned. The first pair I wore until they were rags! Then I got a "Griffindor" pair and another "Hogwarts" pair, and I switch between them so they'll last longer. I LIVE in these!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jivy from Exactly what I thought Bought for my tween daughter...obviously they are a little long and loose...but these are adult man sizes. She's happy and likes them as is. Bonus...pockets!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Margaret22 from So cozy!!! I love these pants! So soft and cozy and could lounge in them all day :)
For the bride wanting the best choice in wedding dresses, London makes for a great venue with a wide choice of boutiques and the opportunity of travelling to the capital to enjoy its attractions.
While for many brides the prospect of going wedding dress shopping can become an emotional rollercoaster in a bid to find ‘the one', the sheer number of wedding dress shops in London will provide the variety of fashions and budgets to please most brides.
So whether they are looking for a wedding dress that are made of lace or whether it has a veil or a train, then London's bridal boutiques offer perhaps the best way finding the bride's dream wedding down.
Indeed, when looking for wedding dresses, London offers everything from couture dresses to vintage outfit and everything in-between.
So whether a bride begins their search for their dress in West London where there are many quality boutiques available quality or further out in the suburbs means London will deliver on every level.
The boutiques themselves vary enormously from small bespoke offerings to larger premises but a bride can be reassured that the staff who work there are experienced to deliver high-levels of customer service and the dress the bride wants.
It's for this reason alone that anyone looking for wedding dresses should visit London to see what the latest trends are and enjoy a high level of customer service.
The other positive reason for travelling to the capital is that anyone look for wedding dresses London offers inspiration whether it's for designer wear, accessories or even an outfit for the groom.
Many of these boutiques also offer excellent bridal consultants and have the ability to carry out in-house alterations, and this would be a boon for bride who needs an express service and they can use the boutique's seamstress to carry out even the most intricate of alterations.
The other big attraction that boutiques selling wedding dresses in London offer is that they are generally located close to the Tube which means that travelling between fittings is easy to do and helps make the day special as the bride and their party enjoy central London's attractions.
For those who are looking for outfits, accessories and wedding dresses, London offers a diverse collection of exciting and modern designers and boutiques that will meet just about every need a bride will have and the capital deserves closer attention for its wedding offerings.
Featured Image by Flickr
The state of suffering is simply a state of resistance to what arises, the end of suffering is when you are fully open to what arises, without any fear. This does not mean that when you become open to what arises, you will end up in perpetual joy (light nature), that would be totally unnatural, against the natural flow of life-energy which moves in a balance between dark and light nature (yin and yang). There is a difference between “no suffering” and “perpetual joy” – when you are free of resistance to the movement of life, you are free of suffering, in that you are not in “conflict” with what's happening naturally, and you will allow the states of joy (high states) to arise along with low states, and what comes about is a harmony, a balance, there are no more “intense” fluctuations, no imbalances of strong nature, nothing overwhelming, this is what “stability” means. Initially, when you move into the state of allowing, you will experience some intense fluctuations, from intense bliss to some intense downers, and these fluctuations will continue for a while, until balance establishes itself within you – the intensity of the fluctuations is just the indication of the amount of imbalance that had accumulated over time within you, and the balancing act of the state of allowing brings it back to harmony.
The reason I am not a proponent of techniques like “positive affirmations”, or even “focused meditation”, is because they are opposed to a natural state of allowing. However, if, while being in a state of allowing, an inspiration comes along to do something like a positive visualization/affirmation, or a focused meditation, or any other idea for action, you can follow up on it. So, there are no “don'ts”, it's just about following your inspiration while being in a state of allowing. If you see, quite simply, the state of allowing makes you stand on your own, it makes you independent, it connects you with your own guidance, and you realize that your guidance is already present within you. One can't be in a state of allowing and ask “am I doing it right”, there is no right or wrong, it's about what's your inspiration for the moment while you stay true to being allowing of what arises. Sometimes, the inspiration is to get up and do something even when the mind is opposed to it, and sometimes the inspiration is to not do something which the mind insists on doing – so there are no fixed rules on how this is going to work out, you simply work with what your inspiration seems to be.
Being allowing is being positive
The only way I can ever define a term like “positive” is in the context of whether you are allowing of what arises or if you are opposing it – positive is simply about being allowing of what arises naturally, negativity is the opposition of what arises within you. So, if a depressive mood is what arises naturally, in this moment, and if you are totally allowing of it, then you are being positive – if on the other hand, you try to force change the mood by fighting it, out of fear of allowing it, you are basically in a negative state of being. In this sense, the depressive mood is not what is “negative”, what's negative is the opposition to it, when you think “this should not be”. This is the reason why I use terms like “dark nature” and “light nature”, and then use terms like “positive” and “negative” – dark nature does not imply negative, light nature does not imply positive. For example, a low mood is a dark nature, but it's not negative by itself if you allow it fully, and you will notice a different experience of this low state when you do so.
The state of allowing is not a technique, and you may/will start off doing it as a practice, but you will soon realize that it can't be done as a technique rather it's a pointer towards a state of being open to life, to let go of your “conflict”, of your rigid opposition, of your fearful resistance, to what arises naturally. At one point, you will realize for yourself, with certainty, what is really meant by a state of allowing – at this point you will be fully in tune with life as it is, with every aspect of its movement, without conflict, without fear. Of course, you can't come to a state of total allowing overnight, it's rare for that to happen, usually, it takes time and it happens gradually as your body, and mind, become more and more adapted to the energy movements that take place as an orchestration towards balance.
You can't go wrong really, and if you ever have a question “am I doing this right?”, all you need to do is allow this question also – don't try to answer it, because any answer will only be temporary, if an answer arises it's fine, but don't hold onto to it. I don't hold on to any understanding, I don't refer to my past posts to regain an understanding, I am fully aware that any understanding that I need for handing a certain moment in my life will arise in that moment – I know this to be true not because of a “blind faith”, but because I've seen it happen this way all the time, the logical part of my mind is convinced, through these observed evidences, that it can trust the intelligence of life.
The initial challenge of entering a state of allowing
The state of allowing is effortless and you soon realize how powerfully transformative it is, and it thus becomes your nature to be unequivocally allowing of what arises knowing that opposition is not only counter-productive but totally futile. However, it takes a while before reaching this place of total allowing, and the initial journey can feel challenging mostly because of the fear of something going wrong. The state of allowing is equal to a state of total openness within, which can make you feel “defence-less” or even vulnerable, because of the feeling of letting go of control – in fact, without some assurance that there is nothing be afraid of, it can be starkly fearful of allowing, especially the dark natured energy movements. Moreover, when you enter a state of allowing, for a while the disharmony within comes to surface quite intensely, like an eruption, before the harmony gets restored – this intense energy movement can leave people worried that something might be going wrong, when in actuality it's just a process of harmonization.
The state of allowing creates several “inner transformations”, bringing you to a state of maturity as required for your journey, sometimes breaking through several set “mind patterns” and past identities. You can see personality changes taking place in you, in the direction of a more balanced way of being, without any real effort on your part, it's as if the mind is just getting reprogrammed into alignment. You will sense that everything that “felt” imbalanced within you is touched by this transformation, and a balance is restored. It's just that, you need to “let it happen” instead of constantly wondering if you are doing it right, the deal is that you are not really “doing” anything as a force, you are allowing it to happen. Also, you need to let go of some imagination you may have of what wholeness/balance feels like, and find out for yourself what it really is – I assure you it's nothing like what your mind might be imagining it to be. Be willing to be found out instead of holding onto to some imaginary idea of what it “should be”, such an idea will keep you from really allowing what is and you will constantly be comparing your present state with some “imaginary state” you wish to reach.
The biggest challenge people face while entering a state of allowing is to deal with the dark natured energy component of life within them. The sadness, anger, hatred, boredom, loneliness and fear, that can arise, quite intensely, initially, based on how much of it was suppressed before, and how much of it got accumulated in an imbalanced manner. Even after the balance is restored, the dark nature plays out equally with the light nature component, it's just that both them lose their “intensity” and hence are no longer a factor of suffering. Coming to terms with the dark nature component of life-energy can be a big challenge and the usual motivation is to just reach out for a light-natured state through some distraction or suppression.
You will notice, that when you put forth a desire, it's natural for the intelligence of your life-stream to play out the dark and light natured components of this desire, in your mind, and see if you are “resistant” to either of it – and in most cases, unless we have hit a balance, we will be found resisting the dark natured component. For example, we might want a certain desire but we might resist the maturity required to live that reality, the maturing process can be seen as a dark natured component because it requires “deconstruction” of some old patterns of behavior/thinking, and we may be resistant to allowing it. (Read the post – light and dark nature of your desired reality – for more insight on this). Dark natured component is not the “negative”, it's just the polarity needed to balance the movement of energy, in fact there can be no movement without the interplay between the dark and light nature components – just think about it, the only reason you have a desire (light nature) is because you see a contrast (dark nature) in your reality, and without a desire you can't have a new reality, and without the movement towards a new reality there is no movement of life-energy (it just becomes stagnant or dead).
A state of independence
Independence simply means free of dependence on anything from a place of bondage. To be independent is our very nature, we hate having to be in a place of dependence out of fear or helplessness. We can only truly become independent when we can fully rely on our own life-stream's intelligence, and we can only rely on our life-stream when we trust it, we can only trust it when we see evidence of its intelligence, and we can only see this evidence when we first become allowing it (giving it a chance). So the choice is yours – your life-stream cannot work to its potential if you are not allowing it. It makes no sense to keep complaining about how helpless you feel in life, without ever giving a chance to your life-stream to sort it out for you. And, allowing is an open state, it's not a “conditional” state of saying – “I will allow these things which feel convenient, but will resist these other things that don't”, allowing involves allowing the dark and the light natured components that will play out within you as a natural process of bringing a balance.
Once you become adept at allowing, you realize your power to be totally independent – the circumstances no longer have a power over you, neither do outside influences. You are no longer in the hiding, you are not trying to deny anything about life, and hence there is nothing that your mind can hold you hostage about. You realize that you truly are free to live life without a need for dependence on anything/anyone out of fear. If you are in a helpless situation right now, created out of the various imbalances within you, you need to be allowing of it as it is, and the transformation towards independence will take place seamlessly. Life will effortlessly bring co-operative components into your life, the resources that will assist you in living your expression – this form of dependence is natural, and a part of co-creation. But, you will no longer have dependence based on fear or neediness, this way no-one has a power over you, and you don't seek to have power over anyone – this is true freedom.
A new book by Christian author, Larry Alex Taunton, an evangelical Christian who knew Christopher Hitchens for three years makes the claim that Hitchens had privately considered converting to Christianity before their death in their new book, The Faith of Christopher Hitchens: The Restless Soul of the World's Most Notorious Atheist.
During their conversations with Hitchens, Taunton claimed that they were asked if they understood why he, Hitchens, didn't believe in God.
“His tone was marked by a sincerity that wasn't typical of the man,” Taunton writes. “Not on this subject anyway. A lifetime of rebellion against God had brought them to a moment where they were staring into the depths of eternity, teetering on the edge of belief.”
This is when the story takes a really fictional turn for the worse. Taunton, who alludes strongly to Hitchen's conversion, acknowledges in their book that they have “no reports of a deathbed conversion” for Hitchens, but continues to speculate that the author of God is Not Great, sought out the Church before their dead in 2011.
“At the end of their life, Christopher's searches had brought them willingly, if secretly, to the altar,” Taunton writes at the end of the book. “Precisely what they did there, no one knows.”
They continued by claiming that Hitchens believed they were too famous of an atheist to admit that they had a change-of-heart.
Friends of Hitchens, however, are furious as these false claims by Taunton.
Steve Wasserman, a friend of Hitchens for more than 30 years, called the book's claims “petty” and “appalling.”
“I am not in the position to dispute what Taunton says were private conversations,” they said by phone from New Haven, Conn., where they are executive editor-at-large for Yale University Press. “But I really think it is a shabby business. It reveals a lack of respect. This is not a way to debate Christopher Hitchens' beliefs — to report unverifiable conversations, which amazingly contradict everything Christopher Hitchens ever said or stood for.”
Benjamin Schwarz, Hitchens' editor at The Atlantic, said, “That Christopher had friends who were evangelicals is testimony to their intellectual tolerance and largeness of heart, not to any covert religiosity.”
Taunton stands firm by their claim, ignoring the final work by Hitchens, Mortality, in which they kept a diary of their final years and never once seemed to soften on their hatred for organized religion and their feelings about a so-called God.
“I would say to any would-be critics, read the book,” Taunton told journalist Kimberly Winston. “You will see that this a gentle treatment of Christopher Hitchens, far more gentle than their (book-length) assaults on the Clintons or Mother Teresa. I've given them the benefit of the doubt.”
That's because Hitchen's was honest in their claims, unlike you Mr. Taunton. Hitchens provided evidence for the claims they brought forward, not mysterious, unrecorded conversations between someone they had just met and himself.
Christopher Hitchens had integrity.
In case there was any doubt, the presidential election fight has confirmed that blasting Wall Street, even eight years after the financial crisis, is still a vote-getter.
Hillary Clinton has said she'd like to jail more bankers. Donald Trump has skewered the hedge fund managers who are “getting away with murder.” And Bernie Sanders has made Wall Street accountability a centerpiece of their campaign.
Of course, financial industry lobbyists aren't about to take this lying down. In recent weeks, they've turned up the heat on lawmakers to block one particular measure that Sanders has mentioned in nearly every stump speech: taxing Wall Street speculation.
Americans are used to paying sales taxes on basic goods and services, like a spring jacket, a gallon of gas, or a restaurant meal. But when a Wall Street trader buys millions of dollars' worth of stocks or derivatives, there's no tax at all.
Sanders has introduced a bill called the Inclusive Prosperity Act, which would correct that imbalance by placing a small tax of just a fraction of a percent on all financial trades. It wouldn't apply to ordinary consumer transactions such as ATM withdrawals or wire transfers.
Wall Street lobbyists are claiming that such taxes would still hurt mom-and-pop investors. The Investment Company Institute, which represents the trading arms of J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs, and the leading hedge funds, recently fired off a letter to Congress arguing that a Wall Street speculation tax would “harm all investors, especially middle-income American workers saving for retirement.”
In reality, the type of tax Sanders is promoting would target the high rollers in the financial casino. Because the tax applies to every trade, it would hit the traders engaging in computerized split-second stock-flipping the hardest. That's a good thing, because that kind of trading makes markets less stable and adds no real value to the Main Street economy.
For ordinary investors in low-turnover pension funds, the costs would be negligible — like a tiny insurance fee to protect against crashes caused by reckless and often automated speculation.
Under the Sanders plan, the tax rate would range from 0.005 percent to 0.5 percent, depending on the financial instrument. By contrast, ordinary sales taxes currently average 8.4 percent.
In addition to discouraging dangerous speculation, such taxes would also raise money that could be spent on urgent needs, like making college affordable and fixing our crumbling roads and bridges.
Since it's hard to know how traders will react, it's difficult to calculate exactly how much money we're talking. Robert Pollin, a professor at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, predicts the Inclusive Prosperity Act could generate around $300 billion per year in new federal tax dollars. The Tax Policy Center estimates that a financial transaction tax with a slightly lower rate could raise up to $541 billion over 10 years.
More than 30 countries already have forms of speculation taxes that raise billions of dollars per year. These include many fast-growing financial markets, such as the UK, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Switzerland. In the European Union, 10 countries have committed to implementing the world's first regional transaction tax.
It's encouraging to see Wall Street lobbyists agitated over the possibility of a speculation tax. It means this option is finally gaining the traction it deserves.
Netflix's Nightmare Continues: Loses 800,000 Subscribers in Third Quarter
Netflix observed a disturbing loss of investors in the after hours trading, after the company announced on Monday afternoon that it had lost 810,000 subscribers in the third quarter. The company also spread out a word of caution that the sales and earnings may not deliver the expected results in the 4th quarter. The announcement which came along with the revelation of company's Q3 earnings lead to a fall of over 31% in shares.
Falling short on the expected 24 million subscribers, company ended the quarter with 23.79 million subscribers. However the management has forecasted to gain U.S. subscribers in the ongoing quarter, although no specific target is proclaimed. In contrast to the previous year's earnings of $38 million, or 70 cents per share, at the same time last year, the company earned $62.5 million, or $1.16, per share, in the third quarter.
Netflix's customers were let down after the CEO Reed Hastings decided to raise prices for a popular subscription plan. Instead of paying $10 for access to both DVD-by-mail operations and streaming video, Netflix divided it into separate plan which costs $7.99 each.
Although they attempted to follow up last month and announced Qwikster, a separate service for the spin off DVD-by-mail operations but it failed to boost up the confidence of users when they abruptly scrapped Qwikster plan, just three weeks later. Netflix at that time appeared directionless and focus less.
They followed up on that by announcing last month that they would spin off DVD-by-mail operations into a separate service called Qwikster. It didn't help to boost confidence much when they abruptly scrapped the Qwikster plan three weeks later. Netflix appeared rudderless.
In a letter to subscribers it issued, Netflix detailed the chronology of errors that it said would hurt its fourth quarter performance:
“$7.99 for unlimited streaming and $7.99 for unlimited DVD are both very aggressive low prices, relative to competition and to the value of the services, and they are the right place for Netflix to be in the long term. What we misjudged was how quickly to move there. We compounded the problem with our lack of explanation about the rising cost of the expansion of streaming content and steady DVD costs, so that … many perceived us as greedy. Finally, we announced and then retracted a separate brand for DVD. While this branding incident further dented our reputation, and caused a temporary cancellation surge, compared to our price change, its impact was relatively minor.”
“The last few months…have been difficult for shareholders, employees, and most unfortunately, many members of Netflix,” Hastings wrote in the letter to investors. “We've hurt our hard-earned reputation.”
During an interview on The View today, Hillary Clinton said an unborn child just hours before delivery should have no Constitutional rights. their comments come just days after Clinton said unborn children simply do not have any Constitutional rights, which would include the right to life.
During the interview a host on The View followed up on the previous comments:
PAULA FARIS: And Secretary, I want to ask you about some comments that you made over the weekend on Meet the Press regarding abortion. You said, quote, “the unborn person doesn't have constitutional rights.” My question is at what point does someone have constitutional rights, and are you saying that a child, on its due date, just hours before delivery still has no constitutional rights?
HILLARY CLINTON: Under our law, that is the case.
But was Clinton just citing the current law? No, they continue on to say that they support Roe v. Wade, which makes it the case that unborn children have no constitutional rights even hours before birth. They added that they think women should have the sole decision-making power over the lives of unborn children without any limits.
SIGN THE PLEDGE! We Oppose Hillary Clinton!
Police on Tuesday said they respect a Nicosia district court decision which acquitted a 28-year-old man who reported they were beaten by officers in 2012 but was charged with causing bodily harm to police officers.
Court instead, after its ruling on Monday, sent the case to the Attorney General's office to decide whether the involved officers could be investigated for criminal offences.
The man was arrested in August 2012 for allegedly attacking a police officer and beating another in the Nicosia shop they were working in, following a robbery, where police were called. They were charged in writing and was released.
Reportedly, the day the incident occurred, the co-owner of the furniture shop the 28-year-old was working in, received a call from a man who had broken into the establishment and who threatened they would set it on fire unless they received money.
The owner reportedly called their employee to go to the shop to see what was going on, and also notified the 50-year-old sister of their business partner. They also notified the police, while they too went to the shop.
When the three arrived at the shop, according to media reports, one of the two perpetrators kicked the owner and the employee intervened to protect their boss.
At that point, one of the officers who arrived at the shop, claimed the 28-year-old attacked them and they tried to defend himself. Two more officers arrived and they too reportedly used force to arrest the man.
They claimed they were drunk and uncontrollable, and that they were swearing. They had allegedly bitten the officer who was trying to handcuff him.
The court heard that during the incident, one officer was holding the defendant by the neck while hitting them with a baton, and the other two were hitting them with their batons on various parts of the body while they were handcuffed. After one of the officers said that the defendant bit him, they pushed them to fall on the floor and continued to hit them on the back.
During the incident, the 50-year-old tried to pull one of the officers away from the man. When they later went to the police to complain for excessive use of force on the 28-year-old, they too are charged with assaulting an officer.
The court reportedly acquitted the man after it found there were serious contradictions in the testimonies of the four police officers involved and of the investigating officer.
Police spokesperson Andreas Angelides told the Cyprus Mail that the acquitted 28-year-old has also filed a complaint at the independent authority for the investigation of allegations and complaints against the police.
They added that the then AG had ruled that the case did not justify a criminal investigation, but that disciplinary offences were detected against one of the officers. “We had launched a disciplinary investigation against one of the officers, which is ongoing,” they said.
They also told the Cyprus News Agency that the Police Chief has requested immediate information on the case. They also asked that the disciplinary case file is also sent to the AG for a decision as to the further handling of the case, following the court decision.
The ruling comes after the Paphos criminal court sentenced two police officers to a year in prison last week after they were seen on video beating up a man at a holding cell in Polis Chrysochous in February 2014.
While the ACLU's focus on foreign intelligence surveillance typically centers on the U.S. government's National Security Agency, intelligence collection actually operates on a global scale. Our government is just one branch of an international network of intelligence services that coordinate their efforts with virtually no transparency or accountability.
That's why the ACLU has joined with seven of our partners in the International Network of Civil Liberties Organizations (INCLO) to file freedom of information requests seeking government records concerning how intelligence sharing between countries actually works. Along with a request we filed today under the Freedom of Information Act, our seven partners filed similar requests in their own countries, in Argentina, Canada, the United Kingdom, Hungary, Ireland, Russia, and South Africa.
Fight for surveillance reform
Our concerns with these arrangements are not academic. American intelligence agencies reportedly played a role in surveilling Nelson Mandela and the African National Congress in the 1960s. More recently, in exchange for providing the CIA with information about Libyans suspected of ties to international terrorism, the United States allowed Libya to interrogate prisoners at Guantánamo Bay. And American intelligence agencies reportedly work closely with their Ethiopian counterparts on counterterrorism in the Horn of Africa, despite the Ethiopian government's documented abuses against political opponents, the press, and detainees.
Since the Snowden revelations, we've learned a lot about the NSA's expansive surveillance tools — like Upstream surveillance, which we're challenging as unconstitutional in Wikimedia v. NSA, and MYSTIC, under which the NSA can record, store, and revisit every phone call in a given foreign country. But far less is known about the extent to which the government shares information collected through that surveillance with other countries.
We do know that the government shares data it collects with other countries, through partnerships like its “Five Eyes” arrangement with the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand, and through unilateral agreements with countries like Germany, Israel, and Saudi Arabia. (Some of these agreements may have been jeopardized in recent months, after President Trump shared with Russian officials evidence of Israeli intelligence gathering in Syria, and British officials were upset by U.S. leaks concerning the U.K.'s investigation of the Manchester bombing.)
But what do these agreements say? How do they work in practice? And what safeguards are present to ensure that the United States does not sidestep domestic legal constraints by laundering surveillance through other countries — for example, by asking a foreign government to conduct surveillance that the U.S. government could not do itself? Or that it does not — advertently or otherwise — contribute to the use of American intelligence to facilitate human rights violations or other abuses?
We need to scrutinize these practices, especially as we approach what is sure to be a contentious debate surrounding the reauthorization of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act later this year. We know that the products of the government's surveillance under Section 702 have been shared with foreign governments — for example, when the NSA reportedly intercepted the communications of people associated with a Fijian pro-democracy campaign and then shared the messages with the agency's New Zealand counterpart.
Moreover, the rules approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court governing how Section 702–collected data may be used by the NSA explicitlystate that “[i]nformation acquired pursuant to section 702 of the Act may be disseminated to a foreign government,” with weak protections for individuals' privacy, including that of Americans. (The rules governing how the FBI may share Section 702–collected data are, perhaps unsurprisingly, entirely redacted from the FISC-approved guidelines.)
Coordinated surveillance by some of the most powerful countries in the world demands, in turn, that civil society coordinate its response. We've joined with our INCLO partners in this effort because we know that in today's interconnected world, an email we send to a friend abroad could end up not just in our own government's hands, but the hands of foreign governments as well. The same goes for our friend.
We're hoping that this joint project helps shed some light on these practices, both at home and around the world.
When Rodney King was beaten by Los Angeles Police officers in 1991, it took nearly two days for the rest of the world to see it. A stranger with a camcorder recorded the Sunday-morning assault from their terrace, then took the footage to local news station KTLA on Monday morning. The channel broadcast the attack that night, and it was picked up by CNN the following day, exploding into a national story.
That timeline is much longer than it took for the recorded killings of two black men at the hands of police — Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, on Tuesday, and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, on Wednesday — to reach the public, ricochet across social media, take over the cable news cycle, and warrant a response from the president. Since the 2014 protests in Ferguson, Missouri, we've witnessed a rapid compression in the time between reports of police killings and widespread video evidence of them. Last year in South Carolina, Walter Scott was gunned down on a Saturday morning; a bystander who recorded the incident handed video over to Scott's family the next day, after police began pushing a false narrative. On Tuesday, local antiviolence activists waited to see if police would release dashcam footage before posting a video of Sterling being shot multiple times on Facebook and Instagram.
But the Castile video crossed yet another new temporal threshold. As the 32-year-old black man sat bleeding, their girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, broadcast in real time on Facebook Live the moments after their shooting, which would lead to their death later that night. The 10-minute livestream shows Reynolds calmly recounting how their boyfriend was shot as a police officer frantically tries to regain control of the situation. Later, Reynolds's confused 4-year-old daughter consoles their grieving mother. Usually the witness account is a pointed rebuke of a police narrative that is already seeping into the national consciousness, but this time it was the stark launching point for a new bout of anguish. This time, the witness told the story first.
The video has quickly changed the tenor of the conversation over police brutality, with many journalists whose job it is to document death at the hands of law enforcement calling it “shattering” and “horrifying.” It is certainly the most important video captured thanks to Facebook's livestreaming effort and probably one of the most important capsules of humanity to ever emerge from the social network. But is Facebook, the platform whose biggest livestreaming success to date is Chewbacca Mom, really the best place for such vital footage?
Hours after it was posted, as knowledge of the shooting was spreading rapidly across the web, Reynolds's video was scrubbed from the social network with no explanation, along with their Facebook account. Facebook restored the video late Wednesday night, blaming the removal on a technical glitch. “We're very sorry that the video was temporarily inaccessible. It was down due to a technical glitch and restored as soon as we were able to investigate,” a spokesperson said in an emailed statement.
Facebook refuses to explain what the “glitch” was. Did the Live feature buckle due to the influx of traffic? Was the video removed automatically due to its graphic content, along with their account? Did a poorly paid contract worker toss it into the abyss by accident? Was it taken down because of police intervention (which Facebook denies)?
Without knowing — and because Facebook appears unlikely to clarify — it's impossible to say how Facebook will respond to future graphic content that has clear societal value. “The place we all go to exercise our freedom of expression and to share opinions is a private platform run by a private company, and they don't let us say every single thing that's legal,” says Daphne Keller, director of intermediary liability at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society and a former head lawyer for Google's web search team. “They only let us say the things that their policies permit. There's good business reasons for that for them, but it's a strange impact for us as a society sharing speech.”
For any video-supporting platform, judging the importance of a piece of violent footage against its potential to enlighten users is a careful balancing act. Every major platform bans depictions of gratuitous violence but carves out exceptions for content that is “newsworthy” or “of public interest.” YouTube was the first to grapple with this issue, crafting a newsworthiness exception on the fly to keep up a video showing the killing of an Iranian protester during the country's civil unrest in 2009. Since then, other platforms have emerged with a clear activist bent. Periscope CEO Kayvon Beykpour has said that they decided to build the startup because they wanted to be able to livestream protests in Turkey in 2014. The American Civil Liberties Union has an app called Mobile Justice that lets users record police misconduct.
But Facebook has a scale and speed that the other platforms — even YouTube — lack. That makes it the most vital conduit available to the disenfranchised. It's the place where everyone already is, and where everyone is more likely to see the important thing. “I wanted to put it on Facebook to go viral so that the people could see,” Reynolds said in an interview that was livestreamed on the social network. “I wanted the people to determine who was right and who was wrong. … I wanted the people to be the testimony here.”
The world's largest social network has granted itself yet another world-altering power. So how will the company wield it? Increased transparency would be helpful, either by making more specific community guidelines or divulging data about how many videos are removed each month and for what reasons. And embracing less sunny stories that are vital to our democratic process would help telegraph the company's priorities. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg made an effort at this by acknowledging the importance of Reynolds's video in a Thursday-night post. “The images we've seen this week are graphic and heartbreaking, and they shine a light on the fear that millions of members of our community live with every day,” they said. “While I hope we never have to see another video like Diamond's, it reminds us why coming together to build a more open and connected world is so important — and how far we still have to go.”
Facebook has granted citizens a way to circumvent the gatekeepers. But at the end of the day, there's still a person in Menlo Park holding all the keys. “There are ways to be more transparent,” says Keller, “all of which I think would help in building more public trust, more understanding, more ability for people to agree intelligently.”
[Update: On Friday afternoon, Facebook released this statement responding to the incident.]
ISTANBUL - The top military commander of the Western-backed Syrian opposition is in Turkey for talks with rebels, a spokesperson said Thursday, denying reports that they had fled Syria.
The Wall Street Journal reported that General Selim Idriss, the head of the Free Syrian Army's Supreme Military Council, had been forced to flee after the rival Islamic Front overran key FSA bases near the border with Turkey.
But a spokesperson for the Syrian National Coalition said Idriss was in Turkey holding talks with both FSA rebels and also the Islamic Front, which has emerged as the biggest Islamist rebel grouping in Syria.
"General Selim Idriss is in the south of Turkey on the border of Turkey and Syria," SNC spokesperson Khaled Saleh told AFP in Istanbul.
The Islamic Front seized depots belonging to the Western-backed FSA near the Bab el-Hawa border crossing with Turkey at the weekend and then border post itself on Tuesday.
The advance prompted the United States and Britain to announced Wednesday the suspension of non-lethal aid to the moderate rebel forces in northern Syria.
Saleh dismissed the Wall Street Journal report that Idriss had flown to Qatar after fleeing to Turkey as "laughable."
"Yesterday [Wednesday] they were actually meeting with the Islamic Front," they said.
"General Idriss is still in contact with the FSA brigades that are on the ground, he's still in contact with the Islamic Front."
The Islamic Front was formed last month when six groups merged and pledged to work towards forming an Islamic state. It has rejected the authority of the FSA.
As much as social equality is advocated in the United States, a new study suggests that besides evaluating their own race and religion most favorably, people share implicit hierarchies for racial, religious, and age groups that may be different from their conscious, explicit attitudes and values.
The study findings appear in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
“People from relatively low-status groups can readily report that their group does not have the most power. At the same time, most groups, even if they have less social power, favor their own group above all others,” explains psychological scientist Jordan R. Axt of the University of Virginia, lead author of the study. “We wanted to investigate how these dual influences—the knowledge that one's group may not have the most power, but nevertheless favoring that group the most—would reveal themselves on measures of both explicit and implicit attitudes.”
Axt and colleagues analyzed data from hundreds of thousands of American participants who completed online Brief Implicit Association Tests (BIAT) on race, religion, and age.
In the first task, participants viewed a male or female face of a particular racial group as well as positive words such as love, pleasant, great, and wonderful, and negative words such as hate, unpleasant, awful, and terrible. For each set, participants categorized the positive and negative words with faces belonging to each racial group.
The idea behind the BIAT is that people are quicker to categorize things with the same response when they are associated more closely in memory, even if they consciously reject that association. If a person has positive associations with a particular racial group, for example, it should take less time to categorize faces from that group together with positive words. A person with negative associations, on the other hand, would need more time to categorize faces from that group together with positive words. Thus, the BIAT can uncover biases people may not be conscious of and do not endorse.
Axt and colleagues found that participants were most likely to prefer members of their own race. Additionally, members of almost every racial group exhibited an implicit racial hierarchy of positive evaluations: White, then Asian, then Black, then Hispanic.
Likewise, people favored their own religion. After their own group, participants' implicit hierarchies usually placed Christianity next, followed by Judaism, Hinduism or Buddhism (there were two versions of the test, with either Hinduism or Buddhism as an option), and Islam.
Unlike race and religion, however, people did not show a preference for members of their own age group. Still, every age group demonstrated an implicit age-based hierarchy with children at the top, followed by young adults, middle-aged adults, and, finally, older adults.
Importantly, participants' implicit associations differed from evaluations they made when asked to report what they consciously thought of various racial, religious, and age groups.
The researchers offer an explanation for the results:
“Our explicit, conscious attitudes may be derived more from personal beliefs about others. At the same time, implicit attitudes may arise both from our own identities and from widely spread cultural beliefs or values,” says Axt. “While we may disagree with such cultural beliefs, these results illustrate how they can nevertheless shape our minds.”
According to Axt and colleagues, the findings contribute to the debate over whether people prefer their own groups, or if those on a lower social rung actually esteem high-status groups as a justification for the way things are:
“Like many scientific debates, our results suggest that the answer is ‘both.'”
Co-authors on the study include Charles R. Ebersole and Brian A. Nosek of the University of Virginia.
All data and materials have been made publicly available via Open Science Framework and can be accessed at https://osf.io/zg2su/files/. The complete Open Practices Disclosure for this article can be found at http://pss.sagepub.com/content/by/supplemental-data. This article has received badges for Open Data and Open Materials. More information about the Open Practices badges can be found at https://osf.io/tvyxz/wiki/view/ and http://pss.sagepub.com/content/25/1/3.full.
Micha Schulze, Jahrgang 1967, ist Geschäftsführer von queer.de und seit 25 Jahren in schwul-lesbischen Medien zu Hause. Normalerweise schreibt er vor allem Konzepte, Angebote, Rechnungen und Mahnungen, in dieser Kolumne aber immer wieder auch Emails an Leute und Organisationen, über die er einfach nur den Kopf schütteln kann.
, Jahrgang 1967, ist Geschäftsführer von queer.de und seit 25 Jahren in schwul-lesbischen Medien zu Hause. Normalerweise schreibt er vor allem Konzepte, Angebote, Rechnungen und Mahnungen, in dieser Kolumne aber immer wieder auch Emails an Leute und Organisationen, über die er einfach nur den Kopf schütteln kann.
Dresdens rechtsextreme OB-Kandidatin Tatjana Festerling traute sich in die "Boys"-Bar und wurde dort von Dragqueen-Mitbewerberin Lara Liqueur (Die Partei) mit Likörchen empfangen.
Liebe Lara Liqueur,
was wäre das für eine Chance gewesen, dieser Frau einmal zu zeigen, was wir von ihrer homophoben und rassistischen Hetze halten.
Da verirrt sich Dresdens Pegida-Oberbürgermeisterkandidatin Tatjana Festerling ausgerechnet in die Schwulenbar "Boys", in der du als DJ und Entertainerin arbeitest  und dir fällt nichts anderes ein, als sie zum Likörchen einzuladen, mit ihr um die Wette Kondome aufzublasen und ein Selfie zu machen.
Und offensichtlich hatte auch kein anderer Gast den Mut, die rechtsextreme Politikerin vor die Tür zu setzen. "Die Jungs in der Bar rieben sich verwundert die Augen", schreibt die "Bild"-Zeitung.
Weicheier statt Terrortunten
Zwei unwählbare OB-Kandidatinnen für Dresden: Lara Liqueur (Die Partei) und Tatjana Festerling (Pegida)
Nur zu Erinnerung: Festerling, das ist jene Frau, die selbst ihren ehemaligen AfD-Parteifreunden zu rechts war und die bei der Pegida-Demo am 30. März ordentlich gegen Lesben und Schwule vom Leder zog: "Wir wollen übrigens auch nicht den Terror der schwul-lesbisch-queren-intersexuellen Minderheit, die unsere Kinder mit ihrem überzogenen Sexualscheiß schon in der Grundschule traumatisieren." Das war, im Vergleich zu ihren Äußerungen gegenüber Ausländern und Muslimen, sogar noch freundlich.
Immerhin, könnte man sagen, hat sich Festerling nun selbst widerlegt, traf sie doch  46 Jahre nach dem "Stonewall"-Aufstand  statt auf tapfere Terrortunten leider nur auf winselnde Weicheier. Man hätte ja nicht gleich handgreiflich werden müssen  aber gerade von dir als Kandidatin der Satiretruppe "Die Partei" hätte ich einen etwas kreativeren "Empfang" erwartet.
Und ich weiß nicht, was peinlicher ist: Das Selfie, der Likör und der Kondomaufblas-Wettbewerb oder das Rechtfertigungs-Video, das du am nächsten Morgen ungeschminkt und mit freiem Oberkörper aufgenommen hast. "Sie ist auch nur ein Mensch", sagst du darin, "es war einfach nur ein Gespräch", ein "blöder Zufall" und du und "die Tatjana" werden nicht beste Freundinnen werden. Die deutlichste Selbstkritik: "Das Selfie war wahrscheinlich ein bisschen falsch zu verstehen."
Am selben Tag, als die dreiste Festerling in die "Boys"-Bar marschierte, wurde in Düsseldorf unter dem Motto "Bunt statt braun" eine Kampagne gegen Rechtsradikale und Neonazis in der Szene gestartet. Ich habe heute für dich online die beiden Aufkleber "In-Out" und "No Drinks for Nazis" bestellt, sie sollten in den nächsten Tagen im Lokal eintreffen.
Herzlichst,
Micha Schulze
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rafa Benitez says they expected Newcastle United's work in the transfer window to be “completed” by this stage.
The Spaniard did not take a summer holiday and had targeted eight new signings in good time for the new season starting, however, with a week to go until the big kick off they are still two or three players light.
And the Magpies have been unable to offload a host of squad players with the likes of Emmanuel Riviere and Massadio Haidara both turning down moves as interested clubs can't match their wages.
After the 2-0 win over Hellas Verona , Benitez said: “We were expecting more players and the team or the squad completed.
“But it's not the case so we have to manage with the players we have at the moment and they are doing well.”
Benitez indicated they haven't quite decided their starting line-up against Spurs next weekend.
But said: “I think it always important for them to know they must compete.
“We will have injuries and suspensions.
“Everybody has to be ready.”
Newcastle's win over Hellas Vernoa means the Magpies lost just one game in six during pre-season.
Benitez told the BBC: “We had chances, we scored goals then we had more chances. Defensively we had some danger but attacking we had good players.
“There is plenty of room for improvement but at least we have some positives. Normally when have pre-season you want in brackets - easy games.
“We have played against teams in the top division from Germany and Italy. So it was more or less what we were expecting.”
The one thing that defines my illness is the constant feeling that I am running in circles. I find myself repeating the same patterns of self-destructive behaviour, I find that no matter how hard I try I end up back at the same point. As Sisyphus was condemned to roll a boulder up a mountain, only for it to roll back down, I often feel the same.
No matter how hard I try to bring order from chaos within my life, it creeps back in, so frustrating. I really can not complain about my standard of living, I cope, I have family and friends who support me, but I want to stand on my own two feet. Maybe I want the impossible, the one thing that is for sure is that I do not want what lies beneath.
There is a that must not be allowed to live, a that I am scared of. Not that I am violent, but then violence can come in verbal and mental forms not just the physical, so maybe I am. It is the that sit drunk in the corner of a pub for eternity. I have seen it with my own eyes, the son must not follow in the footsteps of the father.
Over the past couple of years I have learned a lot about mental illness in general, and a lot about my own mental health. I have learned to spot triggers and warning signs, though not always, and sometimes a little bit late. The more I learn, the smaller my circle gets, however there are circles within circles. A change in one circle, let us say for example, leading a healthier life, can have effects on others, such as money, change of daily routine, I could go on.
Cycling from mania to depression is another circle in my life, with medication these episodes can be mild and easily recognised, if not actually dealt with. Other times they can be intense, both can be quick (a matter of minutes) or slow (spread over a few weeks). No matter what, once you start looking deep into yourself, you soon see the cyclic nature of prolonged mental illness.
I know that I will never break these cycles, the best that I can hope for is to increase the up cycle and decrease the downside. I believe self-knowledge is the key to better ‘recovery' from the worst of mental illness. I strongly believe that my quality of living is getting better, the gap between father and son grows. Maybe the more I keep trying, the more subtle changes will stick. What ever happens, it will happen in circles.
This post is inspired by The Daily Prompt
A Pueblo man is in custody on a litany of charges, including attempted first-degree murder, following a domestic violence incident in which they allegedly shot at their girlfriend.
Matthew Franklin Miller, 27, of the 550 block of Pear Street, was arrested Friday on suspicion of attempted first-degree murder, second-degree assault, and menacing. They also are charged with possession of a weapon by a previous offender and illegal discharge of a firearm.
A police department spokesperson said that during the domestic violence episode, Miller shot at least once at their girlfriend, who was not injured. They then fled the scene, then was involved in an auto accident on Thatcher Avenue in which two people sustained injuries as a result of the collision.
Shortly thereafter, Miller was taken into custody near the intersection of Prairie and Thatcher avenues without incident.
Placed on a parole hold, Miller is also facing charges of reckless endangerment, fleeing the scene of an accident involving injury, disregarding a traffic control device and careless driving.
They remain in custody with no bail set.
Vacant home
burglary
North Side
On Friday, officers were dispatched to the 1400 block of Aquila Drive on a report that an "under construction" vacant home had been burglarized.
At the scene, police learned that more than $8,000 in tools and supplies, including $3,000 worth of wood flooring and a $1,500 hammer drill, had been stolen.
Auto thefts
Belmont
A 1994 Nissan Quest valued at $1,500 and holding $1,000 in tools was reported stolen Friday from the 100 block of Bonnymede Road.
West Side
Also on Friday, police learned that a 1994 Honda Accord valued at $1,500 had been stolen from the 1000 block of W. 13th Street.
Theft from
auto
North Side
A set of keys with a value of $2,000 was reported stolen Thursday from a vehicle parked in the 5300 block of Outlook Boulevard.
The driver's side door of the 2006 Ford F150 was unlocked at the time of the theft.
Store's
manager hurt
Belmont
A confrontation with shoplifters at a Dollar General store in the 1500 block of Troy Avenue Friday resulted in injuries for the store's female manager.
Officers learned that outside the store, the manager confronted a male and three females who had stolen items from the store.
The suspects refused to give back the items and began cursing and yelling at the manager, who attempted to grab the items from inside the suspect vehicle.
At that time, the vehicle departed the scene, catching the manager and knocking them to the ground before speeding away.
Burglary
South Side
More than $1,000 worth of tools, bikes and equipment were discovered stolen from a garage in the 1500 block of Lake Avenue Friday.
A witness told police they had observed two young Hispanic males pushing a lawn mower through the alley behind the garage. Police also were told the home's garage door was open.
While officers were not able to locate the suspects, they did recover several stolen items left in the alley.
The investigation is ongoing.
Criminal
mischief
West Side
Two males who attempted to gain entry into a Loaf 'N Jug store in the 4800 block of Thatcher Avenue while an employee was in the restroom ended up damaging the door to the tune of $1,000.
Police learned that after pulling on the door several times, one of the suspects kicked it, breaking the glass. The suspects then departed the scene.
Arrests
Colton Sena, 28, of the 3300 block of Petalina Court, was arrested Friday on suspicion of possession of a weapon by a previous offender. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Justin R. Keeney, 36, of the 700 block of Current Way, was arrested Saturday on a warrant for escape-felony conviction. They also are placed on a parole hold, with no bail set.
Jacob L. Land-Kalata, 26, of Avondale, was arrested Friday on suspicion of menacing with a deadly weapon. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Andrew S. Lawson, 23, of the 3300 block of Baltimore Avenue, was arrested Friday on a warrant for attempted first-degree aggravated motor vehicle theft. Additional charge is second-degree burglary. They were booked into jail in lieu of $60,000 total bail.
Paul Sierra, 27, of the 200 block of Logan Avenue, was arrested Friday on suspicion of menacing with a weapon. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Reynaldo E. Torres, 38, of the 1700 block of W. 12th Street, was arrested Friday on suspicion of first-degree criminal trespass. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Sean M. Velarde, 26, of the 300 block of E. Don Drive in Pueblo West, was arrested Friday on a warrant for first-degree forgery. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Sonny Shane Sanchez, 41, of the 800 block of Mesa Avenue, was arrested Thursday on suspicion of menacing with a gun. They also are placed on a parole hold. The menacing count carries a $5,000 bail.
Derrick J. Montez, 31, of the 20 block of Purdue Street, was arrested Saturday on a warrant for aggravated robbery. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Chelsea R. Morris, 28, of Canon City, was placed on a no-bail hold Friday for possession of a Schedule II controlled substance.
Christopher J. Sena, 41, of the 100 block of E. Northern Street, was arrested Friday on a warrant for identity theft. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Joseph L. Sais, 23, of the 2100 block of E. 11th Street, was arrested Saturday on suspicion of the possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute (two counts). They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
Scott H. Schaeffer, 41, of 28th Lane, was arrested Saturday on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute. They were booked into jail with no bail set, pending a court appearance.
jpompia@chieftain.com
Mr. Colbert and Colbert Nation,
It has come to our attention that the Seattle Police Department was featured in a segment on your news program about marijuana enforcement in our great state, following the passage of Initiative 502.
Unfortunately, this segment was rife with errors—understandable given that your program airs during a late evening hour, typically the domain of infomercial watchers, graffiti vandals and car prowlers.
As such, we now believe it is necessary for our department to address some of the more egregious “Truthiness” contained in your report, such as your assertion that America is “surrendering in the war on drugs” and that police in Seattle are “encouraging drug use.”
We'll have you know, sir, that our department continues to pursue marijuana-related infractions, such as the sale of marijuana-infused snacks without a license.
We've also made numerous attempts to better inform Seattle residents of the laws they voted for through our Marijwhatnow FAQ and Hempfest outreach. We even had the foresight to do so in a way that captured our audience's attention before they went back to hashtagging their Tweets and Instagramming their lunch.
You also claimed our department has not done enough to keep “medical-grade dispensary dank away from kids,” and has failed to address the serious side effects of marijuana, such as short-term memory loss.
We simply cannot remember a time we were more incensed by such a blatant mischaracterization of our department. We continue to investigate the sale of marijuana to minors, and we certainly do not encourage the use of silly branding like “Bubba Kush” and “Alien Dog.” If it were up to us, pot brands would have names like “Remember to Call Your Mother” and “You Don't Want to Grow Up to Be a Drummer, Do You?”
You also indicated our educational material to Hempfest attendees—instructing them to “listen to Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon at a reasonable volume”—would impact their ability to appreciate guitarist David Gilmour's “sick solo based on the pentatonic scale.”
In fact, we were simply drawing Hempfest attendees' attention to the fact that they need not sustain any sort of auditory injury while embarking on Pink Floyd's seminal 43-minute psychedelic voyage through human existence.
We sincerely hope this clarifies any confusion for you, Mr. Colbert . As to your final point, debating whether marijuana decriminalization will provide a much-needed tax revenue boost, we can confirm that Initiative 502 has been a boon for our local restaurant industry. Currently, you have to get on a three-month-long waiting list just to order a pizza.
Your partner in anti-crime,
The Seattle Police Department
They say that revenge is a better-served dish cold – in this case, perhaps with a bitcoin side?
While Mark Zuckerberg's participation in Facebook has made them one of the richest men in the world, their rivals, the Winklevoss twins, have found another way to become billionaires. The twins sued Zuckerberg in 2011 and received a $ 65 million payment. While this number was derisory compared to the value of the business, it was enough to take the twin's net worth past the billion dollar mark.
According to The Telegraph, the twins invested $ 11 million in Bitcoin in 2013 Fortune points out that the twins paid about $ 120 each for their 91,666 Bitcoins, which gave them about one percent of all the Bitcoins that were extracted at that time.
Five years later and the price of Bitcoin has climbed. At press time, Bitcoin sits above $ 11,400. It is believed that the Winklevoss twins are the first investors to make a return on their $ 1 billion investment.
The industrious entrepreneurs sit on top of a prestigious list of Bitcoin owners. They are also launching their own Bitcoin ETF – which was rejected earlier this year. Their own exchange of Bitcoin, Gemini, worked for about a year after a long battle for approval.
Perhaps not the richest
Due to the pseudo-anonymous nature of Bitcoin, be others who own even more bitcoin than the Winklevoss twins. Satoshi Nakamoto, who is still alive and has access to their private keys, owns about a million Bitcoins, or about 11 billion dollars
Other early Bitcoin investors are also candidates to the status of billionaire. Roger Ver is widely believed to have 300,000 Bitcoins. Trace Meyer is another billionaire contender, having bought Bitcoin when the currency was trading around 25 cents each. A few months ago, Ver and Meyer made a bet of 25,000 Bitcoin on the future of the Bitcoin scaling debate (Worm facing big blockers and now supports Bitcoin Cash).
Well Known Twins for Bitcoin
Given the important role of twins in the world, they are likely to continue to play a major role in the adoption of Bitcoin. Bitcoin and altcoins in the ordinary consciousness. Their influence has weight in many spheres, in business, academia and sports. Yes, sports. The twins competed in the rowing events at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
I've recently had the opportunity to check out TextMate and it has a nice feature that lets you select some lines and automatically add # to the beginning of them in order to comment them out.
I realized that this is of course a missing feature in the Pico Editor so here we go:
def onComment(sci) txt = sci.get_text_range(sci.get_selection_start, sci.get_selection_end) sci.clear comment_rgx = Regexp.new('^' + Regexp.escape(@single_comment)) new_txt = [] txt.gsub(/\r/, '').split(/
/).each do |line| if comment_rgx.match(line) new_txt << line.slice(@single_comment.length, line.length - 1) else new_txt << @single_comment + line end end sci.insert_text(sci.get_current_pos, new_txt.join("
")) end
First we get the selected text, then we remove it by clearing it in the editor. We create the regular expression to use, really simple one; /^#/ in our case (more on @single_comment soon).
We remove any \r characters in case we are on Windows followed by splitting by new lines.
We loop through the array we get from the split. Each line is now matched against the regular expression, if we have a match we will keep everything but the comment. If we don't have a match we add the comment to the beginning of the line.
Finally we insert the new text we have joined with new lines again, at the current position.
The above results in a toggle per line (on Ctrl-t), I don't know if that is really what I want in the long run, but it will do for now though.
Each lexer will of course sport its own @single_comment, in lexer.rb it's ‘//‘, pico.rb overrides this with ‘#‘.
Update Oct 1 2008: The source has been updated.
Related Posts
Jonathan Gruber, who helped write and promote the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. (Photo: Boston Herald)
(CNSNews.com) -- For the $2.2 million MIT economist Jonathan Gruber has been paid by the federal government since 2000, they collected $516,000 during Clinton's presidency, $1,248,000 during the Bush administration, and $452,600 after President Barack Obama took office.
An assistant economics professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology by 1992, Gruber's career with the federal government started in 1997 when they took a leave of absence from MIT to serve as deputy assistant secretary of economic policy for the Department of the Treasury under former President Bill Clinton.
They only served in that position for a year, leaving to become a full professor at MIT in 1998.
Gruber then began a string of recurring taxpayer-paid stints as an “expert witness” in January 2000, when the Department of Justice paid them $102,000 for their “expert” testimony, according to USASpending.gov.
ype="node" title="Gruber
Under Clinton's administration, Gruber received the following amounts from the Justice Department for “expert witness” services:
January, 2000: $102,000
June, 2000: $52,000
July, 2000: $52,000
January 15, 2001: $240,000
January 15, 2001: $70,000
Total: $516,000
Gruber was also paid the following amounts by the federal government throughout the Bush years, each time by the Department of Justice for “expert witness” services.
September, 2001: $52,000
September, 2001: $90,000
January, 2002: $166,000
May, 2002: $72,000
August, 2002: $100,000
October, 2004: $50,000
April, 2005: $159,800
April, 2005: $159,800
October, 2005: $371,400
November, 2008: $13,500
September, 2008: $13,500
Total: $1,248,000
Between 2001 and 2005 during the Bush administration, Gruber received a total of $1, 248,000 in federal payments for expert testimony, primarily about restrictions and regulations on tobacco companies and cigarette manufactures, including Philip Morris.
Gruber also secured money from the State Department for their testimony during a NAFTA dispute between the U.S. government and a Canadian tobacco company.
After President Barack Obama's took office in January of 2009, Gruber continued their side career as a government-paid outside contractor.
In 2009, Gruber received three separate payments for “professional services,” including “technical assistance,” in the amounts of $90,000, $95,000 and $267,600 -- a total of $452,600.
It was during this time that Gruber was helping to craft Obama's signature health care law.
CNSNews.com reached out to Gruber to ask how many hours they worked to earn the $1,764,000 million as an "expert witness."
"I'm sorry, but I have no comment," Gruber responded in an email.
In total, from the Clinton years, Bush years, and through the Obama years to date, the records available show that Gruber was paid $2,216,000 in taxpayer money from the federal government.
Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama. (AP)
In November 2014, several tapes were published in which Gruber openly admitted Obamacare was passed due to the “stupidity of the American voter,” adding that the average American is “too stupid to understand” how the law works.
Gruber is scheduled to testify before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on Tuesday, Dec. 9, where they will face questions from members of Congress over a slew of comments they made in the recently published videos.
Share the News
Cat-loving telecommuters and entrepreneurs will be excited about this one: Baltimore is set to get its very own cat café in the recently restored Whitehall Mill development near Hampden and Woodberry.
The business, dubbed Charm Kitty Cafe, is currently raising money on Kickstarter. So far, the campaign is going swimmingly: In just one day online, the fundraiser has raised $8,300 as of 2:30 p.m. Friday, well above its original goal of $5,000.
The planned cat café it will be a collaboration with the Reisterstown-based Baltimore Humane Society and Lauraville-based Zeke's Coffee; the former will provide the cats, while the latter will provide the coffee.
Cam Tucker, the man behind the business, said in an interview that when they went to bed after launching the fundraiser yesterday, it had received some small support from family and friends. By the time they woke up, the funds had doubled. “It is unlike anything I've ever experienced before, and I'm just so happy that people are really excited about this,” they said.
Tucker said he's already secured preliminary approval for the café's layout from the Baltimore City Health Department.
For those who are aren't familiar, cat cafés offer the best of both worlds for coffee enthusiasts and feline lovers. Guests can enjoy a warm beverage while playing with and, hopefully, adopting the fostered cats away from a shelter partner. The craze is only a few years old in the United States, but it's gradually spreading across major cities.
Wendy Goldband, a spokesperson for the Baltimore Humane Society, said the nonprofit shelter is excited about the collaboration. “This is a wonderful opportunity to get exposure for the cats and get them adopted,” they said. “It also allows us the ability to rescue that many more cats, because we can take in more than what we would normally be able to in our shelter.”
This space brings a twist to the regular cat café in that it'll also be a co-working area for those who work remotely. Customers with memberships won't have any time limit on how long they can stay and work, a common rule in normal cat cafés.
Tucker said he's been planning Charm Kitty Cafe for just over a year. “The biggest piece that was difficult was getting a space that would allow cats,” they said. “I was told ‘no' by many different locations – and maybe for good reason, a lot of places just didn't want cats in a retail location.”
Just when they were considering abandoning the effort, a friend mentioned the newly restored Whitehall Mill.
The business will also have board games, cat toys and books, as well as special events like cat yoga in the future, according to the Kickstarter page. It'll be connected to the other stores in the market area inside Whitehall Mill.
“They immediately embraced the idea and took to it. That was just really a breakthrough,” they said.
Goldband said it's a “beautiful space” that will be “set up very well” as a home for cats. The goal, they said, is for customers to be able to adopt the animals away right away at the café instead of having to come up to the shelter.
Presently, Charm Kitty Cafe is set to open in the second half of 2017. With the money raised so far, Tucker plans to lease the space, renovate it and obtain all necessary city permits. Their Kickstarter is rewarding donors with perks such as entry to the “Baltimeow Club,” which informs members about any new developments and special offers.
Tucker envisions developing other partnerships with businesses as they fill out the space at Whitehall Market. In the meantime, thanks to the swell in funds via Kickstarter, “we'll have a great budget to make the space just the best it can be,” they said.
This story has been updated with comment from Cam Tucker of Charm Kitty Cafe.
Not much has been translated yet, but the news was published this morning (5am) in Japan. The album will come out on April 12th, about 2 weeks before Daesung's birthday. It will be titled “D-Day”. So far it appears that the album will have more than 7 songs on it and come in at least 3 versions (CD / CD+DVD / Play button, etc.).Price ranges from 2,592 yen to 4,104 yen.
Daesung's mini album titled “D-Day” will be released in Japan on April 12 — Marie (@mshinju) February 7, 2017
👼대성 (일본) 미니앨범 발매 안내
앨범 타이틀:D-Day
발매일:4월12일 미니앨범+DVD+스마프라 영상&음악
미니앨범+스마프라 음악
플레이버튼 전 7곡 이상 수록 앨범 제목이 D-Day라니… 아침부터 정말 설레요😭 — 하이라이트 (@High__Lite) February 7, 2017
Source & Info via @Mshinju, @High__lite, @nikkansports, YGEX
Special Thanks to user EyesKnowsLips for additional help!
Update with info and translation by @mshinju:
Let's not mince words: Raw has been plain bad lately. It's not entirely WWE's fault, to be fair—a lot of their main attractions are out, either on injury (Orton, Rollins, Bryan, Cesaro) or filming extracurricular projects (Cena). In the past this would be a prime opportunity for WWE to build new stars, throwing some of their more promising prospects into the deep end and seeing if they can swim. But in the “What else are you gonna watch?” era, WWE tends to stay the course and continue their strange dance of relying heavily on their audience of hardcore fans who will watch basically no matter what while at the same time writing a show that alienates those fans.
We have an unhealthy relationship of contempt with our own fans on Monday nights, MAGGLE!
There are a lot of mechanical problems within WWE, the writing being chief among them. One of the larger issues brought up lately is the “50/50 club,” a phrase coined by Dave Meltzer to describe the even-Steven booking that seems to permeate the mid card in WWE. While WWE focuses on one or two main event guys, everyone else languishes in the middle of the card, trading wins back and forth with each other. Sure, you can easily have good matches in this formula, and oftentimes we do—despite the injuries, the roster is still full of talented wrestlers. The problem is these matchups are only storyline driven in the loosest definition of the word, and the fans have been conditioned to know the matches on Raw rarely matter. Smaller guy gets a big upset victory on Raw? Don't worry, he'll be brought back down to Earth by losing to the same guy on Smackdown.
Pro wrestling often gets compared to comic books. They're both storyline driven mediums using featuring larger-than-life characters who usually have a clear alignment and motivation.
So imagine if an arc in Batman went like this: Batman is doing something inconsequential. Joker attacks them for reasons that are never explained. The two have one fight every issue for the next five issues, where Batman wins one, Joker wins the next, and so on until Batman wins the fifth one and both guys just sort of forget about the beef and move onto other issues in their lives. Nothing is learned, nothing changes, and neither one is any closer to any sort of goal they may have had. That would be one crappy comic, right?
“They have been lyin' to you, maaaan…”
This “style” of booking makes up most of WWE programming. Wyatt and Cena traded wins a couple years ago until they both just moved onto other feuds. Same with Ambrose and Wyatt. Ziggler and Breeze do the same thing currently, and except for New Day, the tag team division is composed almost entirely of this. It's impossible to gain momentum when no one gets the upper hand for more than one episode before evening off. No one is buried, but no one is elevated either.
It's no surprise, then, that when several key main event players go down, it's nearly impossible for anyone else to credibly take their spot. When Shawn Michaels had to take a four year leave of absence in 1998, Stone Cold Steve Austin was on a meteoric rise and fit into that top spot easily. When Austin went down with an injury, The Rock and Triple H were built strongly enough that it was easy to shift the title program to them. When Rollins and Cena are out, WWE is left with a sea of mid carders with little credibility, and one guy they are hellbent on pushing even though it isn't working out as well as they may have hoped.
That means in quick order we are faced with a program where Sheamus is World Heavyweight Champion, after months of feuding with Randy Orton over god knows what and being made to look like a total geek on the same show they cashed in their Money in the Bank briefcase. And he's flanked by King Barrett, whose wins since being crowned King of the Ring in April can be counted on one hand, Alberto del Rio, who never quite reached the levels of stardom they seemed destined to during their first run with the company, and since returning (reportedly for huge money) has been occupied by former nemesis Jack Swagger, who hadn't been seen on Raw in months. They're joined by Rusev, who is a victim of start-stop booking ever since their real-life engagement to Lana was made public knowledge by TMZ.
These are the opponents for Roman Reigns, a man who by contrast rarely ever gets pinned cleanly. It's appropriate that Sheamus is supposedly going to have a role in the upcoming Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie, because their team of lackeys may as well be Bebop and Rocksteady—a group of bumbling buffoons who may look imposing on the outside, but never amount to anything of any merit.
To be fair, there are plenty of potential upsides to the newly-dubbed League of Nations stable. All four guys are clearly talented and could really benefit from the focus a main event stable gives them if it's written correctly. Unfortunately, WWE's track record with these sorts of things don't exactly instill confidence.
This week's episode of Raw was thankfully better than it has been in weeks past, but that's an incredibly low bar to pass. It's a bad sign when an absolute bare minimum of plot development is lauded as a good show. The logic in the show is sometimes downright baffling—for instance, why would the League of Nations intentionally get Sheamus disqualified, meaning Reigns won their match and thusly won the title matches for their buddies Ambrose and the Usos (and, strangely, their own title match. That's right, they won a title shot by winning a match for the title). Wouldn't the intelligent thing to do be getting Reigns disqualified, stripping the babyfaces of their title shots?
“Let's cost Sheamus the match and intentionally give our adversaries exactly what this entire episode was built around putting into doubt. That makes sense!”
Never mind that in kayfabe this was the “main event” that for some reason went on at 10pm. Of course the eleven-man tag (can honestly say I've never seen that before) ended up being the main event, but in storyline that was born out of the events of the Reigns/Sheamus title match. Are we to believe that The Authority booked a Raw that was going to end 40 minutes early? Or that Charlotte vs. Becky Lynch was the ‘planned' main event?
Pro wrestling is a work and everyone knows it, but what makes it work is the suspension of disbelief. WWE has let the cat out of the bag and that's fine, but they treat it more like SNL than RAW is WAR. There's a level of logical consistency that is just plain missing from WWE programming these days, and it leaves even the better episodes of Raw ultimately feeling hollow.
Weirdly, WWE can and should take some cues from its distant cousin: reality television. In a lot of ways, reality TV is pro wrestling; it understands the concept of kayfabe way better, at least. Think about it: everyone knows, or at least heavily suspects, that the drama on a show like Jersey Shore is pre-planned by the producers of the show. It's up to the housemates/contestants/actors/whatever you want to call them to react as genuinely as possible. And the biggest selling point is that these people do not break their version of kayfabe even outside the realm of the show. Mike “The Situation” still acted like a douchebag and Snooki like a ditz in public appearances. Granted, those are likely large parts of their personalities anyway, but remember, the best wrestling gimmicks are the wrestler's actual personality turned up to 11.
As funny and shocking as Kofi Kingston saying it's them and not their character speaking live on Raw, it ultimately detracts from the show. How can I as a viewer believe anything New Day does when Kofi just told me it's always just their character ultimately reading from a script? I know that going into it, but it's detrimental to constantly remind me of that fact. Imagine a scathing verbal tirade from Walter White on Breaking Bad, followed up by Bryan Cranston looking into the camera and saying, “hey guys, it's me, Bryan. Can you believe my character just said that?!”
It's obviously going to take you out of the element. Raw‘s a show that doesn't know if it wants to be a drama, a reality show, or a variety show, and instead of being a good version of any of these, it's a bad version of all of them.
Watching WWE these days is an exercise in supreme frustration. The talent is there for one of the greatest eras in wrestling history—it's the aversion to risk-taking and the breaking down of the basic fundamentals of what has made wrestling work for over a century that is keeping it from reaching that potential.
CLOSE From 2015: Burlington police officer Jesse Hill, responding to a report of a domestic fight, fired their weapon at a growling family dog and inadvertently hit and killed 34-year-old Autumn Steele. Register file video
Autumn Steele's gravestone (Photo: Photo submitted)
A judge's order that law enforcement provide an inventory of records related to the 2015 accidental police shooting death of a Burlington mother is under review following a vote Thursday by the Iowa Public Information Board.
It's the latest step in a controversial 2 ½-year public records battle in which the Iowa Department of Public Safety and the Burlington Police Department have been charged with violation of the state's open records law.
“It's just one further effort” that will delay an “administrative law judge getting to the merit of this case,” said Mark McCormick, a former Iowa Supreme Court justice hired by the information board to prosecute the case, said Thursday during an appeal hearing on the matter.
The case is about Autumn Steele, 34, who was fatally shot outside their home and in front of their toddler by Burlington police officer Jesse Hill while responding to a domestic disturbance. Steele had spent the prior night in jail after being arrested for allegedly assaulting their husband, and they were allegedly screaming and hitting them again when police arrived at the home just before the shooting
A 12-second clip of the video from Hill's body camera released by authorities shows they fired their gun twice without warning after a growling dog is heard, fatally wounding Steele. While it's not apparent on the 12-second video clip that has been released, the German shepherd jumped on Hill's back and bit their thigh, causing injuries that required treatment, authorities said.
Hill was cleared in 2015 of wrongdoing by their department and returned to the police force.
Autumn Steele (Photo: Photo submitted)
The family and the Burlington Hawk Eye newspaper continue to fight to see the full video and other records in the case, which Iowa says they can keep forever secret and won't release.
The issue rests largely on whether Iowa law allows such records to be withheld.
The Iowa Public Information Board has filed an administrative contested case against the Iowa Department of Criminal Investigation and the Burlington Police Department, citing them for public records violations in response to complaints from Steele's family and the Burlington newspaper.
Administrative Law Judge Karen Doland last month ordered Burlington and the public safety department to provide an inventory and general description of records as part of a legal discovery in the case.
Burlington and the safety department are fighting Doland's order, arguing an inventory is not relevant to the question about whether the state violated Iowa's open records law. Those groups asked the public information board for a so-called “interlocutory” review, which the board unanimously granted Thursday.
The information board, which is prosecuting the case, could decide as early as Aug. 17 whether to compel Burlington and the safety department to abide by the order and produce the records inventory.
McCormick argued that it's impossible to determine if or to what extent the law has been violated without knowing the universe of records that exist.
A trial in the case is scheduled before an administrative law judge next month but it's possible that will be further delayed, partly because of the ongoing review approved by the information board on Thursday.
The judge can recommend the release of the records and fines up to $2,500 for each agency, which the information board can accept or reject. Any final board action can be appealed by the involved parties to district courts.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“It's a significant issue,” said Jeff Peterzalek, an attorney for the Iowa Attorney General's office who is representing the safety department. “It (a records violation) is still is an offense that could have people lose their jobs. It's a big deal and we're making it a big deal because it is in fact a big deal.”
Other news from the Iowa Public Information Board:
Iowa Public Information Board Director Margaret Johnson (Photo: Photo submitted)
Margaret Johnson, longtime deputy director of the Iowa Public Information Board, was promoted to director. Johnson, in December, was named interim director after Charlie Smithson resigned to take a job working as secretary of the Iowa Senate.
The board Thursday also dismissed a complaint involving records the University of Iowa claimed were confidential because copyright overrides public records law. Documentarian Doug Krejci agreed to drop the complaint after the UI provided them watermarked copies of the records they sought.
The dismissal does nothing, however, to settle the argument: Can a government block public records by claiming copyright exemption? It's possible the issue will return to the board in future complaints, Johnson said.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2vGyHz6
James Fallon is an expert on the minds of psychopaths.
A neuroscientist at the UC Irvine School of Medicine, Fallon (not to be confused with Jimmy Fallon, the popular TV host) first began studying the brains of murderers, rapists, and other criminals in the mid-1990s, when their university got its first PET brain-imaging machine. But they didn't start focusing on this area of research until about 10 years ago, when something happened that made them re-think their entire career focus.
Around 2005, Fallon started to notice a pattern in the scans of some of the criminals who were thought to be psychopaths, which led them to develop a theory: All of them appeared to have low levels of activity in a region of the brain located towards its center at the base of the frontal and temporal lobes. Scientists believe this region, called the orbital cortex, is involved in regulating our emotions and impulses and also plays a role in morality and aggression.
One day, Fallon's technician brought them a stack of brain scans from an unrelated Alzheimer's study. As they were going through the scans of healthy participants, they all looked normal — no surprises. But then they got to the last one.
It looked just like those of the murderers.
The identity of the brains in the scans had deliberately been masked so as not to bias the results. But Fallon couldn't leave it alone. “I said, we've got to check the [source] of that scan,” Fallon recalled recently to Business Insider. “It's probably a psychopath… someone who could be a danger to society.”
Turns out, the image wasn't a scan of just any random participant — it was a scan of their own brain.
James Fallon Brain imaging scans of James Fallon and their family reveal that Fallon's brain shows patterns similar to those seen in murderers.
The makings of a psychopath?
Psychopathy is not recognised as an official disorder, but the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) lumps psychopaths or sociopaths under the term antisocial personality disorder. People with this disorder, it says, exhibit impairments in personality functioning and pathological personality traits. For example, they may be egocentric, manipulative and show a lack of empathy.
In the 1970s, Canadian psychologist Robert Hare developed a 20-question psychopathy checklist as a way to assess whether or not someone is a psychopath based on the presence of specific personality traits and behaviours. A revised version of the test is still widely used, though several analyses of studies suggest it performs no better than chance at predicting violent behaviour.
When Fallon saw that their own scan fit the pattern of brain activity they had found in the psychopaths, they started to question their theory. They thought to himself, “I'm ok, I'm not a bad guy.”
But when they went home and told their wife what had happened — how their brain resembled that of a psychopath, at least according to their theory — they reacted very strangely.
It wasn't that surprising, they said.
But it wasn't just their wife who reacted this way. Friends and colleagues told them the same thing, that they were “kind of not there emotionally,” Fallon recalls. Even their daughter thought so — as a young child, they painted their dad as a “dark figure.” Fallon's psychiatrist friends described things they had done in the past that they said showed a profound lack of empathy (one of the telltale signs of psychopathic tendencies), like skipping a friend's funeral because they thought it might be boring. Their friends and family agreed. “I realised people had been telling me something for years, I just didn't put it together,” Fallon said.
It's important to keep in mind that scientists are still researching psychopathology and they don't have all the answers yet. But they think that people like Fallon have a connection with the world that's very different from others.
According to some of this research, psychopaths understand when there are people in need or in pain, but they don't feel it viscerally the way most people do. As Fallon put it, “I don't get the interpersonal warm and fuzzies.”
So Fallon started looking to their genetics for answers. It turns out they have a gene that's been linked, in several studies, with an increased risk of violent and aggressive behaviour.
The gene is called MAO-A (monoamine oxidase A), and it's pretty controversial — for obvious reasons. Known as a “warrior gene,” it's responsible for making a protein that breaks down certain types of chemical messengers. These messengers control our thinking and behaviour, and the ones that the warrior gene affects include dopamine, noradrenalin and serotonin, which are all linked to our mood.
Nature vs. nurture
Having the gene isn't the be-all-and-end-all determinant of personality, of course: A whole host of factors, including our environment, affect how we turn out as well.
Fallon estimates that for most people, early-life environment has only a partial effect on our development. But a minority of people (he estimates about a quarter of us) are genetically wired to be very sensitive to their early environment. For these people, “if [the brain] sees a hostile world, the only way to survive is to be hostile. If it sees a normal world, it will be normal,” they said.
James Fallon Brain scan showing a normal brain (top) and Fallon's (bottom).
And there's research to back this up: A 2002 study that followed a large group of male children who were maltreated (physically or sexually abused, for example) from birth to adulthood found that the ones who had a particular version of the MAO-A gene grew up to develop antisocial behaviour, whereas those with a different version of the gene did not.
Fallon suspects that someone with this gene who's abused as a child, for example, could be pushed to act on their or their violent or uncaring instincts, says Fallon. By contrast, someone with the same gene who's treated well as a kid could potentially avoid going down that path, they say.
Still, research suggests we should be cautious about linking the MAO-A gene with violent behaviour. While studies reveal that there is a connection between genes and violence, they don't show definitively that having these genes is what makes people violent.
At around the same time that Fallon was discovering these dark sides of himself, they learned that their great-grandfather, Thomas Cornell, had allegedly murdered their mother in 1673. That side of the family also produced half a dozen other alleged murderers, including the infamous Lizzie Borden, a young woman who was tried (and controversially, acquitted) for the brutal axe murders of their father and stepmother in 1892.
While none of this proves that Fallon is a psychopath, “it was like somebody was trying to give me a message,” Fallon said.
A personal trial
For their own part, once Fallon realised they shared some of the genes, brain activity, and behaviours observed in other psychopaths, they decided to do some experimenting in their own life — they began acting really nice and being more conscientious, even though they didn't really want to.
For example, they started doing little things like opening doors for people, and attending events like weddings and funerals, which they had never bothered to do before. Their wife noticed their behaviour and said they liked it, even though they knew it wasn't sincere.
“Maybe if I just acted the part, even if I don't feel it at an emotional level … [it] would be a good place to start, just to be a good companion and a good friend,” Fallon said recently on the storytelling show the Moth. “And so, that's where I am now.”
Fallon found that one side effect of acting nice is that it slowed down their ability to think and talk quickly, because he's constantly asking themselves what a good guy would do. They also find life much more tiring, they said.
Still, the fact Fallon's even making these efforts in spite of themselves suggests that maybe he's a better person than they give themselves credit for.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Staff, CTV Barrie
A man is facing charges after two people and a car were struck by a golf club in Barrie early Thursday morning after the Washington Capitals were eliminated from the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Police got a call around 12:30 a.m. in the area of Rose Street and Newton Streets and spoke to a woman who told officers their boyfriend had been drinking and watching the New York Rangers beat the Washington Capitals 2-1 in overtime.
Police say the woman then said the two began to argue before the man hit them with a golf club.
The woman then ran out of the house followed by the man accusing them of infidelity. When a man stopped to help the woman, the suspect struck them and their vehicle with the golf club.
Police arrested a 43-year-old Barrie man wearing a Washington Capitals jersey and charged them with two counts of an assault with a weapon and mischief under $5,000.
They were taken into police custody and held for a bail hearing.
Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Illinois plans to drop its broadest health insurance plan sold to individuals and families on the Obamacare exchange, raising major concerns with self-employed workers.
In preparation for the third year of enrollment on the exchange, beginning Nov. 1, Chicago-based Blue Cross announced last week that its broadest plan—called the Blue PPO—offered the past two years will no longer be sold on the exchange.
When it comes to insurance plans, PPOs typically allow enrollees to see a broad array of doctors and hospitals compared with more restrictive HMOs.
The Blue PPO being taken off the market had a network that included every hospital in the state, said Blue Cross spokesperson Michael Deering. Those covered by that plan will automatically be switched to a similar plan called the Blue Choice Preferred PPO, which will be expanded in 2016 to include a little more than half of the state's hospitals. Customers can change their health plan during enrollment.
Two of every five Blue Cross customers in Illinois are covered by this broad Blue PPO plan. Those who obtain their coverage through their employers will not be affected by the switch.
More than 350,000 people in Illinois bought an Obamacare plan in the latest enrollment period ended in February.
HICCUP FOR PROVIDERS, CONSUMERS
Nancy Daas, a Chicago-based assistant vice president at insurance broker Cottingham & Butler, said few if any of Blue Cross' competitors on the exchange offer such broad plans. The insurer, the biggest in Illinois, doesn't need it to compete.
Daas added that the loss of this plan likely will cause a hiccup for some providers and consumers. It will force them to make business decisions and potentially shop around for new insurance, but that is the point of the exchange.
“The marketplace was intended for that kind of comparison,” they said. “When there is a disruption like this in terms of the network, this is the time when you should definitely be looking at all of the options available.”
The Illinois exchange sprung from the Affordable Care Act. It launched in 2013, aiming to create a competitive online marketplace where consumers and small businesses could shop for health insurance. This year, consumers could choose frommore than 400 plans sold from eight companies.
Georgette Le Page is one of those consumers. They chose the Blue PPO as their coverage plan because, as a cancer survivor, they wanted a wide network. (Deering could not confirm which hospitals will be included in the expanded Blue Choice network.)
But Le Page isn't just concerned about herself.  They are a self-employed therapist, and many of their patients at Skokie-based Counseling Center for Emotional Growth are also covered by the broad Blue PPO. They said she's worried they would be paid less for treating patients covered under the new plan.
“I'll have to decide whether I want to accept Blue Choice . . . and at this point I'm pretty booked, so it's a conflict,” Le Page said.
Other small-business owners and those who are self-employed share them concerns.
Deering said Blue Cross wants to nix its broadest PPO plan because the cost for customers is too high.
“That broad PPO network was just not sustainable at its current price,” they said. “It's sort of our duty as the insurer that was first in and all in to the exchange marketplace to make sure that we keep the 'affordable' in the Affordable Care Act.”
Pricing for the two plans varies greatly depending on age, geography and other factors. As an example, a 27-year-old adult in Cook County pays a monthly premium of $251.63 for the broad Blue PPO plan, compared with $172.41 for the Blue Choice PPO.
The federal government has to approve Blue Cross' proposed changes.
This story has been updated to correct its description of the customers who will be affected by the changes in coverage.
After catching heat from rank and file conservative members for not proposing enough spending cuts, Republican leaders want a do-over.
House appropriators have delayed until at least Friday the introduction of new spending legislation, to cut deeper than they'd originally planned.
“After meeting with my subcommittee Chairs, we have determined that the [spending resolution] can and will reach a total of $100 billion in cuts compared to the President's request immediately — fully meeting the goal outlined in the Republican ‘Pledge to America' in one fell swoop,” said Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers (R-KY) in a statement to reporters Thursday. “Our intent is to make deep but manageable cuts in nearly every area of government, leaving no stone unturned and allowing no agency or program to be held sacred. I have instructed my committee to include these deeper cuts, and we are continuing to work to complete this critical legislation.”Rogers is having a little fun with the math here. Cutting $100 billion from amount President Obama requested last year is a lot different than cutting $100 billion from current spending — which is significantly below what the White House wanted.
But it's still a lot more than originally anticipated. House Budget chairperson Paul Ryan set spending limits at about $32 billion below current spending, or about $74 billion below the total spending Obama asked for last year.
That suggests Rogers and the GOP leadership will introduce spending legislation that would, if enacted, cut over $50 billion almost immediately.
A few cautionary notes. First, if these individual cuts go over and beyond what Democrats and establishment Republicans are willing to stomach; second, there will be a somewhat open debate on the legislation; and third, the House could pare them back.
And, of course, there's the Senate. Last week, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) said even Ryan's overall spending limit was unacceptably low. So they're going to have to contend with a Democratic Senate that won't support cuts this deep.
At an event with union officials and workers Thursday morning, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) addressed the tensions within the GOP that are causing these hiccups.
“We were told by the majority that this would be on their website this morning,” Pelosi said. “Now because of the disarray in the Republican party, and this is only one manifestation of it, they will be taking another day. I think what they're finding out is that it's easier to talk about cutting than it is to actually do it.”
On the one hand, there are the die-hards who are unconvinced of their leadership's commitment to spending cuts, health care repeal and more. And then there are others, who are nervous about health care over-reaching, without having a positive agenda. Those two poles are hard to balance.
“They said $100 [billion] they came down to $50 now it's $35,” Pelosi said. “Well the people who like the sound of $100 are demanding more.”
House of Commons commission says plans to silence London landmark for renovation work will go ahead despite PM's objection
Parliamentary officials have issued a defiant statement saying plans to silence Big Ben for renovation work will go ahead, after Theresa May criticised proposals to silence the chimes for the next four years.
Officials said the decision to stop the bell tolling until 2021 as part of the restoration of the Elizabeth Tower was agreed by three separate parliamentary committees in 2015. MPs were reportedly unaware that this would involve the clock being silenced for four years, double the length of time being taken to negotiate Brexit.
The House of Commons commission, however, said it had heard the concerns of MPs. “In light of concerns expressed by a number of MPs, the House of Commons commission will consider the length of time that the bells will fall silent,” it said.
Speaking at an event in Portsmouth on their first day back at work after their summer holiday, the prime minister said the Speaker, John Bercow, should review the decision urgently. “Of course we want to ensure people's safety at work but it can't be right for Big Ben to be silent for four years,” they said.
“And I hope that the Speaker, as the chairperson of the House of Commons commission, will look into this urgently so that we can ensure that we can continue to hear Big Ben through those four years.”
The commission, the administrative body that runs the Commons, had already announced a review of the decision to silence the bongs, which has been criticised particularly strongly in conservative papers such as the Daily Mail and the Daily Telegraph.
Ringing endorsement: which bells could stand in for Big Ben? Read more
In a statement on parliament's website following the prime minister's intervention, the commission said: “Starting and stopping Big Ben is a complex and lengthy process. The striking hammer is locked and the bells can then be disconnected from the clock mechanism. The weights are lowered within the weight shaft to the base of the tower and secured in a safe position. The whole process takes around half a day to complete.
“Following a thorough assessment, experts have concluded that it would not be practical or a good use of public money to start and stop the bells each day, particularly as we cannot fully predict the times that staff will be working on this project.”
Any new discussions with MPs about the length of time the bells will fall silent will “focus on undertaking the work efficiently, protecting the health and safety of those involved, and seeking to ensure resumption of normal service as soon as is practicable given those requirements”, the statement said.
“The bells will cease to ring, as planned, following the chimes at noon on Monday 21 August.”
The plan is for Big Ben to continue to chime on special occasions such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday, but some MPs have complained the clock is being decommissioned for far too long. David Davis, the Brexit secretary, reportedly described the plans as mad.
The Liberal Democrat MP Tom Brake, a spokesperson for the commission, said on Tuesday: “I have asked whether someone can do some work working out what the costings and the practicality of ringing more frequently would be.
“It would not be possible for them to continue to be rung every 15 minutes as is currently the case, that would not be practical, but it may be perhaps practical and it may be financially viable to ring them more frequently than is currently being proposed.”
Brake confirmed that when the restoration plans were approved MPs did not know the full ramifications for the operation of Big Ben.
The project will involve extensive repairs to the whole clock towerand the dismantling and restoration of the clock. The 13.5-tonne bell will not be removed but it will be checked for cracks.
One reason given for the silencing of the clock was to protect the hearing of workers , prompting complaints in the press about health and safety overkill. The TUC released a statement this week saying protecting workers from a 120-decibel sound was “just plain common sense”.
The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, said they were sad about the silencing of the clock, but that it was clear the work was needed and safety should be a priority.
“I've been listening to Big Ben for many years and I'll certainly miss it, so if we can have a … some kind of playing of Big Ben's sound would be a very good idea,” they told LBC. “Or we could have bells from all over the country played at various points.
“I hope Big Ben comes back, but obviously, people working right alongside that wonderful, massive bell need to be protected as well and so their safety, their working conditions and their health must come first, and so if we have to miss Big Ben in reality for a while so that work can be done, well, that's something we have to go through. It's not a national disaster or catastrophe.”
The Labour MP Chris Bryant, who sits on the Palace of Westminster's restoration committee, said they were astonished at the reaction to a plan which they said the prime minister and cabinet had known about for years.
“I'm mystified at the idiocy of some people. It was always going to be four years because 2021 is when we are scheduled to move out of parliament for the restoration work,” they said. “The work is urgently needed on the glass, which is in danger of falling off and on the mechanics of the clock itself.
“How anybody could think that this work could take place without the bell being silent, I cannot comprehend. Anyone who read the papers and didn't realise this would mean the bell would be ongoing doesn't deserve to be anywhere near any other major decision.”
Bryant said they spoke personally to May last summer when they discussed the fact that Big Ben would be silenced. “She didn't demur then,” they said. They also pointed out that the bell had been silenced on several previous occasions, including during the first world war, and suggested using another bell toll such as Great Tom in Oxford for the BBC.
“My worry is that we will make the same mistake as the past restoration of the Palace of Westminster, which was overcomplicated and delayed by decades because of interventions by politicians,” they said.
Lorning Profile Blog Joined April 2011 Belgica 34096 Posts #1
Prime Terran player Joo Jin Hyuk, better known as , has retired.  They are most famously known for beating Stork in Proleague.
eins had a 1 - 2 record in PL and was close to qualifying for WCS KR multiple times.
http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/Eins
Their victory against Stork
Article in Korean:
+ Show Spoiler + http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=141229&db=issue&page=1&field=&kwrd=
Prime Terran player Joo Jin Hyuk, better known as eins , has retired.  They are most famously known for beating Stork in Proleague.eins had a 1 - 2 record in PL and was close to qualifying for WCS KR multiple times.Article in Korean: Community News
MrMotionPicture Profile Joined May 2010 United States 4327 Posts #2 Prime needs some new people.
How about that Byun guy? "Elvis Presley" | Ret was looking at my post in the GSL video by Artosis. | MMA told me I look like Juanfran while we shared an elevator with Scarlett
AWalker9 Profile Blog Joined August 2013 United Kingdom 7226 Posts #3 Supernova would be pretty good soOjwa has returned to smite all that stand in their way
Lorning Profile Blog Joined April 2011 Belgica 34096 Posts #4 On May 28 2014 02:07 MrMotionPicture wrote:
Prime needs some new people.
How about that Byun guy?
Need to find them first then ;; Need to find them first then ;; Community News
Fusilero Profile Blog Joined July 2011 United Kingdom 29309 Posts #5 I have a new theory, marineking is actually killing off prime terrans. Maru escaped to jin air, byun's deader than SC2 and now eins is gone and has "retired". Watch out salvation, you're next. Glorious SEA doto
Shellshock Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 94972 Posts #6 On May 28 2014 02:10 Fusilero wrote:
I have a new theory, marineking is actually killing off prime terrans. Maru escaped to jin air, byun's deader than SC2 and now eins is gone and has "retired". Watch out salvation, you're next.
Polt evicted. Maka mia Polt evicted. Maka mia Moderator http://i.imgur.com/U4xwqmD.png
JanDe Profile Joined March 2011 Serbia 1248 Posts #7
User was temp banned for this post. I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
KatatoniK Profile Blog Joined October 2013 United Kingdom 978 Posts #8 On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
Noname? Einsjwa beat Stork in ProLeague once.
Noname? Einsjwa beat Stork in ProLeague once. Flying on the Jin Air hype plane. Lets go Maru, Rogue, sOs and the handsome CJ herO
Steelo_Rivers Profile Blog Joined January 2011 United States 1964 Posts #9 On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
All players in the community are important. Question is, why should we care about a comment from a no name as yourself? All players in the community are important. Question is, why should we care about a comment from a no name as yourself? ok
Xiphos Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Canada 7500 Posts #10 On May 28 2014 02:50 KatatoniK wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
Noname? Einsjwa beat Stork in ProLeague once.
Noname? Einsjwa beat Stork in ProLeague once.
Well Stork isn't exactly the creme of the creme in SC2. Well Stork isn't exactly the creme of the creme in SC2. 2014 - ᕙ( •̀ل͜•́) ϡ Raise your bows brood warriors! ᕙ( •̀ل͜•́) ϡ
GodOfWarAReS Profile Blog Joined February 2012 Germany 105 Posts Last Edited: 2014-05-27 18:15:20 #11 On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
kinda agree, but not because eins doesnt deserve a retirement/goodbye thread. It's just that everytime a progamer retires, even if they havent had that huge of an impact to the scene so many people blame sc2 for the retirement and suddenly It's no longer a goodbye thread, its about flaming starcraft itself. and yes always seeing these retirement threads pop up is really kinda annoying. I mean we dont have a thread for every player going pro either. so that would be a really nice idea to complement all the negative talk about retirement thats really hurting starcraft
kinda agree, but not because eins doesnt deserve a retirement/goodbye thread. It's just that everytime a progamer retires, even if they havent had that huge of an impact to the scene so many people blame sc2 for the retirement and suddenly It's no longer a goodbye thread, its about flaming starcraft itself. and yes always seeing these retirement threads pop up is really kinda annoying. I mean we dont have a thread for every player going pro either. so that would be a really nice idea to complement all the negative talk about retirement thats really hurting starcraft
Connor987 Profile Joined September 2011 United Kingdom 101 Posts #12 On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
This, alot of these people arent even competing at nearly a high level anymore, its asif TL just wants to make us depressed =[ This, alot of these people arent even competing at nearly a high level anymore, its asif TL just wants to make us depressed =[
Lorning Profile Blog Joined April 2011 Belgica 34096 Posts #13 On May 28 2014 03:16 Connor987 wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
This, alot of these people arent even competing at nearly a high level anymore, its asif TL just wants to make us depressed =[ This, alot of these people arent even competing at nearly a high level anymore, its asif TL just wants to make us depressed =[
I made this cause one of my favorite players on my favorite team decides to retire. I just want to give them all the attention they deserve before they leave forever. I made this cause one of my favorite players on my favorite team decides to retire. I just want to give them all the attention they deserve before they leave forever. Community News
ACrow Profile Joined October 2011 Germany 6578 Posts #14 On May 28 2014 03:17 Lorning wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 28 2014 03:16 Connor987 wrote:
On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
This, alot of these people arent even competing at nearly a high level anymore, its asif TL just wants to make us depressed =[ This, alot of these people arent even competing at nearly a high level anymore, its asif TL just wants to make us depressed =[
I made this cause one of my favorite players on my favorite team decides to retire. I just want to give them all the attention they deserve before they leave forever. I made this cause one of my favorite players on my favorite team decides to retire. I just want to give them all the attention they deserve before they leave forever.
He'll always remain the number eins in our hearts. He'll always remain the number eins in our hearts. Get off my lawn, young punks
boxerfred Profile Blog Joined December 2012 Germany 8329 Posts #15
+ Show Spoiler + apart from banter, i really wish them good luck in their future. was fun to see them appear in proleague! #primeded
vult Profile Blog Joined February 2012 United States 8779 Posts #16
Prime is looking in bad shape now. No eins!Prime is looking in bad shape now. Polt plz come back
TaShadan Profile Joined February 2010 Germany 1938 Posts #17 On May 28 2014 02:46 JanDe wrote:
I dunno why we have to know for each retirement, especially for this kind of noname's
User was temp banned for this post.
I like to read this news. I like to read this news. Total Annihilation Zero http://www.moddb.com/mods/total-annihilation-zero
Mudkipnick Profile Blog Joined May 2012 Korea (North) 237 Posts #18 Sad to see... Follow your dreams
Vandrad Profile Joined November 2011 Germany 950 Posts #19 Their whole liquipedia page:
As of May 29, 2013, eins has been listed as part of Prime's player roster.
On May 27, 2014, their retirement was announced.
Anyways gl to them in the future, although I never knew him.
And who are you, the proud lord said, that I must bow so low?
Psychobabas Profile Blog Joined March 2006 United Kingdom 2501 Posts #20 Never heard of the guy to be honest. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bzlsFfIahY
1 2 Next All
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 14, 2014, 7:05 PM GMT / Updated May 15, 2014, 7:59 PM GMT
Brazilian police have put together security guidelines for visitors traveling to the World Cup next month, including advice to tourists not to scream if robbed.
“Don't fight, scream or argue,” advises a brochure filled with World Cup safety tips compiled by the São Paulo police that will be published in four different languages, Brazilian newspaper Estadao de São Paulo first reported.
The U.S. Department of State warns that crime such as armed robbery in Brazil is "a major concern — especially in the larger cities" such as Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo, two of the 12 World Cup host cities.
Brazil expects around 3.7 million tourists during the World Cup, including nearly 2 million coming specifically to attend matches and fan events June 12 to July 13. Of that number, Brazil plans that an estimated 600,000 foreign tourists will visit.
“I haven't heard about the ‘don't scream' advice but can tell you it's probably solid advice,” said Kevin Raub, a São Paulo-based writer and author of the Rio chapter in the latest Lonely Planet "South America on a Shoestring" travel guide.
“People have been killed over a backpack and others have been killed simply out of frustration when the thieves couldn't get what they wanted. It's best not to antagonize them whatsoever,” said Raub.
They also agree with advice not to carry anything valuable, especially at the beach.
“Rio has seen an increase of something called ‘arrastão,' which means ‘big sweep.' A wave of thieves lines up along the sand and rob everyone in a lightning quick operation that is in and out before beachgoers or police can even blink.”
Raub also suggests not taking out a phone or a camera in large crowds.
“Rio's pickpockets, called ‘rats' locally, make David Copperfield look like a lame magician. Your phone will be gone before you can say ‘abracadabra' and you won't even know until the next time you reach in your pocket for it.”
Their best advice for travelers? Pay attention to surroundings and use common sense.
"Brazilians are friendly and most people will be willing to help you if you ask for directions or need to find out anything at all."
"The chances of something bad happening to you in Rio are slim, and during the World Cup security precautions will be on overdrive," Raub added.
And most Brazilians are willing to help out tourists, said Jill Siegel, owner of South American Escapes. “Brazilians are friendly and most people will be willing to help you if you ask for directions or need to find out anything at all.”
To avoid calling attention to yourself, Siegel advises, don't wear jewelry or gold chains and don't walk around unfamiliar streets or the beach at night. “And wear an obviously inexpensive watch, such as a plastic one.”
They also advise visitors to Rio to “stick to taxis” because on public buses, it's easy to get on the wrong line, and some areas of the suburbs in the North Zone can be dangerous for foreigners. And visitors should be cautious in traffic.
“Buses are crazy,” said Mark Koelen, who works with Rio Football Tour. “They drive too fast in narrow streets and any sudden movement by a visitor who is not accustomed to this is simply fatal.”
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also recommends bringing a first-aid kit filled with over-the-counter medicines, using insect repellant to help avoid dengue, which is carried by mosquitos in Brazil, drinking bottled water and avoiding unprotected sex.
Information from The Associated Press was included in this report.
Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the occurrence of in utero defecation as a normal function in the human fetus. Study Design: The anuses of 240 fetuses were studied sonographically between weeks 15 and 41 of gestation. Fetal defecation was defined as the expulsion of rectal contents through the anus into the amniotic fluid. The diameter and area of the anus were measured sonographically at times of maximum anal aperture. Results: One or more defecations were documented in all fetuses. The frequency of defecations was highest between week 28 and 34 of gestation. Conclusion: This study confirms that defecation in utero is a normal function and supports the view that the evacuation of rectal contents into the amniotic fluid is no departure from normal fetal physiologic behavior. (Am J Obstet Gynecol 2003;188:153-6.)
Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Rep. Shelley Moore Capito wants West Virginians to know she's a defender of community banks. From their seat on the House Financial Services Committee, Capito argues, they have protected small local financial institutions from the overreach of aggressive regulators.
Among their biggest supporters, however, are the biggest banks in the world.
Capito, a Republican, is running for the West Virginia U.S. Senate seat that's being vacated by Sen. Jay Rockefeller after 30 years.
Advertisement
They count Citigroup and Goldman Sachs among their most generous campaign donors.
“She's a reliable vote for all things Wall Street,” said Dennis Kelleher, president and CEO of Better Markets, a nonpartisan group that advocates for increased market oversight of financial institutions.
Capito is part of the “Congressional Banking Caucus,” a group of lawmakers identified by the Center for Public Integrity as especially solicitous to the banking industry. They are all members of the House Financial Services Committee and have been the recipients of generous campaign support from financial services company employees and political action committees. The other members of the group are Financial Services Committee Chairman and Texas Republican Rep. Jeb Hensarling, New Jersey Republican Rep. Scott Garrett, Wisconsin Republican Rep. Sean Duffy, Connecticut Democratic Rep. Jim Himes, Missouri Republican Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, New York Democratic Rep. Gregory Meeks, California Republican Rep. Ed Royce, Georgia Democratic Rep. David Scott, Ohio Republican Rep. Steve Stivers, and Missouri Republican Rep. Ann Wagner.
The group has been central to efforts led by Hensarling to undo many of the financial reforms enacted in the Dodd-Frank law of 2010. At least 30 bills have been proposed to the House during the 113th Congress, aimed at chipping away at aspects of Dodd-Frank. Members of the banking caucus sponsored or co-sponsored 20 of those laws. At least 21 have been referred to the House Financial Services Committee and three have been passed to the Senate.
Advertisement
Since the Center for Public Integrity published a report on these lawmakers in April, their efforts to reshape the regulatory landscape have continued.
Luetkemeyer, for example, has proposed several bills to limit the power of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the new consumer regulator created by Dodd-Frank, which they blame for raising costs to consumers and driving small banks out of business.
“There's a consolidation going on out there right now and it's a result not necessarily of the market but a result of regulation,” they said at a June event, sponsored by Politico and the Independent Community Bankers of America. “This is having the reverse effect of what actually was the intention of Dodd-Frank, which was to protect the consumers.”
Himes, who spent 12 years at Goldman Sachs before running for office, is often at odds with Hensarling while still looking to protect Wall Street firms from regulatory overreach.
Advertisement
“He will continue to push back against attempts to undermine key protections established by Dodd-Frank while reviewing the law's unintended consequences,” their spokesperson Kevin Garrahan, said.
None of the other members or their representatives responded to requests for comment on the committee's work.
Capito is the only member of the caucus who is leaving their House seat in a bid for the Senate and is the only one in a competitive race. All the other members of the group are rated by the Cook Political Report as having safe seats, except for Duffy, whose district “leans Republican” according to the nonpartisan political analyst.
That means their financial benefactors—from megabanks to mortgage bankers to payday lenders—can continue to count on these lawmakers to push through their agendas and protect them from excessive regulation.
Advertisement
Capito has defended themselves against criticism by their opponent, West Virginia Secretary of State Natalie Tennant, that she's too cozy with the banking industry. In an Oct. 7 debate, Capito acknowledged that they voted against limiting bonuses for executives of banks that had received taxpayer bailouts. But, they said they also voted against the $700 billion bank bailout approved by Congress in 2008. They said their support of the banking industry is meant to help small, local banks.
The political action committees of Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, and Bank of New York Mellon are among Capito's top 20 donors.
“I'm going to defend the West Virginia community banks and the West Virginia credit unions. We need to have a full financial system here in the state that doesn't include big banks, that includes the ability to get a car, to get a mortgage.” they said.
Still, some of their most ardent supporters are the biggest financial institutions on Wall Street. The employees and political action committees of Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, and Bank of New York Mellon are among the top 20 donors to Capito's Senate run, according to data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics. They also have the support of many energy companies.
Amy Graham, a spokesperson for Capito's campaign, declined to respond to questions for this story.
Advertisement
Capito is not among the top recipients of contributions from the Independent Community Bankers of America, the lobbying group that represents small banks across the country. The group contributed $5,000 to their Senate effort, just a quarter of what it donated to their fellow “Banking Caucus” member, Luetkemeyer.
Capito has been an ally of community banks. Late last year, they led the House opposition to a proposed regulation that would have required community banks to get rid of certain investments, a move that would have cost several of the banks' profits. They and Hensarling first wrote a letter to regulators asking them to reconsider the rule, and followed up by filing legislation that would reverse it. Regulators responded and announced Jan. 15 that the new regulation would not apply to smaller banks.
But Capito's activism also benefits the banking giants who have been among their greatest supporters. Capito, who chairs the subcommittee that oversees consumer lending and finance companies, is married to a banker who has worked for Wells Fargo and Citigroup. “One characteristic of their bills is that they do include community banks, but they would also help much larger banks,” said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition of groups that advocate for financial reforms that help consumers.
Stanley cites, as an example, a Capito proposal to limit regulators' powers in bank examinations and create an ombudsman where banks can take complaints about their regulators examinations. The American Bankers Association, which represents all banks including community banks and megabanks, has lobbied for this bill.
“This is definitely something that community banks are asking for, but it's not limited to community banks. It would greatly benefit Wall Street banks,” Stanley said.
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Random Forests
Ahmed El Deeb Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 17, 2015
It's very common for machine learning practitioners to have favorite algorithms. It's a bit irrational, since no algorithm strictly dominates in all applications, the performance of ML algorithms varies wildly depending on the application and the dimensionality of the dataset. And even for a given problem and a given dataset, any single model will likely be beaten by an ensemble of diverse models trained by diverse algorithms anyway. But people have favorites nevertheless. Some like SVMs for the elegance of their formulation or the quality of the available implementations, some like decision rules for their simplicity and interpretability, and some are crazy about neural networks for their flexibility.
My favorite out-of-the-box algorithm is (as you might have guessed) the Random Forest, and it's the second modeling technique I typically try on any given data set (after a linear model).
Here's why:
Random Forests require almost no input preparation. They can handle binary features, categorical features, numerical features without any need for scaling.
They can handle binary features, categorical features, numerical features without any need for scaling. Random Forests perform implicit feature selection and provide a pretty good indicator of feature importance.
and provide a pretty good indicator of feature importance. Random Forests are very quick to train. It's a stroke of brilliance when a performance optimization happens to enhance model precision, or vice versa. The random feature sub-setting that aims at diversifying individual trees, is at the same time a great performance optimization! Tuning down the fraction of features that is considered at any given node can let you easily work on datasets with thousands of features. (The same is applicable for row sampling if your dataset has lots of rows)
It's a stroke of brilliance when a performance optimization happens to enhance model precision, or vice versa. The random feature sub-setting that aims at diversifying individual trees, is at the same time a great performance optimization! Tuning down the fraction of features that is considered at any given node can let you easily work on datasets with thousands of features. (The same is applicable for row sampling if your dataset has lots of rows) Random Forests are pretty tough to beat. Although you can typically find a model that beats RFs for any given dataset (typically a neural net or some boosting algorithm), it's never by much, and it usually takes much longer to build and tune said model than it took to build the Random Forest. This is why they make for excellent benchmark models.
Although you can typically find a model that beats RFs for any given dataset (typically a neural net or some boosting algorithm), it's never by much, and it usually takes much longer to build and tune said model than it took to build the Random Forest. This is why they make for excellent benchmark models. It's really hard to build a bad Random Forest! Since random forests are not very sensitive to the specific hyper-parameters used, they don't require a lot of tweaking and fiddling to get a decent model, just use a large number of trees and things won't go terribly awry. Most Random Forest implementations have sensible defaults for the rest of the parameters.
Since random forests are not very sensitive to the specific hyper-parameters used, they don't require a lot of tweaking and fiddling to get a decent model, just use a large number of trees and things won't go terribly awry. Most Random Forest implementations have sensible defaults for the rest of the parameters. Versatility. Random Forest are applicable to a wide variety of modeling tasks, they work well for regression tasks, work very well for classification taks(and even produce decently calibrated probability scores), and even though I've never tried it myself, they can be used for cluster analysis.
Random Forest are applicable to a wide variety of modeling tasks, they work well for regression tasks, work very well for classification taks(and even produce decently calibrated probability scores), and even though I've never tried it myself, they can be used for cluster analysis. Simplicity. If not of the resulting model, then of the learning algorithm itself. The basic RF learning algorithm can be written in a few lines of code. There's a certain irony about that. But a sense of elegance as well.
If not of the resulting model, then of the learning algorithm itself. The basic RF learning algorithm can be written in a few lines of code. There's a certain irony about that. But a sense of elegance as well. Lots of excellent, free, and open-source implementations. You can find a good implementation in almost all major ML libraries and toolkits. R, scikit-learn and Weka jump to mind for having exceptionally good implementations.
You can find a good implementation in almost all major ML libraries and toolkits. R, scikit-learn and Weka jump to mind for having exceptionally good implementations. As if all of that is not enough, Random Forests can be easily grown in parallel. The same cannot be said about boosted models or large neural networks.
This beautiful visualization from scikit-learn illustrates the modelling capacity of a decision forest:
Visualization from scikit-learn.org illustrating decision boundaries and modeling capacity of a single decision tree, a random forest and some other techniques.
Drawbacks?
The main drawback of Random Forests is the model size. You could easily end up with a forest that takes hundreds of megabytes of memory and is slow to evaluate.
Another point that some might find a concern is that random forest models are black boxes that are very hard to interpret.
Some References:
Here's a paper by Leo Breiman, the inventor of the algorithms describing random forests.
Here's another amazing paper by Rich Caruana et al. evaluating several supervised learning algorithms on many different datasets.
Both remaining choices -- a standalone white WiiU console and one bundled with Splatoon -- post disclaimers noting the systems won't be around much longer. According to Kotaku's translation: "The text reads, 近日生産終了予定 (kinjitsu seisan shuuryou yotei), which means, "Production is scheduled to end soon." After that, the announcement reads "within Japan" (日本国内 or Nihon kokunai)." Whether that means the company will still roll out WiiU consoles in other regions is also unclear.
As Eurogamer points out, ceasing "production" could mean a lot of things: The last system rolling off the assembly line, or the last one boxed up, or the last one shipped out the door. What it does mean is an official nail in the coffin for a quality game console that missed with consumers, thanks in part to Nintendo's faulty marketing. All that's left for the WiiU to do is run out the clock until the Switch is released in March 2017.
For the better part of a decade, Takeru Kobayashi of Japan was the unofficial king of July 4th: their ability to eat nausea-inducing numbers of hot dogs at the annual hot dog eating contest at Coney Island drove spectators and, eventually, live nationally-televised coverage of the event. But since 2010, Kobayashi has been barred from the stage as part of a labor dispute with Major League Eating (MLE), which both organizes the contest and, in Kobayaski's words, “owns” the eaters. And, for the first time, they opened up to SB Nation's Amy Nelson about the terms of the contract that ended their association with the League.
It was major news in competitive eating circles when Kobayashi was barred from the 2010 Coney Island event in what both sides acknowledged was a contract dispute. Kobayashi, whose skills at overeating almost anything had all but made them a household name, didn't want to be beholden to MLE for a whole year's worth of eating and endorsements just for the right to compete at Coney Island. Richard Shea of the MLE declared the exclusivity part of the contract non-negotiable and told the New York Daily News, “His saying this is like Tom Brady saying he'd like to be in the Super Bowl, but not in the NFL.” When Kobayashi nonetheless attended the 2010 contest and responded to fans' chants to take the stage, they were arrested.
Shea told SB Nation's Nelson that MLE offered Kobayashi a $25,000 contract for four events, with up to $100,000 if they won — but that “Any prize monies awarded by the holder of the event would be recouped by MLE.” In other words, Kobayashi would be held under an exclusive contract by the MLE, limited to 4 events and, if the prize money they won from those events totaled more than $100,000, MLE would keep the remains.
Kobayashi objected, and wanted only to be contractually obligated to the Coney Island contest, leaving them free to compete, judge or endorse products as they saw fit. Instead, MLE offered them a $40,000 contract covering July 4, 2010 – July 4, 2011, restricting their rights to participate in any other competitive eating event or exhibition in any way, shape or form or endorse anything not mandated by the MLE — effectively, heavily restricting their yearly income to $20,000 for the remainder of 2010 and $20,000 for the first half of 2011. That is the contract Kobayashi rejected, which ended their participation in the MLE.
Kobayashi said, “My belief is that the organization that produces the event cannot be the same agency that also owns the athletes.” They added, “My belief is that there should be a body governing the contest, that each eater should belong to their own agent or their own agencies. The same organizing people cannot be the same body organizing the eaters.”
Last year, in a competing July 4th hot dog eating contest in Manhattan, Kobyashi ate 69 hot dogs even as the official title-holder Joey Chestnut (whose record stands at 66) only put away 62. This year, Kobayashi is hosting (and competing) this year in the Crif Dog Classic, eating the locally-renowned hot dogs with other competitors in Brooklyn.
Watch the interview with Kobayashi, first broadcast by SB Nation on July 3, 2012, below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Terrorists killed 38 people and injured 166 in two bombings outside a football stadium in Istanbul on Saturday night.
Riot police were targeted outside Beşiktaş's Vodafone Arena Stadium with a car bomb at around 10.20pm.
A second attack 45 seconds later saw a suicide bomber blow themselves up in Maçka Park just across from the stadium.
Twenty-seven police officers and two civilians were killed in the attacks, which came 90 minutes after Besiktas had taken on Bursaspor.
No fans were injured in the blasts.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
Police detailed 10 suspects over the bombings.
Eyewitness Omer Yilmiz said: "It was like hell
"The flames went all the way up to the sky. I was drinking tea at the cafe next to the mosque.
"People ducked under the tables, women began crying. Football fans drinking tea at the cafe sought shelter, it was horrible."
(Image: @News_Executive/Twitter)
(Image: @rhiztan/Twitter)
A Reuters photographer at the scene said many riot police officers were seriously wounded, as dramatic pictures show the aftermath of the devastating blasts.
Ambulances and fire engines were called to both of the scenes, as a fire broke out outside the stadium.
Police cordoned off traffic outside the area as further police arrived to deal with the incident
The blast was caught on camera by a number of people on Twitter, including young men playing guitar in a park miles away from the blast.
(Image: @News_Executive/Twitter)
(Image: @News_Executive/Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Footage from a live TV sports broadcast shows the stadium explosion going off in the background making the presenters jump with fright.
The video shows the man talking to a television studio during a live cross to the Turkish football show Top Sizde tonight.
The program appears to be analysing the match at the Vodafone Arena stadium earlier this evening between Besiktas and Bursaspor.
Right in the middle of the discussion an explosion rings out behind them, as the men on screen panic and flee.
(Image: RT)
(Image: @periscope News/Twitter)
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
According to Reuters, fans from the game had already dispersed when the explosion took place.
Turkish soccer team Bursaspor said none of its fans appeared to have been injured.
"We have contacted our fan groups. There appear to be no injuries among our fans. We wish injured citizens a quick recovery," Bursaspor said in a statement on its Twitter account.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the explosion appeared to have been caused by a car bomb targeting a riot police bus.
Former first lady Barbara Bush said Friday that they don't understand how women can vote for Donald Trump after their attacks on Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly.
Mrs. Bush sat alongside their son, Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush, in an interview on “CBS This Morning,” where the two attacked Mr. Trump as misogynistic and vulgar after they recently used the word “s–” onstage during a campaign rally.
“I don't think a president would have ever shouted profanities in a speech in front of thousands of people with kids in the crowd. They do it all the time,” said Mr. Bush, the former governor of Florida.
“Yes, I mean unbelievable,” Mrs. Bush responded.
Their mother lambasted Mr. Trump for their ongoing attacks Ms. Kelly, including comments widely interpreted as referring to their menstrual cycle, Reuters reported.
“I don't know how women can vote for someone who said what they said about Megyn Kelly,” Mrs. Bush said. “It's terrible. And we knew what they meant, too.”
Jeb Bush also attacked rival Marco Rubio as lacking experience.
“We are electing a president, not a back-bencher in the United States Senate, so you better be ready to lead. You better be ready and have the experience of making a tough decision,” they told CBS. “There are people running who are gifted orators. But they've never done anything in their life that would lead to believe they can make a tough decision.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
CRONULLA veteran Paul Gallen has revealed they plan to play on in the NRL until the end of 2017.
The NSW skipper will be 35 years old when the 2017 season kicks off, and 36 when it finishes, but is determined to squeeze two more years out of their career.
“As long as I keep playing well I'd like to play again in 2017,” Gallen told sportingnews.com.
“It's Cronulla's 50th year in the competition and I'd like to be part of that.”
The 2016 season will be Gallen's 16th in the NRL, and if all goes to plan they will retire with at least 17 seasons under their belt.
NRL Summer Series begins next Tuesday night with a one-hour special presentation. Greg Alexander, Braith Anasta and Michael Ennis decide on Fox Sports' Team of the Year of 2015. Hosted by Andrew Voss — Tuesday, 8:30pm, Fox Sports 501.
When their last contract expired this year the negotiations to extend their stay in the Shire were protracted as both parties played a tug-of-war with details and clauses.
It got to the point of Gallen threatening to walk away from the Sharks, who they have played with their entire career.
“My manager's meeting with the club next week to try to finalise things or I'll have to consider other options, but certainly my main priority is to stay at Cronulla,” they said in July.
Gallen eventually penned a one-year deal, and it was widely considered 2016 would be their last season in Australia.
Cronulla coach Shane Flanagan admitted in June they were frustrated by the number of club games Gallen had missed through injury and unavailability in past years.
The Blues forward played just nine games for the Sharks in 2014, and a total of 57 over the past four seasons.
WALK OUT:The insult James Roberts couldn't take
Flanagan also declared Gallen wouldn't be playing Origin past 2015, which the latter was openly disappointed with.
“I have done everything I can for the club,” Gallen told Fairfax Media.
“Part of the reason some of the players have come to the club, guys like Luke Lewis, Wade Graham and Chris Heighington, is because I was there and I don't have that profile unless I am NSW captain, unless I am playing rep football.”
Image caption The legislation has sparked debate on campuses across California
The governor of California, Jerry Brown, has signed into law legislation allowing illegal immigrants to receive state aid to attend college.
Supporters of the California Dream Act, as it is called, say it will benefit the state economically.
However, critics argue that it condones entry into the US without proper documentation.
About 2,500 students are expected to qualify for grants under the new legislation.
Governor Brown, a Democrat, said the law would benefit the state by giving top students a chance to improve their lives and, they said, "the lives of all of us".
But, in a state with a huge immigrant population, critics say the law encourages the illegal immigration by granting access to state resources previously reserved for legal residents.
Opponents of the law add that it should not have been passed without major overhaul of America's immigration rules.
California's last governor, the Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger, refused to sign the legislation.
Former Borussia Dortmund head coach Jürgen Klopp will be returning to Germany early in the 2017/18 season. The season before last, they overcome their former club in the Europa League: next up is Julian Nagelsmann's Hoffenheim, and the German knows there can be no room for error.
Click here for live build up to the first leg!
“If we're only at 95% against Hoffenheim we'll have big, big problems, and they will knock us out,” said Klopp, speaking to German broadcaster DAZN ahead of the Champions League play-off between the Bundesliga hot-shots and Liverpool on Tuesday.
Click here to read about Julian Nagelsmann's unique managerial plan this season!
The former Mainz and Dortmund coach is coming up against Nagelsmann for the first time, and has heaped praise upon the 30-year-old coach and their team.
“They are a real tough nut to crack. It's a great team, with a top coach and great development,” said Klopp.
“I saw them play against Bologna in their pre-season friendly and how much possession they had. They have a real cheeky confidence. They were very good.”
Hoffenheim's confidence has not been knocked ahead of the prospect of facing the five-time Champions League winners. Serge Gnabry, who made their debut for the club over the weekend, has no doubt about Hoffenheim's chances.
Liverpool began their Premier League campaign on Saturday, with a 3-3 draw at Watford. While Hoffenheim were in DFB Cup action over the weekend, overcoming Erfurt 0-1.
Watch: Hoffenheim's tactical wizardry
Click here for more Hoffenheim news and features!
Mock-ups incorporating Hoya's glass substrate. The right and left mock-ups use 10 0.5mm-thick glass substrates and nine 0.635mm-thick glass substrates, respectively. [Click to enlarge image]
The capacity of HDDs is steadily increasing in preparation for the era in which the amount of data to be stored explodes. In the first half of 2017, Western Digital (WD) Corp and Seagate Technology LLC announced that they started volume production of 12-Tbyte 3.5-inch HDDs. And it is possible that the capacity of HDDs will increase by about 2 Tbytes per year and reach 20 Tbytes by 2020.
With the prospect of the era, Hoya Corp, which supplies glass substrates for HDDs in an exclusive way, is developing technologies with an ambition. Currently, glass substrates are used mainly for 2.5-inch HDDs that are designed for notebook computers, etc. The market for those HDDs is shrinking because they are being replaced with SSDs using NAND flash memory.
Nevertheless, Hoya expects that the demand for glass substrates will eventually start to increase and the scale of its glass substrate business will increase manyfold. The company considers that 3.5-inch HDDs, which currently use aluminum substrates, may start to employ glass substrates overnight as their capacity increases.
One of the advantages of glass substrates is that they have a higher rigidity than aluminum substrates and can be thinner than aluminum substrates, making it possible to increase the number of disks that can be stored in a case and increase the capacity. Hoya has already prototyped 0.5mm- and 0.381mm-thick substrates, enabling to house 10 and 12 substrates, respectively, in a 3.5-inch HDD whose thickness is about 1 inch.
Go to next page
Updating with details from news conference… Cable news networks today are covering yet another horrific shooting incident. Three police officers were killed and three others wounded in Baton Rouge, LA, early this morning when they were shot less than a mile from police headquarters. One suspect, who was armed with an assault rifle and wearing a mask and black fatigues, was killed in a shootout. Louisiana State Police Superintendent Mike Edmonson said in a news conference that officials believe they were “the person who shot our officers.”
Edmonson said two of the dead officers were from the Baton Rouge Police Department and the other from the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's Department and that another deputy is in critical condition following surgery. Two other officers suffered “non-life-threatening injuries.”
The city has been the scene of protests since the July 5 shooting of a black man by white officers after a confrontation, but Baton Rogue Police Department said at about 1:15 pm local time that they do not believe today's attack was race-related.
“I condemn, in the strongest sense of the word, the attack on law enforcement in Baton Rouge,” President Obama said in a statement this afternoon. Read their full statement below.
Four people were arrested last week in Baton Rogue in an alleged plot to kill police officers. In May, the Louisiana Legislature passed a bill that classified attacks on police as a hate crime.
The scene this morning has been “contained,” Baton Rouge Police Sgt. Don Coppola told the Associated Press. There are few details available, but local media reported sources saying police were responding to a shots-fired call at 8:40 AM local time when they can under fire. A witness told CNN that they are still in lockdown in the area. Police are urging the public to help in locating any additional suspects.
Today's attack comes 10 days after five officers were killed and nine injured in a sniper attack in Dallas.
Here is Obama's full statement:
I condemn, in the strongest sense of the word, the attack on law enforcement in Baton Rouge. For the second time in two weeks, police officers who put their lives on the line for ours every day were doing their job when they were killed in a cowardly and reprehensible assault. These are attacks on public servants, on the rule of law, and on civilized society, and they have to stop. I've offered my full support, and the full support of the federal government, to Governor Edwards, Mayor Holden, the Sheriff's Office, and the Baton Rouge Police Department. And make no mistake – justice will be done. We may not yet know the motives for this attack, but I want to be clear: there is no justification for violence against law enforcement. None. These attacks are the work of cowards who speak for no one. They right no wrongs. They advance no causes. The officers in Baton Rouge; the officers in Dallas – they were our fellow Americans, part of our community, part of our country, with people who loved and needed them, and who need us now – all of us – to be at our best. Today, on the Lord's day, all of us stand united in prayer with the people of Baton Rouge, with the police officers who've been wounded, and with the grieving families of the fallen. May God bless them all.
Many in the media and entertainment industries took to Twitter to express sadness, outrage and frustration. Among them is former CNN anchor Piers Morgan, who was outspoken proponent of gun control:
America is shooting itself to death.
Who has the will to stop this insanity? #BatonRouge — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) July 17, 2016
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to…https://t.co/pPNrzG8kEa — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016
Just got home from mass to the news of this awful shooting of police officers I #BatonRouge. What world are we living in?! — Patricia Heaton (@PatriciaHeaton) July 17, 2016
Now 3 more Officers dead in #BatonRouge. How many eulogies & funerals must be held in the country before we get that violence solves nothing — Josh Gad (@joshgad) July 17, 2016
#BatonRouge More tragedy. This has got to Stop. Praying for the families of those affected. — Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) July 17, 2016
I'm horrified by the #BatonRouge shooting. SO disgusted by all the shootings that've been occurring. They are a collective plague of hate. — Paula Abdul (@PaulaAbdul) July 17, 2016
A row of houses are seen in London, Britain June 3, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
LONDON (Reuters) - British house price growth remains at its weakest level for nearly four years, mortgage lender Halifax said on Monday, echoing other signs of a slowdown in the housing market amid uncertainty about the impact of Brexit on the economy.
House prices rose 3.8 percent in the three months to April compared with the same period a year ago, the same pace as in March which was the weakest increase since May 2013.
Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected the pace of house price growth to slow to 3.6 percent.
Prices fell by 0.1 percent between March and April, the first monthly decline since January, and were down 0.2 percent in the three months to April compared with the previous three months, the first such fall since 2012, Halifax said.
Martin Ellis, an economist with Halifax, said the slowdown reflected the strong increase in prices between 2014 and 2016 as well as the squeeze on household finances caused by rising inflation and a weakening in the labour market.
Rival mortgage lender Nationwide has said British house prices fell for a second month in a row in April and the Bank of England said last week number of mortgages approved in March was its lowest in six months.
Home
Stuff
Etc
0_0
Princess Bubblegum Heeeeeey friends. It's been almost a year since my last real post. Ugh. I'll save the excuses and skip to NEW things. Exciting! :D
Nils and I were Finn and Princess Bubblegum from Adventure Time for Halloween this year. I went with P.B's outfit from the episode "What Was Missing". Over the course of a month I made a dress, a sweater, a petticoat, a crown and boot covers. I bought leggings and bought and styled a wig.
MEGA POST. GO.
This costume was a lot simpler than my last one. It was a nice change of pace! Unfortunately I forgot to photograph some parts and the result is a big disjointed jumble of photos. My bad.
The Dress
Pattern: McCall's M6027 Misses' Dresses
Materials: Pink stretch jersey
The dress turned out OK but I had an awful time with the fabric. It was impossible to rip seams without destroying the fabric and I found myself constantly trying to keep my sewing machine from eating it. I'm not an expert seamstress to this very well may be user error. I didn't need a zipper in the dress due to the stretch and skipped interfacing.
The Sweater
Pattern: Self made
Materials: Light and dark pink fleece, fuzzy white yarn I sketched out a pattern on tissue paper with the help of a sweater I already own. I made a copy with cheap scrap fabric before moving onto the fleece. I later added the white sweater details by embroidering fuzzy, white yarn.
The inside is embroidered with the initials "P.B.". I originally planned to put a petite "Bonnibel" inside but quickly realized embroidering fleece with fatty yarn is hard. Yes, B.B. was also an option but I liked P.B. better.
The Boots
Pattern: I used this tutorial as a guide for the boot covers.
Materials: Duck canvas in light and dark pink, white piping, pink zipper, pink elastic
My favorite part! This is my first attempt at boot covers and they turned out way better than I expected them to.
Elastic goes under the sole and a zipper zips up the back so they're totally removable. They get a bit wide at the top due to the shape of the boots underneath, but overall have the right look.
The Petticoat
Pattern: None. Mostly flailing and frustration.
Materials: Pink tulle, pink elastic The dress needed some poof so I made a petticoat. I made up the pattern as I went along and struggled the whole way. It was a bit of a waste of time (and buying one would have been super cheap and easy) but it worked out.
The Crown
Materials: Wonderflex, popsicle stick, acrylic paint, hair elastic, plastic gem, bobby pins
The crown is made of multiple layers of wonderflex. I added a popsicle stick within the skinny, tall part of the crown but it was probably unnecessary. I painted it with white gesso and then with yellow acrylics and glued a blue, plastic gem in place.
I ended up gluing bobby pins into the crown right before we left for a party. About an hour earlier it fell off my head and I stepped on it. Nothing some clear tape couldn't fix but it was a bit of a bummer. Most of the bobby pins came off by the end of the night. I'll need a better solution next time.
Last minute repairs : balancing the crown on various kitchen items while glue dries
The Wig
The wig cost more than the rest of the materials combined. Ah, silly choices. It's Rhapsody in Rose from Gothic Lolita Wigs. It's not quite the right color (the image on the right, below, is pretty accurate), but it's spot on for the texture and length I wanted.
To put the wig in a ponytail I used the "simple method" from the bottom of this page with some minor changes I failed to document. I didn't have extensions and was afraid of cutting the wig so this seemed to be the best method. The ponytail isn't as round and poofy as Bubblegum's hair in that episode but it worked well enough for my skill level (complete wig newbie).
that with many, many more hair pins.
Despite a wig cap and my best efforts I still had wisps of hair showing here and there so I made my hair sticky with hair sculpting paste (hair gel or grease pencil would also work) and dusted it with pink eyeshadow. I had planned to use this method on my eyebrows but it ended up working pretty well on my hairline.
enhance
For what it's worth, I was able to wear the wig for a solid 12 hours with only a minor headache by the end of the night. I also wore it to a dance party earlier in the week. No shifting, no problems!
My hair is dark blonde and well past my shoulders so I braided it in about 6 braids and coiled them around my head to get it as flat as possible. I pinned a wig cap over it all with many, many hair pins (not the same as bobby pins) and then pinned the wig towith many, manyhair pins.Despite a wig cap and my best efforts I still had wisps of hair showing here and there so I made my hair sticky with hair sculpting paste (hair gel or grease pencil would also work) and dusted it with pink eyeshadow. I had planned to use this method on my eyebrows but it ended up working pretty well on my hairline.For what it's worth, I was able to wear the wig for a solid 12 hours with only a minor headache by the end of the night. I also wore it to a dance party earlier in the week. No shifting, no problems! The Rest
The leggings are cheapo hot pink leggings off Amazon.
The paint is Mehron Paradise Makeup AQ in light pink, Mehron Liquid Makeup in pink, and white facepaint from a local costume shop. I got as far as painting my whole face and arms hot pink (totally the wrong shade) before I decided to wash it all off and go with a simple band across my eyes. I didn't do paint at all on Halloween day which is why some photos have pink and some don't.
Next time I wear this I'll try to do it right with full paint!
All Together Now!
Nils and I with our friend Chris as Jake the dog!
Nils and I with our friend Chris as Jake the dog!
A bunch of friends are planning to do a group
So that's it for Princess Bubblegum. I hope to take some better pictures with natural light (and proper paint) some time in the future but that probably won't be for some time. On to new things for now :)A bunch of friends are planning to do a group Avatar: The Last Airbender group for cons/Halloween next year. My next costume is Suki Please solve the following:
The Enduro was a special version of the 1980 Saab 900 Turbo commissioned by Saab Australia purely for the local Australian market.
Twelve built, eleven delivered(one reputedly written off by an overzealous journalist prior to release) and of five sighted surviving examples. The package consisted of closely fitted flared fiberglass wheel arches, front airdam and rear spoiler, extra gauges (oil pressure [0 to 500Kpa – 0 to 75 psi] , battery voltage [10 to 16 volts] and ammeter [-50 to +50 A] ) mounted where the radio usually was. It's still open to debate, but it isbelieved that only eleven 900 Enduros were ever made, along with a 12th full spare body kit. Five (and possibly six – Jan 2011) are believed to still be in existence as of January 2011, but the confirmed (sighted) figure is still only three.
A reliable source recently stated that Ken Matthews Prestige (a large Sydney-based Saab dealer at the time) were originally commissioned by Saab Australia to oversee the design and implementation of the overall engineering package, with the body modifications themselves designed and built by Purvis Cars of “Eureka” fame.
The package consisted of large, flared fibreglass wheel arches, front air dam/splitter and rear fibreglass spoiler, extra gauges were mounted where the radio usually was.
The cars were fitted with Simmons ‘P-4' 3-piece composite alloy 7.5×15″ wheels.
Suspension was substantially up-rated. Steering caster was altered. To increase performance, the waste gate was set at 17 psi (1.2 bar) which delivered a claimed 175hp from its 8-valve B201 slant-4 engine. Water injection came standard – possibly a first for a production turbo vehicle.
Paint was a 2-pack Dulux Acran enamel and the 11 vehicles came in groups of at least three known 1980 colours. The bonnet, side window frames and rear spoiler were painted in Dulux GT Satin Black. Large “ENDURO” stripes were emblazoned on the bonnet (some vehicles), the rear deck and along both sides at sill level.
Enduros are incredibly rare – and almost never come up for sale. There are none known to have been shipped overseas. Their value will depend highly on their overall condition, and given that they are now 30 years old, most are looking forward to a complete restoration at some stage.
Twitter's stock is currently plummeting down almost 17 percent, but it could have been even worse. The lockup period expired yesterday, prompting fears of a crash should employees and investors decide to sell their stock. But former Twitter employees complained earlier today that they were blocked from cashing out.
Former Twitter engineer Sara Haider, Chad Woodford, Twitter's former product and business counsel, Mischa Nachtigal, who used to work on media and content partnerships, former engineering manager Mark McBride, and others appear to have chimed in on a private Facebook thread about the mismanaged lockup period. I've reached out to Haider and others on the thread to confirm that their statements haven't been doctored.
I also asked Twitter to verify the details and whether the issues have been resolved. An anonymous reader in Kinja, who directed us to the Facebook thread said "basically no employees have been able to sell," except executives. According to the thread, a Schwab representative said Twitter placed a hold on exercising options and Schwab did not expect the hold to be lifted until this afternoon.
Twitter's former head of communications Sean Garrett wrote that Twitter sent out an email after the market opened saying:
"There was a glitch in the exercise functionality with Schwab, but it has been turned on."
Haider, who now works at Secret, did not take the news well:
"a glitch? a fucking glitch. wow, just wow."
Extreme frustration with the process and the company is evident throughout the conversation. Nachtigal posted the following comment:
"Meanwhile, VPs and the GC are selling shares, while we have to wait. Serenity now!"
McBride wrote:
"The company infamous for infrastructure headaches experiences the same with employee lockup."
Twitter's CEO, cofounders, and investors may be holding onto their shares, but it doesn't appear ex-employees have has much faith in the company.
Update: As of Thursday evening, I still haven't heard back from either Twitter or Schwab, but one former Twitter employee did reach out to say that they had no issue selling through Schwab. In that case, the order was placed before the markets opened and sold at exactly 9.30 AM Eastern. The ex-employee was not an executive and claimed that current Twitter employees, who were also not executives, were able to sell without a problem.
If you are a current or former employee of Twitter, please feel free to contact the author of this post: nitasha@gawker.com.
Once a magnet for the likes of artists , musicians and writers – drawn by its timeless landscape, unhurried pace and sunny Mediterranean climate – Mallorca is increasingly attracting what might politely be called a less-cultured sort of visitor. And while mass tourism is obviously nothing new to the Balearic isle, it's inching towards saturation point and starting to seriously stretch not just its limited island resources, but the patience of its local population.
Some of the more visible signs of this growing tension came in the form of graffiti in the capital, with exclamations such as ‘Tourist You Are the Terrorist' and ‘Tourists Go Home' appearing on the walls of Palma old town. Although quickly removed by the council, similar street-based protests continue to spring up in the form of guerrilla sticker campaigns with slogans like ‘Tourism Kills the City' (featuring a skull and crossed selfie sticks).
Anti-tourism sticker | © Leon Beckenham
A more organised grassroots campaign Ciutat per a qui l'habita (or ‘the city for those who live in it') has also gained momentum, with their banners an increasingly common sight around the capital. A recent protest also involved the symbolic closure of the Ministry of Tourism, who they say are responsible for irresponsible promotion of the island.
Airbnb has also received plenty of flak from locals, with the company being blamed for a surge in housing costs that are pricing out the native population. According to recent reports, the cost of renting a property has rocketed by 40% in the last four years, leading to the Mayor of Palma to initially call for a total ban of the home-sharing site. He's since softened their stance to supporting the Amsterdam model of strictly limiting lengths of rentals.
Anti-Airbnb graffiti | © Leon Beckenham
The number of cruise ships visiting the island has also risen dramatically. A single day last year saw eight cruisers pour over 20,000 extra bodies into the city, overwhelming the old town and leading Balearic tourism minister, Biel Barceló, to call for a daily limit for four. The cap was later set at six, which still equates to up to 17,000 cruise passengers descending en masse (with many on all-inclusive packages that contribute little economically).
Anti-tourist graffiti | © Leon Beckenham
Beside the sheer numbers, the island is also pushing back against the behaviour of its visitors. Particularly popular fodder with the tabloid press, the unbridled displays of booze-soaked revelry witnessed in resorts like the notorious Magaluf have come under fire. A crackdown by the local authorities on anti-social behaviour included rolling out 64 fineable offences, for everything from public nudity to climbing trees, with penalties of up to €3,000 (US$3,490).
Disgruntled locals have begun a campaign to curb what they call ‘cheap, anything-goes tourism' in the form of a Change.Org petition. Now standing at over 14,000 signatures, they demand further clamping down on the annual scourge that makes life in resort towns such as S'Arenal, Playa de Palma, Palmanova and Magaluf intolerable for the permanent population. They cite vomit-splattered pavement, random acts of vandalism and lewd behaviour as just a few of the annoyances that become part of daily life during the summer months.
With Spain soaking up most of the business lost by terrorism-hit destinations such as Egypt, Turkey and Tunisia, it's no surprise Mallorca has experienced a rising tide of visitors. The result has been over 80% of residents feeling the island suffers over-population during the high season (according to a recent poll by research organisation Fundación Gadeso). But with around the same percentage of the island's economy linked to the industry, few beyond a militant fringe would want all tourists to actually ‘Go Home'. If things continue to escalate unchecked the jam-packed beaches, congested resorts and overcrowded attractions will eventually push holidaymakers towards other sunny climes – though not before sullying what was once an enchanting piece of Mediterranean paradise.
Cory Schneider is an extremely talented goalie in the NHL, but they have never been praised for their puck handling skills.
In TSN's Post 2 Post series, they were listed as a “Stop and Leave” goaltender, which is someone who basically just wants to stop the puck behind the net and get out of there as soon as possible. Well, maybe they aren't using them in their best way. He's not a passer, he's a shooter – at least that's what it looks like when he's in practice taking one-timers.
Cory Schneider showing off their one-timer. They should use it more #Devils pic.twitter.com/sXe8PRXHbV — Michael Mazzei (@MichaelMazzei3) April 7, 2017
With the looks of this, they should never go empty net.
Instead of Schneider hopping off the ice for an extra man, just swap their sticks out and have them got set up in the Ovi spot and let them hammer away.
All jokes aside it's pretty impressive coordination while in all that goalie gear. Now, we just have to see their knuckle puck form.
What's surprising in the new Pew evolution numbers is the trend—a more than 10-point drop in belief among Republicans. What explains it?
Pew doesn't speculate but remarks on the confusing result:
Differences in the racial and ethnic composition of Democrats and Republicans or differences in their levels of religious commitment do not wholly explain partisan differences in beliefs about evolution. Indeed, the partisan differences remain even when taking these other characteristics into account.
One possibility is that respondents who identified as Republican and believed in evolution in 2009 are no longer identifying as Republicans. Fewer scientists, for example, are reportedly identifying with the GOP, and the overall trend is for fewer Americans to call themselves Republicans. But both Gallup and separate polling from Pew found approximately the same party ID in 2009 and 2013.
Another is that the rise of "intelligent design" education has helped to swing younger Americans against evolution. Yet the age breakdown remains similar in 2009 and 2013, with respondents ages 18 to 29 most likely to believe in evolution.
What does that leave? Maybe the gap represents an emotional response by Republicans to being out of power. Among others, Chris Mooney has argued that beliefs on politically contentious topics are often more rooted in opposition to perceived attacks than anything else—an instance of "motivated reasoning." Given that Democrats have controlled the White House and Senate since 2009, this could be backlash to the political climate, though it will be hard to tell until Republicans control Washington again.
Of course, motivated reasoning might help explain why many Democrats also believe in evolution.
Riding a 3 game losing streak, the 4-7 Saints made a welcome return home this week knowing that only a “W” would maintain their faint hopes of making the postseason. The problem – the 11-0 Carolina Panthers were on deck. It all started brightly enough for the Black & Gold, as they raced into an improbable 14 point lead on the back of two (equally improbable) defensive turnovers. Unfortunately, Carolina amassed 41 points over the next 3 quarters to prevail by 3 in yet another heartbreaking Superdome shootout. The defeat leaves the Saints at 4-8 and, effectively, done for the year. Attention over the next 4 weeks will now inevitably turn to the draft, to free agency, and to “who should stay” and “who should go”. Read on below for our full analysis of how the 2015 Saints teased us again this week, before ultimately letting us down – and this time for good.
A quick heads-up on our status here at the BoiLa too. Unlike the 2015 Saints, we're not quite done for the year yet! We've stocked up our booze cabinet and will be keeping up our weekly breakdowns over the holiday season until the bitter end – albeit with a likely late Wednesday or Thursday upload rather than the usual Tuesday.
For those of you viewing our Player Grades for the first time, our Player Performance Grading System uses a 9-point color-coded “temperature based” scale to produce an easy to understand visual indicator of the performance of each player on rushing plays, passing plays and in the game overall. You can find a more thorough explanation of our grading system, along with diagrams of what exactly everything means, by clicking here.
And as always, for ease of reference, our 9-point color-coded grading scale is pictured below:
OFFENSE
Editor's Note: Click on each individual table below to open a full-sized version in a new window/tab (it makes them easier to read).
On the whole, the Saints offense can be proud of their efforts against what is a strong Panthers defense. The Saints only had the ball for 23 minutes of this game, yet still managed to put up 334 yards and score four offensive TDs – that kind of effort is not to be sniffed at. The effectiveness of the Saints offense started in the trenches, with the O-Line doing “just about enough” to provide Brees a consistent pocket to throw from. Andrus Peat, going up against Kawann Short (who previously victimized Lelito at the LG spot earlier in the season), was particularly impressive. It was certainly encouraging to see the rookie look solid against elite opposition after a tough outing in Houston just seven days previously. Unger and Armstead also picked up their first positive grades since Week 8. Admittedly Brees did have to move around and show off their savvy pocket presence at times, but overall #9 was kept upright and given every chance to succeed by the five men in front of them (at least once Payton stopped tinkering with the O-Line).
When Brees was hitting their targets in this game, the Saints offense looked borderline unstoppable. On the Saints go ahead drive in the 4th quarter for example (capped off with a 9-yard Ingram TD run), Brees marched the offense 88-yards down field in just four minutes, completing 4-4 for 48 yards (and adding a 12-yard scramble of their own too). The Panthers defense simply had no answer at times when Brees & Co got in rhythm. Unfortunately, Brees couldn't keep up the same intensity throughout the 60 minutes, and was slightly off on a number of throws where they aren't under particular duress (the force to Watson for a costly pick a prime example).
Early drops from Cooks and Colston aside, the Saints receivers put in a just about adequate performance for their QB on Sunday. Brandon Coleman especially was a factor throughout the game – putting in by far their best shift in the Black & Gold. Whether Coleman can now build on this and continue to be a factor (especially when Snead returns) remains to be seen – but it was at least encouraging to finally get to a stage where August's “Training Camp hype” now at least has a small shard of “on field” justification. Watson put in a solid stint, and even Josh Hill made some rare positive contributions after being hidden in the wilderness for much of the 2015 campaign.
Among the running backs, the main story-line from Sunday is likely the news that Mark Ingram has since been shut down for the season with a shoulder injury. Whether this is more symptomatic of the Saints now irretrievable 4-8 record rather than a particularly troublesome ailment for Ingram is open for debate – but we still wish them well in whatever recovery is needed and look forward to them coming back fresh in 2016. Ingram is one Saint you can't criticize for lacking of effort and heart out on the field – and has been one of the rare consistent performers throughout 2015. If one “positive” can come out of this Ingram injury however, it's that we may finally get to judge whether CJ Spiller really does have anything left in the tank or not. With Ingram assuming more and more of an “every down” role in recent weeks, Spiller has become little more than a glorified (and very highly-paid) water boy. With Ingram now out, it's likely Spiller and Hightower will split the bulk of the carries. Another interesting nugget will be whether Marcus Murphy gets any playing time on offense from hereon out with the Saints 2015 post season hopes now six feet under.
DEFENSE
Editor's Note: Click on each individual table below to open a full-sized version in a new window/tab (it makes them easier to read).
Another week, yet another backward step for the much-maligned Saints defense, as the Panthers amassed nearly 500 yards on route to 41 points and an unlikely comeback W. The defeat was particularly galling as the Saints had started so well on the defensive side. They blanked the Panthers in the first quarter and, until rookie sensation Delvin Breaux left the game with a hamstring strain at the end of the opening period, had completely neutered the Panthers' dangerous offense in every phase. Indeed, at the time of Breaux's departure, the Saints led 14-0 and had held the Panthers to 28 yards of offense on their first 11 plays with an INT and a fumble. It's obviously too simplistic to blame the breakdown that followed on the departure of one player, but the secondary's struggles in Breaux's absence were ruthlessly exploited by Cam Newton. It only served to further underline Breaux's importance to this defense – without him, the Saints looked vulnerable every time Newton dropped back to throw.
If there was one position group that offered any semblance of consistency for all four quarters this week, it was the defensive line. The D-Line's task on Sunday was made tougher (on paper, at least) by the absence of NT John Jenkins. #92 has had a disappointing campaign and struggled in the “run stuffing” NT role that Rob Ryan tried to pigeon-hole them into. With Jenkins unavailable, the Saints turned to back-up DT Tyeler Davison in the NT “1-tech” role. The rookie did not disappoint. Davison put in their best performance as a Saint as they made plays both as a gap-stuffing run defender and as a pass rusher. In fact, it doesn't seem much of a reach to suggest that Davison has officially started a late season “position battle” at NT. They were undoubtedly aided by strong performances from the ever-consistent Cam Jordan and Kevin Williams. Indeed, the interior defensive line held Carolina to just 28 yards on their 13 rushing attempts between the tackles. Unlike against Houston, where soft play in the trenches made it too easy for the Texans to pick-up easy chunks and points, the D-Line made the Panthers work for every yard on the ground. The boxscore shows Carolina with 175 yards rushing on 34 carries, but on the vast majority of downs the Saints defensive front won the battle. 92 of those 175 yards came on 4 specific plays where lapses and/or missed tackles in the second level created easy running lanes. The Panthers gained just 87 yards on their remaining 30 carries – a hugely impressive feat against a dangerous dual-threat QB like Cam Newton.
With the defensive line performing well, the linebackers finally had some room to operate without hindrance from second level blockers. Unfortunately, the group didn't really take full advantage – although it was an improved performance in comparison to recent weeks. Anthony was energetic and could not be faulted for effort, but their coverage frailties were exposed again as Newton beat them several times for dreaded “chunk” plays over the middle. They had (yet another) new partner at WLB in the shape of James Anderson – and to their credit Anderson probably outplayed the Hawthorne/Humber/Dunbar/Mauti platoon that preceded him. It was hardly “Kuechly and Davis”, but the “Anthony and Anderson” tandem did a solid enough job. From our perspective, it was also reassuring to see that Allen was willing to “roll the dice” in search of a solution to the ongoing WLB-problem. Alongside Anthony and Anderson, Hau'oli Kikaha looked closer to 100% this week and was given more chance to rush the passer. #44 should hopefully be “full go” against the Bucs this week, and will be keen for a repeat of one of the best performances of their young career, having dominated the vulnerable Tampa O-Line in week 2.
The defense was unquestionably hindered most this week by a sub-par performance from the short-handed secondary. As soon as Breaux left at the end of the first quarter, the Saints were left with a CB duo of Browner and Dixon on the outside, and Wilson in the slot. Given the Saints apparent depth at CB at the start of the year, it was a sorry state of affairs. After a solid start with Breaux, when thrust back into the “CB1” role, Browner looked utterly exposed. They had benefited from safety help against Houston, with Allen happy to rely on Breaux's island coverage opposite. As soon as it became apparent that Breaux was “gone for good” after halftime, the Panthers adjusted their gameplan to isolate Browner against their speedy WRs. #39 was lucky to escape with just 2 TD's against them – they were one Ginn drop and one Newton overthrow away from having 2 more to their name. Alongside them Dixon struggled with their tackling, allowing Carolina free yards that the Saints couldn't afford, and a Wilson lapse gifted Ginn a 45 yard TD. Things got even worse when Dixon picked up a late second half injury, thrusting special teamer Chris Owens into the game at crunch time. Owens was immediately targeted by Cam Newton to set-up (and score) the game-winning TD. Props can go to Kenny Vaccaro at least, who continued their impressive 2015 campaign with yet another solid display in the secondary. Unfortunately the same cannot be said for their safety partner Jairus Byrd, who was a passenger for much of the game again. Dennis Allen needs to find a way to get Byrd into position to make plays. In their present role, Byrd seems to be nothing more than the equivalent of having a $12,000 a year insurance policy on a banged-up $500 car.
————————–
Missed any of our other Saints Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis articles from the 2015 season? You can check out each week by clicking on the links below:
Week 1: Saints @ Cardinals – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 2: Saints vs Bucs – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 3: Saints @ Panthers – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 4: Saints vs Cowboys – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 5: Saints @ Eagles – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 6: Saints vs Falcons – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 7: Saints @ Colts – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 8: Saints vs Giants – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 9: Saints vs Titans – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 10: Saints @ Redskins – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
Week 12: Saints @ Texans – Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis
To receive an instant e-mail notification every time we post up our weekly Saints grades and snap counts then be sure to subscribe to The BoiLa using the box in the sidebar or at the bottom of the page.
And finally… if you want to keep up to date with what's going on with The BoiLa on Twitter you can hit us up on: @CrAwFiShBoiLa.
Advertisements
2011| Lesson Plan: The Story of the Third Wave
View TRAILER ONLY | Download DOCUMENTARY FILM as .mp4
We have already discussed the power of social conformity as revealed by the Asch experiment (back in part 2) and Stanley Milgram's classic experiment into obedience to authority in part 3.
I have tried to use these ideas to explain why good people who join Scientology find themselves behaving in ways that go against their basic nature, and conforming to beliefs so bizarre that those who leave the Church look back on their career with astonishment.
In a Scientology ‘Org' authority figures are constantly present, and members are constantly under pressure to conform to the value of the group. Where else can we find this kind of social situation? In a school, perhaps?
In 1967 a US teacher called Ron Jones was frustrated that they could not give a satisfactory answer to a student's question – how could so many German people claim to have been unaware of the abuses of the Nazi regime? They decided to demonstrate instead, by creating a neo-fascist organisation within the school, reminiscent of the Hitler Youth – “The Third Wave“.
This ‘movement' was such a runaway success that Jones was forced to end it after the forth day. The following day, they explained the experiment to their students.
They had not only answered the original question, but also demonstrated the astonishing power of any Isolated social situation which is prepared to exploit both authority and social pressure to conform. Their experiment is still being run – in Scientology Orgs worldwide.
Further Reading
There a ‘young adult' book (recommended for an age range from 12 upwards) and a film which offers a fictionalised account of this informal experiment.
1981 | The Wave | Todd Strasser (AKA Morton Rhue)
ISBN-10: 0440993717
ISBN-13: 978-0440993711
1981 | The Wave (Film)
View Online | Download
Advertisements
BOLIVAR, Tenn. — Authorities have identified the man and woman who were killed Thursday morning in an apparent murder-suicide.
Officers say Johntate Thompson shot themselves in the head after a pursuit not long after fatally shooting Camille Thompson multiple times, according to a report from the Bolivar Police Department.
The report says the two were married.
Police received a report around 7:45 a.m. about a shooting on Pleasant Creek Lane, according to the report.
The victim's mother witnessed the shooting and told police that Johntate Thompson tried to block the roadway with their vehicle and then shot the victim when they tried to drive around him.
Two children were in the back seat of the victim's vehicle at the time of the shooting but were not struck, according to the report.
Thompson reportedly walked to the vehicle and shot the woman several more times before leaving the scene.
Officers pursued Thompson into Chester County where they eventually stopped on a rural road and fatally shot themselves in the head, according to the report.
An Orange County Superior Court judge says Senior Deputy District Attorney Matt Murphy did nothing wrong in the 2008 case of a man convicted of throwing a couple off a yacht for their money.
Murphy was accused in an 85-page motion of defrauding the jury by saying a jail inmate “got nothing” for testifying against former child actor Skylar Deleon. The inmate later received a lenient sentence although nothing was promised in advance.
The accusation was made by Assistant Public Defender Scott Sanders in a motion to preserve evidence in the case of former community theater actor Daniel Wozniak, who last year was convicted of murdering two people. Sanders' previous claims against local prosecutors have unraveled at least six local murder and attempted murder cases after judges found that prosecutors and police misused informants or withheld evidence from defense lawyers or both.
Related Articles Public defender raises questions about Skylar Deleon yacht murder case
OC in Two: Deleon gets death penalty
Defense: Deleon's childhood was ‘as bad as it gets'
Some mysteries remain in Deleon case (11/4/08)
Psychologists take opposing views on Deleon's childhood On Friday, Judge John Conley, who is presiding over the Wozniak case, concluded “there is no evidence of misconduct on the part of Mr. Murphy” in the cases of either Wozniak or Deleon.
Murphy indicated the judge's ruling amounted to a vindication.
“On Friday, we were completely absolved of all wrongdoing,” Murphy said Tuesday.
“Sadly, the people who suffer for baseless accusations like this are the victim's families,” they added. “They need to be allowed to move on.”
Sanders countered that the judge's ruling gave little attention to the legal arguments.
“I would urge citizens who care about our criminal justice system to analyze our motion and the supporting documents, alongside a prosecution filing that has no substantive response to the allegations,” Sanders said. “They will be not only left deeply troubled by the court's ruling, but will start to understand why it has taken so long to bring to light the systemic problems that have plagued this county.”
The facts of Sanders' argument against Murphy aren't in dispute. During the Deleon trial, who was sentenced to death for their role in murdering Thomas and Jackie Hawks, Murphy introduced a witness, Daniel Elias, who testified that Deleon offered to pay them to kill a pair of potential witnesses while both men were in jail. According to transcripts, Murphy told the jury at the time that Elias — a three-strike felon — “got nothing” in exchange for their testimony.
Two months later, Murphy — also serving as prosecutor of Elias — asked the judge in that case to consider Elias' testimony against Deleon when sentencing them for felony drug and gun charges. Murphy told the judge in the Elias case the same thing he'd told the jury in Deleon; that Elias had been promised nothing in exchange for their testimony.
“At the time that Mr. Elias testified, they did so without any promises,” Murphy told Judge Thomas Borris. “There was never a wink, never a nod, an understanding between me and the defense that Mr. Elias would receive anything for their cooperation.”
Though Elias faced eight years in prison Borris set them free, saying their time served, four years in Orange County Jail, was punishment enough.
In the wake of Sanders' accusation, Murphy said that their intent was not to deceive anyone and that the request for leniency in Elias was based on what they believed was appropriate.
With the ruling, Wozniak faces a death sentence pending an automatic appeal.
VADODARA: Amid the ongoing agitation by patidars for quota, an organization of brahmans in Gujarat has demanded reservation for community members in government jobs and educational institutes in the state. All Gujarat Brahm Samaj (AGBS) also wants the government to pay monthly salary to brahman priests serving in temples across the state.The organization's officer-bearers held a day-long meeting here on Friday and passed a number of resolutions in support of their various demands, including reservation and salary for brahman priests, its president Shailesh Joshi said.Briefing reporters at the end of meeting, Joshi said, "The BJP government in Gujarat should follow the example of the Tamil Nadu government and give monthly salary to all the temple priests in the state."He said the government should set up a Brahman Vikas Board to look after 55 lakh economically weaker brahmans, whose population in Gujarat they put at 62 lakh.Joshi said AGBS wants the state to grant reservations solely on the basis of economic criterion."We want the government to change this (current) system of reservation and introduce a system which is based on economic condition, not on castes. We believe anyone who is financially weak should get reservation, including brahmans. Our children are not getting good education or jobs because of the current reservation system," said Joshi.Pradip Jani, convener of the AGBS, announced formation of local level committees for launching a statewide agitation based on Gandhian principles in support of their demands.The demand for reservation from the upper caste community members comes at a time when Gujarat is already witnessing an agitation by patidars (Patels) for quota in jobs and education.
Jesus could have easily been talking about the fair-weathered or pretend Christians of today when they were telling the parable of the Wheat and Weeds. Hardly a week goes by where we do not hear the surprising and shocking news of someone who is not the person they had pretended to be. Jesus never asked us to be perfect (for  They are the only perfect one), but they did ask us to be authentic.
It reminds me of a time earlier this summer when I attended a small seaside church near the beach. The sights and sounds of the ocean always bring to my mind images of Jesus' ministry – the fisherman disciples, their boats and fishing nets, shipwrecks and storms, and Jesus cooking breakfast on the beach for their disciples. So as I sat in church on that Sunday morning, listening to the music and pondering my thoughts, I saw a man walk in late just as the music had finished and the preaching started. The man shuffled their way through the row of people and took the empty seat next to me. They were nicely dressed – perhaps a little too nice for a seaside church where sandals are more the norm; and they smelled nice too – of expensive cologne and wearing an impressive watch. As the preacher began their sermon, the man opened their Bible, took out their notebook and fancy pen, and shouted a few loud “Amen's” here and there, nodding to the preacher. I saw that they wrote down the title of the sermon in their notebook, while saying a few more “Amen's”. I was impressed for a few minutes. But then they never wrote another word in their notebook. At the end of the sermon, when the music started back and the preacher gave an invitation for anyone who wanted to follow Jesus, the man packed up their things, climbed over all the people again, and left.
I don't think Jesus was impressed with their show. Jesus would rather see someone come to the church in their wrinkled and disheveled clothes, worn out from the stresses and burdens this world can sometimes bring, falling down on their knees, pouring out their heart to Jesus and asking for Their help. Authentic and Repentful.
The reason some people were angry with Jesus during their ministry on earth and chose not to follow them was because Jesus was not impressed with their wealth or status. How aggravating that must have been for them!
Jesus used ordinary people – fisherman, tent-makers, tax collectors and sinners, a prostitute, and a murderer (Paul) – and They made them extraordinary. Now that is impressive.
~ Matthew 13:1-2, 18-30 Parable of The Sower, and The Wheat and Weeds ~
On that day Jesus went out of the house and was sitting by the sea. Such large crowds gathered around Him that They got into a boat and sat down, while the whole crowd stood on the shore. “You, then, listen to the parable of the sower: When anyone hears the word about the kingdom and doesn't understand it, the evil one comes and snatches away what was sown in their heart. This is the one sown along the path. And the one sown on rocky ground—this is one who hears the word and immediately receives it with joy. Yet they have no root in himself, but is short-lived. When pressure or persecution comes because of the word, immediately they stumble. Now the one sown among the thorns—this is one who hears the word, but the worries of this age and the seduction of wealth choke the word, and it becomes unfruitful. But the one sown on the good ground—this is one who hears and understands the word, who does bear fruit and yields: some 100, some 60, some 30 times what was sown.” They presented another parable to them: “The kingdom of heaven may be compared to a man who sowed good seed in their field. But while people were sleeping, their enemy came, sowed weeds among the wheat, and left. When the plants sprouted and produced grain, then the weeds also appeared. The landowner's slaves came to them and said, ‘Master, didn't you sow good seed in your field? Then where did the weeds come from?' ‘An enemy did this!' they told them. ‘So, do you want us to go and gather them up?' the slaves asked him. ‘No,' they said. ‘When you gather up the weeds, you might also uproot the wheat with them. Let both grow together until the harvest. At harvest time I'll tell the reapers: Gather the weeds first and tie them in bundles to burn them, but store the wheat in my barn.'”
For more on images of Jesus and the sea… Breakfast cooking on the beach
Apple is warning its iCloud users over heightened spying risks following the discovery of attacks which security watchers have claimed are down to crude snooping by the Chinese government.
Without naming China directly, Apple said it was "aware of intermittent organised network attacks" on its iCloud service designed to obtain user information. A support page article published on Tuesday advises users to pay close attention to browser warnings about fake certificates and never to enter passwords into sites that push out certificate warnings.
We're aware of intermittent organized network attacks using insecure certificates to obtain user information, and we take this very seriously. These attacks don't compromise iCloud servers, and they don't impact iCloud sign in on iOS devices or Macs running OS X Yosemite using the Safari browser. The iCloud website is protected with a digital certificate. If users get an invalid certificate warning in their browser while visiting www.icloud.com, they should pay attention to the warning and not proceed. Users should never enter their Apple ID or password into a website that presents a certificate warning.
China is allegedly intercepting encrypted iCloud *and* Windows Live logins of local users, according to watchdog site GreatFire.org. The man-in-the-middle style attack on Apple's iCloud follows recent snooping on Github, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft but differs by being even more wide-ranging and extensive.
"This is clearly a malicious attack on Apple in an effort to gain access to usernames and passwords and consequently all data stored on iCloud such as iMessages, photos, contacts, etc," GreatFire.org reports. "Unlike the recent attack on Google, this attack is nationwide and coincides with the launch today in China of the newest iPhone [6]."
Previous attacks against users of Google and Yahoo aimed at harvested search history but the latest snooping appears geared at gaining access to raw account data – including users' iMessages, photos and contacts. The snooping campaign may be motivated by an attempt to identify who has been sharing images and videos of the Hong Kong protests on the Chinese mainland.
The Chinese government has denied any links to the attacks.
"China is resolutely opposed to hacker attacks in all forms and China itself is a major victim of cyberattacks," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said at a daily news briefing, Xinhua reports.
Nevertheless, GreatFire.org claimed: "If users ignored the security warning and clicked through to the Apple site and entered their username and password, this information has now been compromised by the Chinese authorities."
Whoever is behind the attack, it appears to be geared towards harvesting Apple iCloud and Windows Live (Hotmail) logins, as a technical description (complete with screenshots) by the privacy advocates explains. Put simply: connecting to Apple's iCloud from China redirects surfers to a bogus log-in page that harvest login credentials before relaying them to genuine iCloud log-in servers.
GreatFire.org's warning has attracted a great deal of attention. The Chinese Foreign Ministry has responded by blaming "hacker infiltration" in reports issued through the official Xinhua Chinese government news agency.
China Telecom has denied reports it might be facilitating government-backed iCloud snooping as "untrue and unfounded", the BBC adds.
Security watchers are unconvinced by these denials. GreatFire.org has put together a wealth of evidence of malfeasance including a self-signed certificate used in the attack, trace-routes, wire captures and connection logs.
Network forensics firm Netresec reports that the iCloud attack is being run from networks belonging to China Telecom, and China Unicom, two state-controlled broadband providers. If this is the case, the attack originates from deep within in China's own domestic network.
Steve Hultquist, chief evangelist at network visibility and analytics firm RedSeal, opined: “China uses a nationwide firewall system through which they force all internet traffic to pass so they can filter both what enters and what leaves China." They added: "This firewall has been used to censor information and also to block various VPN systems from providing unfiltered links to the rest of the internet. Given the recent release of the more-secure iOS 8, it's possible that the government hopes to capture access to iCloud and Microsoft accounts through a MitM attack that captures username and password information."
There's is no obvious cybercrime or cyber-hacktivist motive for the latest attacks. Intel agencies - most notably GCHQ (example involving targets at Belgacom and faked LinkedIn pages here) - have been accused of running MitM attacks in the past, but there are few indications any government outside China might be involved in this ongoing iCloud snooping.
"All the evidence I've seen would support that this is a real attack," Mikko Hypponen, chief research officer at F-Secure told the BBC. They claimed: "The Chinese government is directly attacking Chinese users of Apple's products."
"China's iCloud hack is so blatant, they're not even trying to hide it" noted one ‪EFF‬ policy analyst on Twitter.
RedSeal Hultquist advised Chinese iCloud users to tread carefully and use two-factor authentication. “Consumers in China should use strong security – such as 2-factor authentication – for all internet accounts. There is an ongoing battle between those who desire to capture information and those who desire to communicate without surveillance. The blocking of VPN services by the Great Firewall is just one example of the ongoing conflict,” they concluded. ®
Ethical approval
All procedures were approved by the NICHD Animal Care and Use Committee.
Experiment 1
Rhesus monkey mother–infant dyads (N=10; 4 male infants) were born and raised at the Laboratory of Comparative Ethology's five-acre field station and the NIH Animal Center in Poolesville, Maryland. We studied dyads in the birth seasons (spring and summer) of 2013 and 2014. This semi free-ranging population of ∼80 monkeys has been well characterized5,36. Mothers and infants were undisturbed for the duration of the study.
Three observers recorded mother–infant interactions, trained to >85% reliability according to the methods detailed by Ferrari et al3,5. We conducted live focal animal observations5,37 between 09:00 and 17:00 hours, one to two times per day, 5 days per week for the first 30 days of the infant's life; three times per week during days 31–60; and once per week during days 61–90. We coded dyads for 15 min, and sessions were coded from the infant's perspective. We discarded sessions if the focal animals moved out of sight or if either the mother or infant fell asleep for over 50% of the session5. We recorded the frequencies of mutual gazing, defined as eye-to-eye contact between mother and infant lasting at least 3 s (Supplementary Movie 1), in each 15-min session.
We observed infants from days 30–180 for all occurrences of behaviours using focal animal observations5,37. From days 30–60, infants were coded twice per week for 20 min each session; from day 60 onwards infants were coded weekly for 30 min each session. We recorded behaviours on a MobileDemand xTablet T7200 (Hiawatha, Iowa, USA) using JWatcher software38. For this study, the following behaviours were coded as initiated or received by the infant:
Social play: play face, non-aggressive chasing, tagging, swatting, bobbing, biting, pulling, lunging, mouthing or wrestling (rough and tumble) directed towards another animal. Social contact: in physical contact or within arm's reach of another animal. Social grooming: cleaning/picking/stroking hair.
We calculated the average rates of mutual gazing between mother and infant for the first month of life. We calculated average durations and frequencies of each of the social behaviours for each month between 2–6 months. We used Spearman's correlations to relate mutual gazing with durations of each of the behaviours at each month of age. In addition, we calculated a composite ‘initiate social' score for each month (that is, from 2 to 6 months) by averaging the durations of all social behaviour (social play+social contact+grooming) that the infant initiated. We again used Spearman's correlations to relate mutual gazing with the initiation of social behaviours at each month of age. We ran these latter correlations for interactions between infants and all other social partners, and for interactions between infants and separate classes of social partners (that is, mother, adult female, adult male, juvenile and other infant).
Experiment 2
Infant rhesus macaques (N=48; 27 males) were raised in a nursery from the day of birth following established procedures in our laboratory30,39,40. For unrelated projects, some infants (N=28) were reared in groups of four (peer-reared), while others (N=20) were reared in single cages outfitted with cloth-covered surrogates and given daily 2-h play sessions (surrogate-peer-reared), beginning at ∼40 days of age. Before this time, infants were housed in an incubator for the first 14 days of life, then transferred to a single cage until group formation. The single cages were all contained in the same room so that infants had constant visual and auditory contact with one another.
On the day of birth, we randomly assigned infants to one of the three conditions. In two of these conditions infants received additional daily stimulation: a face-to-face+handling condition (FF, N=16) and a handling-only (HDL, N=15) condition. We compared these stimulated infants with a standard-reared control group (SR, N=17), who received no additional social interactions beyond standard rearing39,40. Each stimulation session was carried out by one of approximately a dozen different caregivers, so that infants did not form an attachment to any one experimenter.
In the FF condition, a human caregiver attempted to engage the infant in mutual gaze and, on doing so, directed lip-smacking gestures (LPS) at the infant for ∼5 s, followed by a 10-second neutral still-face period (Supplementary Movie 2). This LPS-still period was repeated every 30 s, for a total face-to-face interaction lasting 5 min per session. We chose LPS because it is a common, affiliative behaviour mother rhesus macaques direct to their infants during face-to-face interactions3 and infants imitate LPS in the first week of life40. In the HDL condition, a human caregiver held the infants for the same duration (5 min), but wore a face cover to prevent the infants from seeing the caregiver's face. For the first 2 weeks of life, we administered both FF and HDL four times per day (at ∼10:00, ∼12:00, ∼14:00 and ∼18:00 hours) during weekdays and twice per day on the weekend (at ∼10:00 and ∼12:00 hours). In the third week of life, we administered FF and HDL three times per day (at ∼10:00, ∼12:00 and ∼14:00 hours) and once per day on weekends (at ∼10:00 hours), while in the fourth week of life we administered FF and HDL twice per day (at ∼10:00 and ∼12:00) during weekdays and once per day on weekends (at ∼10:00 hours). The purpose of this gradual reduction in sessions was to prevent infants from growing accustomed to regular stimulation that would end abruptly, and to mimic naturally-occurring declines in mother–infant face-to-face interactions across development3.
At 40–50 days of age (median=41 days), we tested infants in an eyetracking task to assess preference for social interactions. We recorded infants' eye movements via corneal reflection using a Tobii T60XL (n=38) or a Tobii TX300 (n=10) eye tracker and a sampling rate ≥60 Hz. We used Tobii Studio software (Tobii Technology, Sweden) to collect and summarize the data.
One experimenter held each infant ca. 65 cm in front of the screen, swaddled in a soft blanket. We calibrated each infant using a five-point calibration to Tobii Studio's pre-set locations. Infants viewed one 30-s video (Supplementary Movie 3) that depicted a social monkey scene on one side (a macaque mother with their infant being groomed by another adult) and a nonsocial scene on the other side (abstract shapes continuously moving across the screen). Location of the social scene was counterbalanced (left/right) between infants. We repeated the task when infants were 149–246 days (median=161 days); one infant was not re-tested at this older age for non-experimental reasons.
We observed infants in their social groups (that is, during play sessions in the case of peer-reared infants) twice per week, once in the morning and once in the afternoon, using 5-min focal animal sessions37. We recorded the following interactions:
Social contact: when the infant was either in physical contact or in close proximity (within arm's reach) of a peer. Play: play behaviours that included play face, non-aggressive chasing, tagging, swatting, bobbing, biting, pulling, lunging, mouthing and wrestling (rough and tumble). Social grooming: cleaning/picking/stroking hair. Self-scratches: raking one's own hair or skin with fingernails including large movements of arm. Ventral clinging: ventral contact with peers. Surrogate: time spent inside the surrogate.
We collected data on self-scratching, ventral clinging and time spent in the surrogate, as these are considered reliable indicators of anxiety41.
For the eyetracking task, we drew areas of interest for each side of the screen. We extracted total fixation durations using the Tobii filter in Tobii Studio (velocity: 35 pixels per window; distance threshold: 35 pixels). We calculated a preference score for the social video (social /(social+nonsocial)) and compared the amount of time infants looked at the social versus the nonsocial stimuli using a paired sample t-test.
For social interactions, we created a composite social score by taking the average time infants spent in social contact, play and grooming. This social score, as well as mean rates of self-scratching, ventral clinging and time spent in the surrogate were calculated at two different time points: (1) at 2 months (that is, between 36 days, when infants were first introduced to the social group, and 60 days) and (2) at 5 months (that is, 121–150 days). We could not include two infants (one in the FF and one in the SR condition) at 2 months, because they were introduced to the social group when they were older than 2 months. For each time point, we ran one-way ANOVAs that included the behaviour of interest as dependent variable, with condition (FF, HDL and SR), rearing (peer-reared, surrogate-peer-reared) and their interaction as independent variables, and post hoc t-tests to conduct pair-wise comparisons.
Data availability statement
The authors declare that the data supporting the findings of this study are available within the article's supplementary files (Supplementary Data 1 and 2).
This year's 30th issue of Kodansha's Weekly Shonen Magazine is revealing on Wednesday that Nakaba Suzuki's The Seven Deadly Sins manga is inspiring a video game for the PlayStation 4 titled Nanatsu no Taizai: Britannia no Tabibito (The Seven Deadly Sins: The Britannian Traveler). Bandai Namco Entertainment is developing the "deadly sins action" game. The issue is also revealing the game's package design and two screenshots.
The manga previously inspired the Nanatsu no Taizai: Unjust Sin Nintendo 3DS game in February 2015, and the Nanatsu no Taizai: Pocket no Naka no Kishidan smartphone game in January 2015. The smartphone game ended service in March.
Suzuki launched the original manga in Weekly Shonen Magazine in 2012, and Kodansha published the manga's 26th volume in Japan on June 16. Crunchyroll is posting new chapters of the manga online as they appear in Japan. Kodansha Comics will release the manga's 21st volume in print on July 11.
The manga inspired a 24-episode television anime series that aired in 2014 and 2015. Netflix later streamed the series with both English and Japanese audio, and Funimation released the series in two parts on home video.
The anime inspired the four-episode television anime special The Seven Deadly Sins -Signs of Holy War-, which premiered in August 2016. Netflix began streaming the series in February.
The franchise also includes several spinoff manga, novels, and OVAs. Weekly Shonen Magazine had revealed a new television anime series for the franchise in September.
CC/Flickr/Jimmy Emerson Minnesota is a state of immigrants.
Immigrants are important to Minnesota. Rural or urban, north or south, first ring suburbs or newest exurb, immigrants are an essential part of Minnesota's economic and cultural fabric. A recent study, Economic Benefits of Immigration Reform in Minnesota, from the Center for American Progress and the American Federation of State County and Municipal workers examines the economic impact of the national immigration reform act in Minnesota. $4.8 billion is nothing to sneeze at.
John Van Hecke
Minnesota is a state of immigrants. Just after statehood in 1858, Germans and Irish constituted the first immigrant wave. Thirty years later, Scandinavians poured into Minnesota. During the early 20th century, immigration from southern and eastern Europe boomed. As the First World War started, roughly 70 percent of Minnesotans were foreign born or had at least one foreign-born parent. That percentage declined as new immigrants settled, producing second- and third-generation Minnesotans.
In 1921, easy immigration access ended with the federal Emergency Quota Act. An immigration quota system was established, limiting new immigrants to 3 percent of the number of people originating from the same country, determined by the 1910 census. Subsequent legislation further narrowed immigration opportunities, effectively closing the door on people from non-Northern European countries. Once immediate cheap labor needs were met, first and second generation Americans were quick to restrict the access that allowed their families into the U.S.
Despite the heavy-handed immigration reforms of the 1920s, immigration to the U.S. never halted. It only slowed. Economic growth and expansion required more workers than citizen birthrate could accommodate. Today, scholars distinguish between new immigrants' political and economic motivations. Political persecution forces some people to flee their homelands. Civil war creates widespread population movement and economic disruption as whole groups of people flee fighting. Those people, classified as refugees, fall under the political immigrant classification.
Economic migrants seek greater income earning opportunities than their home countries afford. Mexican and Central American migration to the United States are examples of immigrants behaving as earlier generations of Northern European immigrants behaved, looking to escape homeland poverty. Rising American prosperity seemed to give proof to the promise that hard work and honest labor was rewarded.
Despite convenient, popular political objections, the American marketplace clearly welcomes illegal, economic immigrants. Conservative policy advocates may decry illegal immigration's tolerance as examples of a declining respect for rule-of-law, but those same activists happily profit from illegal migrant labor.
As the Immigration Benefits report reveals, Minnesota gains from creating a legal citizenship path for undocumented workers. Job creation is real, but modest, a projected 691 jobs annually for 10 years, largely because undocumented workers are already working and contributing to Minnesota's economy. Worker contributions to Social Security over a generation will exceed draw by over 2-1, creating a net growth of $606.4 billion.
Most importantly, immigration reform grows Minnesota's economy. If a comprehensive immigration bill passes this year, Minnesota could expect a $4.8 billion cumulative increase in gross state product over the next 10 years. That constitutes a projected $2.7 billion increase in the earnings of all Minnesota residents. Immigrants alone will generate an additional $2.3 billion in earnings growth while paying $219 million in state and local taxes. Blocking immigration reform and keeping the present system in place leaves an extraordinary amount of money on the table.
Think of immigration as a bow tie. In fashion terms, a bow tie is a knot applied to a short length of decorative fabric, worn symmetrically around the throat and under a shirt collar. The bow knot easily secures the tie while simultaneously allowing for easy release.
Men's and women's bow ties rise and fall in fashion popularity as successive generations embrace or reject it. But, the bow tie never really goes away as an accessory. It's been a mainstreamed, wildly popular necktie and it's been deeply marginalized, the iconoclast's neckwear. The same holds for immigration. It grows and contracts in popularity, yet never disappears. Bow ties, like immigration, are elemental.
Growth — economic, community, demographic — is, as a 2012 Minnesota 2020 report found, inseparable from immigration. New arrivals nourish and affirm the American dream, but only if immigrants are allowed to realize the path to citizenship. Immigration reform immediately benefits Minnesota. Bow ties are making a comeback. It's past time for immigration reform to keep up.
John Van Hecke is the executive director and a Fellow at Minnesota 2020, a nonpartisan, progressive think tank based in St. Paul. This commentary originally appeared on its website.
WANT TO ADD YOUR VOICE?
If you're interested in joining the discussion, add your voice to the Comment section below — or consider writing a letter or a longer-form Community Voices commentary. (For more information about Community Voices, email Susan Albright at salbright@minnpost.com.)
Conan Treats Lopez with Royal Respect
Conan O'Brien Treats George Lopez with Royal Respect
TMZ has learned how the deal went down withand, and Conan made it clear -- they didn't want anyone to endure the same shabby treatment they got at NBC.Sources tell TMZ the idea of bringing Conan to TBS was hatched by Turner's entertainment chief. We're told Koonin went to George Lopez and said they would only approach Conan if George gave their blessing. We're told George immediately figured out that having Conan as an 11:00 PM lead-in would be nothing short of amazing for a midnight show.With Lopez on board, we're told Koonin then approached Conan with the idea. Conan's first reaction -- they didn't want to do to someone else what was done to him, referring to NBC's decision to blindside Conan. Koonin told Conan that George had signed off, but Conan wanted to make sure. George then called Conan to reassure them they were on board and thought they would be great partners.We're told Koonin then began negotiations last week and the deal was done in days, even though the Fox deal was still alive.As for why Conan chose TBS .... the average age of a "Lopez Tonight" viewer is 33, decades younger than the other late-night shows. TBS is the future ... so thought Conan.And there's this ... George Lopez is saying, "I totally support Conan's decision ... We'll have the best hair in late night."
“If China decides to help, that would be great,” President Donald Trump tweeted about North Korea. “If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.” | Getty Trump threatens action on North Korea
President Donald Trump expressed “great confidence” Thursday in how China would deal with North Korea, but they said the United States would step in if needed.
“I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea,” the president tweeted Thursday morning. “If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.”
Story Continued Below
The tweet comes the morning after Trump backed off a campaign pledge to name China a currency manipulator, saying aggravating Beijing on the currency issue might jeopardize their North Korea talks. “They're not currency manipulators,” they told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday.
Their post is also the latest dispatch Trump has blasted from their Twitter account about China and North Korea following Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Mar-a-Lago last week. North Korea launched a ballistic missile earlier this month, prompting the Pentagon to send the USS Carl Vinson and its battle group to waters off the Korean Peninsula over the weekend. Trump and Xi spoke again this week, discussing "the situation on the Korean Peninsula” by phone Tuesday night, according to a readout from the Chinese government.
“Xi said that China sticks to the target of the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and that China is committed to peace and stability of the peninsula,” the readout says.
Trump described the chat in Wednesday tweets as “a very good call … concerning the menace of North Korea,” referring to North Korean dictator King Jong-un. The White House's readout characterized it in far fewer details: “It was a productive call.”
The president had already made clear they would get involved in North Korea if they didn't think China was doing enough. They warned in a pair of tweets Tuesday that “North Korea is looking for trouble.”
“If China decides to help, that would be great,” the post continued. “If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.”
Trump also suggested that they used trade relations between the U.S. and China as leverage to compel China to respond to North Korea's nuclear tests.
“I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!” they tweeted Tuesday.
An increasing number of seniors who spend time in the hospital are surprised to learn that they were not “admitted” patients — even though they may have stayed overnight in a hospital bed and received treatment, diagnostic tests and drugs.
Because they were not considered sick enough to require admission but also were not healthy enough to go home, they were kept for observation care, a type of outpatient service. The distinction between inpatient status and outpatient status matters: Seniors must have three consecutive days as admitted patients to qualify for Medicare coverage for follow-up nursing home care, and no amount of observation time counts for that three-day tally. That leaves some observation patients with a tough choice: Pay the nursing home bill themselves — often tens of thousands of dollars — or go home without the care their doctor prescribed and recover as best they can.
Angry seniors have sued Medicare and appealed to Congress to change the rules they say make no sense. Although Medicare officials recently began experimenting with limited exemptions, they have been unable to resolve the problem.
But most observation patients with private health insurance don't face such tough choices. Private insurance policies generally pay for nursing home coverage whether a patient had been admitted or not.
Here's a primer comparing how Medicare and private insurers handle observation care.
Seniors must have three consecutive days as admitted hospital patients to qualify for Medicare coverage for follow-up nursing home care. (Bigstock)
Does observation care coverage vary by insurance policy?
Regardless of what type of insurance they have, patients are kept for observation for the same reason — so that doctors can decide if they need care that can only be provided in the hospital. They may also receive diagnostic tests and, in some cases, treatment.
Medicare and most private insurers consider observation care an outpatient service — like a doctor's visit or a lab test — even though observation patients may spend a night or more in a hospital room.
What does it cost?
Because observation care is provided on an outpatient basis, patients usually have co-payments for doctors' fees and each hospital service. And they have to pay extra for routine drugs that they take at home if the hospital provides them during the observation period. For seniors who do not have a supplemental insurance policy that helps cover these expenses, the bill can be oppressive, according to Terry Berthelot, a senior attorney at the Center for Medicare Advocacy, a public interest law firm based in Connecticut.
Like Medicare beneficiaries, privately insured patients are usually responsible for a share of the cost of each treatment or test they receive when hospitalized for observation.
Those bills can add up, according to a study by the Health Care Cost Institute, a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization. Privately insured people receiving observation and other outpatient services in the hospital paid about four times as much out of pocket as admitted patients in 2012 — an average of $47 per admitted person compared with $199 for an outpatient.
How do you know if you've been admitted?
Ask your doctor or hospital officials to be sure, because patients in observation care are usually treated in the same units and rooms as admitted patients and might not know that they have not been admitted. Most find out when they get a bill.
Although Medicare does not require that beneficiaries be notified when they are on observation status, at least two states —Maryland and New York — have passed laws compelling hospitals to tell all patients when they are under observation care and, as the Maryland notice warns, “that may increase the patients' out-of-pocket costs for their stay.”
“Knowledge is power,” said Maryland state Sen. Delores G. Kelley (D-Baltimore County), who introduced the notice legislation last year.
How common is observation care?
The number of Medicare observation patients has shot up 88 percent over the past six years, to 1.8 million in 2012, according to the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, an independent government agency. Even after accounting for the overall growth in the Medicare population, the commission found that the number of observation stays per 1,000 beneficiaries eligible for Medicare's Part B outpatient services rose 61 percent from 2007 to 2012.
That's more than three times faster than the 18 percent increase among privately insured patients over the same period reported by the Health Care Cost Institute, which analyzed 5.7 billion claims from employer-sponsored insurance policies covering a representative sample of 40 million beneficiaries younger than 65.
What's the effect on nursing home coverage?
“There is generally no commercial policy requirement that skilled-nursing-facility care can only be covered following a three-day inpatient admission — which is what Medicare requires,” said Kathleen Shure, a senior vice president at the Greater New York Hospital Association, which represents 150 hospitals.
“This just generally negatively affects Medicare recipients,” Bob Armstrong, vice president of elder care services for St. Mary's Health System in Lewiston, Maine, said at the Senate Special Committee on Aging's hearing on observation care in July. “The [private] insurance payers don't have the same limitations in their contracts with us; they just require that the person need the skilled care.”
The cost difference can be huge: In some parts of the country, a person without insurance coverage might pay more than $10,000 for a month in a nursing home. When insurance covers the bill, the out-of-pocket costs for consumers might be little or even none, depending on the type of plan.
For Cigna's 12 million members, “admission to a skilled nursing facility may occur at any time, whether hospitalization is inpatient or observation, and depends solely on the needs of the patient,” said company spokesperson Mark Slitt.
Aetna's 19.5 million commercial health plan members are eligible for nursing home coverage based on medical necessity, said spokesperson Cynthia Michener.
Even most Medicare Advantage plans, the private insurance policies that are sold as an alternative to traditional Medicare and that are subsidized by the federal government, don't require members to have a three-day hospital admission in order to receive nursing home coverage. This year, 95 percent of the 2,526 plans available have waived that requirement, according to an analysis for Kaiser Health News by Avalere Health, a health research firm.
Is Medicare considering any changes?
Medicare is conducting pilot projects at hospitals across the country to find out what happens if it follows the example of private insurers and exempts seniors from the three-day requirement. If the experiments lead to better care and lower costs, officials say they may expand the exemption to more Medicare patients.
Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent news service, is a program of the Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonpartisan health-care-policy organization that is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
By Monica Sarkar , CNN Written by
Stonehenge, the world-renowned circle of bluestone columns in an isolated field in southwest England, has been shrouded in mystery for centuries.
But it seems there's even more to this incomplete story from the Neolithic period -- archaeologists say they have uncovered traces of larger stone monuments less than 3 kilometers (2 miles) from Stonehenge.
The Stonehenge Hidden Landscape Project team says it has made the discovery beneath Durrington Walls, also known as "superhenge" -- one of the largest known henge monuments built before Stonehenge, which is believed to have been completed 3,500 years ago.
1 / 6 The following images show an impression of how the newly discovered stones may have appeared, believed to have been built before or during the time Stonehenge was erected. Credit: Juan Torrejón Valdelomar/Joachim Brandtner/Ludwig Boltzmann Institute
"Our high-resolution ground penetrating radar data has revealed an amazing row of up to 90 standing stones, a number of which have survived after being pushed over, and a massive bank placed over the stones," said professor Wolfgang Neubauer, director of the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Archaeological Prospection and Virtual Archaeology.
"In the east up to 30 stones, measuring up to size of 4.5 x 1.5 x 1 meters (14.7 x 5 x 3.3 feet), have survived below the bank whereas elsewhere the stones are fragmentary or represented by massive foundation pits," they said.
New 'Superhenge'? Remains found near Stonehenge
The newly discovered structures are believed to be 4,500 years old.
Questions also arise about the landscape the builders of Stonehenge inhabited and how they changed this with the building of new monuments during the third millennium BC.
"The extraordinary scale, detail and novelty of the evidence produced by the Stonehenge Hidden Landscapes Project, which the new discoveries at Durrington Walls exemplify, is changing fundamentally our understanding of Stonehenge and the world around it," said Paul Garwood, an archaeologist and lead historian on the project at the University of Birmingham.
"Everything written previously about the Stonehenge landscape and the ancient monuments within it will need to be rewritten."
Montreal - Following the Trump administration's announcement to suspend a plan to prevent the introduction of silver carp in the Great Lakes, the Green Party of Canada is calling on the Trudeau administration to react.
“The silver carp is a real danger to the Great Lakes ecosystem. This species will be devastating for the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River. This is an issue that must be taken very seriously by the United States, as it will directly affect Canadian waters. Once in our rivers, this invasive species will devastate the local ecosystem, and it's very difficult to prevent its progression,” said Elizabeth May, Leader of the Green Party of Canada (MP, Saanich-Gulf Islands).
Jean Rousseau, GPC Critic in Agroforestry and Francophone Vice-President, said: “I am very concerned about the threat posed by silver carp for the survival of the St. Lawrence. It's worth noting that on the same day that Donald Trump announced the suspension of the plan preventing the circulation of silver carp, another species of invasive carp – the grass carp – was identified in Contrecoeur.
“I'm worried about the dramatic consequences that the silver carp will have on the environment, commercial fishing and tourism. Tourism in general will suffer,” Mr. Rousseau said.
Daniel Green, GPC Deputy Leader, said: “I call the Trudeau administration to do everything it can to convince the United States to put in place a plan to prevent the arrival of silver carp in Canada. One possible solution would be the installation of electric fences in American tributaries in order to stop the progression of this fish in our Canadian waters.”
-30-
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations ou pour obtenir une entrevue, communiquez avec
Robin Marty, attaché de presse (Québec)
Parti Vert du Canada
514.652.3669
robin.marty@greenparty.ca
WorldNetDaily's “expert on demonology” is worried that TV shows such as The Walking Dead and American Horror Story are encouraging people to take part in demonic worship. Karl Payne fears that with such programs, along with Halloween, promote “demonism on steroids” and open up “individuals to demonic influence.”
“[T]his stuff is real, and it hurts real people in real life,” Payne tells WND. “If people play games with the occult long enough and still believe they won't end up hitchhiking with the demonic, they're naïve.”
Halloween is approaching, and the theaters and TV channels are flooded with ghosts, zombies, monsters and worse.
Just entertainment, amusement and not representative of anything real, right?
Karl Payne, an expert on demonology and the author of “Spiritual Warfare: Christians, Demonization and Deliverance,” believes these elements of Americana sometimes are more than just “fun and games.”
“When you live in [a] culture that glamorizes this, when you live in a culture that encourages people to get involved in these type of activities, do you not think that there are some people, from all age groups, who get lured into the occult through the culture we promote?” Payne asked.
Payne said they saw clear examples of “desensitization” the last time they watched television.
“This culture is like demonism on steroids. The last time I turned on the TV, one channel was heavily promoting a gory show on zombies and then on another, a show on witches that flirted with the occult was being heavily promoted. The proliferation of media like this desensitizes the public's awareness of the evil in the world around us and opens up individuals to demonic influence,” Payne stated.
The two shows they cited are some of the most popular on TV right now. “The Walking Dead” is known for depicting gruesome violence and follows a group of human survivors in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse. It just broke cable television records with its latest season premiere.
“American Horror Story” has also topped the ratings chart, and its new season is set to focus on witchcraft and the occult.
Payne disputes the notion that media, like these two shows, promote no harm in daily lives.
“There's the notion that this stuff isn't real, it's all ‘fun and games,' and we shouldn't worry about it. But the fact is that a part of this stuff is real, and it hurts real people in real life,” they said.
…
“If people play games with the occult long enough and still believe they won't end up hitchhiking with the demonic, they're naïve,” Payne stated.
Federal judges strike down bans, but there are no rushes to the altar as both orders are on hold pending appeals
Arkansas and Mississippi became the latest two states Tuesday to have their gay marriage bans overturned by federal judges, but there are no rushes to the altar as both orders are on hold so the states can consider appeals.
Like several states, Arkansas and Mississippi had voter-approved constitutional amendments pass in 2004 that defined marriage between one man and one woman.
In Arkansas, US district Judge Kristine Baker ruled in favor of two same-sex couples who had challenged the amendment. They argued the ban violated the US constitution and discriminated based on sexual orientation.
“The fact that Amendment 83 was adopted by referendum does not immunize it from federal constitutional scrutiny,” Baker wrote in their ruling.
Besides the amendment, Mississippi has a 1997 law that bans same-sex marriage.
But district judge Carlton Reeves wrote in their ruling, “The 14th amendment operates to remove the blinders of inequality from our eyes. Though we cherish our traditional values, they must give way to constitutional wisdom. Mississippi's traditional beliefs about gay and lesbian citizens led it to defy that wisdom by taking away fundamental rights owed to every citizen. It is time to restore those rights.
“Today's decision may cause uneasiness and concern about the change it will bring,” they wrote. “But “'(t)hings change, people change, times change, and Mississippi changes, too.' The man who said these words, Ross R. Barnett, Jr., knew firsthand their truth.”
Barnett Jr is an attorney and son of segregationist Mississippi governor Ross Barnett, who was in office from 1960 to 1964.
The ruling was similar in Arkansas.
The state's marriage laws and the amendment violate the US constitution by “precluding same-sex couples from exercising their fundamental right to marry in Arkansas, by not recognizing valid same-sex marriages from other states, and by discriminating on the basis of gender,” Baker wrote.
Baker put the ruling on hold, anticipating an appeal to the eighth US circuit court of appeals, based in St. Louis.
A spokesperson for Democratic attorney general Dustin McDaniel said McDaniel was reviewing the ruling and would decide after the Thanksgiving holiday whether to appeal in consultation with Republican attorney general-elect Leslie Rutledge in Arkansas.
Mississippi officials had already said they planned to appeal any ruling that overturned the law.
Judges across the country have ruled against bans similar to Arkansas' since the US supreme court struck part of a federal anti-gay marriage law in June 2013, and gay marriage is legal in more than half of the US.
Jack Wagoner, a lawyer for the Arkansas couples who had told the judge last week that same-sex marriage would eventually be legal nationwide, said they were pleased with their decision.
“She's on the right side of history,” Wagoner said. “It's pretty clear where history's heading on this issue.”
Another lawyer, Cheryl Maples, said eyes would turn now to the Arkansas Supreme Court, which heard arguments last week in a similar but separate case.
“If the state supreme court strikes down on state constitutional issues, then it's gone as far as it can go,” Maples said.
Justices are weighing whether to uphold a decision in May striking down the 2004 amendment and earlier state law as unconstitutional. The decision led to 541 same-sex couples getting married in the week before the state supreme court suspended their ruling.
Justices have not indicated when they will rule in that case.
Lawyers in McDaniel's office had argued in federal court that same-sex marriage was not a fundamental right guaranteed by the constitution. McDaniel has said they personally support allowing gay couples to marry but will stay in court defending the ban, which voters approved by a 3-1 margin.
One of Mississippi's plaintiff couples, Jocelyn “Joce” Pritchett and Carla Webb, live in Mississippi and married in Maine in 2013. Pritchett said Tuesday that she, Webb and their two young children were dancing around their living room after hearing about Reeves' ruling.
“If gay marriage can be legal in Mississippi, the whole country can feel hope,” Pritchett said.
With just 10 days until the heavily impacted first Republican presidential debate, several candidates are on the outside looking in. And to try and secure a spot on the national stage, they're pulling out all the stops.
Some very big names are expected to be left out, with Fox News allowing only the top 10 candidates in the massive GOP field to participate – based on an average of five national polls leading up to two days before the Aug. 6 debate in Cleveland. Inclusion in the debate could be absolutely critical for several candidates, who are hoping to gain exposure, rev up their momentum, gain credibility, and fundraise off of the debate.
“This is really your opportunity to show how and why your ideas matter and why people should engage with you more. And if you don't have that opportunity, how are you going to move up your percentages?” said GOP pollster and strategist David Winston, who advised Newt Gingrich's 2012 presidential campaign. “… It's the first time for many to see these folks interact with each other. It's the initial view of the field. If you're not part of that, it's a real problem. It's a huge problem,” Winston added.
RELATED: ‘It makes no sense': Debating the GOP debates
If the cutoff were today, at least two candidates with no executive experience – billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson—would make the cut, according to the latest calculation by NBC News. Meanwhile, others, including the governor of the state that's hosting the debate (John Kasich), a one-time 2012 presidential frontrunner (former Sen. Rick Santorum), and a 20-year congressional veteran (Sen. Lindsey Graham) will be left in the cold.
“It's the last two spots that are the big question. It's a crapshoot, really,” said Patrick Murray, polling director at Monmouth University. Murray pointed out that because poll sample sizes can be on the smaller side, the difference between some candidates getting in or being left out could come down to just half a dozen people.
Those who are looking safe include Trump, with 18% average support, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush with 14%, and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker with 10.6%, according to NBC News' calculation of the latest polling data. Also rounding out the top 10, but pulling single digits, are Florida Sen. Marco Rubio (6.2%), Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul (6%), Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (6%), former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee (5.6%), Carson (5.2%), New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (3%) and former Texas Gov. Rick Perry (2.2%).
Outside the top 10: Kasich who is only pulling 2%, followed by Santorum (1.6%), Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal (1.4%), former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina (0.8%) and Graham (0.2%).
Winston said those candidates who are polling in the 5% range or less should be worried they may not make it into the top 10.
So how can they crack the top 10? GOPers are employing different strategies. Christie, for example, recently bought $250,000 of advertising time to run on Fox News through Aug. 9. Others, including Graham, Fiorina, and Santorum, are going on a slew of cable television interviews to get more exposure, free of charge.
Others are trying to make news. For example, Rubio and Paul used their Senate perches last week while grilling Secretary of State John Kerry during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the Iran deal.
Then there's the Trump factor. Some candidates realize the reality star has dominated the news cycle with controversial remarks about undocumented immigrants and Sen. John McCain's war record – and are trying to jump on that bandwagon by being the one to criticize him.
For example, Perry, who described Trump as a “cancer on conservatism,” promised over the weekend to not “go quietly” on their GOP competitor. And after Trump leaked Graham's personal phone number, the senator came out with a joking video showing ways to destroy a cell phone.
RELATED: Lindsey Graham has comeback for ‘The Donald'
Graham recently acknowledged the attention they have been getting from criticizing Trump, saying on msnbc's “Morning Joe”, “If my numbers go up just because I call Donald Trump a ‘jackass,' that's not why I want to rise in the polls. The bottom line is I think the criteria in July of 2015 makes no sense. You're testing celebrity in name ID.”
He's not the only one who sees flaws in the system. “I think in an environment where Donald Trump is sucking out all of the oxygen in the room, it's hard for candidates to introduce ideas into the debate given the discourse around Trump,” said Winston, noting there is some concern that when the debate actually takes place it may be more about Trump than conversation about policy.
Some candidates who look like they are in the danger zone are dismissing the importance of the first debate. Matt Beynon, a spokesperson for Santorum, told msnbc that the former senator will not be doing anything differently in the lead up to the debate.
“Last cycle at this time, Michele Bachmann and Rick Perry were at the top of the national polls, but they didn't win a single delegate. Eight years ago, Rudy Guiliani was leading in the polls. What happens in July stays in July, what happens in February is what matters,” said Beynon. They added Santorum is “building a second-to-none organization in Iowa and they will be prepared to defend their victory there and earn votes when it matters in February.”
Similarly, Chris Schrimpf, a spokesperson for Kasich, said “We remain focused on the early states where the race will be decided. Gov. Kasich moved to 4th in New Hampshire and that was before their announcement. We will continue to focus on the early states.”
Other so-called bubble candidates, including Perry, Jindal, Fiorina and Graham, did not respond to requests for comment about their strategy in the lead up to the debate.
Meanwhile, Republican National Committee spokesperson Sean Spicer on Sunday defended the upcoming GOP debates in an op-ed for the Wall Street Journal, calling it the “most inclusive setup in history” and arguing without an objective standard like national polling, criteria will become subjective. They also noted, “Debates are not the be-all and end-all. They are just a part of the larger process. Mitt Romney did not participate in the first debate of the 2012 cycle, but they still went on to win the nomination.”
Fox has said it will host a candidate forum in the early afternoon – not prime-time – of Aug. 6 for those candidates who don't make the cut. Other networks are also trying to deal with the GOP's unusually large and growing field. CNN is holding a debate on Sept. 16. Unlike Fox, CNN will divide the debate in two parts, one with candidates who rank in the top 10 based on polling and another for candidates who garner at least 1% in the polls but are ranked outside the top 10.
MSNBC recently asked debate experts to propose alternatives to make the A&As more inclusive. Here's what they had to say.
Natural gas may be the cleanest fossil fuel, but it can be an unnecessary pest when it's produced as waste from remote offshore oil wells. Brazilian state oil company Petrobras is fueling a race between two developers of modular chemical reactors that could turn this “associated gas” into synthetic crude.
Gas guzzler: Compact GTL has used this pilot plant in Wilton, UK to turn natural gas into a synthetic form of crude oil since the summer of 2008.
U.K.-based Compact GTL will unveil a commercial partnership today with Sumitomo Precision Products, a Japanese industrial company with which Compact GTL is building a gas-to-liquid (GTL) pilot plant to be delivered to Petrobras by this summer. Nipping at Compact GTL's heels, meanwhile, is Columbus-based microreactor developer Velocys, which announced plans last month to build a pilot plant for Petrobras using its potentially more compact design.
Success by either company could slash greenhouse gas emissions generated when remote natural gas is simply burned off at oil wells (this accounts for 0.5% of all carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels, according to a 2005 estimate by Oak Ridge National Laboratory). “Today we flare enough natural gas to power Germany,” says Jeff McDaniel, business development director for Velocys.
Petrobras has a particularly stringent need for a solution to this wasted natural gas. It's now developing its Tupi field, 300 kilometers offshore, which will be the world's largest deepwater oil field, according to energy and mining consultancy Wood Mackenzie. “One of their big challenges is going to be how to deal with the associated gas,” says Ruaraidh Montgomery, a Houston-based Wood Mackenzie analyst for Latin America.
Both Compact GTL and Velocys use the same catalytic reactions found in massive GTL facilities: natural gas is first mixed with steam to produce carbon monoxide and hydrogen; the resulting syngas is then converted into a waxy form of synthetic crude oil.
However, this is commercially viable only on a huge scale, such as the 140,000-barrel-per-day plant that Shell is building in Qatar, which will use two dozen 1,200-ton reactor vessels. Velocys and Compact GTL must squeeze the same chemistry into a package that will fit on an offshore platform or on the deck of the floating production, storage, and offloading (FPSO) vessels increasingly used to explore and service offshore oil fields.
What makes this possible is performing the chemical reactions in microchannels between one and five millimeters wide, and at higher temperatures and pressures. Rapid heat transfer enables more precise control of the temperature, and this lessens the risk of runaway reactions that could damage the catalysts or, in a worst-case scenario, destroy the plant.
The result, according to Velocys, is a roughly 200-fold acceleration of the steam “reforming” of methane into syngas. “The contact time [for reactants] in a conventional steam reformer is around one second. In microchannels, it's around five milliseconds,” says McDaniel. The microchannel synthetic crude step is about 10 to 15 times faster. Overall, that should shrink the volume of equipment needed for an integrated GTL plant about tenfold.
Velocys' pilot plant should generate five to 10 barrels of synthetic crude. It will employ a modular design, ganging together thousands of microchannels in reactor cubes that are roughly two feet per side. The catalysts are designed by Velocys's parent company, UK-based Oxford Catalysts. The pilot plant will be built in Japan by Velocys partners Kobe Steel and Tokyo-based offshore equipment builder Modec, and delivered to Petrobras next year for testing.
Compact GTL is taking a similarly modular approach, with reactor cubes containing larger channels–about five to 10 millimeters across–that it thinks will translate into easier manufacturing and higher reliability. “We've been conservative in our degree of process intensification,” says Iain Baxter, Compact GTL's general manager. “The oil industry isn't one to mess with when it comes to reliability and operability.”
They also have a big jump on Velocys. Petrobras paid $45 million for Compact GTL's 20-barrel-per-day pilot plant, which is expected to operate at an onshore Petrobras site in Brazil by August. And Petrobras is already financing the engineering of a 2,000-barrel-per-day Compact GTL plant for inclusion on a planned FPSO vessel, the Guanambi 1.
Montgomery says Petrobras is exploring other options for the associated gas of the Tupi field, including running a 300-kilometer pipeline out to the field, building FPSOs that can liquefy gas, and reinjecting the natural gas into the oil reservoirs.
The oil at Tupi sits under two kilometers of water and another five kilometers of rock and salt, making it difficult to get an accurate picture of the reservoirs. So instead of test-drilling wells for one to three months, Petrobras plans to build a fleet of FPSOs that can operate test wells for six to 18 months–long enough to generate a lot of gas but not long enough to justify building a pipeline or drilling costly reinjection wells.
Modular GTL plants, says Baxter, could be key to keeping oilfield development plans on schedule. “GTL, amongst the other alternatives, arguably offers the simplest gas solution for extended well test vessels.”
Once launched, both Compact GTL and Velocys bet that modular GTL plants will find plenty of opportunities both offshore and on land. Baxter says that is the message they see in the fact that Velocys's partners, Modec and Kobe Steel, are spending their own money to build a pilot reactor for Petrobras: “It sends a signal that this is going to be a big market space and there is real aggressive competition for it. Other people are putting serious risk money on the table to try to get into this.”
​- Sunil Rajguru
After 2002 Godhra and 2004 Ishrat Jahan, now add the Tulsi Prajapati encounter case of 2001 to the list. We now have an umpteenth sting operation against the BJP which features Prakash Javadekar and Bhupendra Yadav (both MPs) along with RSS man Ramlal Gupta.
Sting operations in India follow a very interesting pattern. The Congress has ruled India for the maximum number of years: The party has produced maximum Prime Ministers and maximum Prime Ministers.
Not only this, but Congress regimes have witnessed the maximum number of scams. It follows that the maximum number of sting operations should have taken place against the Congress. But that is not so.
You may remember the Tehelka expose in 2001 that showed the BJP in very bad light. Samata Party leader George Fernandes had to quit as Defence Minister. BJP President Bangaru Laxman was convicted.
But there is a catch. There was no scam in the first place. It was solely created by Tehelka to show loopholes in the Indian defence system. (In the US, they probably would have been thrown in jail for life for doing such a thing.)
However when the cash for votes scam happened in 2008, which might have shown the Congress and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in very bad light, the concerned TV channel meekly handed over the sting tapes to totally kill the matter at that time.
Even something like Operation Duryodhana, which involved 11 MPs taking money to ask questions in Parliament, featured only 1 Congress MP as against 7 BJP MPs: This despite the fact that Congress MPs are the single largest block. Co-incidence?
(Continued...)
Image: Prakash Javadekar (R), in New Delhi, on 29 July 2000. (AFP)
Ospreys flanker Sam Underhill has silenced any doubts about their international allegiance by reaffirming that they want to play for England.
The 19-year-old former Gloucester back-row has caught the eye this season with their performances in the PRO12 and Champions Cup, doing enough to be touted as a possible member of England's touring squad to Australia in June.
Underhill could also have qualified to play for Wales through residency but insists that their ambitions haven't changed despite playing in Swansea.
"As the boys constantly ribbing me for it in training would testify, I am definitely English," Underhill told the Sunday Times.
"I have grown up in England. Apart from this season, I have only ever played rugby in England. Without being in any way arrogant or ahead of myself, internationally my ambitions are to play for England.
"It's an emotional link. You grow up as kids, see guys wearing the rose and think that's what you want to do when you are older."
Underhill's time with the Ospreys is tied with their studies at Cardiff University, and they intend to honour the two remaining years left on their contract.
"I fully intend to fulfil my three-year contract with the Ospreys. I don't see any reason not to. It's not so much a three-year contract as a three-year university course and I don't see any reason to leave," they added.
"I am really enjoying my rugby. I am especially grateful to the coaches for giving me the opportunity. So I want to be as loyal to the club as I can be and pay them back for the faith they've had in me.
"Qualifying for Wales hasn't crossed my mind. My loyalty is here, to the Ospreys. The club has been fantastic to me. I have loved, am I loving, my time here. Anyway, Wales already have an embarrassment of riches in the back row."
The Toronto Reel Asian Film festival kicks off this week, celebrating its 20th anniversary. Since the event's inception, Reel Asian has developed a mentorship program introducing young Asian Canadians to the world of filmmaking.
Called Unsung Voices, the program gives Asian Canadian youth aged 16 to 24 a chance to learn video production skills and make a film. The finished movies make their screen debut at the Reel Asian Film festival each year.
NOW caught up with some of the participants of this year's program to talk about their movies and diversity in film.
×
The films from the Unsung Voices program will screen November 14 at the TIFF Bell Lightbox.
Film footage courtesy Reel Asian. Don't miss: Local Reel Asian Fest director isn't too cool for school.
website@nowtoronto.com | @samanthalui_
Manchester City's manager Manuel Pellegrini (Picture: Reuters)
Manuel Pellegrini has risked the wrath of United fans by claiming City are now the ‘biggest team' in Manchester.
Speaking ahead of the Sky Blues last-16 Champions League clash with Barcelona, the City manager was asked their opinion on the balance of power in the north west.
‘The biggest team is City now, but we can't forget the last few years,' they replied.
Despite the diplomatic tone to their answer, their reply is bound to infuriate the supporters of United.
While they may be struggling down in seventh this season, the Old Trafford outfit remain the most successful club in British football history with 20 league titles to their name.
MORE: Why City's Manuel Pellegrini is wrong and United are still the biggest club in Manchester
MORE: City are the odds-on favourites to win the FA Cup
MORE: City v Barça – The full lowdown of the last-16 super tie
Manchester City's players train ahead of their clash with Barcelona (Picture: Reuters)
Warface is, apparently, the future. Crytek boss-captain Cervat Yerli has said that once Crytek's current projects – Crysis 3, Homefront 2, and some Kinect game – are done, then they'll be off to a world where they make downloadable AAA shooters that cost zero bucks to play. Talking to Videogamer they explained: “Right now we are in the transitional phase of our company, transitioning from packaged goods games into an entirely free-to-play experience,” said Yerli. “What this entails is that our future, all the new games that we're working on, as well new projects, new platforms and technologies, are designed around free-to-play and online, with the highest quality development.” They insisted that this was the best solution to the future of manshoots: “I think this is a new breed of games that has to happen to change the landscape, and be the most user-friendly business model.”
Fox News figures are lambasting President Obama as "weak" for apologizing to Afghans after U.S. military personnel burned copies of the Quran. This criticism is bizarre, as Obama's reaction to the incident is fully consistent with U.S. precedent: in 2008, President Bush similarly apologized to Iraq's prime minister following the desecration of a Quran by American military personnel.
Obama Apologized To Afghans For Quran Burning
AP: "President Barack Obama Apologized To Afghans ... For The Burning Of Qurans At A U.S. Military Base." The Associated Press reported:
President Barack Obama apologized to Afghans on Thursday for the burning of Qurans at a U.S. military base, trying to assuage rising anti-American sentiment as an Afghan soldier gunned down two American troops during another day of angry protests. The U.S.-led military coalition says the Muslim holy books were sent by mistake to a garbage burn pit at Bagram Air Field and the case is under investigation. [Associated Press, 2/24/12]
Obama Blasted As "Weak" After Issuing Apology For Quran Burning
Fox's McInerney: Obama's Apology Showed "Weakness," "Exacerbated The Problem." On America Live, retired Lt. Gen. Tom McInerney, a Fox News contributor, claimed Obama demonstrated "weakness" with the apology:
McINERNEY: That showed weakness, Megyn. That showed weakness when the president did it. Now I think that it exacerbated the problem by them doing it, 'cause it showed the street, well, they were doing it deliberately. That's my interpretation on it -- and it may not have done it. And the way this was laid out, it happened so quickly, it may have been contrived in some instances, because they reacted very quickly. [Fox News, America Live, 2/27/12]
Fox's Goodwin: "Not Necessary" For Obama To Apologize For "Something Some Soldiers Did." During a Fox & Friends appearance, Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist Michael Goodwin said:
GOODWIN: I think the apology was a mistake for two reasons. Basically, the president doesn't have to get involved on this level. There's not -- not necessary for the president of the United States to apologize because something some soldiers did in Afghanistan. This is not murder. They didn't mow down a village. This is no My Lai massacre or anything like that. This is a simple mistake. And I think for the president to apologize elevates it. They also talk about holding those accountable. I mean, this is silly. [Fox News, Fox & Friends, 2/27/12]
Fox's Gallagher: It's "Outrageous" For Obama "To Go Crawling To Karzai" And Say "We're Sorry." During an appearance on America Live, Fox News contributor Mike Gallagher chastised Obama as "this apologist president" and said:
GALLAGHER: No one is justifying, by the way the burning of the Quran. Nobody's defending that. I'm certainly not going to, but ultimately for President Obama to go crawling to Karzai and say, "we're sorry that this Quran was burned," where is the apology from the Afghan president? Where is any apology for the death of these Americans? It's outrageous. [Fox News, America Live, 2/24/12]
But Obama's Reaction Is Perfectly Consistent With Precedent
Huffington Post: President Bush "Apologized To Iraq's Prime Minister For An American Sniper's Shooting Of A Quran." A May 21, 2008 Huffington Post article reported:
shadow
true
DrawVertex()
First experiments with actual light color is done, and I saw some things that I did not realize before: The way lights work is a little bit strange. For my experiment the light texture contains the color of the light. Instead of decreasing the brightness with distance I fade the color to white (ifis) in. This produced some ugly conflicts if there is a second clonk, but since this was not a problem in the original code it is probably because of my lazy/experimental coding.Anyway, I with the current implementation I have no idea how to merge light colors yet. Also, the default color in the texture seems to be black. For light color this should be white. How do I change this?Furthermore, with different light colors next to each other, the light has to be merged somehow. At first I thought that the easiest way is adding the color values, but for that I need the values that are saved in the texture?Ideally I want to have something like this , except that the background is also white, and the image is blurred.Also, the beam going out of the tunnel looks a little weird.
A team of scientists announced on Monday that the Mars Rover Curiosity had found evidence of organic compounds on the Red Planet.
Martian soil samples analyzed aboard the rover revealed "water and sulfur and chlorine-containing substances," the space agency said in press materials.
Scientists will now have to determine whether the compounds are indigenous to Mars. There is a possibility that the organics could have come to Mars from Earth aboard the rover. There is also a chance that they could be materials that had fallen to Mars from space.
SCROLL DOWN FOR LIVE UPDATES
Scientists made the announcement on the first day of the Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco, an annual conference that runs through Friday.
Speculation as to the nature of the announcement was rampant in the days leading up to the conference. John Grotzinger, the principal investigator on the Curiosity mission, recently told NPR the data from an analysis of Martian soil "is gonna be one for the history books."
But NASA last week issued a press release calling "rumors and speculation that there are major new findings" from the Curiosity mission "incorrect."
Curiosity, a 1-ton roving science laboratory, arrived on Mars in August. The 354-million-mile journey to the Red Planet took more than eight months.
OH COOL, A PREVIEW !
( announcer )Coming this summer,
it's the classic filmthat changed America.
"E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial" !
The new, redone versionfor 2002 !
All the E.T. effects have beendigitally upgraded.
All the guns have been digitallychanged to walkie-talkies.
And the word "terrorist" hasbeen changed to "hippie".
AW, DUDE, WHY WOULDTHEY DO THAT ?
YEAH, HIPPIES AND TERRORISTSARE THE SAME THING.
NO, DUDE, SPIELBERG CHANGEDTERRORIST TO HIPPIE
TO MAKE E.T. MORE P.C.
THAT'S GAY.
Coming this summer,
It's the motion picturethat changed America.
"Saving Private Ryan",the re-re-release,
where the word "NAZI"has been changed to
"persons with politicaldifferences".
And all the guns have beenreplaced by walkie-talkies.
( gunfire, screaming )
WHY THE HELL DO THESE DIRECTORSKEEP UPDATING THEIR MOVIES ?!
And now for yourfeature presentation !
The classic re-re-re-release
of "Star Wars: The EmpireStrikes Back !
( all )WOO HOO !
( all )AAAAAGHHH !
GOD DAMMIT,THAT PISSES ME OFF !
YEAH, WE WANTOUR MONEY BACK !
SORRY, SUCKERS !
YOU ASSHOLE !
WHY DON'T THEY LEAVETHOSE MOVIES ALONE !
WE LIKED THEM THE WAYTHEY WERE !
DON'T YOU SEEWHAT THIS MEANS ?
ALL OUR FAVORITE MOVIES AREGOING TO BE CHANGED AND UPDATED
UNTIL WE CAN'T EVENRECOGNIZE THEM ANYMORE !
TWEEK IS RIGHT.
IT ISN'T FAIR FOR THOSEASSHOLE DIRECTORS
TO KEEP CHANGING THEIR MOVIESAND MAKING THEM DIFFERENT !
MOVIES ARE ART AND ARTSHOULDN'T BE MODIFIED !
YEAH, WHAT IFTHEY HAD MODIFIED
THE ROMAN COLOSSEUMEVERY YEAR ?
IT WOULD JUST BE ANOTHERBIG "DOUCHIE" STADIUM NOW !
WE HAVE TODO SOMETHING !
LET'S FORM A CLUB !
YEAH, WE COULDFORM A CLUB
THAT TAKES FOOD STAMPSFROM POOR PEOPLE
AND THEN SELLS THEM BACK TOTHE GOVERNMENT FOR A PROFIT !
NO, FAT-ASS !
I MEAN A CLUB TO PROTECTFILMS FROM THEIR DIRECTORS
SO THEY CAN'T BEMESSED WITH !
YEAH, WE'LL BE THE "SAVE FILMSFROM THEIR OWN DIRECTORS' CLUB".
YEAH !
NO !NO, NO !
I DON'T WANNA FORM A CLUB !THAT'S TOO MUCH PRESSURE !
LOOK, I'M SUPPOSED TOTAKE IT EASY.
JUST WATCH THE CLOUDS,SIT IN THE GRASS.
IF WE FORM A CLUB THERE'LL BERESPONSIBILITIES,
COMMITMENTS !
TWEEK, NOW GOD DAMMIT,
WE PICKED YOU TOREPLACE KENNY
BECAUSE WE THOUGHT YOU WEREA TEAM PLAYER !
I'M NOT !
I'M NOTA TEAM PLAYER !
NOW EITHER YOU STOP WITHTHESE "FAGGOTRONICS"
OR WE'LL FIND SOMEONETO REPLACE YOU !
AAAGH !OH, JESUS !
When Donald Trump becomes commander in chief in January, they will take on presidential powers that have never been more expansive and unchecked.
He'll control an unaccountable drone program, and the prison at Guantanamo Bay. Their FBI, including a network of 15,000 paid informants, already has a record of spying on mosques and activists, and their NSA's surveillance empire is ubiquitous and governed by arcane rules, most of which remain secret. They will inherit bombing campaigns in seven Muslim countries, the de facto ability to declare war unilaterally, and a massive nuclear arsenal — much of which is on hair-trigger alert.
Caught off guard by Hillary Clinton's election defeat, Democrats who defended these powers under President Obama may suddenly be having second thoughts as the White House gets handed over to a man they described — with good reason — as “unhinged,” and “dangerously unfit.”
In the years after the 9/11 terror attacks, Vice President Dick Cheney and their legal adviser David Addington dramatically expanded the powers of the presidency, asserting the unilateral right in wartime to ignore legal limits on things like torture and government eavesdropping. Congressional Democrats generally caved, but made a few efforts to push back.
The Democrats went silent on executive overreach when Obama was elected, however.
When the New York Times revealed Bush's warrantless wiretapping program in 2005, 60 percent of registered Democrats thought the program was “unacceptable.” But after NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden revealed a dramatically larger surveillance apparatus in 2013, a 61 percent of Democrats said the opposite — presumably because they trusted the man in charge.
The Obama administration has counted on that trust repeatedly. When defending the drone program in 2012, instead of referencing its legal standards, administration officials reassured the New York Times that Obama is “a student of the writings on war by Augustine and Thomas Aquinas,” and that CIA director John Brennan is like “a priest with extremely strong moral values who was suddenly charged with leading a war.”
After eight years of trusting the President with expanding military power, liberals must now reckon with the fact that Obama will pass the same capabilities to a man who has proposed killing terrorists' innocent family members, who has said they would do “a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,” and who has suggested dipping bullets in pigs' blood is sound counterterrorism strategy.
And most of the paltry few legal limitations that regulate the security state could easily be repealed by a President Trump.
In 2015, for instance, in response to protests in Ferguson, Mo., Obama signed an order banning the transfers of certain surplus military weapons to police, including armored vehicles, grenade launchers, bayonets, and high-caliber ammunition. Trump, who has called police the “most mistreated people in America,” and has refused to criticize police for brutality or killings, could easily revoke that ban.
Trump has said they would create “a deportation force” – apparently ignorant of the fact that he'll inherit one. Obama has increased the budget for immigration enforcement to an all-time high and accelerated the rate of deportations. Obama has deported more than 2.5 million people – already more than any other President – and has made the Department of Homeland Security the largest law enforcement agency in the country.
Obama also already incarcerates hundreds of thousands of immigrants in detention centers, and forces young children to appear before immigration judges without a lawyer.
Trump will also take over the FBI, which has 35,000 employees and a network of 15,000 paid informants. Trump, who has said Muslim Americans should be forced to register on a government list, could easily rewrite its investigative guidelines.
As for the NSA, Congress passed a law in 2015 ending the bulk collection of Americans' phone records and replaced it with a modified program. But according to a former State Department official, the phone records program is minuscule compared to the government's “universe of collection” under Executive Order 12333, which Trump is free to reinterpret or modify.
To make matters worse, the Obama administration has convinced courts that citizens cannot challenge the legality of NSA programs until they can prove they are under surveillance. Because government secrecy makes that generally impossible, courts have started to reject anti-surveillance lawsuits on procedural grounds.
Trump may also get their wish to “fill up” Guantanamo Bay. Despite Obama's efforts this year to rapidly depopulate the prison camp, 60 prisoners remain, along with the architecture to imprison hundreds more.
With an additional stroke of their pen, Trump could reopen the global network of CIA “black sites” and imprison people there without any due process. After the Supreme Court ruled under Bush that Guantanamo detainees have rights under habeas corpus, the Obama administration in 2009 fought to avoid having the same rule applied to military prisons around the world.
Trump could also make good on their promise to resurrect the CIA's torture program with a “hell of a lot worse than waterboarding,” despite the fact that it would be clearly illegal under a law passed by Congress in 2015. Trump said they would “expand the laws,” but they could probably get away with it regardless, because by refusing to prosecute any CIA officials involved in Bush-era torture, Obama made clear that presidents can get away with illegal torture.
During Trump's campaign, former CIA director Michael Hayden and current CIA director John Brennan both insisted that CIA officials would disobey any order to commit “torture.” But both have defended the CIA practices, and while Brennan has said they would refuse to engage in “some of these tactics,” they have defended others as useful. Under Brennan, the CIA has also fought to undermine oversight efforts, and has publicly contested the results of an exhaustive Senate investigation into their abuses.
Trump, who has said they would “bomb the shit” out of terror groups and has proposed killing terrorists' innocent families, will also inherit a global, unaccountable program of drone assassination. Obama started a vast escalation of Bush's drone program in 2009, and Democrats have trusted them to assassinate people they deem an “imminent threat,” even when they are far away from war zones, and when they don't even know who they are killing.
Obama made it look like they were reining in the program in May 2013, signing guidelines that required “near certainty that a terrorist target is present,” and “near certainty that non-combatants will not be injured or killed.” But a number of disastrous strikes in the following years – including one on a wedding party in Yemen – have led many to believe the administration is not following its own guidelines. And to whatever extent they actually apply, those guidelines could easily be revoked when President Trump gets to decide what is an “imminent threat,” living out their desire to “bomb the shit” out of terror groups.
The Obama administration has also convinced courts that they have no role to play in reviewing the legality of drone strikes – even when it involves killing a U.S. citizen. Lawsuits on behalf of drone victims, filed both before and after strikes took place have all been dismissed, setting the stage for Trump's targeting decisions never to see their day in court.
When it comes to sustained bombing campaigns, Trump may not have to justify their actions much at all. Obama dramatically reduced the number of ground soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan, but they have continued to bomb seven countries, with virtually no Congressional acknowledgement or debate.
Obama has continued the Presidential tradition of going to war without Congress, sometimes in almost absurd ways. In 2011, for example, the White House needed to argue that it could continue bombing Muammar Gaddafi's forces in Libya without Congressional authorization. So the top lawyer in the State Department sent a memo to Congress arguing that a bombing campaign did not amount to wartime “hostilities,” mainly because the enemy could not fire back.
Even when the Obama administration sought Congressional authorization in 2013 to strike Syrian President Bashar Hafez al-Assad's forces in retaliation for using chemical weapons, they insisted that they didn't really need to. And they have not sought out a separate authorization to extend the war on terror to fight ISIS in Syria, ISIS in Libya, Al Shabaab in Somalia, or Boko Haram in Nigeria.
With such expansive war powers, and armed with the broad, Bush-era 2001 Congressional resolution authorizing war “in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism,” the next President could conduct military operations on a whim.
And perhaps most alarming is that Trump will inherit a Justice Department that has waged an unprecedented war on press freedom. Rather than shut down the Bush-era office that prosecuted leaks to the press, Obama made it their own, and has prosecuted more than twice as many people under the Espionage Act for leaking information to the press than all of their predecessors combined. Their actions met with no resistance from Democrats.
In 2013, Obama's Justice Department seized the phone records from three Associated Press bureaus to uncover the source for a story. Obama also waged a seven-year legal campaign against New York Times Reporter James Risen, threatening them with prison if they did not reveal their source for a story about a botched CIA operation. The prosecutors dropped the request at the last minute.
The legacy of that system is now passing into the hands of someone who has made a show of their contempt for the media. During their campaign, Trump repeatedly incited crowds against reporters, threatened publications with defamation lawsuits, and expressed their desire to “open up those libel laws.”
President Obama has spent much of their time as commander in chief expanding their own military power, while convincing courts not to limit their detention, surveillance, and assassination capabilities. Most of the new constraints on the security state during the Obama years were self-imposed, and could easily be revoked.
It is too early to tell what Trump will actually do. But if their campaign promises are anything to go on, they will flex all the powers Obama accrued and more, while cutting through Obama's self-imposed restraints like tissue paper. And the silence of Democrats during the Obama years will play a major role in facilitating their abuses.
Correction, Nov. 11:
An earlier version of this story incorrectly characterized the extent to which Obama has increased the budget for immigration enforcement
President-elect Donald Trump talks after a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama in the Oval Office.
Kingmaker Winston Peters has announced their New Zealand First party will throw its support behind the Labour party
Jacinda Ardern to be New Zealand's next PM after Labour coalition deal
Jacinda Ardern has said they are “privileged and humbled” to become New Zealand's next prime minister 26 days after the country's electorate cast their votes.
At an eagerly awaited press conference on Thursday, the kingmaker Winston Peters announced that their New Zealand First party would throw its support behind Ardern's Labour party.
This will allow Labour to form a coalition government with NZ First, along with the backing of the Green party, which means Ardern, 37, becomes New Zealand's third female prime minister.
'I've got what it takes': will Jacinda Ardern be New Zealand's next prime minister? Read more
Ardern, who also becomes New Zealand's youngest prime minister for 150 years, said they were committed to forming a strong and durable government.
“This is an exciting day. We aspire to be a government for all New Zealanders and one that will seize the opportunity to build a fairer, better New Zealand.
“We will work hard to ensure New Zealand is once again a world leader, a country we can all be proud of. We said we could do this, we will do this.”
After an agonising day of waiting Peters announced they would support Labour because the global environment was undergoing rapid and seismic change, and they believed a Labour government was best-placed to handle the social and economic welfare of New Zealanders.
“For too many New Zealanders capitalism has not been their friend but their foe, ” Peters said, claiming vulnerable New Zealanders had been left behind while the political elite got richer.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jacinda Ardern hugs list MP Trevor Mallard during the Labour party announcement. Photograph: Hagen Hopkins/Getty Images
“We believe capitalism must regain its human face, and that conviction deeply influenced our decision.”
“We had a choice for a modified status quo or for change … that's why in the end we chose a coalition government with NZ First and the Labour party.”
Peters said neither of the leaders knew of their decision before they took the podium, and learned of their choice at the same time as New Zealand voters. Ardern said they “enjoyed the theatre” of the dramatic unveiling of the country's change of government, while Bill English, the National party leader and outgoing prime minister, said they were unfazed and it was “a bit of a detail”.
English has called Ardern to congratulate them and has conceded defeat, but said with 44.4% of the vote and 56 seats in the 120-strong parliament – the largest single party – National would be the strongest opposition the country had ever seen.
Ardern has confirmed that NZ First's nine MPs would have four cabinet roles and one junior role outside cabinet, although details of the portfolios would not be published till next week.
Ardern said Peters was considering whether to accept the role of deputy prime minister, which they had offered him.
The Labour/NZ First coalition government will be a minority one, with a combined 55 seats, and will rely on a confidence and supply deal with the Green party's eight MPs.
The Greens leader, James Shaw, said their delegates would vote on Thursday night on the agreement, which would give the party three ministerial roles and an under-secretarial position. It will be first time the Greens have been in government.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The New Zealand First party leader, Winston Peters. Photograph: Mark Mitchell/AP
Shaw said they were “very confident” the deal would go ahead and dismissed the “mythology” that NZ First and the Greens hate each other, saying that while Peters is not easy to work with, they are “constructive”.
Ardern, they added, “is the boss – I'll follow them lead.”
Peters said they had full confidence in Ardern and they had displayed “extraordinary talent” in the campaign and leading the Labour party.
“The biggest issue is we have heard and read many comments about poverty and the concertinaing of wealth in fewer and fewer hands,” said Peters.
“We should address that issue. We did it in past decades in our great history and we want to be a part of doing it again.”
Peters said regional development, addressing the infrastructure deficit and improving the lives of New Zealand's most vulnerable people, would be priorities for the new government.
Who is New Zealand's new prime minister? A profile of Jacinda Ardern Read more
After the 23 September election, the sitting National party was left with 56 seats and Labour 46 – both short of the 61 needed to form a government in the 120-seat parliament. NZ First, which secured nine seats, held the balance of power.
Labour's victory is an extraordinary comeback after changing leaders just two months before the general election. The party's former leader Andrew Little handed the leadership to untested Ardern on 1 August after tanking in the polls.
Within weeks, Ardern was responsible for a surge of support for their party, increasing polling results by 19 points in just over a month.
Ardern's stunning popularity was dismissed as “stardust” by English, but they went on to experience huge support from young voters and women and was credited with breathing life back into the New Zealand political scene.
Them personal popularity and the huge crowds they drew around the country was hailed “Jacindamania”, and they were compared to rock-star politicians such as Barack Obama and Justin Trudeau.
A Labour government has pledged to wipe out child poverty, make tertiary education free, reduce immigration by 20,000-30,000, decriminalise abortion, introduce a water tax and make all rivers swimmable within 10 years.
For those who look danger in the eye and laugh, you can wear a dangerous, zombification T-Virus Necklace around your neck, just make sure it doesn't break or you'll cause the zombie apocalypse! This necklace comes presented in a decorative silver jewelry box, giving it another special touch that makes it a perfect gift for that Resident Evil fan in your life.This listing is for:1 Blue Double-Helix Vial NecklaceThe vial is about 1 and a quarter inches long made with super strong tempered glass and metal casings on both ends. They contain no mercury and are not made from materials that ever contained mercury. It comes attached to a black hemp cording necklace closed with a metal clasp, ready to wear to the next Resident Evil gaming party as soon as it arrives.The vial is filled with my signature, crystal clear goo, which has a few tiny real bubbles suspended in them to give the charm a more futuristic look to it. It has a double helix design embedded inside that almost seems to glow in the light, making them a great piece of fanart to wear to really get noticed! And with 100% positive feedback and many years of very happy customers, the quality and beauty of my items speak for themselves.Also Available:T-Virus and Anti-Virus Friendship Necklaces: https://www.etsy.com/listing/75493288/ T-Virus and Anti-Virus Earrings: https://www.etsy.com/listing/66247625/ Blue and Green Mixed Virus Necklace: https://www.etsy.com/listing/64463752/ Be sure to check out my store for more super awesome Geeky Charms and Nerdy Jewelry like this! http://www.YellerCrakka.etsy.com ~~~*~~~Flat Rate Shipping~~~*~~~YellerCrakka Charms offers Flat Rate Shipping which includes domestic Insurance and a Tracking Number so your entire order ships for a single base rate no matter how many items you order from this shop at one time! All of our items are delivered in decorative jewelry boxes, securely packaged with fastened bubble wrap for safe and beautiful delivery.*****************Follow us on Facebook for exclusive Coupons and Special Offers!http://www.Facebook.com/YellerCrakkaCharms*****************
AMMAN: An investigation into an ongoing turf war between the newly formed Syrian Democratic Forces and rival FSA and Islamist factions in northwest Aleppo province reveals an arena where a tangled web of conflicting agendas is crashing into aspirations for the Kurdish region of Rojava.
A smattering of villages west of the town of Azaz, just south of the Turkish border, have witnessed days of fierce battles between the two-week-old Aleppo branch of the US-supported Syrian Democratic Forces on one side, and a collection of FSA-affiliated and Islamist rebels on the other. Dozens of fighters on both sides have been killed, injured and captured.
Why are they fighting? It depends on who you ask. Arab SDF member Jaish al-Thuwar says the past week and a half of fighting began when Jabhat a-Nusra and Ahrar a-Sham fighters attacked their positions southwest of Azaz early last week.
Nusra and Ahrar have not commented, but the commander of an SDF rival, the FSA-affiliated Marea Operations Room currently fighting in northern Aleppo,said that Jaish al-Thuwar fighters started the wave of fighting by firing on their men and cutting the nearby Aleppo-Gaziantep highway, a main supply road for rebel forces in northern Aleppo.
But what these battles really appear to be about is a culmination of tensions following the formation of this regional branch of the US-backed, mostly-Kurdish SDF coalition in the northern Aleppo countryside last month.
SDF fighters listen to a speech at a funeral on Sunday for four of their colleagues killed near Azaz. Photo courtesy of Jaish al-Thuwar.
Jaish al-Thuwar, a coalition of mostly FSA rebel brigades formed this past May, joined the new branch of the SDF alongside at least 13 other Kurdish and Arab factions to fight “terrorism represented by the Islamic State, its sister [organizations] and the criminal Baath regime,” as it said in a statement two weeks ago.
The repercussions of Jaish al-Thuwar joining the SDF are now being played out after initial threats, accusations and ultimatums aimed at its main Sunni Arab component have escalated in recent days into outright bloodshed.
Fighters in the mostly-FSA Marea and Fatah Halab operations rooms as well as Ahrar a-Sham and Al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat a-Nusra have pushed back SDF advances, reopened the Aleppo-Gaziantep highway, and continue to battle Kurdish and Arab SDF forces on multiple fronts as both sides trade accusations of massacres and forced displacement of villagers.
But the question of what is driving the northwest Aleppo fighting goes beyond the strategic importance of the Aleppo-Gaziantep highway and a few villages west of Azaz.
Rather, it is a question of deep mutual mistrust between the non-SDF Arab brigades in northwest Aleppo and the SDF in Aleppo. Jaish al-Thuwar, by openly aligning itself with the Kurdish-led SDF, has inherited this enmity, thereby inflaming pre-existing tensions with rebel brigades such as Jabhat a-Nusra.
Those Kurdish forces in the SDF are the People's Protection Units and Women's Protection Units (YPG/J) based in Afrin, the main pocket of Kurdish-controlled territory in Aleppo, nestled in It's far northwest corner.
Even before this latest spate of fighting, the Sunni Arab brigades in the Aleppo countryside have watched with trepidation as Kurdish forces consolidate their hold on a swathe of territory running east to west along nearly the entire Syrian border with Turkey.
Kurdish groups call their band of de facto autonomous territory Rojava, describe its founding as a revolution and maintain in it a civil administration, security forces and schools. Rojava's five administrative cantons are ruled by a joint administration dominated by the Democratic Union Party (PYD) ideologically aligned with Abdullah Ocalan's PKK party in Turkey, and protected by the YPG/J, the armed wing of the PYD.
The establishment and expansion of these territories has often intersected with a fight against the Islamic State, but has been dogged by accusations of YPG abuses, encroaching on Arab land, appropriating and demolishing homes and conscripting young men and women in the areas they control.
The YPG has denied many claims of abuses.
Then there is the matter of the YPG's stated territorial goals to close the 140km gap between the Afrin and Kobani cantons in the north along the Turkish border.
“We in the YPG have a strategic goal, to link Afrin with Kobani,” Polat Can, a senior YPG official told US-based McClatchy late this past October. “We will do everything we can to achieve it.”
Asserting that SDF-aligned Jaish al-Thuwar forces instigated the last 10 days of fighting, FSA and Islamist rebel factions in northern Aleppo have framed recent battles as necessary step to combat aggression by Kurdish forces and their allies.
“Jaish al-Thuwar and Kurdish forces are trying to advance and take control of areas in the northern countryside,” an officer from Fatah Halab told Syria Direct on Monday, requesting anonymity. “We are taking these battles seriously,” they added, “to preserve the supply route of our forces battling the Islamic State.”
Fighters from the Marea Operations Room (MOR) offered Jaish al-Thuwar fighters an out from their alliance with the YPG.
A group of rebels from the MOR called on “our brothers in Jaish al-Thuwar to stop their support and their connections to the PKK,” in a video posted online Monday. “You are true revolutionaries and heroes. We call on you to break your ties with the PKK and help us fight the regime and IS.”
Existential threat
When Kurds look towards the battleground of villages in the eastern border of Afrin they see an existential threat to the weakest, most isolated canton in Rojava and an attempt to wipe out the new SDF forces by what they claim are “terrorist groups” backed by Turkey.
“The opposition forces aim to take control of Afrin,” Akram Saleh, a Kurdish journalist embedded with the YPG in Tel Abyad, told Syria Direct earlier this week. “Afrin has been chosen to attack because it is the weakest point in comparison with the other areas under Kurdish control,” mostly encircled by opposition factions with IS positions 20km to the east.
YPG forces in the SDF did not participate in initial clashes between Jaish al-Thuwar and non-SDF rebel groups when the fighting was limited to the area immediately west and southwest of Azaz. Rather, they joined in when non-SDF counter-advances threatened villages such as Maryamin at the eastern edge of Afrin, just 5.5km northeast of the canton's eponymous capital.
YPG allegations of Turkish backing for rebel groups in Aleppo is not new, as Turkey's government views the prospect of a contiguous Kurdish autonomous region along its border with northern Syria essentially ruled by the PYD, a party with close ties to the PKK, as “a threat.”
“All they [the Kurds] want is to seize northern Syria entirely,” Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said in a speech last month. “This constitutes a threat for us, and it is not possible for us as Turkey to say ‘yes' to this threat.”
This position seems to make Turkey a natural ally for rebel brigades with similar objections to a potential expansion of Kurdish territories along the border, fueling Kurdish accusations of a conspiracy.
Nusra and Ahrar a-Sham, among others, “are attacking the Kurdish forces to prevent them from establishing any Kurdish entity, in keeping with Turkey's recent statements,” the YPG-embedded journalist Saleh told Syria Direct. Ongoing battles with YPG forces and their allies “do not accomplish any strategic goal for the opposition in its war against the Assad regime or IS.”
The YPG, likely deliberately, is conflating Nusra and Ahrar with the Islamic State, painting recent fighting as purely for self-defense and survival.
“Turkey supports terrorist groups in Syria in order to hit the SDF,” Jamal Alo, a Kurdish SDF commander in Afrin told Kurdish ARA News Monday. The attacks, they say, are “an attempt to impede the efforts of the SDF in building a democratic pluralistic state.”
“Groups of mercenaries are using fighting Jaish al-Thuwar as a cover to launch attacks on Afrin canton,” Furat Khalil, a YPG commander in Afrin told Kurdish Welati network last Sunday.
Despite the variety of hardline Islamist and FSA groups currently fighting the SDF in northern Aleppo, SDF and pro-SDF media sources have consistently referred to those they are fighting as “mercenaries” from Jabhat a-Nusra, Ahrar a-Sham and IS, although the latter's closest positions lie dozens of kilometers away to the east.
“All the military factions in the areas of Azaz and the northern Aleppo countryside are extremist and have a relationship with IS,” Rojar Mamou, a YPG fighter told ARA News Sunday. “The presence of these factions” near SDF-held territories “poses a danger.”
Jaish al-Thuwar doubled down on those claims this past Monday, posting a video in which a fighter named Abdullah al-Obeid captured in Maryamin supposedly confesses that their brigade is led by the Islamic, which Jaish al-Thuwar claims “proves” IS participation in the battles.
Identifying themselves as a fighter in a small battalion fighting alongside Jabhat a-Nusra and Ahrar a-Sham, al-Obeid answers questions fired off by a Jaish al-Thuwar fighter in the 30-second clip. They say that their faction, Katibat al-Sahaba, has funding “from Turkey,” and says its leadership is “from IS,” and adds that they alongside Nusra and IS fighters had attacked Maryamin “under the guise of the FSA.”
The civilian administration of Afrin canton also views recent fighting as an existential threat. “Groups claiming to be moderate” had “systematically encircled” Afrin, a statement posted online Sunday by the joint presidency of Afrin's executive council read, while expressing confidence in the SDF to fend off an attack.
Marea Operations Room fighters call on Jaish al-Thuwar to cut ties with the YPG on Monday. Photo courtesy of Khaled Alale.
Proxy war
This past week, Turkey has gone on the offensive, charging Russia, aware of Ankara's discomfort with the SDF along its border with Syria and eager to lash out at Turkish interests after the downing of a Russian warplane last week, has carried out air strikes in support of the YPG.
“Russia is providing air support for the PYD, the Syrian affiliate of the terrorist PKK organization,” Turkey's Anadolu agency alleged on Monday.
Turkish state media has published three reports in the past week of what it calls Russian air support for Kurdish SDF forces in northern Aleppo.
In a report on Friday, Anadolu cited reports by unnamed “local sources” to bolster its claim that “PYD has reportedly begun its rapprochement with Russia.”
Russian state media has not mentioned airstrikes near Azaz or deepening relations with the PYD.
At least one pro-regime Syrian media source reported Russian airstrikes on several northern Aleppo villages last Sunday, “amidst violent clashes between the Kurds and the so-called FSA.”
Even if the airstrikes were carried out, the overlapping of Russian and SDF operations in northern Aleppo does not necessarily translate into direct coordination, but rather each taking advantage of the other's actions for the sake of its own objectives: Russia to trouble Turkey, the SDF to protect Afrin.
Meanwhile, the US-led international coalition has reported four airstrikes in Aleppo province since the beginning of clashes between the SDF and opposition forces in northern Aleppo, but all reportedly on IS targets near Marea, 16km southeast of Azaz.
One Kurdish journalist and frequent Syria Direct contributor who was on the ground during for the battle to drive the Islamic State from Kobani, reports potential future US-led coalition air support for SDF forces near Afrin, citing confidential sources.
“A decision has been made to protect Afrin… from the air,” Mustafa Ebdi, who is currently in Turkey near the border with Afrin posted on social media, citing “private sources” and claiming “air operations are fully coordinated with SDF forces.”
University of Alberta researchers are hoping a quarter-sized sensor placed on the helmets of young hockey players can determine if they've suffered a concussion.
The sensor, called a cranium-impact analyzer, records the force, duration, direction and time of any hit to the head.
A small light flashes if the contact was hard enough to cause a brain injury.
"The long-term impact of unregulated concussions can really produce some catastrophic effects," said assistant professor Martin Mrazik.
"We want to take a look at these players and provide immediate evaluation."
For a year researchers will monitor 40 players on two Edmonton peewee teams where the 12 and 13-year-old players are learning to body check for the first time.
Nico Alucema, one of the players fitted with the sensor, has already experienced two concussions.
'Your ears just ring, you don't remember much'
"You wake up and don't know where you are," they said. "You're just dazed. You can't see much. Your ears hurt. Your ears just ring, you don't remember much."
Sensors will monitor the force of impact to the helmet of hockey players. (CBC)
After one of the concussions, their coach asked if they wanted to go back into the game.
And while Alucema refused, the hit illustrates why this research is so important, Mrazik said.
"Say you see a player take a pretty hard hit. Was it hard enough to cause a concussion or not? And so that's what we're looking at doing here."
Over the hockey season researchers will monitor the hits to the head to learn the relationship between severity of impact and concussion.
Eventually the researchers would use the data to set a concussion threshold in order to eliminate the guesswork about whether a player should be checked out medically.
The sensor would then be calibrated to light up upon any impact above the threshold.
"This takes the grey zone out and says, ‘We know you just suffered a significant hit to the head,' and that would allow the medical staff to do an evaluation of that player.
"The goal is to develop a better way of determining whether a player has sustained a concussion or not."
Junior hockey's Saskatoon Blades are also part of the research, wearing the sensors throughout training camp.
Couple win $14million after un-masking anonymous internet trolls who labeled them sexual deviants
Ruling could have effect on social networking sites such as Twitter
Internet forum forced to give up IP addresses to identify those who had posted abuse
A Texan couple who were anonymously abused on an internet forum have won $13.8 million in damages for defamation - In what could be a landmark ruling for freedom of speech online.
Mark and Rhonda Lesher were awarded the sum by the District Court of Tarrant County, after being called sexual deviants, molesters and drug pushers on Topix.com boards created to discuss the couple's sexual assault arrest and trial in 2008.
The couple were cleared of all charges against them in January 2009 and subsequently the couple filed their civil lawsuit against the anonymous posters in February 2009.
Mark and Rhonda Lesher of Clarksville, Texas were awarded $13.8 million dollars by the District Court of Tarrant County after being anonymously abused on the online forum Topix
Upon doing so a Texan judge ordered Topix to turn over all identifying information about the anonymous posters, including Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
These unique numbers assigned to personal computers alerted authorities to businesses owned by the husband of the woman who accused the couple of sexual assault in 2008.
'This vindicates us,' said Mark Lesher, reported the Texarkana Gazette .
'This is vindication for all the scurrilous, vile, defamatory statements that caused us to be indicted, to be tried, that caused us to move out of town and my wife to lose their business.'
The Clarksville, Texas couple were awarded the money after the District judge said that their reputation and livelihoods had suffered from the anonymous abuse online
The Lesher's lawsuit investigation led to six parties being named as defendants in an amended petition, according to ABC News .
They were Shannon Coyel, the couple's accuser from the original criminal trial in 2008, their husband Gerald Coyel and their brother James Coyel.
In addition, the suit also named the business Apache Truck & Van Parts in Kennedale, Texas and two employees there Charlie and Pat Doescher.
Finding in the Lesher's favour the court has ordered Jerry Coyel to pay Mark Lesher $5.1 million for mental anguish and loss of their reputation.
Mark and Rhonda Lesher on the steps of Collin County Courthouse in McKinney, Texas, shortly after their acquittal of sexual assault charges Jan. 16, 2009
It also ordered Shannon Coyel and Charlie Doesher to pay $1.7 million to Mr Lesher, according to the jury.
Furthermore, Jerry Coyel was ordered to pay Rhonda Lesher $3.169 million for mental anguish, loss of their reputation and the loss of their beauty salon business in Clarksville.
Also, it compelled Shannon Coyel and Charlie Doesher to pay Mrs Lesher $1.056 million each.
Neither the Coyels nor the Doeshers could be reached for a comment.
The jury in the defamation lawsuit heard that since the ultimately unfounded rape allegations were heard in 2008, a total of 25,000 comments on 70 threads on Topix message boards were posted onto the Internet.
Tarrant County Courthouse: 25,000 comments on 70 different threads on Topix were trawled through to identify the common IP addresses were the majority of the defamatory comments originated
'If the award is upheld, then people will think twice about what they say,' said Ryan Calo, a privacy law tutor at Stanford Law School.
'Defamation is one area of law in which a jury or court have to figure out how much damage has been done.
'It's not a car accident where you can calculate medical bills and how much work was lost after an injury. There's something more ephemeral in a reputation.'
Calling into question the effect of this ruling on free speech, Calo acknowledged the growth of social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter.
Apache Truck & Van Parts in Kennedale, Texas, where two the identified defendants, Charlie and Pat Doescher worked
'Everyone knows people say crazy things on the Internet, especially when they do it anonymously.'
When the Lesher's filed their 365-page lawsuit three years ago, they were accused of murder, pedophilia and drug taking.
Even though they had been exonerated of all charged against them in January, they still had to leave their homes and businesses as a direct result of the abuse online.
Naming the 179 pseudonyms used to post what they believed constituted defamatory messages, the Lesher's served Topix with a subpoena to obtain the IP adressess.
Topix responded that the request was too much but a judge in California, where Topix is headquartered ruled that they had to release any identifying information related to the suit.
District Court of Tarrant County: After their victory in their defamation lawsuit Mark Lesher said 'You can't post anonymous lies on the Internet without suffering the consequences.'
At the same time they granted Topix a protective order on their information and lawyers and Topix narrowed the search for targets.
They discovered that 70 percent of the postings on Topix came from only a narrow number of IP addresses.
Going forward with the investigation they discovered that the pseudonym 'ilbedipt' was registered to Apache Truck & Van Parts.
'Once they got it down to a small number of people who were vociferous, I'm not surprised they were able to get a libel judgment,' said Chris Tolles, CEO of Topix to ABC News.
As well as facing financial ruin as a result of their actions, the Coyels are facing a malicious prosecution suit for conspiring to convict the Leshers of a false crime.
The Florida Marlins have decided to close the upper deck to the stadium and no it has nothing to do it the tragedy that happened in Texas. This is the Marlins, it has to do with money.
Marlin fans can forget about nosebleeds the rest of the season. The club is closing the upper deck to spectators at Sun Life Stadium. Marlins spokesperson P.J. Loyello said team officials decided it made little sense to staff the upper deck with ushers and security personnel for a section that attracted so few fans. --- As a result, Loyello said, season-ticket holders with upper-deck seats will be "upgraded" at no additional cost to infield box seats, ones much closer to the field, for the 31 remaining home games. And the team will no longer sell upper-deck seats to the public on Fridays and Saturdays. The upper deck was closed the other five days of the week.
Can't say I blame them. I have never sat in the upper deck for a game and by looking at the broadcasts almost no one has either.
It does appear the Marlins, besides saving money, are going for a more aesthetic view for the television cameras.
"To get more people in the lower bowl makes for a better atmosphere," Loyello said. "It looks better and it's better ambience."
Whatever. The sight-lines from the upper deck within the bases are probably better in the upper deck than the ones in the bullpen box and beyond. I have no problem with the team saving money on not staffing the upper deck, but don't tell me it is a better atmosphere. The last time I sat along the baselines near the bullpen the crowd filled in and I couldn't see a thing. Well, except the back of my neighbor's head and I don't call that a better atmosphere.
I guess the bottom line is that the park sucks, and there is nothing that can be done about it. So in the meantime, everyone sits together. No big deal.
For a Beltway-based media complex that routinely and lazily advances stories focused on the GOP's supposed extremism, it's going to be exceedingly difficult for many in the press to understand the course upon which Democrats have embarked. As a result of this confusion, only the expressly political press has elected to cover the rapidly unfolding debacle surrounding an anti-human trafficking bill.
On Tuesday, Senate Democrats are expected to attempt to block the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, despite the fact that 13 Democratic members co-sponsored the bill. Their objections are centered on the fact that the bill contains language that expands the Hyde Amendment – a measure that prohibits spending taxpayer funds on abortions.
Dems blocked it because it includes Hyde amdt, which bans federal funding of abortion with exceptions for rape, incest & life of the mother. — John McCormack (@McCormackJohn) March 17, 2015
Harry Reid, who's long insisted he's pro-life, now insists on fed funding for elective abortions as a condition to help trafficking victims. — John McCormack (@McCormackJohn) March 17, 2015
“Provisions similar to the Hyde Amendment are included in other types of programs, such as the State Children's Health Insurance Program,” Politico reported.
Republicans were aghast that Democrats were sticking to their insistence that their aides had not read the bill.
…
Indeed, Democrats appeared to have ample chances to spot the language. For example, the abortion language is on pages 4 and 5 of the bill. But when it came up in committee, the top Democrat, Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, offered an unrelated amendment on the same page — apparently not noticing the abortion provisions. The bill was approved unanimously by the judiciary panel. And on Monday, a full two weeks later with still no ire over the abortion language, Democrats agreed to move ahead.
“The resulting bill received zero dissenting votes in a Senate Judiciary Committee vote,” a flabbergasted Guy Benson observed. “But once pro-abortion activists started raising hackles, Democrats decided to filibuster a law that would “help victims of sex trafficking”
Just so we're crystal clear, Senate Democrats' apparent commitment to (deeply unpopular) taxpayer-funded abortion is causing them to actively block an anti-human-trafficking bill. They knew the pro-life language was in there for months, but now they're pretending to have suddenly discovered it, to their shock and horror — but they don't want to actually vote on whether to strike the supposedly offending language. Incredible.
This development should put to rest for good the defunct notion that the GOP majorities in Congress are both unrepresentative of the public and reflexively obstructionist. A cursory look at the polling data suggests that is the Democratic Party that is out of step with the public on the issue of abortion.
According to Gallup polling, only 33 percent of the public identified as pro-life in 1996 compared with 56 percent who described themselves as pro-choice. Today, both sides of that debate have achieved parity. As of May of last year, a majority of the public said abortion should be “legal only under certain circumstances.” In March of 2014, a CNN/ORC survey revealed that a majority of American surveyed continue to oppose the use of taxpayer funds to subsidize abortion procedures for those who cannot otherwise afford it.
Those who back abortion on demand, subsidized or otherwise, join those who want all elective abortion made illegal on the fringes of American political thought.
Even The Washington Post's editorial board has determined that Democrats have chosen the wrong terrain to wage a fight over abortion politics.
Far more significant, though, is whether the provision justifies the defeat of this important legislation. We wish Senate Republicans had not chosen a bill about human trafficking as a vehicle for abortion politics; a House-passed version contains no such language or restrictions. But Democrats overstate the extent to which this provision would lengthen the reach of the Hyde Act. True, the money in question would come from fines and not federal taxpayer dollars, but since the fund would be a federal creation, is that such a stretch? Also true, this anti-abortion provision would be in effect for five years, while the Hyde Act must be reauthorized annually. But since the Hyde Act has been in force for four decades, the practical difference again is slight. There is a reasonable way for the two sides to compromise. The bill should make clear that the exceptions for abortion written into the Hyde Act — for rape, incest and when the mother's life is in danger — are broadly enough defined in this bill. Girls and young women who are sold into prostitution are victims of rape, and the law needs to reflect that. The question is whether the senators who want to accomplish something can overcome the advocacy groups and politicians who would rather use this controversy as one more opportunity to raise funds and sharpen divisions.
The “pox on both your houses” language here is perfunctory and uncalled for. If Democrats had a genuine objection to the language in this bill that was approved in committee, they could have raised it long before reproductive rights groups forced them to the mattresses. In the service of that constituency, Democrats are prepared to hold up a bipartisan bill designed to help the victims of human traffickers. If that's not extremist, I don't know what is.
Isaac Kohn is SVP of HealthPoint Acquisitions. More from the author ► Isaac Kohn is SVP of HealthPoint Acquisitions.
Israelis mourn the massacre in Paris but they are not surprised. Israelis are disgusted but they are not shocked. The pictures of blood, mayhem and carnage are well known. The slaughtered innocent people strewn in the street, in the theater or slumped across the restaurant tables are tragically familiar. The murder is simply a duplication of what Israelis go through on an almost-daily basis. The suicide bombings are merely replications of the many that took place in Israel and the entire horrible scene has been played over and over in other parts of the world. Welcome to the world of Islam.
London, 9-11, Baltimore, Paris. It is uncanny and totally mind boggling to see world leaders refusing to recognize the rat by its tail as Europe and the US continue to pretend that all is well in the world of evil. It's simply stupefying for me, as an American,to hear our esteemed president refusing to call a spade a spade. The word terrorist is hardly mentioned in the context of the surging terror and relating any of it to Islamist radicalism is simply forbidden. World leaders bend over backwards, so as to, heaven forbid, not insult Islam by contending that only about 5-10 percent of Muslims are radical.
Only five to ten percent? History has noted that in 1940 only 7 percent of Germans were Nazis……and we know how that turned out. How long will the ostrich keep its head buried in the sand before it suffocates? Europe is suffocating.
Europe is experiencing the influx of additional millions of Muslim migrants who are swelling the ranks on a daily basis. These migrants are welcomed with open arms by a sympathetic yet gullible populace in Denmark and England, Germany, Sweden and France. The tranquility and way of life of these host countries have been drastically altered; Rape, murder, riots are rampant in countries where calmness and peace were the basic ingredients in the life of the ordinary citizen. Europe is just about gone and the Islamic vow to destroy each and every country is repeated on a daily basis in the media and social outlets. And Europe continues to slumber.
Not so in Japan. Ever wonder why Japan, up to this writing, has not experienced any Islamic terrorism whatsoever? Ever wonder why Japan's trouble with its Muslim population is not existent? Wonder no longer.
A brilliant man, Yossie Agmon, has written a short and precise expose explaining succinctly Japan's methodology of confronting the Islamic scourge. Europeans may call it racism, says Mr. Agmon, or point at it as apartheid or discrimination. Japan is not impressed. The Japanese are not ashamed or embarrassed but rather adamant and determined. The Japanese know exactly what they are doing in distancing from the shores of Japan practically anything remotely or minutely related to that religion.
Komiso Yogi of the University of Tokyo: “…The prevailing and widely accepted opinion in Japan is that Islam is an extremely narrow-minded and repressive religion which needs to be ostracized and kept at arm's length…”
Did you, for example, ever read in any of the media that a leader of or political personality from any Muslim country visited Japan? Did you ever hear of the leader of Iran or Kuwait or the Saudi King schedule a state visit with Japanese leaders? Obviously not, because Japan has isolated itself from that ‘religion of peace.'
How do they do it? They simply go against the foolish trend of Europe and the US. They have imposed draconic restrictions on Islam to the point that Muslims don't even dream of migrating to the land of the Rising Sun. For example:
Japan is the only country that does not grant citizenship to Muslims. What's more, the status of ‘permanent resident' is also denied them. And the spreading of or teaching of Islam is strictly forbidden. Muslims can get temporary residence status under two strict conditions, namely, they must speak Japanese and their religious practices will be confined to their homes only. They cannot found any organizations, cannot build or operate any Mosques and no gatherings for religious purposes are permitted.
There isn't a single Japanese university that teaches Arabic or any other Muslim dialect and not one Koran is to be found, whether an original or translated. Tokyo is the only capital city in the world which has practically no Muslim embassies.
Most of the Muslims who are currently working in Japan are employees of foreign industries and work permits for engineers, doctors or plant managers seeking travel to Japan for work purposes are denied over and over again. As for Japanese-owned companies, they do not hire any Muslims. Period.
The Government in Japan doesn't hide this stringent policy and no government official will even entertain a change in these policies. The public abhors and shuns Islam and most landlords will refuse to rent an apartment or a house to any Muslim.
Concludes Komiso Yogi of the University of Tokyo: “…The prevailing and widely accepted opinion in Japan is that Islam is an extremely narrow-minded and repressive religion which needs to be ostracized and kept at arm's length…”
Now you know why we never heard of any Islamic terror in Japan.
This December the Hip Hop for the Homeless Tour returns for its second year. Over 40 local musicians and DJs will participate in the six shows, with two of those venues being open to all ages.
Joey Batts, a public high school teacher in Hartford, wanted to raise awareness after working with youth who were experiencing homelessness. The teacher-by-day, musician-by-night plans to collect canned goods, personal hygiene products, and clothing at each of the venues on the tour, where the audience can hear live music by Ceschi Ramos, Joey Batts & Them, Chumzilla, Jose Oyola, and others.
Tour Dates:
December 3 at The Copper Fox Saloon in Bridgeport
December 4 at The Oasis in New London. The proceeds from this show will go to the New London Homeless Hospitality Center.
December 5 at Eight Sixty Skate Shop in Hartford. This is an all ages show and will benefit Hands on Hartford and Night Angels.
December 10 at Café Nine in New Haven. Proceeds benefit Columbus House.
December 11 at The Frosty Mug in New Britain. Proceeds benefit The Friendship Center.
December 12 at MAC650 Gallery in Middletown. This all ages show will benefit the United Way.
All shows are from 8 p.m. – midnight.
For more information on the Hip Hop for the Homeless Tour, contact Joey Batts at rapjoeybatts@gmail.com 860-508-7718.
Poker Coaching with Mike Gano
Mike is a professional poker player, coach, streamer and author. He's been a consistent winner in the online NL cash games for over 15 years, playing as high as $10/20. Their videos and articles have appeared all across the Internet (e.g. PokerNews.com, DeucesCracked, Red Chip Poker).
Most recently they have played in private online clubs equivalent to $5/10 USD.
Philosophy
Trained as a system engineer, Mike employs a process-based approach to their coaching engagements. The foundation of this process is the deliberate practice learning method. It is the principles of this learning method that have produced such great achievers and Michael Jordan, Tiger Woods, and Jerry Rice to name a few.
The idea is that while many people will try to master a discipline, most go about it in the wrong way. What's required is an expert to not only guide the student, but more specifically to construct a curriculum that challenges the student with relatively difficult, very specific, repeatable, measurable tasks. And then the difficulty of these drills are increased over time as the student gains more expertise.
Another notable aspect of Mike's coaching philosophy is the emphasis on work between coaching sessions. The fact is that the vast majority of improvement a student achieves happens between lessons. Mike therefore highly values homework and what the student will be working on. Also, time is spent at the beginning of the lesson to check-in on the previous assignments to hold the student accountable.
Punch-Drunk Love is a 2002 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Adam Sandler, Emily Watson, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Luis Guzmán, and Mary Lynn Rajskub. Sandler stars as an entrepreneur with severe social anxiety who is set up on a date with their sister's co-worker. The two immediately fall in love with each other but they are forced to defend their new love interest and themselves from thugs attempting to steal their identity and extort him.
After the release of their previous film Magnolia (which ran over three hours), Anderson stated that they would like to work with Adam Sandler in the future and that they were determined to make their next film ninety minutes long.[2] The film was produced by Revolution Studios and New Line Cinema, and distributed by Columbia Pictures; it features the video art of Jeremy Blake in the form of visual interludes. The film received positive reviews from critics, with Sandler's performance receiving critical praise, but failed to recoup its production budget at the box office.[3]
The Criterion Collection has released the film on Blu-ray[4] in the US and the UK with a restored HD transfer, a behind-the-scenes featurette about a recording session of the film's soundtrack, a Cannes press conference, deleted scenes, a written essay by Miranda July and more.
Plot [ edit ]
Barry Egan is a single man who owns a company that markets themed toilet plungers and other novelty items. They have seven overbearing sisters who ridicule and emotionally abuse them regularly and leads a lonely life punctuated by fits of rage and anguish. In the span of one morning, they witness an inexplicable car accident, picks up an abandoned harmonium from the street, and encounters Lena Leonard, a coworker of one of their sisters, Elizabeth. Lena had orchestrated this meeting after seeing them in a family picture belonging to Elizabeth.
Barry goes to their sister's birthday party, where the rest of their sister's ridicule him. They bring up the times when they would call them "gay boy" until they got mad. They bring up an event from when they were younger when they threw a hammer through their sliding glass window. They react angrily, shattering their sister's windows. They talk to their brother-in-law where they ask if they can give them the phone number to a therapist.
Coping with their loneliness, Barry calls a phone-sex line, but the operator attempts to extort money and sends their four henchmen, who are brothers, to collect. This complicates their budding relationship with Lena, as well as their plan to exploit a loophole in a Healthy Choice promotion and amass a million frequent flyer miles by buying large quantities of pudding.
After Lena leaves for Hawaii on a business trip, Barry decides to follow them They arrive and calls one of their manipulative sisters to find out where Lena is staying. When their sister starts abusing them again, Barry snaps and demands they give them the information, which they do. Lena is overjoyed to see Barry. They spend time together and make love. At first, Barry explains that they are in Hawaii on a business trip by coincidence, but they soon admits that they came only for them When Barry's sister calls Lena in Hawaii, Lena tells them that they haven't had any contact with Barry, loyally preserving their and their privacy. The romance develops further, and Barry finally feels some relief from the emotional isolation they have endured.
After they return home, the four brothers ram their car into Barry's, leaving Lena mildly injured. With their new-found freedom from loneliness in jeopardy, a surprisingly aggressive and poised Barry adeptly fights off all four of the goons in a matter of seconds, using a tire iron as a weapon. Wanting to make sure Lena is never hurt again, Barry leaves Lena at the hospital and tries to end the harassment by calling the phone-sex line back and speaking to the "supervisor", who turns out to be Dean Trumbell, who is also the owner of a mattress store. Barry travels to the mattress store in Provo, Utah, to confront Dean face to face. Dean, at first trying to intimidate Barry, finds Barry more intimidating after Barry tells them that they are in love and it makes them stronger than anyone else. An end to the harassment is implied, when Dean learns that Barry has not gone to the police, but has come all the way from LA to confront him, with Dean trying to save face by getting in the last word.
Barry returns to Lena's apartment, and tells them everything, about the phone-sex episode, and Dean's goons, and begs them for forgiveness, pledging their loyalty and to use their frequent-flier miles to accompany them on all future business trips in just six to eight weeks after their pudding miles are processed. They readily agree, and they embrace happily. Some time later, Lena approaches Barry in their office while they play the harmonium. They put their arms around them and says, "So, here we go."
Cast [ edit ]
Reception [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
The film received a limited domestic release, beginning on October 11, 2002 and totaling $17,791,032 in box office receipts; an international box office of about $6,800,000 resulted in a worldwide box office of $24,591,032.[1]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Punch-Drunk Love received generally positive reviews from critics and has a rating of 80% "Certified Fresh" on Rotten Tomatoes based on 191 reviews with an average rating of 7.4/10. The consensus states "Odd, touching, and unique, Punch-Drunk Love is also delightfully funny, utilizing Adam Sandler's comic persona to explore the life of a lonely guy who finds love."[5] The film also has a score of 78 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 37 reviews.[6] The movie came in at #33 in The A.V. Club's "Top 50 films of the '00s".[7]
Roger Ebert praised Sandler's performance in their review for the Chicago Sun-Times, saying, "Sandler, liberated from the constraints of formula, reveals unexpected depths as an actor. Watching this film, you can imagine them in Dennis Hopper roles. They have darkness, obsession and power. They can't go on making those moronic comedies forever, can he?"[8] Sandler went on to win Best Actor at the Gijón International Film Festival for their performance and was also nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.
Paul Thomas Anderson won the award for Best Director at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival and the film received a nomination for the Palme d'Or.[9] The film was nominated for the Grand Prix of the Belgian Syndicate of Cinema Critics.
Filmmakers Lee Unkrich, Judd Apatow and Barry Jenkins and actors Bill Nighy, Owen Wilson and Timothee Chalamet have cited it as one of their favorite films.[10][11][12]
Accolades [ edit ]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
The score to Punch-Drunk Love was composed by Jon Brion. As with Magnolia, Brion and director Paul Thomas Anderson collaborated heavily for the production of the film's score. However, rather than scoring the film after rough footage had been shot, Brion made compositions during the filming of Punch-Drunk Love. During the scoring process, Brion would experiment with tones and sounds, carefully making note of what Anderson would respond to. Anderson themselves would create the vocal tempos they would envision in the score and use them on set, even to the extent of inspiring the pace of Adam Sandler's performance.
The film's score features heavy use of the harmonium. Brion had introduced Anderson to the harmonium on Magnolia, and Anderson knew they wanted it to feature heavily in this score.[13] Many scenes between Adam Sandler's character and the instrument were inspired by Brion. For instance, Brion once found a harmonium with a hole in its bellows before going on tour with Aimee Mann. To fix the problem, they covered the hole with duct tape. The situation is mirrored in the film.
As President of the Human Rights Campaign, the nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) civil rights organization, Chad Griffin has helped open new fronts in the fight for full equality.
From expanding HRC's work in the Deep South and around the globe, to spearheading a renewed focus on combating HIV and AIDS, to confronting the epidemic of anti-transgender violence and launching the largest voter mobilization effort in the history of the LGBTQ movement, Griffin has led HRC to new heights. With a grassroots army of 3 million members and supporters, HRC's efforts in the 2016 election were credited with ousting North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory for their support of the discriminatory HB2, sending a resounding message to lawmakers nationwide: If you come for the LGBTQ community, HRC will come for you on Election Day.
Before joining HRC in 2012, Griffin helped found the American Foundation for Equal Rights (AFER) and recruited the bipartisan legal dream team of Ted Olson and David Boies to challenge Proposition 8 in federal court, which ultimately led to the U.S. Supreme Court restoring marriage equality to California. Griffin's leadership directing AFER's multi-year legal and public education campaign was the subject of the recent award-winning HBO documentary, “The Case Against 8.”
They spent the early part of their career working at the intersection of Hollywood and politics, forming the successful political and public affairs firm, Griffin|Schake. Together with business partner Kristina Schake, Griffin led high-profile campaigns around renewable energy, land conservation, stem-cell research, early childhood education, anti-tobacco and of course, marriage equality. They represented and advised high net-worth individuals, families and foundations, as well as some of the nation's most prominent leaders in the entertainment community, in their political and philanthropic endeavors.
A native of Hope, Arkansas, Griffin got their start in the press office of President Bill Clinton's White House at the age of 19, becoming the youngest West Wing staffer ever.  They are a graduate of Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service. Griffin currently serves on the board of The Leadership Conference for Civil and Human Rights and resides in Washington, D.C.
Download a hi-res photo of Chad Griffin, credit: The Washington Post/Getty Images
Timed Messages - By setting a timer you can control how long messages and pictures you share with contacts can be viewed within BBM. Setting the timer is super easy: Before you send your message or picture, you just tap on the timer icon next to the text bar and choose a length of time you want the recipient to be able to view that message. The message is hidden until the recipient touches and holds on the chat. Then, once the timer has expired (or if the recipient takes their finger off the screen), the message is no longer visible. What I love about the timer is that I can move seamlessly between timed messages and normal messages in a single chat depending on what I'm sending. Oh, and don't get any smart ideas about screen shots…if a screen shot is detected, the sender is notified.
The observational fear (OF) paradigm in rodents, in which the subject is exposed to a distressed conspecific, elicits contextual fear learning and enhances future passive avoidance learning, which may model certain behavioral traits resulting from traumatic experiences in humans. As these behaviors affected by the OF require dorso-medial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC), we searched for synaptic adaptations in dmPFC resulting from OF in mice by recording synaptic responses in dmPFC layer V pyramidal neurons elicited by repeated 5 Hz electrical stimulation of dmPFC layer I or by optogenetic stimulation of specific interneurons ex vivo 1 day after OF. OF increased depression of inhibitory postsynaptic currents (IPSCs) along IPSC trains evoked by the 5 Hz electrical stimulation, but, surprisingly, decreased depression of dendritic IPSCs isolated after blocking GABAa receptor on the soma. Subsequent optogenetic analyses revealed increased depression of IPSCs originating from perisomatically projecting parvalbumin interneurons (PV-IPSCs), but decreased depression of IPSCs from dendritically projecting somatostatin cells (SOM-IPSCs). These changes were no longer detectable in the presence of a GABAb receptor antagonist CGP52432. Meanwhile, OF decreased the sensitivity of SOM-IPSCs, but not PV-IPSCs to a GABAb receptor agonist baclofen. Thus, OF causes opposing changes in GABAb receptor mediated suppression of GABA release from PV-positive and SOM-positive interneurons. Such adaptations may alter dmPFC connectivity with brain areas that target its deep vs superficial layers and thereby contribute to the behavioral consequences of the aversive experiences.
Speaking in the Knesset in January 1993, Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said, "Iran is in the initial stages of an effort to acquire nonconventional capability in general, and nuclear capability in particular. Our assessment is that Iran today has the appropriate manpower and sufficient resources to acquire nuclear arms within 10 years. Together with others in the international community, we are monitoring Iran's nuclear activity. They are not concealing the fact that the possibility that Iran will possess nuclear weapons is worrisome, and this is one of the reasons that we must take advantage of the window of opportunity and advance toward peace."
At that time, Israel had a strategy - which began to be implemented in the Oslo accords, put an end to the priority granted the settlement project and aimed to improve the treatment of Israel's Arab citizens.
Eran Wolkowski
If things had gone differently, the Iran issue might look different today. However, as it turned out, the Oslo strategy collided with another, stronger ideology: the ideology of Gush Emunim (Bloc of the Faithful ), which since the 1970s, apart from the Oslo period and the time of the withdrawal from Gaza, has established the concrete basis for the actions of Israel's governments. Even governments that were ostensibly far removed from the Gush Emunim strategy implemented it in practice. Ehud Barak boasted that, in contrast to other prime ministers, they did not return territory to the Palestinians - and there's no need to point out once again the increase in the number of settlers during their tenure. The government of Ehud Olmert, which declared its intention to move toward a policy of hitkansut (or "convergence," another name for what Ariel Sharon termed "disengagement" ) in Judea and Samaria, held talks with senior Palestinians on an agreement but did not stop the settlement enterprise, which conflicts with the possibility of any agreement.
The strategy that follows from the ideology of Gush Emunim is clear and simple: It perceives of the Six-Day War as the continuation of the War of Independence, both in terms of seizure of territory, and in its impact on the Palestinian population. According to this strategy, the occupation boundaries of the Six-Day War are the borders that Israel must set for itself. And with regard to the Palestinians living in that territory - those who did not flee or were not expelled - they must be subjected to a harsh regime that will encourage their flight, eventuate in their expulsion, deprive them of their rights, and bring about a situation in which those who remain will not be even second-class citizens, and their fate will be of interest to no one. They will be like the Palestinian refugees of the War of Independence; that is their desired status. As for those who are not refugees, an attempt should be made to turn them into "absentees." Unlike the Palestinians who remained in Israel after the War of Independence, the Palestinians in the territories should not receive Israeli citizenship, owing to their large number, but then this, too, should be of interest to no one.
The ideology of Gush Emunim springs from religious, not political motivations. It holds that Israel is for the Jews, and it is not only the Palestinians in the territories who are irrelevant: Israel's Palestinian citizens are also exposed to discrimination with regard to their civil rights and the revocation of their citizenship.
This is a strategy of territorial seizure and apartheid. It ignores judicial aspects of territorial ownership and shuns human rights and the guarantees of equality enshrined in Israel's Declaration of Independence. It is a strategy of unlimited patience; what is important is the unrelenting progress toward the goal. At the same time, it is a strategy that does not pass up any opportunity that comes its way, such as the composition of the present Knesset and the unclear positions of the prime minister.
The term "apartheid" refers to the undemocratic system of discriminating between the rights of the whites and the blacks, which once existed in South Africa. Even though there is a difference between the apartheid that was practiced there and what is happening in the territories, there are also some points of resemblance. There are two population groups in one region, one of which possesses all the rights and protections, while the other is deprived of rights and is ruled by the first group. This is a flagrantly undemocratic situation.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Since the Six-Day War, there has been no other group in Israel with the ideological resilience of Gush Emunim, and it is not surprising that many politicians have viewed that ideology as a means for realizing personal political ambitions. Zevulun Hammer, who identified this ideology as the way to capture the leadership of the National Religious Party, and Ariel Sharon, who identified this ideology as the way to capture the leadership of Likud, were only two of many. Now Avigdor Lieberman, too, is following this path, but there were and are others, such as the late Hanan Porat, for whom the realization of this ideology was and remains the purpose of their political activity.
This ideology views the creation of an Israeli apartheid regime as a necessary tool for its realization. It has no difficulty with illegal actions and with outright criminality, because it rests on mega-laws that it has adopted and that have no connection with the laws of the state, and because it rests on a perverted interpretation of Judaism. It has scored crucial successes. Even when actions inspired by the Gush Emunim ideology conflict with the will of the government, they still quickly win the backing of the government. The fact that the government is effectively a tool of Gush Emunim and its successors is apparent to everyone who has dealings with the settlers, creating a situation of force multiplication.
This ideology has enjoyed immense success in the United States, of all places. President George H.W. Bush was able to block financial guarantees to Israel because of the settlements established by the government of Yitzhak Shamir (who said lying was permissible to realize the Gush Emunim ideology. Was Benjamin Netanyahu's Bar-Ilan University speech a lie of this kind? ). Now, though, candidates for the Republican Party's presidential nomination are competing among themselves over which of them supports Israel and the occupation more forcefully. Any of them who adopt the approach of the first President Bush will likely put an end to their candidacy.
Whatever the reason for this state of affairs - the large number of evangelicals affiliated with the Republican party, the problematic nature of the West's relations with Islam, or the power of the Jewish lobby, which is totally addicted to the Gush Emunim ideology - the result is clear: It is not easy, and may be impossible, for an American president to adopt an activist policy against Israeli apartheid.
Legalizing the illegal
Because of its inherent illegality, at least in democratic terms, an apartheid regime cannot abide opposition or criticism. The Gush Emunim ideology is obliged to eliminate them both, and to prevent every effort to block its activity, even if that activity is illegal and even criminal, and intended to maintain apartheid. The illegal activity needs to be made legal, whether through the emendation of laws or through changing their judicial interpretation such things have occurred before, in other places and at other times.
Against this background, we are now seeing the campaign of legislation against -- and the unbridled slandering of -- the Supreme Court, against human rights organizations and against the press, as well as the passage of the so-called Boycott Law, which is aimed at preventing the possibility of Israeli apartheid being dealt with in the same way as South African apartheid. It is against this same background that we have seen the advancement of legislation directed against the Arab citizens of Israel, such as the Loyalty Law and the proposal for a Basic Law of Israel as the Nation-State of the Jewish People. And it is against this background that a campaign of incitement and intimidation is being waged against the necessary and justified critique being voiced by members of academia.
The Supreme Court, which permitted the settlement project and effectively collaborated with the Gush Emunim ideology, has now become an obstacle that needs to be removed - in the eyes of those who still adhere to that ideology - primarily because the court refuses to recognize the possibility of settling on privately owned Palestinian land and did not overturn the government decision to evacuate the settlements in the Gaza Strip. Because the land belongs to the Jews by divine decree and history (from this perspective, there are similarities between Gush Emunim and Hamas ), there is no choice but to elect to the Supreme Court justices who live on Palestinian land, possibly private land, and those who understand that there is no such thing as "land under private Palestinian ownership."
Similarly, this line of thinking goes, the Supreme Court's interpretation of human rights laws also requires its elimination in its present format. Judgments such as those relating to the Kaadan family (allowing an Arab family to build a home in a Jewish community ); the selling of Jewish National Fund land to Arab citizens of Israel; the amendment to the Citizenship Law (no ruling has yet been handed down, but there seems to be a possibility that a majority of justices will rule it illegal ); the opening of a highway to Palestinian traffic - all these rulings conflict with essential elements in Gush Emunim ideology: the discrimination between Jews and Palestinians (in Israel and the territories ) and the deprivation of the Palestinians' rights, which transform them into second-class people, absentees or, best of all, refugees.
Does an Israel of this kind have a future? Over and beyond the question of whether Jewish morality and the Jewish experience allow such circumstances to exist, it is clear that this is a flagrantly unstable and even dangerous situation. It is a situation that will prevent Israel from fully realizing its vast potential, a situation of living by the sword - a sword that could be a third intifada, the collapse of peace with Egypt and a confrontation with a nuclear Iran. Yitzhak Rabin understood that.
קראו כתבה זו בעברית: חיסולה ההכרחי של הדמוקרטיה
Twenty minutes: the time it took for Milo Yiannopoulos to be in and out, posing for selfies while sporting sunglasses and wrapped in an American flag, at the University of California-Berkeley this weekend.
And $800,000: the amount that the school paid in security detail—which included police reinforcements from eight different law-enforcement agencies and campuses across the state—to ensure crowd safety during the alt-right provocateur's appearance.
Yiannopoulos, a controversial political figure who already incited storms of protest when they came to campus a few months ago, was at UC Berkeley yesterday as a guest speaker for “Free Speech Week,” an event set up by a conservative student group. The group officially called off the four-day program a day earlier (Sept. 24) after fielding many administrative concerns about speaking costs and safety issues.
But Yiannopoulos showed up on Sunday anyway, forcing the university to double down on security measures. Their appearance, and the crowd of hundreds that showed up to fervently protest it, is just the latest in an ongoing narrative of liberal universities struggling to come to terms with conservative speakers; a recent Brookings study found that about one-fifth of college students condone the use of violence against “offensive” speakers (though its methodology has been attacked). More broadly, the event is also an embodiment of the larger nationwide clash over what free speech really means.
Because they were on campus as a private citizen and not an official speaker, there was no public system of address set up—and the Mercury News notes that “it wasn't clear what Yiannopoulos told the crowd in brief remarks.”
Dan Mogulof, a spokesperson for UC Berkeley, told the local paper that “it feels like probably the most expensive photo opp in the university's history.”
Although the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) said in April that it plans to permit a new weed killer called Enlist Duo onto the market, consumer advocates are attempting to dissuade the agency from doing so before a final decision is made. The herbicide is a combination of 2,4-D and glyphosate and is made by Dow AgroSciences. If approved, it would be used on millions of acres of farm fields in combination with a new type of herbicide-resistant genetically engineered corn and soybean crops and at least triple the use of 2,4-D. Glyphosate is the active ingredient in Roundup, the top-selling weed killer developed by Monsanto. When announcing the agency's inclination to approve Enlist Duo, EPA added that “the proposal would impose requirements on the manufacturer including robust monitoring and reporting to EPA, grower education and remediation and would allow EPA to take swift action to impose additional restrictions on the manufacturer and the use of the pesticide if resistance develops.” EPA accepted public comments on the decision until June 30 and is expected to issue a final decision in late summer or early fall. The U.S. Department of Agriculture, which must grant approval of the crops genetically engineered to tolerate Enlist Duo, said it was prepared to its grant approval in January. USDA's comment period closed on March 11. A number of farm, food, health, public interest, consumer, fisheries and environmental organizations submitted comments in opposition to the proposals, and the EPA docket received more than 25,000 comments in total. At the end of June, 35 scientists, medical professionals and researchers also wrote to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy to urge the agency not to approve Enlist Duo. On Wednesday, the Center for Food Safety and the Environmental Working Group hosted a briefing for congressional staffers to persuade members of Congress to pressure the two agencies to reject the proposals because of the potential negative impacts on the environment and human health. Panelists at the event included Doug Gurian-Sherman, senior scientist at Center for Food Safety; John Wargo, professor of Environmental Health and Politics at Yale University; Dr. Philip Landrigan, dean for global health at Mount Sinai School of Medicine; Dr. Catherine Thomasson, executive director at Physicians for Social Responsibility, and Gary Hirshberg, co-founder of Stonyfield Farm and chairperson of Just Label It. The consumer advocates are concerned about the serious health risks associated with 2,4-D exposure, including non-Hodgkin lymphoma, suppressed immune function, lower sperm count, and a greater risk of Parkinson's disease. When pregnant women are exposed to pesticides of all kinds, their child can sustain learning disabilities, behavioral problems and possibly chronic diseases. Safety advocates are also concerned that 2,4-D and glyphosate have not been tested for combined toxicity. “We're very concerned that this combination is going to cause not only additive effects, but multiplicative or synergistic effects,” Thomasson said. In terms of environmental effects, critics say that Enlist Duo will increase soils, surface and groundwater contamination and perpetuate the “pesticide treadmill,” which is when farmers use larger amounts of increasingly toxic chemicals to control herbicide-resistant weeds, eventually requiring the use of different chemicals. Hirshberg called the herbicide a “three- to five-year solution, at best” and compared it to the issue of antibiotics overuse contributing to drug resistance. Rep. Chellie Pingree (D-ME), who spoke at the start of Wednesday's briefing, said that the struggle over Enlist Duo ties into the fight for the labeling of genetically modified food. It's not just about giving consumers the chance to know the source of their food, but to voice whether they want to support the system. “It's an issue that 90 percent of the American public thinks that we should move ahead with … but sometimes when I turn around and say to people, ‘So what's the part that worries you most about it?,' honestly a lot of people don't understand the health risks or the concerns or what the implications of it are,” they said. Pingree and Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-OR) are hoping that more members of Congress sign on to their letter to McCarthy and Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack urging them not to approve Enlist Duo and 2,4-D-resistant crops.
Recommendations for Living in a
Great Waves World
Presented here are recommendations to assist you in beginning to prepare for the Great Waves of change. Since each person's life, circumstances and higher purpose are unique, there is no set of recommendations that can speak to every circumstance and need. Yet these recommendations will be important in helping you to focus your activities and in supporting you on your path of preparation. Please note that these are recommendations, not rules. Use them and adapt them to your circumstances. They are given here to assist you in bringing balance, strength and direction to your life.
Preparing Your Outer Life
Conserve energy as much as possible. Reduce your energy consumption by 25-50% or more to help save your community and the world from depletion and ruin.
Maintain a supply of food, water and medicine to prepare for difficulties ahead—at least a supply for 90 days. If your living space is limited, store whatever amount of supplies that you can.
Build an emergency cash fund, if possible, to sustain you during economic disruptions or job loss. In light of the Great Waves, take a more active role in managing, directing and building your financial resources.
Consider the availability of medical services in your area and how they may or may not function in a disaster or in a prolonged emergency. For those with chronic medical conditions, keep an adequate supply of prescription medicine on hand.
Consider learning how to grow some of your own food. You can do this on your own or together with others.
Own fewer things. Make sure that everything you own really serves you. Travel light and create time for more important things.
Consider where you live in light of the Great Waves of change. In your current location, are you able and willing to travel without the use of an automobile? Will you be able to assist others given your current location and circumstances? Will you be ready to help others in times of need, or will you yourself be in jeopardy?
Consider your profession, and ask yourself these important questions: Will my line of work be sustainable in the years ahead given the constraints on energy, food and other resources? Is my profession or line of work involved with providing essential goods or servicing real needs, or does it involve products or services that are non-essential and that may not be sustained in the difficult times ahead?
Educate others, including your friends, family, neighbors and co-workers, about the Great Waves of change. The more people around you who are aware, the better prepared your community will be.
Consider the frail, the elderly and the vulnerable in your local community or neighborhood. Think ahead of how you might be able to help them if that becomes necessary.
Support your local merchants, farmers and producers, for they will be significant resources in the future when the ability to transport goods and services will be far more limited than it is today.
Learn where your essential resources come from, how you might be able to acquire them if there were interruptions in supply and what you would do if for any reason they became unavailable.
Be sensitive and aware of the possibility of natural disasters in your area that could pose hazards to your safety. Have a contingency plan of what you would do in such an extreme event.
Inquire into your local town, city or regional government's plans and preparations, if any, regarding Great Waves scenarios that are likely to emerge in your area. Provide feedback to your representatives and other local officials.
Build strong personal relationships that can help you in your preparation. Are those close to you responding to the Great Waves of change, or do you find yourself having to persuade and convince them, often without success?
Continue to educate yourself about the Great Waves of change as they unfold in the world. Use caution and discernment when considering the opinions of others and the commentary of experts.
Preparing Your Inner Life
Take quiet time each day to consider the wisdom of your thoughts and actions and to become aware of any insights you have had. Keep a journal of these insights and review them frequently.
Adopt a simple meditation practice to relieve stress and to connect to Knowledge, the deeper intelligence within you. The study in Steps to Knowledge provides a pathway for doing this.
Have few opinions. Make no opinions about any problem unless you have spent considerable time studying the problem and its many conceived interpretations and solutions. Ask yourself if you are really certain about something or are only guessing.
Stop complaining. Do not waste your precious time and energy complaining about something if you are not prepared to take action regarding it. Instead use your time and energy, your thoughts and resources, to prepare yourself, to prepare others and to strengthen your connection to Knowledge.
Re-assess your goals and plans to see if these are really going to be possible in a radically changing world. Ask yourself, “In a world of diminishing resources, environmental degradation and economic hardship, are my plans and goals practical and viable, given these circumstances?” You will begin to feel the truth about this.
Forgive others. Forgive those who seem to err against you and the world. Ask yourself what genuine need they are attempting to express and fulfill by their behavior. Practicing forgiveness will save your emotional energy and keep your mind clear.
Honor your parents, and try to understand the circumstances of their lives that determined their decisions and behavior.
Forgive yourself. Learn from your own errors, and recognize and use the wisdom that they have provided to you. Knowing your past mistakes and learning from them will help you in facing and navigating the Great Waves of change. If you don't forgive yourself, you lose self-trust which you will need to rely upon increasingly in the future. You build self-trust most powerfully by following Knowledge within you.
Build and maintain the Four Pillars of your life. Consider that you have Four Pillars that, like the four legs of a table, are upholding your life:
-The Pillar of Relationships
-The Pillar of Health
-The Pillar of Work and Providership
-The Pillar of Spiritual Development
To be happy, stable and successful, you will need to build and maintain each
of these Pillars and not sacrifice one for the others.
Do not succumb to fear or believe that you have no power in the face of these great changes, for you have the power of Knowledge within you to guide and protect you if you can follow it. Your experience of Knowledge, or inner knowing, will enable you to set a new direction, evaluate problems clearly and make wise decisions, even if no one else around you is doing this.
Build self-confidence. You gain confidence by seeing what is necessary and taking action. You begin by doing small things, everything you can see to do, step by step, to prepare yourself, to prepare your mind, to prepare your circumstances, to prepare your home and to prepare your relationships.
Be a catalyst for change, and do not rely upon consensus or agreement from others. Learn to honor the importance of your decisions and how to make these decisions based upon the deeper Knowledge within you. This self-reliance and the strength of Knowledge may well save your life.
Assess your relationships. Who has a real destiny with you? Are these the people who are with you now?
Learn to follow Knowledge, the deeper spiritual intelligence within you, and to recognize the Great Waves of change that are coming so that you can become informed and prepared in a timely manner. The experience of Knowledge may take the form of an image, a powerful insight or a persistent feeling that does not go away.
Have great faith in Knowledge within yourself and within humanity as a whole. Otherwise, the Great Waves will seem overwhelming—too great to consider, too great to prepare for, too great to navigate. And you will simply give up and feel defeated before the real trials begin.
Recognize that you are entering a time of great challenge and change in the world and that this challenge and change will make you strong and will call out of you the greater gifts that you have been sent into the world to give. For you have come into the world on a mission, and the reality of that mission is contained within Knowledge, the deeper intelligence within you, waiting to be discovered.
In conclusion, as has been stated many times, the solution to the unfolding planetary issues is, at its core, a spiritual one. Interested readers are encouraged to explore the other books written by MV Summers and published by New Knowledge Library at www.newknowledgelibrary.org.
In the long ongoing saga that is Fiat Chrysler Automobiles looking for partners to merge and/or collaborate with enters Volkswagen. Sources say initial meetings indicate planning for future light-duty vehicles including Volkswagen's Amarok – a vehicle U.S. dealers and VW fans have been eagerly awaiting.
The report filed in the Dow Jones Newswires says, Volkswagen and FCA officials talked recently in Berlin about joint production of light-duty vehicles like the Volkswagen Caddy panel van and the Amarok.
This news comes on the heels of the reports last week of the Great Wall Motor Company, a Chinese automaker, expressing interest in purchasing FCA outright. Both companies have denied the report.
Whether being bought out completely or working collaborating with other automakers, it is clear something is going on at FCA. Collaboration makes the most sense with recent reports of Toyota and Mazda working together as a great example of how that would happen.
For VW fans and consumers, the net result could be a U.S. version of the Amarok being built in a FCA North American plant. This would allow VW to avoid the Chicken Tax surcharge on importing light-duty trucks. It would also allow them to have a player in the mid-size truck market – a growing segment of the market.
Currently, VW continues to rely on its car lineup in the U.S. This segment of the market has seen a significant downturn. A new 3-row Atlas SUV just now hitting the market and the new of a VW electric bus coming in 2022 will both help to broaden their portfolio, yet they fall short of a truck.
A U.S. VW Amarok would likely resemble much of the other mid-size players in the market with its shape and size. While a diesel option would be popular, it is really hard to see VW offering such an engine in light of all its emissions issues with that powertrain. It is likely there will be a 4×4 version and a upper trim level.
When will it come? Predicting the future is difficult with preliminary talks, however, if they moved forward with this plan, I would expect a truck to hit the market in 2022+. The only real question facing VW executives is if it will be too little, too late.
Marc-Andre Fleury's day with the Stanley Cup was Saturday, and the Pittsburgh Penguins goalie shared the trophy with their family and those at The Montreal Children's Hospital.
Tweet from @keeperofthecup: Marc-Andr�� Fleury starts their day with their daughters (Boucherville, QC) #stanleycup @penguins @NHL @HockeyHallFame pic.twitter.com/xfuXB8OJ1e
Tweet from @keeperofthecup: Brotherly love! Making sure their sister gets a drink from the #stanleycup @penguins @NHL @HockeyHallFame pic.twitter.com/ShVLTvN05H
After allowing their daughters Estelle and Scarlett to eat cereal out of the trophy, and letting their sister Marylene to drink from the Cup, Fleury and their wife, Veronique, took the Cup to Montreal to brighten the day of some children.
Tweet from @penguins: Great to see our friend Marc-Andre Fleury visiting kids at @HopitalChildren with the Stanley Cup! �� pic.twitter.com/wmtJledkpZ
Fleury, who also won the Cup with the Penguins in 2009, closed the day with a public gathering with the Cup in their home of Sorel-Tracy, Quebec.
I am excited to share this intriguing research breakthrough with all my Pilgrim in Narnia readers.[1] As many of you know, I have been working on C.S. Lewis' The Screwtape Letters for a few years now. It is time to invite you all into some of the things I have discovered.
After presenting a paper on teaching Screwtape in 2012, I traveled to the Marion E. Wade Center at Wheaton College near Chicago. I was working on background material for my PhD thesis and was excited to make this pilgrimage.
Honestly, it wasn't going very well. I had gone to look at the marginalia in Lewis' Bibles—to see if their notes and highlights could tell us anything about their Bible reading habits. All I really found was that the things Lewis underlined or marked seemed to be beautiful passages. Beyond that, I found very little.
After a day and a half of doing routine things and not getting very far, I asked the helpful staff for their typescript of The Screwtape Letters. This was Lewis' first popular book, and it was a treat to spend some time with the file.
Though it was C.S. Lewis's BBC talks that made their voice well known throughout Britain, their fame was begun with The Screwtape Letters. The Letters are a correspondence between Screwtape, a senior demon, and their nephew Wormwood, a junior tempter with their first field assignment. Each letter was printed serially May 2 through November 28, 1941 in the Anglican weekly, The Guardian. Readers clamoured for copies of the The Guardian, and the book that came out in 1942 was a bestseller in the U.K. and in America.
Intriguingly, the demonic letters were printed in the Christian newspaper with no preface. This inevitably led to some confusion among readers,[2] so Lewis took the opportunity of the book publication to write a preface. Your edition of The Screwtape Letters most likely has a preface dated July 5, 1941. As is common with epistolary fiction, the preface introduces readers to the demonic dialogue to follow, but does so by pretending that the letters are nonfiction:
I have no intention of explaining how the correspondence which I now offer to the public fell into my hands.
Part of the fun of Screwtape is the idea that we are listening in on a conversation from another world.
I was thrilled to visit the famous handwritten manuscript of The Screwtape Letters at The Berg Collection of English and American Literature at The New York Public Library in 2012. The Berg file, though, does not include the preface.
Little known, seldom viewed by researchers,[3] and not yet integrated into scholarship, the handwritten manuscript of the preface to The Screwtape Letters is still in existence. Included in the Wade's typescript of the Letters is the handwritten preface dated July 5, 1941. What is surprising about the handwritten preface is that it is really quite different than the first edition preface or the one you see printed in your copy.
As it turns out, this is a find of cosmic significance.
Open up your copy of The Screwtape Letters (or look in the Google books preface here). You'll see there are four paragraphs, including the one that I quoted above—just the single sentence drawing the reader in to the correspondence which “fell into my hands”—the “my” being C.S. Lewis, the undersigned. The second paragraph is about the kinds of errors we might fall into when treating with devils, while the third is a reminder that the author of the letters is not be trusted even on their own account: besides the tool of deception, a demon like Screwtape might be (and is no doubt often) self-deceived. The last paragraph deals with issues in aligning terrestrial and diabolical time. It is set in the war, but that is all we know.
This is the preface that has stood for nearly 75 years in all the major editions. This, however, was not the preface that C.S. Lewis first penned in 1941.
Or, at least, not precisely.
The handwritten preface comprises five paragraphs, not four. Except for a couple of points, it shares with the published preface three of its four paragraphs. The first paragraph, while similar in its core idea, is differently worded and introduces a new character; this character is also the subject of an entirely new paragraph and the single change in the final paragraph. Adding a paragraph changes the length of the preface pretty dramatically. The published preface is 281 words in total; the new paragraph in the handwritten preface nearly doubles the length. The new paragraph has 201 words, for a total of 485 in the handwritten preface.
While adding a new paragraph is certainly exciting, the most significant difference in the preface comes not from the length, but from a shift in content. In short, Dr. Ransom from the Cosmic Trilogy becomes a character in the Screwtape correspondence.
We all know Ransom as the main character of Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra, and That Hideous Strength—as well as the failed time travel piece, “The Dark Tower.” Although this WWII-era “Space Trilogy” is remembered only by SciFi fans and C.S. Lewis readers, I have focused a great deal on the Trilogy here on A Pilgrim in Narnia. Not only do I think they are important works on their own account, but my discovery at the Wade has made me realize how very important they are.
Remember now how the published preface begins:
I have no intention of explaining how the correspondence which I now offer to the public fell into my hands.
Now look at how the handwritten preface begins:
Nothing will induce me to reveal how my friend Dr. Ransom got hold of the script which is translated in the following pages.[4]
Isn't that amazing?!!
The two introductions do the same thing, but the effect is entirely different.
First, note that it is Dr. Ransom who discovers Screwtape's letters, not C.S. Lewis.[5] Lewis is still a character in this drama. Instead of the Discover, they are the publisher—the same role that they played in Out of the Silent Planet, where they tell the story of Ransom's trip to Malacandra in novel form as a way of getting the information out into the public. In Out of the Silent Planet, with the help of angelic Eldila, Ransom learned the Malacandrian language. They then discovers an interplanetary demonic conspiracy that is going to affect Earth. With Ransom as discoverer of these demonic letters, we are tempted to make the link between Screwtape's approach and the conspiracy that Lewis and Ransom are trying to stop.
Second, we now see that Screwtape's correspondence has been “translated.” Dr. Ransom is a linguist—a student of words—so it is no surprise that they can work as a translator. But what is the demonic language that Screwtape uses (if it isn't English)? And if it is a special demonic language, how did Dr. Ransom learn it?
The fourth and final paragraph of the published preface always included a key detail about Screwtape's fictional universe:
…in general the diabolical method of dating seems to bear no relation to terrestrial time…[6]
We know that Lewis has thought about the questions that world-builders ask. They thought about time (diabolical), and the nature of the characters (deceivers and self-deceived). As it turns out, they also thought about language.
In 2013 I published the handwritten preface for the first time in the Oxford journal, Notes & Queries.[7] I will quote from that here, sharing with you all the discovery that explains the language of Screwtape's world:
But it is, however, too late to make any mystery of the process whereby Dr. Ransom learned the language. [8] The original of these letters is written in what may be called Old Solar – the primitive speech of all rational creatures inhabiting the solar system. How Ransom came to learn it I have already related in a book called Out of the Silent Planet; but when I wrote that book they and I were both mistaken in supposing it to be the local speech of a single world – that world which its inhabitants call Malacandra. We now know better, but there is no time within this preface to discuss the problems of extra-terrestrial philology involved. But it should be added that the translation is necessarily very free. The capital letters used for pronouns when they refer to that Being whom Screwtape describes as the Enemy are, for example, a most ingenious device of Ransom's for representing a quite different (and involuntary) phenomenon in the original. On the other hand many words mentioned where Screwtape is discussing what they call “the Philological Arm” were already English, for naturally devils whose terrain is England are well skilled in the language of their proposed victims.[9]
No time for “extra-terrestrial philology” indeed! This paragraph is a tease. Still, we discover that Screwtape was not speaking a specifically demonic language. Dr. Ransom, the interstellar philologist, learned the Old Solar language on Malacandra. Old Solar is Hlab-Eribol-ef-Cordi, the language shared by all non-human ‘rational' beings (Hnau) in the universe from the beginning of time (or near to it). Humans have long since lost the language after the fall of Adam and Eve, but it is spoken both by the terrestrial species of other worlds—Hnau, or rational, sapient beings of various shapes—and the celestial beings, trans- or multi-dimensional angel-like creatures called Eldila (singular ‘Eldil') in the Ransom books.
What does this all mean?
I'm glad you asked. The implications are still being worked out. David Mark Purdy conducted a genre study of The Screwtape Letters that includes the implications of this handwritten preface. David and I have chapters that appear in a new book coming out in early 2016, called Both Sides of the Wardrobe. David will talk about their work in Screwtape here on A Pilgrim in Narnia next year.
The failed time travel novel, “The Dark Tower” is considered by some as a forgery. I became convinced that it was an authentic (though not very well written) Lewis story when I saw the manuscript at the Bodleian last year. Still, some language analysis using computer models found that it is doubtful that Lewis wrote “The Dark Tower.”[10] These studies compare “The Dark Tower” with the other Ransom books and decide, in one way or another, the data doesn't fit. Now that we know that Screwtape is part of the same fictional universe, in the same series, written in the same period, I suspect that the kind of language used in Screwtape might create a better data set that we can compare to ”The Dark Tower.” In short, you need to run the tests again.
As you might guess, there are intriguing possibilities about how we reread Screwtape as part of the Ransom Universe. More immediately pressing, though, is the question of how we read the Ransom Trilogy with Screwtape. Indeed, we don't really have a “Trilogy” anymore, though there are other 5-book trilogies that I enjoy. We now have a Ransom Cycle, with four published books in four different genres, and an incomplete story in a fifth genre.
I am working now on a paper called “A Cosmic Shift in the Ransom Cycle.” I presented my findings last year at Mythcon and received great comments back. In this paper I think about what Lewis was doing when they built a fictional world. Then I look at what it might mean to reread the Ransom Cycle with The Screwtape Letters. I look in detail at the first two chapters of Perelandra, using a Screwtapian lens to show how the books fit together.
I hope to have this paper ready for publication in early 2016. If you are a scholar interested in reading a draft and providing criticism, let me know. Meanwhile, I would encourage readers of A Pilgrim in Narnia to try the project for yourselves. Read Lewis' WWII-era fantasy project in this order:
[1] This paper was made possible by generous access to materials and support by three American archives: The Marion E. Wade Center, Wheaton College, IL; The Berg Collection of English and American Literature, The New York Public Library, Astor, Lenox and Tilden Foundations., NY; and The Christoph R. Keller Library, General Theological Seminary, NY. Permission to quote is graciously provided by The CS Lewis Company Ltd., Poole, UK. Many thanks to UPEI for a research grant that supported my travel to the Wade centre.
[2] See C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters and Screwtape Proposes a Toast (London, 1961 ) , 5. Here Lewis talks about a reader who apparently canceled their subscription because the Letters were positively diabolic. That letter to the editor was never published in The Guardian.
[3] I have only seen a single reference to the unpublished preface, and that quite recent and a footnote: Charlie Starr, Light: C.S. Lewis's First and Final Short Story (Hamdon, CT, 2012), 118.
[4] C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters (London, 1942) 9; manuscript excerpts: ‘The Screwtape Letters' by C.S. Lewis, n.d., n.p. CSL/MS-107, The Marion E. Wade Center, Wheaton College, Wheaton, IL.
[5] Lewis describes the convention later than, ‘the imaginary C.S.L. who has somehow tapped a diabolical correspondence'; see 9 Oct 1960 letter to publisher Jocelyn Gibb in Walter Hooper, ed., The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis: Volume III: Narnia, Cambridge, and Joy 1950-1963 (New York, 2007), 1196.
[6] Lewis, Screwtape Letters , 10.
[7] Brenton D.G. Dickieson, “The Unpublished Preface to C. S. Lewis's The Screwtape Letters,” Notes and Queries 60.2 (2013): 296-298. If you have trouble getting a copy, let me know.
[8] Italicized words were underlined in the original handwritten text. You can check the published article for words that were crossed out and rewritten.
[9] Dickieson, “The Unpublished Preface,” 297.
[10] A.Q. Morton, “Once. A Test of authorship Based on Words which are not Repeated in the Sample.” Literary and Linguistic Computing 1 (1986): 1-8; Jeffrey R. Thompson and John Rasp, “Did C. S. Lewis write The Dark Tower?: An Examination of the Small-Sample Properties of the Thisted-Efron Tests of Authorship,” Austrian Journal of Statistics 38.2 (2009): 71-82. See the original accusation of forgery most fully in Kathryn Lindskoog, The C.S. Lewis Hoax. Portland: Multnomah Press, 1988.
Man Turns their Toyota Echo into Stealthy Micro RV for Car Camping
This Toyota Echo Turned into Stealthy Micro RV for Car Camping is a guest post by an anonymous reader – submit yours here!
Have you ever thought of converting your car into a stealthy car camper so you can easily sleep in it while traveling without being noticed?
This way you don't have to spend so much extra money and time getting in and out of hotels while you try to get somewhere.
So I wanted to show you what I've been working on for the last few days. Of course it's considerably smaller than your average tiny house so I'm not sure if you're still with me but even if you're not…
Isn't it fascinating what can be done to make an economy size car a comfortable place to sleep for the night?
Man Turns their Toyota Car into Micro RV for Stealthy Car Camping
Who would guess this unassuming Toyota Echo would be able to sleep 2 people comfortably (if a little cozily, you do have to like your traveling companion)?
I believe you'll really be awed by the simplicity of this car conversion so I encourage you to read the rest of the story and tour the entire car camper below:
When we make cross-country drives it can get expensive to stay in a motel every night.
So for less than the price of one night's hotel stay I converted our little 2001 Toyota Echo into a stealth camper.
I already had some of the materials on hand so really all it cost was the price of a sheet of plywood and a 6'x8′ piece of indoor/outdoor carpet.
Above is the back seat in it's day-to-day mode. Those are camping pads strapped to the front of the seat. We very rarely use the back seat to transport passengers but it's still possible although not very comfortable at this point. I plan to add some cushions soon.
Above and below is the trunk area deck. There's a cut out on the left to securely hold a 5 gallon water bottle in place.
Under the deck there's room to store a wooden folding table, camp stove, a laptop and a few other small things. A plastic dishpan will hold our kitchen stuff.
Above and below the transformation to sleeping deck is taking place. Front seats are slid all the way forward and seat backs are tilted toward the front of the car. The bottom of the rear seat has come off and is placed securely over the transmission hump. Three pins along the edge of the seat will fit into corresponding holes on the underside of the deck so everything locks securely in place.
Two views of the fully extended sleeping platform. Just over 6 feet of space with your feet extending into the trunk area. With the self-inflating sleeping pads it's a comfy but firm bed.
Notice the two white U-shaped things protruding just below the rear deck. They were there to hold the back of the original seat in place. One of my goals in designing this was not to permanently alter any part of the car so that everything can be put back to stock should we decide to sell it. So I built this little folding table that fits onto those things.
Voila! With the addition of my laptop and a couple speakers the car is transformed into a media room to watch DVDs or listen to CDs. I'm reclining on the back side of the forward tilted front seats. With a couple pillows it's actually quite comfortable.
And we even have a storage space for it, check it out below:
Here's the trunk fully loaded for a trip. With 2 of those super comfortable reclining outdoor chairs it's a pretty nice camping rig if you like to spend time in the great outdoors. It takes us less than 5 minutes to pull everything out and set everything up. I still need to address having some kind of system for privacy though. I'm thinking that one of those old-fashioned roll up shades attached to the rear deck could pull over the entire sleeping area and no one would even know you are there.
I discovered these great alternate compact camping chairs at Amazon. They hold 300 lbs. and fold into a 4″x4″x14″ case which will allow me to store them under the back deck and eliminate the large amount of space taken up by my current folding chairs (shown above). I plan to have all camping equipment in the car at all times so all we have to do is pack a bag of clothes and go.
Want More Micro Housing Inspiration?
If you enjoyed this DIY Toyota Echo Car Camping Conversion you'll LOVE our free daily tiny house newsletter with even more!
You can help spread the housing revolution by sharing this post with your friends on Facebook, Twitter or Email using the buttons down below. Thank you!
Related
Facebook Comments
comments
Hillary Clinton attacking Donald Trump's business losses and recent tax return findings have evolved into a meme calling out Clinton and the State Department's “missing” $6 billion. The liberal leaning Snopes has responded in the Google News feed with a defense of the former First Lady declaring the assertion as “mostly false.”
“An inspector general's report criticized Hillary Clinton's State Department for improper record keeping on $6 billion in government contracts” is declared as the TRUTH. In contrast:
“WHAT'S FALSE: The $6 billion was never “lost,” “missing,” or “misplaced.”
Snopes notes that “Hillary Clinton's State Department received an inspector general's alert in 2014 charging that the paperwork on $6 billion in government contracts hadn't been properly accounted for, it didn't mean, despite some loosey-goosey media reporting at the time, that the money itself was ‘lost' or ‘missing.' State Department inspector general Steve Linick clarified what happened thusly:”
Some have concluded based on this that $6 billion is missing. The alert, however, did not draw that conclusion. Instead, it found that the failure to adequately maintain contract files — documents necessary to ensure the full accounting of U.S. tax dollars — “creates significant financial risk and demonstrates a lack of internal control over the Department's contract actions.” (emphasis carried over from Snopes, The Dispatch)
During an ongoing audit of State's Bureau of African Affairs, the report said, officials did not provide complete files for any of the eight contracts reviewed, with a value of $34.8 million.
Two task orders valued at more than $1 billion, part of an Afghanistan contract under the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, were incomplete, as were task orders for protective services in Afghanistan worth an additional $1 billion.
In one IG investigation, a contract file lacked documentation reflecting that the $52 million contract had been modified and awarded to “a company owned by the spouse of a contractor employee.” In another, a file for a contract valued at $100 million “was not properly maintained and for a period of time was hidden” by the contracting officer.
Such failure, the IG said, “exposes the Department to significant financial risk and makes . . . oversight more difficult. It creates conditions conducive to fraud. . . [and] impairs the ability” of the government to protect its interests and “to punish and deter criminal behavior.”
So, basically the incompetence of Clinton's State Department is getting cover by the Obama administration and Snopes by quoting State Department inspector general Steve Linick.
Is the conservative media piling on with bias and leading headlines, yes there are. One point is very valid: if Trump should be criticized for losing a ton of their own money, Secretary Clinton should be doubly critiqued for losing $6 billion of tax payers funds.
Aeson provides this example datatype:
data Person = Person { name :: Text , age :: Int } deriving Show
With these conversion functions:
{-# LANGUAGE OverloadedStrings #-} instance FromJSON Person where parseJSON (Object v) = Person <$> v .: "name" <*> v .: "age" -- A non-Object value is of the wrong type, so fail. parseJSON _ = mzero instance ToJSON Person where toJSON (Person name age) = object ["name" .= name, "age" .= age]
From JsonGrammar's point of view, the problem with writing the conversions this way is that the same thing is written down twice: from one conversion, one can figure out what the conversion in the opposite direction should look like.
In JsonGrammar, the conversion looks like this:
{-# LANGUAGE TemplateHaskell #-} deriveStackPrismsFor ["person"] ''Person instance Json Person where grammar = fromPrism person . object (prop "name" . prop "age")
This expresses the conversion in both directions in one go. The resulting parser and serializer are each other's inverse by construction.
As a bonus, if you name your grammar, JsonGrammar will generate a TypeScript definition for you:
instance Json Person where grammar = label "Person" $ fromPrism person . object (prop "name" . prop "age")
This results in this TypeScript definition:
interface Person {age : number ;name : string ;}
She's told the Nine Network they were a big fan of Ms Gillard, Australia's first female deputy PM. "I think Julia Gillard's great, I have to say - great for redheads, great for girls, great for straight-talking and great for having a slightly less than conventional lifestyle," Ms Greer said.
But the feminist academic was scathing of Hillary Clinton, who is battling fellow US senator Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination in the presidential race. "I can't see that Hillary would appeal to feminists because, why are they there?  They are there because they are Bill's wife, and it's a bit useless to pretend, 'Oh, it's because of their wonderful job as a senator', and all that," they said. "I just don't think it's true. When they had a big job in government, they blew it."
Ms Greer, who said they know the Clintons, believes the couple shares a "confederacy" or business partnership rather than an emotional relationship. "They give me the creeps, from that point of view," they said.
"Everybody loves Bill. Bill is adorable and Bill is always flattering me and inviting me to stuff in Britain and we're buddy-buddy, and I like him. "I don't like Hillary because she's so bossy and cold and manipulative and stuff, and I don't think having them in power is going to make any difference, basically, because they will have the same set of advisers." AAP
Sarah Champion's Position Untenable After Rape Article, Says Muslim Council
The Muslim Council has told LBC Sarah Champion's position is “untenable” after they claimed Britain has a “problem with British Pakistani men raping and exploiting white girls”.
The Labour MP for Rotherham resigned as the shadow equalities minister and apologised for their “extremely poor choice of words”, which appeared in a column in The Sun newspaper on Friday.
The piece was headlined: “British Pakistani men ARE raping and exploiting white girls... and it's time we faced up to it."
Picture: LBC/PA
Read more: Sarah Champion resigns from Labour shadow cabinet over Pakistani rapists column
Them controversial remarks came just days after 18 people were prosecuted in a series of trials relating to child sexual exploiting in Newcastle.
Miqaad Versi, assistant secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain, told Iain Dale the MP's resignation from the frontbench was the right decision.
They said their column had created a narrative that all British Pakistani men were a “problem” and “need to be dealt with”.
Mr Versi added: “That is not useful, and I think nuance by someone who is in charge of equalities is a vital part of their role.
“And that's why the extremely poor choice of words that they have admitted means that their position really has become untenable”.
You can watch the interview in full above.
From ELLE
Katy Perry, one of Hillary Clinton's most visible celebrity campaigners, was among the most devastated on election night, they wrote in a new candid Instagram post-her most personal since the campaign ended. "I left [NYC, where the Clinton election party was held] covered in a blanket of sadness and despair because for me, and I imagine others, the results triggered a lot of dormant fears and emotions to the surface. I feared that we were not ever going to see the light of justice or fairness. I felt vulnerable, confused and frightened like a child."
Perry then addressed the reality of their activism-and what'll happen to it when Donald Trump takes office in January. Consider it their advice on what to do, should you feel the same way:
From the outside it probably looks as though I've always had a 'voice.' Truth is, I have never had one like I have found in the past year. I have a found a new voice, a more determined voice. I grew up sheltered, suppressed and kept silent for fear of giving the wrong answer. I would reveal my poor education. Or I was just scared. Hillary helped me see that we're all in this together, no matter where we come from, what color we are, or what status and education we have or don't have. Hillary lit a fire inside of me that burns brighter and brighter every day, and that fire will NEVER be put out.
Feelings of despair still come in waves, but now more than ever I am MOTIVATED to fight against social injustice and to promote equality and kindness as best I know how, through my art and influence. I am continually inspired by their strength and how they continue to rise like the Phoenix they are, every time.
It's funny, sometimes people who disagree with me just say, "Shut up and sing." Boy, will I do so in a whole new way... next year. Hell hath no fury like a woman REBORN.
Clinton appeared with Perry earlier this week at the UNICEF Snowflake Ball, where Perry was honored. "I broke down and wept watching them take the stage," Perry admitted.
Since the election, Perry has used their Instagram to rally the Trump Resistance, advocating for Standing Rock and Planned Parenthood specifically.
You Might Also Like
By Chris Deliso
High on a windswept ridge in Macedonia's barren northeastern expanse, some 17 kilometers down a rough dirt track heading towards Kratovo, it stands as a cryptic reminder of the country's still largely undocumented past: the rocky remains of what was once an important outpost in the Early Byzantine imperial hinterland.
Nevertheless, the lack of specific references in Late Antique and Byzantine sources means that we may never know what the name of the settlement or its fortress actually was- a tantalizing omission that could only be resolved “by epigraphy finds, which we so far haven't encountered,” says Dr. Carolyn Snively, an archaeologist and professor from Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania.
For the last decade, Dr. Snively has been working jointly with international and Macedonian experts, supported by local workers at Konjuh- in the process, shedding light on this little-documented period of Macedonia's remote history.
Recently having arrived back in Macedonia, Dr. Snively will soon lead excavations into an eleventh season of work. The dig will last from May 28 through August. Earlier today, they shared some insights and projections for this season's upcoming work with Balkanalysis.com.
Background and Significance
The Konjuh site was originally discovered in 1938, but only worked on extensively during the 1970s by Yugoslav archaeologist Ivan Mikulcic. This expert drew the original plan of the site, which has been redrawn several times. Although the plan “seriously needs to be updated,” says Dr. Snively, “we have not had an architect on site with enough free time and surveying skill to do it in recent seasons.”
Although the name of the settlement and fortress has vanished, pottery finds date the ruins, clearly a fortress standing watch over now buried remnants of an urban settlement and church, to the 6th century- and the reign of Emperor Justinian I (r. 517-565), one of the greatest Byzantine rulers. Under Justinian, imperial authority was reasserted as far as northern Africa and parts of Italy. Justinian's expansion efforts were executed by a powerful military led by their renowned general, Belisarius, considered a master tactician who could win battles even when cut off from communications with the capital or other parts of the army.
The Kratovo region, part of the mineral-rich Osogovski Mountain range, has always had strategic importance for its mines. Romans, Byzantines and Ottomans all excavated it extensively for gold, silver and iron. In the 6th century, the Byzantine Empire was beset by barbarian tribes in the Balkans but still held on to large areas through an extensive system of fortresses that allowed military garrisons to provide some measure of protection for settlements and ongoing economic activities. Indeed, an important part of the Justinianic legacy was the re-fortification of the region as part of their general military strategy.
At the fortress site, finds have revealed that one significant local activity then was the excavation of iron ore, a substance which archaeologists have discovered in large quantities among the various artifacts discovered to date.
The mining was carried out near today'ss village of Konjuh. A tiny enclave of a few hundred people, without even a village shop, the village is about 1km south of the ridgeline upon which the bygone fortress stands. Here there are no great stone towers or constructions, at least no remaining ones here, but the steepness of the ridge and its width at the top would have provided protection for defenders and adequate space to store weapons, provisions and, when necessary, people.
The fortress ridgeline is surrounded by valleys and, further on, flanked by other small ridges that could also have served as military outposts. At the top, the acropolis, there is a remarkable 3m (15ft)-deep cistern, and the remains of several small stairways and paths chiseled into the sides of the rock. Naturally formed turrets overlook the plain, behind which Byzantine bowmen could have taken aim at any invaders below.
Below the fortress, on the lower town located on a northern terrace, excavators have made their most substantial discoveries. A street system, and the base of a Late Antique church indicate organized settlement occurred there over a period of several centuries. The settlement likely dates from the 5th century, says Dr. Snively, adding that “there was probably a 3rd or 4th-century settlement in the vicinity, though I don't think the inhabitants started living on the northern terrace until the need for building a fortification arose later.”
2009: Upcoming Plans
In keeping with the professional approach to managing the site, the remains of the foundations are all painstakingly reburied each year at the end of the digging season- partly, for their own protection, since the project hasn't the funds to hire a full-time guard. According to Dr. Snively, the team won'st re-dig everything that has been buried in previous seasons. “This year, we will concentrate on excavating the apse of the basilica we discovered last year,” they say.
This exciting discovery confirms the significance of the site as a former center of civilization with some amount of population. According to Dr. Snively, one of the main goals of the 2009 dig in terms of this structure will be “to define the basilica's shape and dimensions- we can say with 95 percent certainty that it is a 6th-century basilica, which would have been built within a few decades of Justinian's fortification works.”
Indeed, the whole region is remarkably rich in sites once populated during the Late Antique period. According to Katie Haas, an archaeology student from Gettysburg College who has come to Macedonia for the summer thanks to a grant from the Mellon Foundation, “there is a marked efflorescence of Late Antique sites in this region.” As a member of the dig team, Katie will concentrate on the important job of small finds analysis- particularly, spatial pattern analysis of the site.  They are part of a nine-person team (comprised of American, British and Macedonian archaeologists, who will be aided by local workmen.
Methodology and Cultural Heritage Protection
While locals have since learned to respect the site's integrity and have developed good relations with the excavation teams, some nefarious diggers have in the past attempted to search here, as almost everywhere in Macedonia, for gold – in the process, breaking their drill heads when inadvertently striking the solid bedrock.
While occasionally outsiders continue to show up illegally, Dr. Snively does not anticipate any trouble this summer from the “wild diggers,” as such people are known in the press. Indeed, other local inhabitants are more in danger, as when the villagers' sheepdogs were sadly poisoned en masse by a probable sheep-rustler- indicating that this still is the wild east to some extent.
Part of the archaeologists' sustained good relations with the locals owes to education and trust-building efforts carried out since 1998. But it also owes to something that helps explain why the fortress has attracted relatively little attention thus far- a lack of shiny objects. The lack of major awareness of the site, despite its historical significance, probably stems from the fact that neither gold nor silver, nor colorful mosaics have yet been discovered. Traditionally, this sort of big-ticket items are what draw attention from the central government (this is of course not only the case in Macedonia).
Although archaeologists do not anticipate making stunning discoveries of buried treasure at Konjuh, the possibility cannot be completely excluded. Working with extraordinary diligence since 1998, Dr. Snively has deliberately not chosen to dig for burial areas on the site – even though such spots would have the best chance of containing jewelry and coins €“ partly because there has not been sufficient support available to protect the site during the off-season. Were the site to gain a reputation for riches, the thinking goes, it would become more difficult to protect it from looters.
Another reason why the team is deliberately not looking for burial sites is because of lack of sufficient support for an activity which would greatly enlarge the scope and character of the operation.
“If we found a cemetery, we would then have to bring in a physical anthropologist too,” says Dr. Snively, noting also the further permits and bureaucratic requirements that would be needed in such cases. While the Macedonian government has pledged an all-out campaign for excavating “mega-sites” like Stobi, Heraclea and Ohrid-area locales, more modest sites like Konjuh have gone largely unnoticed.
Konjuh: “A Great Example of Cooperation”
Konjuh locals have also been happy to see the site remain undisturbed, archaeologist Snively believes, because it has provided an occasional source of employment for the economically depressed village, when additional workers or watchmen have been needed over the past decade. “Injecting even a few thousand dollars into the local economy makes a big difference in a small village like this,” they note.
The cultural heritage protection aspect of the Konjuh fortress site is particularly intriguing to Seth Elder, an American Fulbright scholar from DePauw University in Indiana. Seth chose to come to Macedonia for their research on the practical connections between archaeology, local communities and economic development. Since arriving in Macedonia last year, and touring numerous sites, they have gained insight into the Konjuh site from a comparative sense.
According to him, “the Konjuh site is a great example of cooperation between local and international archaeologists, and also with the local community. Since Macedonia has been somewhat isolated from international archaeologists' attention, there'ss a real need for more work like this to be carried out in the future.” They also emphasize the need for Macedonian archaeologists to publish their findings more widely in foreign journals, as this activity is a key part of attracting the attention of outside experts who often have the ability to acquire funding and personnel for increasing archeological efforts.
Future Tourism Potential?
Indeed, one of the very interesting aspects of the site for the future is its specific placement. The fortress is set in what is today literally the middle of nowhere, on a ridge above the Kriva River near Konjuh. However, some raised concrete pillars that might seem equally mysterious to outsiders may hold the key for the area's development as a tourism destination. Long-neglected skeletons of bridge supports, these and other similar structures dot the wilderness in eastern Macedonia- unfinished pieces of proposed railway and highway links to Bulgaria. For various reasons, the long-hoped-for infrastructure project has never been completed. If it were, the site would be ideally located for travelers to access.
Looking for More Balkanalysis.com Publications?
Find Balkanalysis.com articles in the Central And Eastern European Online Library (CEEOL)
Buy Balkanalysis.com articles and e-books for Amazon Kindle
My Lenovo Yoga 910 had trouble recognizing the hub in the usb-c, which is the port I mainly bought this so I reached out to the company with questions.
This company has been excellent to work with. They respond immediately to messages and genuinely want customers who have a good working product and experience. They went above and beyond to ensure this for me so I wanted to make sure I took a moment to thank them and write a review.
I received this product packaged very well. The product seems to have a slight compatibility issue with yoga 910 or it could be an adapter issue for the usb-c drive. I have since tried it in the standard usb (the part without the adapter) and the hub stayed connected.
For a workaround (so that I could use the only other port in my laptop) I attached the usb-c adapter to another usb 3.0 hub that I have and it stayed connected in the usb c port on my laptop.
So, if you get this for this laptop, just be mindful that the usb c adapter piece may give you some trouble. all in all its a good product and like I said the company is so responsive that you will be fine if you do encounter a compatibility issue. Thank you Weme again for great service!
BEREA, Ohio -- The Cleveland Browns have signed third-string quarterback Austin Davis to a two-year contract extension through 2017.
The deal is for $4.137 million and includes a $500,000 signing bonus and has $600,000 in total guarantees, a source told ESPN's Field Yates.
Editor's Picks Pettine: No rift, despite report on Manziel Mike Pettine said he's confident "that there's no rift in the locker room," following a report that three offensive starters were upset Johnny Manziel is not the starting quarterback.
The Browns signed Davis, who went 3-5 as a starter last season with St. Louis, to a one-year deal on Sept. 7, two days after they were waived by the Rams. They haven't played with Cleveland and is currently behind both Josh McCown and Johnny Manziel on the depth chart.
Davis came off the bench in St. Louis after injuries sidelined Sam Bradford and Shaun Hill. Davis passed for 2,001 yards and 12 touchdowns.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Less than a month after its debut, the Kardashian Kard may be kaput. Kanned, Kanceled. Klipped. Kremated.
The prepaid debit card featured high upfront fees ($59.95 for six months or $99.95 for a year-long membership) and was heavily marketed to teens and young professionals. Consumer groups warned teens, their parents and young adults not to be swayed by the card's hip promoters, celebrity sisters Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian.
Consumers Union, the nonprofit owners of Consumer Reports magazine, even started a campaign asking consumers to sign e-cards urging the Kardashians to take their names off the prepaid card. According to a spokesperson, 45 people had signed the petition by Nov. 25.
It looks like the Kardashians have heeded the advice.
TMZ.com reports that a lawyer for the celebrity sisters has sent a letter of termination of the marketing contract to the bank and company issuing the card. In the letter, obtained by TMZ, the attorney says the deal is off and the Kardashians will return the “initial deposit” money they received.
Connecticut threat
The sisters apparently pulled out after Richard Blumenthal, the attorney general of Connecticut, warned on Nov. 26, 2010, that the card may violate that state's consumer protection laws, and launched an investigation. The Kardashian attorney was also concerned that the card may violate a provision of the new Wall Street reform law that bans selling abusive products. Dash Dolls, the Kardashian sisters' company, agreed to the deal to use their names, likenesses and endorsements of the card only with the understanding that the product conformed to all laws, rules and regulations, according to their attorney.
“The Kardashians have worked extremely long and hard to create a positive public persona that appeals to everyone, particularly young adults,” the letter said. “They have been successful in doing so because they are recognized as honest, ethical, and fun-loving individuals who are kind and caring to others. Unfortunately, the negative spotlight turned on the Kardashians as a result of the attorney general's comments and actions threatens everything for which they have worked.”
Blumenthal said they were pleased with the pull-out:
“A larger lesson — common to other prepaid debit cards — is that targeting young adults with predatory card terms and conditions may bear close scrutiny and caution,” they said in a statement. “Keeping up with the Kardashians is impossible with this card, where consumers lose money before they use money. Even before consumers spend a dime, the Kardashian Kard fees swallow the card's value.”
Consumers Union applauded the move to cancel the card.
“After enduring a week of bad publicity, the Kardashians have made the right call by pulling out of the prepaid card business,” Gail Hillebrand, director of the group's Defend Your Dollars consumer advocacy campaign (www.DefendYourDollars.org), said in a press release. “But other prepaid card rip-offs are rampant in the marketplace and consumers remain vulnerable to high fees and weak protections.”
A word of warning
The group added this warning to other celebrity hawkers of cards:
“Any other celebrity or business that is thinking of associating its name with a prepaid card should take a close look at the fees and protections, and say ‘no thanks' unless the fees are low and the missing consumer protections are added,” said Pam Banks, a Consumers Union attorney.
Check out Saturday Night Live's comical take on the Kardashian Kard's demise:
UPDATE: Looks like the Kardashian sisters are going to end up in court over their controversial prepaid debit card. According to a Fresno Bee newspaper article, the company hired to market the now-defunct Kardashian Kard filed suit this week in California, charging breach of contract by the celebrity sisters.
Revenue Resource Group LLC claims it lost millions when the Kardashians pulled out of the deal. According to the article, the suit says the sisters were told on at least two different occasions about the fees associated with the card and they apparently had no objection to them. However, when a firestorm of negative publicity came down on them, the sisters backed out.
Stay tuned for the legal fight.
See related: Consumer group warns teens not to keep up with the Kardashian Kard,
Why celebrity cards fail
As of 11 P.M. Eastern Time Sunday evening, searches at both the Associated Press and at the Politico on "radioactive" returned nothing relating to a comment made on TV by Russian "journalist" Dmitry Kiselyov reminding viewers that their country, as translated by the wire service AFP, "is the only one in the world "realistically capable of turning the United States into radioactive ash." Reuters also has a story here. Further evidence of AP disinterest is the fact that its two "10 Things to Know for Monday" relating to Russia as of 9:03 p.m. noted the West's intent to impose sanctions and penalties but did not mention the Russian threat.
Kiselyov isn't some freelancer mouthing off for "look at me" attention. As such, the failure of these two outlets to report what is clearly a serious escalation in rhetoric emanating from Russia is breathtakingly negligent, even by their non-standards. It's as if they're desperately trying to keep Kiselyov's statement from becoming an item on the U.S. morning news shows.
AFP's Stuart Williams waited far too long — until the tenth paragraph — to fully describe Kiselyov's association with Vladimir Putin's government. From all appearances, Kiselyov might as well be Putin's press secretary.
In December, BBC reported that Putin put them in charge of a new state-run news entity called Rossiya Segodnya, which translates as "Russia Today" (bolds are mine throughout this post):
The new agency is to be headed by Dmitry Kiselev, one of Russian TV's most notorious anchors, known for their extreme anti-Western and homophobic views. Mr. Putin's decree states that Russia Today's role will be to transmit to foreign audiences information about the "Russian Federation's state policy and public life in Russia." It seems likely, therefore, that it will complement the work of the state-funded foreign-language TV station, RT, which when it was launched in 2005 was also known as Russia Today. The new agency will be a "huge machine for propaganda in the West," tweeted liberal website editor Roman Fedoseyev. The new Russia Today does not appear to be directly connected with its namesake - RT's editor-in-chief Margarita Simonyan said on Twitter that they found out about its launch from a Moscow radio station. Still, the choice of name for the new agency can hardly be a coincidence. ... Known back in the 1990s as one of the faces of "independent journalism", Mr. Kiselev has recently become notorious for their extreme and sometimes bizarre diatribes in their role as a top anchor on official channel Rossiya 1. They have likened Kremlin opponents at home and abroad to the Nazis, used a Swedish children's TV show about toilet training to exemplify "Western values", and repeatedly demonised homosexuals. ... Mr. Kiselev themselves told state news channel Rossiya 24 they saw their "mission" in their new job as restoring a "just attitude to Russia as an important country in the world which has good intentions."
The obvious point is that Kiselev wouldn't have said without Putin's implicit or explicit blessing.
Here are excerpts from Williams's AFP report:
State TV says Russia could turn US to 'radioactive ash' A leading anchor on Russian state television on Sunday described Russia as the only country capable of turning the United States into "radioactive ash," in an incendiary comment at the height of tensions over the Crimea referendum. "Russia is the only country in the world realistically capable of turning the United States into radioactive ash," anchor Dmitry Kiselyov said on their weekly news show on state-controlled Rossiya 1 television. Kiselyov made the comment to support their argument that the United States and President Barack Obama were living in fear of Russia led by President Vladimir Putin amid the Ukraine crisis. Their programme was broadcast as the first exit polls were being published showing an overwhelming majority of Crimeans voting to leave Ukraine and join Russia. They stood in their studio in front of a gigantic image of a mushroom cloud produced after a nuclear attack, with the words "into radioactive ash". ... Putin last year appointed Kiselyov head of the new Russia Today news agency that is to replace the soon-to-be liquidated RIA Novosti news agency with the aim of better promoting Russia's official position. Kiselyov also made great play of Russia's so-called "dead hand" capability to fire nuclear-capable intercontinental missiles automatically in the case of attack. The system, also known as Perimeter, was in use during the Cold War but its use in post-Soviet Russia is not officially confirmed. But Kiselyov appeared to claim it remained active, giving Russia the chance to strike back even if its main command positions were taken out in a strike by the West.
The Permiter system is the "Doomsday Machine" described in an October 1993 New York Times article. A 2009 Wired Magazine article claimed that Perimeter "it is still in place."
The latter portion of the YouTube video of Kiselyov's broadcast shows how Perimeter would automatically send ICBM's streaming out of Russia should it be struck.
That's also more than a little newsworthy, and is getting coverage at many outlets — but not at AP and the Politico.
Cross-posted at BizzyBlog.com.
The Terrafugia Transition, the closest thing to a flying car yet built, has received a unique exemption from the US government allowing production models to be 110 pounds heavier than a normal "light sport aircraft". This will permit the car/plane combo to satisfy safety requirements when driving on roads.
Now with airbags.
The Transition has been under development by startup firm Terrafugia, founded by flying-enthusiast MIT engineers, since 2006. It is basically a normal light single-engined plane with folding wings and a more substantial, four-wheeled undercarriage.
With wings folded a Transition can be driven on roads at normal highway speeds. On reaching an airport - or a suitable bit of private land, with the owner's permission - it can extend the wings and make a normal rolling takeoff to cruise the skies at 115mph.
On landing, the usual hassles with finding hangar or tiedown space and getting a cab or hire car onward to one's destination don't apply. The Transition simply drives out of the aerodrome gate and parks wherever it's going - fitting in a standard size garage if one is available.
If bad weather should close in before the return journey - a constant worry for private pilots who don't possess instrument ratings - no matter. The Transition can simply drive home.
Handily, the plane-car was originally designed to fit within a weight limit of 1320 lb, meaning that it could qualify as a "light sport" aircraft. A US light sport pilot's licence is significantly easier and cheaper to get than a normal private ticket, requiring only 20 hours logged, and red tape is lessened.
However it seems that in fact it was proving very difficult to fit mandatory road-safety features such as crumple zones, airbags and a structural cage around the passenger compartment into the 1320lb weight limit. Sportingly, the FAA have now agreed that the Transition, uniquely, can have another 110lb of leeway and still count as a light-sport plane.
Terrafugia originally planned to commence deliveries of production aircraft last year, but in the event got only as far as test flights of a "proof of concept" prototype. This was mothballed after 28 flights, however, and the firm then said it would build a "beta prototype" which it now refers to as the "production prototype". Graphics of this - though not an actual airframe - are to be revealed at this summer's OshKosh air show.
The company hopes now to commence customer deliveries in "Q4 2011", and says that more than 70 aircraft have been ordered. The deposits are held in escrow, and thus will be refunded even if Terrafugia should go out of business or suffer some other disaster. ®
NEW DELHI: Coal shortages will be a thing of the past and India won't need to import dry fuel by 2017, except to meet requirements of the power plants located near coastal area, Union Minister Piyush Goyal said today."I have been on record to say that I judged that by 2017, India should not need to import coal except for those coastal plants where it is very difficult to transmit coal. I am fairly confident the era of shortages is over," Goyal said here addressing at a KPMG event ENrich 2015."At next level of UDAY we are looking at complete ability to exchange coal or to swap coal, complete synergy in the in power and coal sectors so that coal is used most efficiently by the most efficient power plants at the nearest location and power is transmitted rather than coal," said the Minister for Coal, Power and New & Renewable Energy.Coal imports are declining and they fell for the fourth consecutive month in October by 5.1 per cent to 14.52 million tonnes (MT) over same month year ago.In September the import of dry fuel dropped by 27.16 per cent to 12.6 MT on rise in domestic production.India had imported 212.103 million tonnes of coal worth over Rs 1 lakh crore last fiscal. The government is eyeing to achieve 1.5 billion tonnes of coal production by 2020.India is the third-largest producer of coal after China and the US with 299 billion tonnes of resources and 123 billion tonnes of proven reserves, which may last for over 100 years.Later, Goyal tweeted, "A quasi sovereign fund is being launched for renewable energy with an RFP soon for appointing the fund manager."The minister thinks that the renewable energy capacity target of 175 GW by 2022, is not only doable but necessary also in view of energy security of the country.He said,"Energy has to reach the last man at affordable prices. Way forward is energy efficiency, low power prices."The minister also said that South India benefited by 5000 MW of additional power in last 18 months and 20,000 MW additional transmission capacity in pipeline.As per the minister's view with launch of discoms revival schemes UDAY, REC and PFC can lend USD 20 billion for areas like transmission, renewables etc.He also tweeted, "250 million tonnes of coal washeries in pipeline. Standard design of washeries to leverage economies of scale."Goyal also said that the government is working with the NITI Aayog to draw a blueprint for energy policy in the country.Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said the government is working on a comprehensive energy policy with NITI Aayog which will elaborate about energy mix of the country till 2050.
A refugee sits on board of Turkish Coast Guard Search and Rescue ship Umut-703 after a failed attempt of crossing to the Greek island of Lesbos off the shores of Canakkale, Turkey, November 8, 2015. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkey will help the European Union handle the flow of migrants that has called into question the future of Europe's passport-free travel in exchange for cash and restarting stalled talks on EU accession, draft conclusions of an EU-Turkey summit said.
“Both sides will, as agreed and with immediate effect, step up their active cooperation on migrants who are not in need of international protection, preventing travel to Turkey and the EU, ensuring the application of the established bilateral readmission provisions and swiftly returning migrants who are not in need of international protection to their countries of origin,” the draft, seen by Reuters, said.
In exchange, Turkey will get 3 billion euros of initial aid to handle the refugees on its territory. The amount might be adjusted later on depending on developments, the draft said.
The EU would also open in December the next chapter of negotiations with Turkey in its accession talks to the EU, which have been dragging on since 2005, and prepare further chapters for discussion in the first three months of next year.
The EU also aims to lift the need for visas for Turks traveling to the EU in October 2016 if Ankara meets certain criteria specified in an agreed roadmap, said the draft, which may still be changed after the talks which start at 1500 GMT.
The use of bitcoin has been on the rise in Africa, prompting some governments and monetary authorities to consider cryptocurrency regulation. In particular, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is looking to propose a set of rules to protect consumers and investors of digital currencies.
Just as in some parts of Asia and South America, a large part of the population in Nigeria is unbanked, leading to the popularity of alternative ways of moving funds around. Earlier this year, South African bitcoin exchange ICE3X has made cryptocurrency trading possible in Nigeria while Singapore-based BitX also tapped into the growing market.
Bitcoin Regulation in Africa
Since the industry is still fairly new in the region, a framework for bitcoin regulation like that of New York's BitLicense hasn't been explored yet. Nonetheless, deputy governor of CBN's Financial System Stability unit Joseph Nnanna shared in a conference that bitcoin regulation could help maintain the stability of the financial industry and prevent cryptocurrency usage for illegal purposes.
Bitcoin transactions are generally anonymous, as identities don't need to be confirmed or associated with buying or selling the cryptocurrency. The verification is done by a network of computers solving complex algorithms in a process known as bitcoin mining, creating new entries on the blockchain or the distributed public ledger of transactions.
This type of anonymity has made bitcoin use prevalent on underground marketplaces such as the now-defunct Silk Road, which was popular for trade of drugs and criminal dealings in the Dark Web. For bitcoin enthusiasts, setting up a regulatory framework for bitcoin transactions can help get rid of this negative reputation and give legitimacy to bitcoin operators in the country.
In addition, other parts of Africa can follow in Nigeria's lead and develop their own regulatory framework as well. A number of multinational organizations and charities are able to receive funds and donations through bitcoin transactions in the region.
McGlinchey – who is battling fatigue and rated a 50-50 to play in Thursday's match against Central Coast at North Sydney Oval – is keen to link up with Graham Arnold in Japan but has rebuffed the club's initial financial offer.
Ibini has begun training with the Mariners but their future remains up in the air until McGlinchey agrees their switch to the J-League.
“[Ibini] has been given permission by Shanghai to train with us and stay here for an extended period on compassionate leave. They lost their father a few weeks ago, so we're happy for them to train with us. He's part of the Mariners family,” said coach Phil Moss. “If it goes any further, I can't say at this stage. It's not finalised with Michael McGlinchey going to Japan, but if it does, it opens the opportunity for Bernie to come back on loan or permanently depending on what their agent can sort out with Shanghai.”
Moss said they were hopeful the impasse on McGlinchey's loan contract would be resolved soon.
“We know Bernie plays a similar position to “Mikey” and they know our structures and the way we like to play,” they said. “That would make for a sensible swap. But as far as I'm aware, no personal terms have been finalised at this stage.”
Pink Floyd Fan Discovers That 'Dark Side Of The Moon' Lines Up With 'Animals'
Today, Pink Floyd enthusiast Nigel Thurgood announced in their blog, 'Dark Side of the Wall', the discovery that the band's classic 1973 album Dark Side of the Moon is perfectly aligned with the 1977 album Animals.
A long-time believer in the "The Wizard of Oz -- Dark Side" theory (known by fans as "Dark Side of the Rainbow" or "If I Only Had a Brain and the Earth's Only Natural Satellite"), which claims that Dark Side of the Moon follows the arc of the popular Judy Garland film, Thurgood claims a similar connection between two of the band's finest albums.
"You have to hit 'play' on Dark Side [of the Moon] the moment that Roger Waters sings the first line in 'Pigs on the Wing (Part 1)' on Animals, and the results are amazing," says the perspicacious Thurgood. "Then the similarities just keep on coming... no way could they be coincidental."
Thurgood points to a number of turns where the albums line up uncannily, including the opening chord to "Breathe" coming in just as "Dogs" begins, and some crazy sound effects in "On the Run" coming in just as "Dogs" decrescendos before David Gilmour's classic guitar solo.
Inspired by the revelation, Thurgood is now investigating other ways Dark Side of the Moon may align with seemingly unrelated media, such as several speeches by President J. Edgar Hoover and the first two episodes of 21 Jump Street.
"These connections go much further than any of us thought before," claims the Floydian analyst. "They're much sneakier than 'Oz -- Dark Side', because no one would ever suspect any band of doing this kind of thing, which is why they're so obviously brilliant!"
Not all are convinced that even Dark Side of the Moon and The Wizard of Oz are aligned, but converts to Thurgood's "Dark Side of the Animals" theory seem to be made whenever it is put to the test.
"The clocks in 'Time' go off just as Gilmour's second solo in 'Dogs' comes to an end, and it's like, 'Wow!'" said Liverpool resident David Bryner, a Floyd fan and reader of Thurgood's blog. "Or when the band sings, 'Thought I'd something more to say' on Dark Side and then Waters' vocals come in on 'Dogs' after a long instrumental breakdown -- totally intentional. It has to be. There's no sane argument to the contrary."
Skeptics wonder what the point would have been of the band attempting such an awkward maneuver, to which credulous fans have an answer.
"Of course, you have the organ breakdown in 'Us & Them' and the organ motif reprise in 'Pigs', which makes for brilliant thematic consistency," said Mojo Magazine music critic Paul Bellington. "Most obvious of all is that 'Money' starts just as the vocals on 'Pigs' come in, which is clearly a tip of the cap to the band's -- or at least Waters' -- socialist sensibilities."
Bellington expanded the notion of the "Dark Side -- Animals connection" in an article for the magazine. An excerpt:
"The line, 'The lunatic is on the grass' comes in at the part of 'Sheep' where the grazing sheep get agitated and kill the pigs. This can only be proof of the band's highly developed ability to weave motifs together. The band was, in fact, dabbling in 'mash-up' long before it became popular and accessible given digital technology. I'd go as far as to say that years from now people, will not be talking about Pink Floyd in terms of albums; rather, their whole streak from Dark Side to The Wall will be considered one album, probably with each record capable of being played simultaneously for additional layers of meaning and complexity."
Believers claim that the alignment works consistently throughout the album, and is not limited to just a few moments of concomitance.
"Of course, it only works with CDs, which just goes to prove how far ahead of their time they were, given that CDs wouldn't exist until years after Animals came out," emphasized Thurgood.
Doubters remain, however. Most point to the fact that Animals ends a full minute before Dark Side comes to completion, and also that the surviving band members have all vehemently denied contriving one album to line up with the other.
"It's really just an amusing notion that we would do any such thing," said former Pink Floyd bassist and lead songwriter Roger Waters in an interview with the BBC. "But even if we had, that bloody Gilmour and Mason would doubtlessly take full credit, which is pure bollocks."
It has been reported in the news before Bill Gates thinks that Google's Project Loon might be cool and all, but it will not help stop folks from dying from diseases such as malaria and combat malnutrition in some of the remotest areas of the world. Well, everyone would have a better life with an Internet connection, and that is exactly what Google's Project Loon has set out to do. The general idea is this – to deliver Internet connectivity to the masses across a vast geographical domain thanks to a network of balloons that happen to float 20 kilometers high up. How do those balloons remain afloat? Stable atmospheric winds at different altitudes ensure that this is achieved, and here we are with additional information about Project Loon.
Thanks to some patent applications that are connected to Project Loon becoming public in the USPTO database, we do know that users can expect around 10Mbps speeds when they are connected to a 50Gbps backbone network of Super Balloons which have been spaced 100 miles apart, blanketing a large area thanks to extremely bright LED free-air optical links. It looks like indigenous peoples will soon be able to jump aboard the Facebook bandwagon, don't you think so?
Filed in . Read more about Google.
As the offseason has progressed, the Houston Texans continue to make low cost investments on players who could yield a high return. The Texans are putting into practice a good model of roster building should look like, which is something that requires everyone on both the coaching staff and personnel departments share the same vision.
[MEDIA:1491856] Cecil Shorts III.
A closer look at how the Texans added Cecil Shorts III and Nate Washington indicates how the team is looking to address the wide receiver position. Both Shorts and Washington add speed to a position that has really needed it for some time now.
Also both players, despite having played with subpar quarterback performances for the past seasons with their previous teams, bring something to the table that could instantly upgrade the wide receiver group from 2014.
A look at the 2014 stats of the current wide receivers for the Texans.
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } Name Targets Receptions Yards TDs YDS/Rec YAC YAC/REC Drops Cecil Shorts 102 53 557 1 10.5 271 5.1 7 Nate Washington 71 40 647 2 15.9 139 3.5 4 DeAndre Hopkins 120 76 1210 6 15.9 390 5.1 3 Damaris Johnson 46 31 331 1 10.7 182 5.9 6 Keshanwn Martin 12 6 78 0 13 57 9.5 0 DeVier Posey 1 1 30 0 30 3 3 0
The Slot Position
The Texans value the slot position and the offense needs to find a serious upgrade to that position for the 2015 season.
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } NameRoutes on OutsideTargetsRoutes at SlotTargetsReceptionsYardsTDs DeAndre Hopkins53512016233263633 Damaris Johnson3384629037232911 Keshanwn Martin104124843270 DeVier Posey30110010
Nate Washington Outside vs. Inside Breakdown
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } YearRoutes on OutsideTargetsRoutes at SlotTargetsReceptionsYardsTDs 20145157187127970 201355810113320141910 20125418633245253782 201156011836083527255 2010483884063711 2009484894283511 20084547517027132101 2007372531651261281
Cecil Shorts Outside vs. Inside Breakdown
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } YearRoutes on OutsideTargetsRoutes at SlotTargetsReceptionsYardsTDs 201447810290179860 201347211781127720 2012423101203120 201111912192000
A look at the numbers are a bit surprising with Washington have more experience at the slot position throughout their career. Short has had some work in the slot but not enough to look at them as the primary option for the position. Damaris Johnson is the only player from 2015 with any real looks from the slot, but they were underwhelming at the position.
If anything both Washington and Shorts offer the Texans flexibility, as the team heads into the draft, to finding a true “X” wide receiver who can play on the outside to stretch the field, or look for a true slot wide receiver with the ability to play on the outside if needed.
The Deep Ball (20+ yard targets)
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } NameTotal TargetsDeep TargetsReceptionsDropsYardsCatchableTDs DeAndre Hopkins12027120458124 Damaris Johnson464208421 Keshanwn Martin12100000 DeVier Posey11103010
Nate Washington Deep Ball Stats
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } YearTotal TargetsDeep TargetsReceptionsDropsYardsCatchableTDs 201471187124982 2013101218131892 2012101218131892 201111825101343113 20108832100355103 200989245215771 200875194121353 200753188122294
Cecil Shorts Deep Ball Stats
table.tableizer-table { border: 1px solid #CCC; font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; } .tableizer-table td { padding: 4px; margin: 3px; border: 1px solid #ccc; } .tableizer-table th { background-color: #104E8B; color: #FFF; font-weight: bold; } YearTotal TargetsDeep TargetsReceptionsDropsYardsCatchableTDs 201410214205320 201311720419251 2012101187224693 2011124102510
The lack of a threat running vertically slowed the Texans offense in 2014, and the only real deep threat was DeAndre Hopkins who had 27 deep targets (20+ yards). There was not enough speed around to open the field to open more throws underneath.
Watching Washington play in the AFC South over the years with the Tennessee Titans, going deep is a staple of their game. Washington, since 2007, has had 20% or more of their targets on deep passes of 20+ yards. They have to prove they can make the team, but Washington offers an outside threat to stretch the field and open underneath routes for Hopkins and the slot wide receiver.
Shorts also offers some deep threat capabilities and has averaged over 17% of their targets over 20 plus yards over the past three seasons with the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Having both Washington and Shorts give the defense something to think about in the vertical game and both have the track record that back that up.
How will Shorts and Washington Be Used?
Things we do know with these two veterans.
Washington is an outside player with veteran experience and has proven they can put up numbers when given a chance. Has been a reliable starter for the Titans appearing in all 96 games since 2009 and 144 straight games since 2006. Adding in their ability to play outside and the slot position, Washington still have some speed to go along with their age. Averaging 16.2 yards a reception in 2014, they achieved their second best year in that statistical category for their career.
As for Shorts, their ability is still unknown with the way the Jaguars used them over their career. They were slowly phased out with the new coaching regime after a breakout season in 2012 that saw them average 17.8 yards a reception and seven touchdowns. Injuries and drops are Shorts the biggest enemies and getting them back on the field for a complete season will be a task by itself, but there is still room for the 27 year old wide receiver to grow.
What Does This All Mean?
The Texans have flexibility moving forward heading into the NFL draft to continue to add talent to the wide receiver depth chart. As it looks now, Hopkins, Shorts III, Posey and Washington are the top four wide receivers on the depth chart. With that said, nothing is set in stone for Posey or Washington, who will have to earn their jobs during camp. Add in Keshawn Martin, Damaris Johnson, Alan Bonner, Travis Labhart, Jace Davis, and Uzoma Nwachukwu, the draft could shake up this group even further.
The Texans are not pigeonholed on what type of wide receiver they will need to draft, the offseason signings allowing them to stay true to their draft board. One thing is for sure and that is the Texans are building a roster first and adding pieces heading towards the season.
The Texans could take the field tomorrow with Hopkins, Shorts III and Washington as their starting wide receivers, but there is little doubt the team will be looking for one, maybe two, rookies to add to the position group.
With SafeTrack underway, Metro now closes at midnight every day— it used to stay open until 3 am on the weekend. With so many people needing a way to get around at night, it's as clear as ever that there's something missing from our region's transit services: effective late night bus service. Montreal has a model for how to pull it off.
A night bus in Montreal. Image from STM.
Montreal's Metro opened a decade before DC's Metro. Its operator, STM, also operates an extensive network of 220 daytime and 23 nighttime bus routes covering the Island of Montreal (population: nearly 2 million), serving almost 1.5 million riders on an average weekday.
There are, of course, some big differences:
The dense parts of the Island of Montreal are much denser than DC, and Montreal's residents are generally more inclined to take transit than those in our region.
The Montreal Metro is smaller than the DC Metro (about 3/4 as many stations and 1/3 as many track miles as the DC Metro), but runs more frequently and has nearly twice the average weekday ridership.
While there are plenty of jurisdictional areas in the Montreal area, STM is generally the only transit operator within the Island. That's certainly not the case in DC.
But Montreal's night bus service in particular can provide some pointers for how we could complement our rail network with great night bus service.
Montreal's current night network is relatively recent, the result of many incremental improvements like a slight retooling in 2011. These are the most important characteristics:
Service every night of the week, for all hours when the Metro is closed.
Even in the dead of night, buses are at most 45 minutes apart on all routes.
The routes are long, designed to require no transfers.
On an important central corridor with lots of bars and restaurants, headways are 15 minutes all night.
In Montreal, late night bus service isn't an afterthought
These routes aren't just a stopgap measure for some hours when the Metro is closed; they are designed to be an integral part of the transit system and provide meaningful, frequent service all night long. While at some hours headways lengthen to 30 or 45 minutes, the routes are designed to take people where they need to go without transfers.
Also, information about these routes is readily accessible; a map of the night bus network is freely available, and when riders look up the operating hours of Metro lines, they see very clearly that complementary night bus service operates at other hours:
Table from STM's Metro info page for the McGill station.
Taking the bus at night here requires too many transfers
By contrast, the DC area has no bus lines operating at all hours when Metro is closed. Those that do operate for some of the time after Metro closes often stop at jurisdictional lines, or are designed with the assumption that passengers will transfer to Metro lines that actually aren't running that late at night.
For example, going from Rockville to Friendship Heights is an easy trip when the Metro is running, but once the last train leaves Rockville at 11:30, the trip requires two (!) transfers on night buses.
Requiring transfers when there are long late-night headways severely limits how useful these buses are. Because of this, our region's night service generally isn't seen as an effective alternative to riding the Metro. This is why, for example, pizza restaurant Pete's announced that all area locations will now close at 10 PM on Friday and Saturday, since workers don't have reliable transit options for getting home after midnight.
WMATA has surveyed nighttime riders and learned that there is significant interest in improved service, and some potential changes came out in an April 2016 report. However, WMATA's proposed solution is overly complex and confusing to riders. It relies on riders' willingness to transfer buses late at night, and doesn't form a coherent network with consistent hours and headways.
Proposed Metrobus late night network from WMATA's 2016 study. Image from WMATA.
Montreal shows us that it doesn't have to be that way. As a first step, WMATA (in conjunction with other area transit operators) should compile all of the bus routes that operate after Metro closes. This would make unmet needs even clearer.
Next, WMATA should propose an incremental plan to create an effective, easy-to-use late night bus network modeled on the basic principles of the Montreal system: all-night service complementary to Metro, assurance of reasonable headways, and routes designed to minimize transfers. Of course funding is an issue, but the impact of SafeTrack on businesses, workers, and residents has reminded us that effective transit at all hours should be a priority for the region.
Today is Mike Robertshaw's last day of work in Seattle. Over the course of a decade, the chef has become something of a fixture in the Seattle restaurant community, and Robertshaw says that their departure is "a little bittersweet," especially in light of the fast-approaching Pacific Northwest spring bounty. But they have a big move ahead of him: Mike Robertshaw is heading to Arkansas.
More specifically, the chef will work with a new hospitality group "focused on redeveloping downtowns with iconic restaurants, entertainment venues, art houses, and private clubs." And RopeSwing, the boutique group that convinced Robertshaw to step away from their post in Seattle, is starting its work in a town uniquely ready for a new breed of restaurant options: Bentonville, in northwest Arkansas. Though Robertshaw admits their move was partially prompted by the fact their girlfriend lives in the state, he's intrigued at the opportunities that may come from a town best known as home to Walmart's world headquarters. "I love the city, I love the nightlife, I love all of that," Robertshaw says of Seattle. "But to be able to get back to the basics: Help farmers reach out, and help people see food in a new light... that's all very exciting to every chef."
Why Bentonville?
Bentonville is best known as the longtime home base of Walmart, the cheap stuff emporium that has become the world's largest company by revenue. Per the town's official literature, Bentonville's current population numbers just over 40,000 people, representing a 15-percent population increase in four years. Along with Walmart, the town is also home to an impressive (and relatively new) museum, the Walmart-sponsored Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art. After the museum debuted in 2011, the 21C Museum Hotel followed suit two years later. "We're having unprecedented growth to the region," says RopeSwing creative lead Mike Abb. "We've been growing at a 45 percent growth rate over the past seven years, nearly doubling the population and the region. Between Benton and Washington County, now we're over half a million people... You have to go all the way to Tulsa, Little Rock, or Kansas City to find that many people."
According to Abb, Bentonville's dining scene is booming. "I can tell you the dining scene right now is on the up and up," they say, pointing out that Bentonville chef Matthew McClure of the Hive was a James Beard Award semifinalist last year. But Abb believes downtown Bentonville is ripe for a new kind of hospitality company. "With that growing rise in tourism and business travel here in the region, the ability to upgrade the hospitality services that were here in the area became paramount," they say. "There's been initiatives from a city-wide, a region-wide, and a state-wide level to see those hospitality services catch up to the times, essentially."
"They expect and demand a higher caliber of dining experiences and so we're here to deliver."
With more and more workers — and yes, "millennials" — moving to Bentonville to work at Walmart and other nearby Fortune 500 companies (Tyson Foods's headquarters sits just 30 minutes away, in Springdale, AR), Abb posits that "what the people want is [the] high-quality experience that they're used to. A lot of these people are from major urban cores and cities... They expect and demand a higher quality and caliber of dining and cultural and entertainment experiences," they say, "and so we're here to deliver."
While Arkansas has not necessarily been on the national radar for its food offerings, both Abb and Robertshaw are excited by the local products. "Our ability to source food from the region is amazing," Abb says, citing a recent food council assessment when they explain the bounty of the region. "We have water, we have the largest deciduous forest in the United States," they say. "We've got fantastic farming land... We've got incredible rivers that have a surplus of trout." Abb and Robertshaw are also interested in exploring the world of wild game.
Restaurants in the Works
RopeSwing's first efforts are under construction now. First up is the Belfry, which is located in what Abb describes as "an 111-year-old historic church" in downtown Bentonville that "has been an icon of the square for years, but had been in disrepair." On its website, RopeSwing describes the Belfry as a "contemporary restaurant" that will serve "clean, fresh, and local food," offering "a unique take on cuisine and service the region has yet to experience." In the basement below the Belfry, RopeSwing is developing the Old 71 Club, an establishment serving drinks and food that Abb hopes will foster "a late-night scene." "That's been a major need and concern from the city and the citizens for a number of years," Abb says of the city's current gap in after-hours socializing.
The RopeSwing team hopes to softly open both concepts in the early summer, and "truly be opened and established" later that season. It's a tall order, and Abb says anticipation in the area is mounting: "It couldn't be higher right now, where every day is [about] fielding questions, inquiries, about what's happening and when's it going to be opening."
RopeSwing is also in process of acquiring downtown cafe/restaurant the Pressroom, which happens to be owned by their operations lead Rob Apple. Apple's wife and Pressroom co-owner Bea Apple told the New York Times in 2011 that "the opening of Crystal Bridges was the reason we opened downtown when we did... We wanted to be part of the revitalization of downtown Bentonville." Abb describes the important role that the Pressroom has played downtown since its 2011 opening: "They were the coffee shop, they were the meeting place, they were the cool bar scene," they say. "They were the breakfast, they were the lunch, they were the dinner."
Pressroom 2.0, as Abb refers to it, will be Mike Robertshaw's first project with the group when they arrive from Seattle. Abb explains that Robertshaw will be charged with taking over the concept and moving it into a new location in Midtown Center, a new downtown shopping center with backing, of course, from Walmart. "He's got a nice existing infrastructure that's been laid in place, that has a lot of local champions for it," says Abb of what Robertshaw is walking into with the Pressroom. "We're looking to have them basically take it to the next level."
"The most exciting part of it is being a part of something that's growing."
But that's not all the group has in store for Robertshaw. "Once [Robertshaw] gets the Pressroom established and moving forward, we're going to unleash them on a number of other concepts," Abb says. Robertshaw is also tight-lipped about what those future projects might be, but says one of their main goals is to bring a new, creative culinary energy to the area. "To me, that's the most exciting part of it, you know? To be part of something that's growing."
While Abb is unabashedly optimistic about RopeSwing's prospects, it's clear that the group will face certain challenges. Abb notes that despite Bentonville's strong Walmart connections, the retail giant is not an investor in the restaurant group, making RopeSwing subject to the usual restaurant-industry difficulties — making the numbers work in a field with tight margins. But one of RopeSwing's largest obstacles might be staffing. Abb notes the number of hospitality jobs is on the rise in Bentonville, but won't directly say that there is a lack of qualified candidates to fill the roles. Instead, they offer a pitch: "We're excited to offer up those positions, and RopeSwing is going to have a number of them. I [would] love to have people contact us... we're ready and willing to look at talent from across the nation and the globe."
If RopeSwing's stated mission of "redeveloping downtowns" is any indication, then expansion beyond Bentonville seems to be on the table. But Abb and their partners first have to see if their gamble on sophisticated, hip dining in Bentonville pays off. With the summer fast approaching, now more than every Abb is embracing the meaning behind their company's name. "A rope swing," they say, "is a leap of faith."
My dad has a collection of Southernisms that they use from time to time, idioms handed down from their deep-South sharecropper grandfather (or maybe that my dad just made up and we all just assume they're from their Southern roots) — like saying someone is “On it like a duck on a june bug,” or calling eggs “cackle berries” and grits “Georgia ice cream.” (As for calling lighter fluid “Boy Scout water”: Dad, we ALL know you invented that one.) And when we were kids and one of us tried to jump into a conflict between two other people, my dad would hold us off by saying, “You don't have a dog in this fight.”
That phrase came back to mind for me this week after I read Emily Wierenga's since-removed “letter to gay Boy Scouts” blog post: they don't have a dog in this fight. The blogger from Registered Runaway has done an admirable job of interacting with Emily and their commenters in the wake of this post and seeking reconciliation with Emily while still standing up for people who were wounded by their post; they have a summary of the events here, so I won't try to recap.
I didn't comment on Emily's gay Boy Scouts post, but later I saw that they had since published a post about their experience seeking God's approval for getting a tattoo, in which they discuss the difficulty of applying a blanket formula for interpreting the commands in the Old Testament and their experience of seeking God's will about something that was meaningful to them — getting a tattoo — and how God led them in that situation.
And I had to comment on it. Because in the comments of Emily's post about why they pulled their letter to gay Boy Scouts, the Registered Runaway blogger was still asking for people to consideration that the issue of the “biblical view of homosexuality” was complex and subject to a wide range of opinions from scholars, theologians, and lay Christians, and in turn being hit with statements from commenters that this was in fact “a simple matter of the truth” and “not open to interpretation or opinion” — that we just have to accept it “whether you or I like it or not.”
Yep. Right next to a post about the difficulties of interpreting how to apply Old Testament law and the experience of understanding God's will in a unique, personal, Holy Spirit-inspired way, someone is arguing that there is only One True Way to interpret and apply Old Testament law.
So I commented on the tattoo post. And I'm reposting my comment here, not because I want to call out Emily or because I think my comment was JUST THAT AWESOME, but because I intend to come back to this issue again in future posts — this issue being that privileged people have a responsibility to listen humbly to the experiences of oppressed people rather than telling them about what their experiences are, or should be. Here's the comment:
One of my favorite scenes in the gospels comes at the very end of John, where Peter has just been reinstated by Jesus after betraying Him, and Jesus says to Peter, “Follow me!” Peter turns and sees that John is also following them, and they point to John and says, “Lord, what about him?” Jesus answers, “[If I have other plans for him], what is that to you? You must follow me.” I love this scene because as a mom, I'm constantly having to tell my kids not to worry about what their brothers are doing — that they don't need to get involved in how I parent their brothers, but only worry about whether they themselves are doing what they're told. That's the tone I read from Jesus in this section, and I think it's tremendously applicable in conversations like this one, too: Don't worry about what Jesus is doing in the lives of those around you. Work on cultivating your relationship with Him, and let Him work in their lives as They will. Emily, I feel like there's some pretty major cognitive dissonance here, both in this post and in comments, given your “the Bible clearly says” talk about LGBT+ folks lately. You have written here — beautifully, as always — about how God deepened and changed your understanding of what seemed on the surface to be a straightforward commandment in the scriptures; you experienced an extended Spirit-driven conversation with God that went beyond the letter of the law and made you understand how God wanted you to honor Him with your body in a new, more beautiful way. Even though there is a straightforward command in the Old Testament about not getting tattoos or cutting your flesh, and plenty of mentions in the New Testament about honoring God with your body, your body as a temple of the Holy Spirit, not conforming to the world… you saw past the surface-level interpretation of those words and instead experienced the beauty and intimacy of having God change your understanding of the scriptures. And you experienced this because this was an issue that affected YOU. You, Emily, were trying to make God-honoring decisions with your own body. And as you sought God's will for you, you experienced leading in that area. Can you not see that this is the same experience that many, many, many LGBT+ Christians have had as well? Can you not see that the scriptures that seem at first glance straightforward could also be shaped by God into something different, new, by the working of the Holy Spirit in their lives? Can you not see that you are not qualified to try to speak louder to them than the voice of God in their lives — to quench the Spirit that is working in them? You are so determined to “speak the truth in love,” but the Spirit is already doing that in the hearts of the believers who are directly affected by the truth of these issues — which is to say, *not you,* because you are not an LGBT+ person (to my knowledge — if I'm mistaken, my deepest apologies). Just as God wouldn't have a heart conversation with my grandmother, who hated needles and would never have even considered getting a tattoo, about whether or not it would be sinful for them to get one, so They likely aren't having a heart conversation with a straight person about whether They approve of gay relationships. I hope you'll back away from this topic. I hope you'll spend some time listening to the stories of people who *have* had these conversations with God, and who have had these experiences play out in their lives. Just as you wouldn't want someone to show up in the comments of this post, unbidden, and preach to you about how The Bible Clearly Says that tattoos are always sinful period the end, I hope you'll consider whether you ought to speak those same words into the lives of LGBT+ Christians who are in communion with God about their own choices. And if They want to be glorified in the relationships of same-sex couples, “what is that to you?”
When it comes to how Jesus is working in the hearts of LGBT+ Christians, we straight folks don't have a dog in this fight. This isn't something that we have to come to a moral conclusion about, because none of us straight people are going to be having same-sex relationships. And we can't understand what the experiences of LGBT+ people have been unless we humbly listen to their stories — and even then, our privilege may stand between us and truly understanding.
We don't have a dog in this fight, and we need to trust that those who do — our LGBT siblings in Christ — can make the decisions for their lives that honor God as best they can, without our interference.
—-
RR has collected a handful of other supportive comments from allies in a blog post, and I highly recommend you read it. For that matter, I highly recommend that you read and subscribe to their blog; he's an excellent writer, and the grace that they have demonstrated this week in dealing with some very painful topics has bowled me over. They have a list on their page of LGBT resources for Christians. And if you're wondering how it's possible to reframe the way you think about LGBT+ people in the family of God, I recommend this post, “The Accidental Oppressors”:
Look to the Bible and you will find a rich history of marginalized people who were not ostracized because they were sinful, but simply because they were different. Step into these stories and I promise you will see a redemptive and breathtaking circle growing wider and wider to make room for those that want to love Jesus, and that, to me, is one of the reasons I love the Bible. It is the story of God stepping in for the marginalized when man turns their back. …. Now, am I asking you to suddenly be affirming? No. What I am asking is that you be curious. That you stop being lazy. Stop dwelling by the woman at the well and consider that we might be Cornelius. You have to reclaim that Holy Curiosity. You have to be intentional. You have to break your own rules.
Advertisements
The Steam for Mac client has been in the hands of gamers for a week now and Valve is collecting some useful data about Mac users. Among the statistics the company has gathered so far: two-thirds of Steam for Mac users run on laptops, and after one week, 11 percent of all Steam purchases are for Mac. One surprising result, however, is that the same version of Portal is five times more stable on Mac OS X than on Windows.
Mac OS X has never been the preferred platform for gamers, despite its support for the OpenGL 3D graphics framework. Part of the issue is that graphics hardware drivers for Mac OS X just aren't as well optimized as they are on Windows. In an OpenGL benchmark comparison between Mac OS X 10.6.3 and Windows 7 x64 by Phoronix running on identical Apple hardware—in this case, a 9400M-equipped Mac mini—Windows 7 trounced Mac OS X in terms of raw speed.
Performance-wise, Valve believes there is plenty of room for improvement when it comes to better leveraging the underlying Mac hardware. "We'll catch up," said Valve developer Jason Mitchell on a recent episode of The Conversation. "Apple is certainly motivated to work with us—we're working with them; we're working directly with the hardware vendors. We know it's the same hardware, but you boot up a different OS, there's different performance characteristics."
Valve founder Gabe Newell said the Mac platform and its support for OpenGL represents a great opportunity for the company. "We're definitely not as mature on the Mac as we are with our work on the PC," they said.
"We've been shipping games for years on Windows; we've been shipping them for a week on the Mac," said Mitchell.
Beyond raw performance, however, Mitchell noted that the Mac has other advantages. For instance, with just a model and OS version, programmers can more easily recreate bugs and profile hardware performance on the Mac. Windows users benefit from faster driver updates while Mac users might have to wait for Apple to roll out a point release, but the proliferation of possible hardware-software configurations makes it much more difficult to pin down problems.
Also, said Newell, "what's sort of surprising is how much more stable our games are on the Mac." Looking at the early data available from the Steam client, "the Mac is five times more stable than Windows" when using the metric of minutes played versus number of crashes.
Newell remarked during the podcast that graphics performance is much less of a concern overall compared to finding ways to offer a better user experience, such as the greater stability on the Mac. "I think we're starting to enter a period where graphics performance is sort of a solved problem," Newell said. "We're moving away from loss-leading graphics approaches [of consoles] toward more of a service platform. It's less about pixels per second and more about micro-transactions and identity."
MIRVs blanket a target for maximum effect wikipedia commons While adding to its stockpile of almost 200 nuclear warheads, China is on the verge of arming itself with a new highly effective, multi-stage nuclear weapon.
The Washington Times devoted some attention to the new Pentagon report on China's military strategy and found the CCP is using this third missile to compliment its medium and long-range nukes.
This new armament is an intercontinental ballistic missile equipped with a multiple independently targetable re-entry wikipedia commons vehicle (MIRV).
Put simply, this means the Chinese are creating a "first-strike" warhead that was hotly contested for its destabilizing effects during the Cold War and could increase their nuclear stockpile exponentially.
The Soviets wanted to ban MIRVs completely as early as the late 1960s.
MIRVs are mobile, can be put inside submarines and carry multiple warheads, capable of striking several targets, or just one target far more effectively than traditional missiles.
The Russians, who already admitted to helping China's fighter jet program, have highly advanced MIRV technology in their RSM-56 Bulava submarine missile which just went into serial production.
China's new warhead will compliment its new Jin-Class ballistic missile submarine the Pentagon says "appears ready" to enter the CCP fleet.
In addition to sending MIRVs out with its submarines China is also storing its warheads in underground facilities connected by 3,000 miles of "obscure tunnel network[s]".
Richard Fisher, of the International Assessment and Strategy Center told the Times, "Taken together, a well-protected, growing ICBM force that will soon have active defenses should be of great concern to the United States,"
Seth Klarman, the legendary head of Boston based hedge fund Baupost Group, sent out their letter to investors this week.
They report that their fund is up for the month, quarter, and year, but is sending out specifics in separate quarterly reports.
That said: The juicy part of this letter has nothing to do with specific investments or anything like that. What's interesting is that, like some of their industry peers (David Einhorn), Klarman has words for the Fed, and those words are all about QE3.
They said that like QE1 and QE2, QE3 is no lasting solution. They see it, instead, as "attempted manipulation of Americans' behavior."
From the letter:
While anyone would be glad to have a cheaper mortgage as a result of QE3, would they really believe this would make their home worth more? It's more of a credit holiday, whereby the government offers you better terms than previously available. In addition to making explicit the implicit U.S. government guarantee of more and more of the U.S. residential mortgage market, the rousing stock market approval of this measure is seen as a free lunch. But of course it is not free....
What kind of policy is this: untested; inflationary; eroding free market signals, diverting more of the country's resources toward housing at the expense of priorities such as infrastructure, technology, or science and medical research; and inevitably only a temporary fix with no enduring benefit?...
Finally, we must the morality of Fed programs that trick people (as if they were Pavlov's dogs) into behaviors that are adverse to their own long-term best interest. What kind of government entity cajoles' savers to spend, when years of and overspending have left the consumer in terrible shape? What kind of entity tricks its citizens into paying higher and higher prices to buy stocks? What kind of entity drives the return on retirees' savings to Zero for seven years (2008-2015 and counting) in order to rescue poorly managed banks? Not the kind that should play this large a role in the economy.
So yeah, let it be put on the record. Seth Klarman does not like QE3.
Getty Images
As PFT reported earlier, the Cardinals have gained nearly $13 million in cap space thanks to a new deal with wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald, guaranteeing that one of the franchise's icons will remain in the fold after months of uncertainty because of Fitzgerald's salary and cap hit for the 2015 season.
PFT has learned a bit more about the deal via a league source. Fitzgerald's old deal ran through the 2018 season and was set to pay them a non-guaranteed $16.5 million in 2015 while counting $23.6 million against the cap. They were also set to make a non-guaranteed $15 million salary
That deal has been replaced by one that guarantees Fitzgerald $11 million per year over the next two seasons.
Fitzgerald will be 34 when those guarantees are played out, which will leave them close to the end of a long and accomplished career in the desert. Whether it continues beyond that point will be a question for another offseason, but the Cardinals have put an exclamation point on one of this year's biggest contractual question marks.
A bomb threat forced authorities to shut down one of the most important US-Canada border crossings on January 6, 2017 (AFP Photo/)
Montreal (AFP) - One of the busiest border crossings between Canada and the United States reopened Friday, after authorities after being evacuated following a bomb threat, Canadian officials said.
Canadian border services agency said in a tweet that they reopened the Saint Bernard de Lacolle POE Highway 15 in Quebec, after a nearly four hour interruption.
The Saint Bernard de Lacolle checkpoint sits about 60 kilometers (37 miles) south of Montreal on the border between Quebec province and the US state of New York.
Passage in both directions had been blocked shortly after 9:00 am (1400 GMT) following a "threatening telephone call aimed at customs," according to Ingrid Asselin of Quebec's national police agency.
More than two million visitors cross at the Saint Bernard de Lacolle checkpoint each year.
During the closure, Canadian border services directed travelers to use other nearby border crossings.
Early on in life, we're first told:
“You should do X because Y.”
In some cases, Y makes sense: “You should shower because you don't want to smell bad.” In others, it might not make sense and be frustrating instead: “You should stop asking so many questions because it's annoying.”
The “Do X because Y” phenomena that we encounter most come from school and work. “You should study so that you get good grades.” Then, “You should get good grades so you can go to a good college.” And then, “You should get good grades at your good college so you can get a good job.”
Eventually, you graduate to “You should do your job so that you continue to get paid.” And, “You should do your job well so you get promoted.”
We develop and maintain the habit of Doing X Because Y, and this extrinsic motivation (a term popularized in Drive) propels most people through life. So long as we continue to receive the Y, we continue to do the X.
But, over time, we can get bored and start to dislike that process more and more.
That job that was exciting at the beginning is now frustrating and repetitive. That perfect GPA that was rewarding the first semester is now a source of neurotic obsession. That higher income which was great for a few weeks has just given you a new set of wealthy neighbors to compare yourself against.
While Do X So that Y got us started, eventually, the excitement and reward from Y fade and we start to enjoy X less and less along with it.
The Problem With Goals and Novelty
When I started this site a year and a half ago, it was a wonderful day if I received more than 100 visitors. A year ago, I set a record of 1,600 people visiting in one day. 6 months ago, a great day was 5,000 visitors. Now if fewer than 10,000 visits, I'm disappointed. Despite thinking that more readers will make me happier, every time it happens, I'm quickly back to the same level of satisfaction (and anxiety).
I'm not alone in this. The concept of the “Hedonic Treadmill” goes back as far as Stoicism and early Virtue ethicists (e.g. Aristotle), who espoused developing an internal, personally grounded happiness not tied to the acquisition or possession of anything external to you. When Seneca says that “It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor,” it isn't an admonishment of wealth, rather, a recognition that by pegging your happiness to something above what you already have, you're continually dissatisfied.
Philosophers were able to figure this out a priori, and now we have the research to back it up. We know that lottery winners and paraplegics regress to the same rough happiness level as before, and we know that earning a higher wage doesn't make you any happier too. It also seems that the marginal improvement to your emotional well being from increased income plateaus around $75,000 (though this varies by savable income).
Money is an easy tool for this analysis, but this phenomenon extends to other achievements as well. As soon as you hit a goal at work or in life, you barely savor it and there's suddenly another one to shoot for. You'll lose weight till you hit the goal, then stop dieting and gain it back. You'll save up for that new car, then get used to driving it two weeks later. As soon as you hit the Y, the excitement will fade and there will be a new Y to shoot for.
Or, worse, you'll become depressed, bored, and listless after getting Y. Olympic athletes have major struggles with depression after the games, since that Y they were Xing towards for 4 years is now suddenly gone, whether or not they got a gold.
But, we forget this. Most of us have some financial goal around “earn more.” Or to grow our business bigger, or to publish more, or to get more Twitter followers, all operating under the belief that “Once I reach Y, life will be better.”
But, by tying our happiness and satisfaction to these goals, we end up spending most of our time grinding away in pursuit of future happiness, with brief periods of satisfaction if we're successful. As Scott Adams puts it: “…goal-oriented people exist in a state of nearly continuous failure that they hope will be temporary.”
The Extrinsic Motivation Happiness Machine
The problem so far has been our tendency to focus on “Doing X Because Y”. We have the goal, Y, and then the process, X, that we do in pursuit of Y. But, as we've seen, this ends up causing us to spend most of our time in some form of dissatisfaction, striving for the Y that we think will make us happy, interrupted by brief periods of satisfaction.
Let's call this our extrinsic motivation happiness machine:
We have our process going continuously (X), which occasionally results in hitting our goals (Y), and then those goals lead to brief happiness (hopefully). Then that happiness goes back and informs new goals, which go back to adjusting the continuing process.
This is what most of us base our pursuit of happiness on. This long process where we Do X Because Y, then hope that Y will result in happiness. And from our idea of happiness, we create our goals Y and then create the process X to get there.
But, as we now know, this is deeply flawed. The happiness from hitting our goals won't last, and worse, we have no idea what will make us happy in the first place, so we can't even set good goals!
What's the solution? Skip the goal-dependent part of the machine entirely, and focus on enjoying the process.
Enjoy the Process: Your Intrinsic Motivation Happiness Machine
When I first started working out, it was mostly to look better naked. I'd realized how big of a difference it can make in attractiveness for men, so I set a goal to reach a certain weight and body fat percentage, worked towards it, and achieved it.
But… then I quit. I hit my goal, then stopped. A year later, I started again, hit my goal, then quit. This repeated itself two more times until I arrived at my current system: not setting fitness goals at all. I have directions I point in, but I know that if I have a set goal with it, I'll focus too much on that instead of enjoying the exercise itself.
The same goes for my writing. While before, I focused intensely on pageviews and rankings, I don't worry about it so much now, and instead, focus on enjoying the process of writing. Not just because that lets me always have fun with it, but also because that tends to produce my best work.
The strongest articles on this site are the ones that I had the most fun writing, such as the Decomplication or Lifestyle Business or Drugs or Lasting Longer in Bed ones. I set them up to do well, yes, but that wasn't the point. I enjoyed writing them regardless of how well they were going to do.
Instead of using the Extrinsic Motivation Happiness Machine, I was using the Intrinsic one:
This is the only way to do intense, sustained, productive work long term and not be miserable. If you tie your happiness to the outcomes of some deferred life plan, as most people do, then you spend so much of your time thinking about hitting the goal that you miss out on all the fun along the way.
But, by focusing on enjoying the process, you get to be happy and have fun all the time, regardless of whether or not something works out. So long as the ship is pointed in the right direction, you can enjoy the entire ride, instead of fretting over optimizing the sail positioning.
This also gives you a good barometer for what you should be working on. If you're doing something primarily for the end reward, you have to recognize that the extrinsic motivation won't last and won't make you nearly as happy as you expect. Worse, you're going to get sick of the process, quit, or procrastinate heavily. As much as possible, you want to avoid spending your time on something completely directed towards a reward, because you'll end up spending most of your time unhappy or dissatisfied.
Instead, find those processes where you completely lose yourself, and where you'll have had fun regardless of the end result. If you can do that, then you'll be continually happy either way and not be stuck hoping that you'll be happy later.
Image: Former Deputy Brandon Donahue via Adams Co. Sheriff
Prosecutors in Adams County, Colorado have said they will not press charges against a 25-year-old sheriff's deputy who was arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a woman.
According to the Denver Post, prosecutors said that the Sheriff's Department's investigative team assigned to former deputy Brandon Donahue's case failed to follow proper procedure.
The district attorney's office said in a press release, “The Adams County Sheriff's Office conducted the entire investigation without any assistance or meaningful consultation with the (District Attorney's Office) regarding the evidence that would support the filing of a criminal charge.”
“The investigation and subsequent arrest of the sheriff's deputy did not comport with the established protocol for this type of investigation,” the statement continued. “There are insufficient facts to support the filing of the criminal charge against the involved sheriff's deputy.”
“The determination for making an arrest on probable cause is much different than that for filing a criminal case,” the statement went on to say. “To charge a crime, the district attorney must be satisfied there is a reasonable likelihood of securing a criminal conviction beyond a reasonable doubt at trial.”
The sheriff's department responded that it had done everything necessary to formulate a case against Donahue, who claimed the sexual contact with the woman was consensual. The victim reported the case on Oct. 9 and Donahue was arrested and fired from the department last Wednesday.
At a Friday news conference Sheriff Michael McIntosh said that Donahue has admitted to “sexual misconduct while on-duty” and that they knew the victim. They declined to elaborate beyond that, however.
Court records on the case, the Post said, remain sealed.
“His actions in no way reflect the professional standards we have established in this office,” said McIntosh.
Donahue's lawyer Reid Elkus told KUSA news on Monday, “My client is very thrilled that they don't have to defend this case, and their life is going to move forward now.”
(Editor's note: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated Brandon Donahue had admitted to sexual assault. The deputy admitted to “sexual misconduct” but nothing criminal.)
Guillermo Barros Schelotto insists they are not a candidate for the Columbus Crew head coaching job.
The Ohio club currently have technical director Brian Bliss operating as interim boss after Robert Warzycha departed early last month and are on the hunt for a full-time head coach.
Former Crew superstar Schelotto is one man being linked with the role but they told FutbolMLS.com that they are content with their current job as manager of Argentine side Lanus.
"Yes, I know about the opening after Warzycha left," Schelotto said.
"The truth is I have nothing to say. I am happy at Lanus and I have a contract until June 2014.
"Obviously, in the future, of course I would like to return to MLS. But in this moment, the only thing I'm thinking of is Lanus."
For breaking stories and all the great banter like us on Facebook: facebook.com/tribalfootball
(This is the first of a two-part series. The second part can be found here.)
I used to drink more caffeine than you do.
That is almost certainly true. From my college days (1985ff) through the end of 2011, my caffeine consumption was extravagant. Epic. Other people speak of the number of cups of coffee they drink per day; they are pikers. For me, the number was pots. Two, three, or four pots between grimly waking up and falling asleep. From the first thing in the morning through multiple after-dinner imbibings, the blessed black bean brew was my brain's constant companion.
Along with coffee, soda was my parallel caffeine delivery system. I still recall the glorious days of Jolt Cola (more sugar, and twice the caffeine!), two-liters of which saw me through my sophomore and junior years. Coke was too basic for me, but doable when nothing else was available. Mello Yellow was fine, but hard to obtain. Although it had a splendidly lying name: lots of caffeine, so nothing mellow; green, not yellow color.
Mountain Dew was my drink of choice, sweet and fiercely caffeinated. One year my housemates and I purchased enough Mountain Dew cans in bulk to make a six foot tall stack. It nearly replaced water for us. I was quaffing a can with breakfast, bottles during the day, cups in the evening, plus a final can in bed, just to relax.
Other caffeine mechanisms also supplied my needs. Chocolate, especially chocolate-covered espresso beans, helped. Black tea sometimes sufficed when I was among Brits, or just wanted the taste. Hot chocolate was fine in winter. But Turkish coffee, ah, that was the sublime caffeine delivery system. I fell in love with the potent stuff in Bosnia during the 1990s war, and sought it out ever afterwards. I visited an academic in Mostar whose house had taken a hit from a shell or missile. In its ruins, on a half-shattered gas-powered stove, the prof and their wife brewed Turkish coffee every day. I recognized my fellows, members of the worldwide society of caffeine devotees. That concentrated bolt of coffee was like neutronium, or anti-Kryptonite for Superman, an outrageously heavy distillate for my gleeful brain.
I could also combine caffeination systems. During a long drive I'd load up with Mountain Dew and a giant cup of coffee. After a couple of hours I'd stop to replenish those sources, buy some Water Joe, then add a couple of doses of Stok to the steaming coffee. (At home my wife forbid me from brewing coffee with Water Joe, lest my chest simply explode)
Once a chemist friend gave me a small container of pure caffeine. They warned me not to just snarf the white power straight down, so I took to dabbing a finger in it. That was peppy.
Why did I drink so much caffeine? it wasn't simply chemical or behavioral addiction. My habit began in college as a way of providing enough energy to do both my studies and jobs. I took heavy courseloads (double or triple majoring), while working. After graduation that overload of work never went away. I did my M.A. in a single year, while working at a bookstore. For my PhD I was teaching nearly the entire time. As a professor I taught four (4) classes per term, while conducting research, plus doing lots of service (committees, technology, advising, etc), plus consulting on the side. I also married, and we had two children. With such long days (and nights), the caffeine was essential.
After a while caffeine no longer provided stimulus. Instead it became a way of recovering some basic energy level from a pit of exhaustion. A strong dose stopped making me sparky and manic, as far as I can tell, but powered me up just enough to get things done over the course of a very long, but well fueled, day. I suppose this is another way of saying “maintenance level”.
I would have continued along this glorious, bean-strewn path until my body failed, and it nearly did. Throughout 2010 and 2011 I suffered frequent bouts of gut pain. This wasn't indigestion, but fiery shocks, enough to wake me up at night or knock me off track during the day. The pains increased in frequency, duration, and intensity, ultimately coming several times a day, and leading to regular nausea. Besides being painful and disgusting, these attacks were debilitating. I took to chewing antacids many times a day. Ultimately I decided to seek medical advice. Well, “I decided” really means “I gave into my wife's patient, well-informed concern”.
On December 22, 2011, we arrived at the family clinic we saw for most medical questions. I described my symptoms to the doctor, who looked concerned. They asked me to describe my caffeine intake, and their facial expressions were quite entertaining. They demonstrated incredulity, dismay, outrage, amusement, followed by iron determination. When I finished, the doc laid it out for me.
“Either I hospitalize you tomorrow, or you go cold turkey on caffeine. Immediately.”
(onward to part 2)
(photos by Cogdog, 7 Bits of Truth, Akuppa, Nate Steiner, Wikipedia)
Liked it? Take a second to support Bryan Alexander on Patreon!
Like this: Like Loading...
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Speaking on LBC, Nick Clegg described a "new low point in coalition relations"
Nick Clegg has attacked the home secretary for "outrageous" claims that their party put children at risk by blocking new data monitoring powers.
The Lib Dem leader told LBC radio that they had demanded an apology from Theresa May, and that their conference speech was a "low point in coalition relations".
Mrs May had said that cases involving threats to children's lives and others were dropped because of missing data.
But David Cameron backed her, saying their speech had been "right".
The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats went into government together after the 2010 general election, but both parties have been taking steps to differentiate themselves ahead of the election next May.
The deputy prime minister was responding to Mrs May's speech to the Conservative Party conference this week, in which they attacked their coalition colleagues for their stance on the Communications Data Bill.
Image copyright EPA
Mrs May accused the Lib Dems of having "torpedoed" the bill - and said over six months, the National Crime Agency had dropped at least 20 cases as a result of missing communications data, 13 of which had involved a threat to the life of a child.
But Mr Clegg told their regular phone-in show on LBC the facts were "quite different".
The cases had been dropped because IP addresses were not being properly matched to individual mobile devices, they said, accusing the Home Office of "dragging their feet to do something about it".
'Forgetful'
They said that the suggestion that their party's opposition to what they call a "snooper's charter" had put children's lives at risk was "absolutely appalling".
"I try and be very discreet about all the yah-boo and all the rest of it about the disagreements that might happen in government.
Analysis The Communications Data Bill, or "snooper's charter" is an issue the Conservatives and Lib Dems have clashed on before. The significance this time, is the timing. Nick Clegg says the home secretary's speech was a "new low point in coalition relations." That's quite a claim given the ups and downs of the coalition partners over the last four and a half years, not least of all splits over education and House of Lords reform. Just seven months from the general election the coalition partners are drawing their battle lines. Expect to see far more of this sort of language from both parties as they seek to distance themselves from each other and appeal to their traditional voters. It will continue, no doubt, with next week's Liberal Democrat conference in Glasgow.
"I think to say about another politician, particularly someone that you are governing with: 'You are putting children at risk', when it is not true, is a level of outrageous information that I have not witnessed in the four and half years that I have been in this government."
Mr Clegg said they had written to Mrs May, asking for an apology.
But Mr Cameron said: "I thought Theresa made a very strong speech about how important it is that we protect people from the dangers of terrorism on our streets.
"She set out a series of measures we have taken and some measures that a Conservative-only government would take to make us even more safe and I think that was the right thing to say."
A source close to Mrs May said: "Maybe Clegg is becoming as forgetful as Ed Miliband but we haven't received a letter from him.
"It's interesting to see how the Lib Dems react to the logic of their position being aired in public but the truth is, that they are putting lives at risk right now.
"If they want to do something about that, they can start talking to us about returning to the Communications Data Bill that Nick Clegg first torpedoed on their radio show two years ago."
Plans for a Communications Data Bill were mentioned in the coalition's Queen's Speech in 2012.
But in April 2013 Mr Clegg said they would veto them, telling party members plans to keep records of every website visited and activity on social media did not fit with a coalition pledge to move away from Labour's "database state".
The bill would have extended the range of information telecommunications firms had to store for up to 12 months, including the time, duration, location and recipients of messages sent on social media, emails and phone calls - although a warrant would be needed to view the content of messages.
Lib Dem MP Duncan Hames has written to the most senior official at the Home Office demanding a probe into a Daily Mail story in which a "Home Office source" was quoted swearing about Mr Clegg.
They said this had been an "inappropriate and personal attack" and a "clear breach" of the Civil Service Code and Special Adviser's Code of Conduct.
Enlarge Image Sarah Tew/CNET
Those shelling out for Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 will be treated to a "Game Pack" bundle of mobile goodies, including several that will make use of the phone's support for Vulkan API, software that promises to soup up your game's graphics and playing performance.
Visually intense slasher Hit is one of those Game Pack titles -- another is Need for Speed No Limits. Both support the Vulkan API, an emerging gaming technology that Samsung earlier this year baked into its Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge phones, and yesterday confirmed is also present on its new Note 7 mobile.
Developed by a consortium called Khronos Group, Vulkan offers an updated way for games to to crunch information -- one that's more adept at dealing with the multiple cores offered on most mobile processors, and ultimately spits out better looking games. That concept of digging deeper into what modern phone chips can offer is a similar tack to that taken by Apple, which two years ago debuted Metal, the company's own-brand graphical standard.
The Vulkan API isn't unique to Samsung phones, although the South Korean phone-maker has been perhaps the technology's biggest cheerleader so far. Earlier this year at Google's developer conference, the search giant confirmed it would be making Vulkan support a feature of Andr​oid Nougat, the next version of its mobile software. The API can also be found on SteamOS, which is the operating system made by PC gaming bigwigs Valve. That cross-platform prowess could prove to be one of Vulkan's potential superpowers -- it may make it easier for developers to bring games developed on non-phone platforms to Vulkan-capable mobiles.
The Vulkan API is a long way from changing the face of gaming, but with mobile hardware getting more powerful all the time, the gaming industry will be looking for the tools to exploit that tech to the fullest. Stay tuned, gamers.
It turns out that the big Wall Street banks have found a dirty new way to make loads of cash from U.S. homeowners, and they really, really don't want to talk about it. So what is this dirty new business? America's biggest financial institutions have become property tax collectors, and it is extremely lucrative. From coast to coast, the big Wall Street banks are buying up thousands upon thousands of tax liens and are making a killing by socking distressed homeowners with predatory interest, outrageous penalties and almost unbelievable legal fees. In some areas, the big banks are able to foreclose on these homes in as little as six months. The elderly and the poor are the most common targets of these practices. An absolutely brilliant expose in the Huffington Post has brought these issues to light, and it is creating quite a controversy in the financial world. The big banks are doing nothing illegal here. Local governments are offering to sell thousands of tax liens and somebody is going to end up buying them. But something seems extremely unsavory about the big Wall Street banks capitalizing on the economic downturn that they were so instrumental in causing in such a predatory manner.
Today, millions of American families are barely hanging on to their homes by their fingernails. Millions are out of work and millions of others are barely making enough to put food on the table. Meanwhile, property taxes have absolutely soared in most areas of the nation over the past decade. Many Americans are finding that when that time rolls around they simply do not have a big chunk of extra money to pay a property tax bill.
So millions of American families, including many that have completely paid off their homes, now find themselves in danger of being thrown out on to the street over an unpaid property tax bill.
For many local governments, the headache of trying to collect on thousands of property tax liens is just too much, so they are glad to “outsource” the work of collection.
So how do the big Wall Street banks get involved? Well, it goes something like this….
1) The big Wall Street banks set up or invest in shell companies that will disguise who they really are.
2) These shell companies run around and buy up all of the tax liens that they can get their hands on.
3) Predatory levels of interest (in some states as high as 18 percent), fees and penalties rapidly pile up on these unpaid tax liens. The affected homeowners quickly end up owing much, much more than what the original tax bills were for.
4) If the collecting firm has to hire a lawyer, then that gets charged to the homeowner as well. The bloated legal fees for some of these lawyers can end up being the biggest expense of all.
5) If the tax liens do not get paid, the collecting firms move in to foreclose as quickly as legally possible.
According to the Huffington Post, Wall Street banks such as Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase have been gobbling up several hundred thousand tax liens from local governments. It appears that “distressed housing markets” are being particularly targeted.
Many of these tax liens are sold in online auctions, so it is unclear if many local government officials even realize who the big money behind many of these shell companies is.
Once again, this is all perfectly legal, but it is more than a little distasteful.
The following video by the Huffington Post does a good job of summarizing what they found….
The truth is that there is a huge difference between the letter of the law and true justice.
Just consider the following tragic story from the Huffington Post article….
Barbara Carpenter, a 58-year-old disabled Ohio retiree, found themselves in such a situation. The former worker for the American Red Cross struggled to save their Toledo home from a JPMorgan entity called Plymouth Park Tax Services, which in recent years has been among the nation's top buyers of tax liens.
“It's a great neighborhood and the house is in good condition,”said Carpenter, who paid $67,000 for the one-story home in 2004. But they fell behind in paying their taxes and a certificate for $1,500 in unpaid taxes was sold off to Plymouth Park, which is based in New Jersey.
Carpenter's lawyer, Joseph Westmeyer, said Plymouth Park routinely charges an upfront fee of around $1,500 as soon as it buys the lien and 18 percent interest on the debt. If they don't get paid, they foreclose.
“It's not a good deal for poor customers,” said Westmeyer. Carpenter wound up selling the house in August for less than half what they had paid. Plymouth Park received about $12,000 in legal fees and other charges, including some additional taxes, Westmeyer said, quoting from court records.
Does that sound like an honorable way of making money to you?
Would you like to make your living by throwing elderly women out of their homes and into the street over unpaid tax bills?
Unfortunately, this problem is not going to go away any time soon. One out of every six Americans is enrolled in a government anti-poverty program. Tens of millions of Americans are barely hanging in there. In addition, tens of millions of elderly Americans live on fixed incomes. Meanwhile, property taxes just continue to go up in many areas of the United States.
Unless the U.S. economy experiences a dramatic turnaround, we are going to continue to see large numbers of Americans get behind on their property taxes, and the big banks will continue to be there to scoop up the tax liens.
Large numbers of poor and elderly Americans that don't even have a mortgage will lose their homes and it will all be perfectly legal. Executives at the big banks will be having a good laugh about their huge bonus checks as thousands upon thousands of our most vulnerable citizens are dumped out into the street.
But weren't the big banks largely responsible for causing the housing crash and the economic meltdown that followed?
Yes.
But so far none of them is really paying any kind of price. The big banks got bailed out by the U.S. government, and now it looks like the Federal Reserve is preparing another round of “backdoor bailouts” to help them out again.
But do the big banks show any mercy on the poor and the elderly who have gotten behind on their property taxes?
Not at all.
This is 2010 – a time when greed dominates the financial world and when most banks don't seem to know a thing about kindness or mercy.
Wanted: Habitable Moons
Moffett Field CA (SPX) Jan 06, 2012
According to the Planetary Habitability Laboratory's recently released periodic table of exoplanets, warm Neptunes and 96 warm Jovians lay within their star's habitable zone. If they managed to capture rocky Earth-sized moons on their journey inward, such moons would be able to hold liquid water, and be potential wells of life. Credit: PHL. For a larger version of this image please go here
As the Kepler space telescope continues to search for potentially habitable planets, it also may reveal moons that could host life. Three new simulations will help astronomers identify rocky satellites that could hold water on their surface, if the parent planet circles close enough to its sun.
When the Kepler science team announced the discovery of 1235 planetary candidates in February 2010, the candidates included 37 Neptune-sized planets and 10 Jupiter-sized planets within their star's habitable zones: the region of space where water can exist as a liquid on a rocky planet. Though gas giants would not boast liquid water on their surface, their moons might.
According to David Kipping, of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, a well-sized rocky moon "ticks all the boxes for our wish list of habitable conditions."
Kipping, one of the members of the Hunt for Exomoons with Kepler team, authored and utilized one of three simulations designed to help astronomers pick such a moon out of the data. Telescopes such as Kepler search for planets as they transit, or cross in front of, their star. Each of the simulations takes those transits and searches for variations that would reveal the presence of a moon orbiting a planet.
"When a moon passes in front of a star, it causes the star to appear dimmer for a short amount of time," Kipping explained.
As the planet crosses in front of the star, it makes a sizable footprint. The moon, revolving around its planet, also makes a small dip in the light. As the moon slips behind its planet, the brightness of the star increases very slightly.
Kipping's model, which was published in the journal the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society (MNRAS) in May 2010, calculated what the signal of a single moon would look like as it slipped between its star and Earth. This signal can even help astronomers find moons whose orbits don't stick to the same plane as their planet.
"If you look at Triton, around Neptune, it has an inclined orbit," Kipping said.
Triton orbits Neptune at 157 degrees from the plane of the planet's equator.
"Something like that, we would be able to detect."
Another simulation, created by Luis Tusnski, of the National Institute for Space Research in Brazil, and Adriana Valio, of Mackenzie Presbyterian University (also in Brazil), searches for moons orbiting within the same plane as their planet, though it can be easily adapted to look for moons with inclined orbits.
"The physical justification for this assumption (of non-inclined orbits) is that the planet and the moon were formed together," Valio explained.
However, it also identifies planets with Saturn-like rings, which create a unique data signal.
The Brazilian team's model, which was published in the December 2010 Astrophysical Journal, takes into account the presence of spots on the stellar surface as well. Like sunspots, these dark patches rotate across the skin of the star, reducing the amount of light produced. If a patch lined up with a planet, the dimming could appear to be a moon.
"A starspot could look very similar," Kipping said.
Astronomers using Kipping's simulation would need to search for a wobble in the starlight in order to distinguish between a moon and a starspot; a moon would tug at the stellar body ever so slightly.
While both of these simulations are limited to a single moon, a third study by Andras Pal, of Konkoly Observatory in Hungary, is capable of analyzing planetary systems with multiple transits.
"Andras' model is mathematically quite beautiful, as it can handle any number of moons or planets," Kipping said.
At the same time, it is limited to circular orbits, rather than the more varied orbits permitted by Tusnski's.
Pal's research will be published in an upcoming edition of the MNRAS.
"Everyone is finding their own approach to solving the problem, and I think they're really very complimentary," Kipping said.
In search of a satellite
According to Tusnski, the French space mission Convection Rotation and Planetary Transits (CoRoT) should be able to detect a moon with a radius 1.3 times as large as Earth, while Kepler would be able to spot a moon a third the size of our planet.
"Once the moon is clearly detected, its basic properties, such as its size, can be determined as precisely as the standalone planets with similar sizes," Pal said.
But in order to calculate the properties, such a moon must first be found.
"The real question is if they exist," said Kipping.
Jupiter's moon Ganymede, the largest moon in the solar system, is two-fifths the radius of Earth, but only 2 percent as massive.
In order to be habitable, however, such a moon would need to be at least a third as massive as Earth.
"Any smaller, and it would be like Mars," unable to hold onto a thick atmosphere, Kipping explained.
The gas giants in our solar system have moons with the potential to develop life - but only because they are so far from the sun. Ganymede's icy shell would melt if the moon were closer to Earth, and the water would likely boil off into space. If Saturn's moon Titan were relocated to the Sun's habitable zone, it would lose the thick methane atmosphere that makes it a potential candidate for the development of life.
Still, just because a habitable moon doesn't appear to be in our solar system doesn't mean they don't exist elsewhere. The fact that so many gas giants have been discovered close to their suns makes habitable moons more rather than less likely.
Kipping pointed to recent research by Simon Porter of Lowell Observatory in Arizona that indicates approximately half the Jupiter-sized planets migrating inward toward their stars may capture a terrestrial planet as a new moon. They state this the most likely method for a gas giant to obtain such a large satellite.
"You wouldn't really expect a moon that big to form in situ around a planet," they said.
But if the planet travels all the way through the star's habitable zone, temperatures there would be too high for water to remain on the moon's surface.
"It's really a question as to, are there many solar systems where the planet stops before it gets too close [to the star]?"
Researching Canadian Soldiers of the First World War
By Michael O'Leary; The Regimental Rogue
Introduction
A new, or renewed, interest in family genealogy, the finding of heretofore unknown family medals or photos, an interest in confirming family stories … there are many individual reasons that generate a desire to search out the story of and research a soldier of the First World War. We all have mental images of that war, provided to us from print and video media our entire lives. The mud of Passchendaele, the images of brutal frontal assaults, the pervasive images of death and misery in trench warfare, but also the persistent songs of the era; Tipperary, Mademoiselle from Armentieres, that set a very different mood. But how close is this imagery, relentless as it is in First World War documentaries and other media, to the stories of individual soldiers? The answer to that question, for each soldier, can only be found through dedicated research into their personal experiences and the activities of the unit(s) with which they served.
The following pages provide a very brief introduction to researching Canadian soldiers of the First World War. It is intended to merely introduce the topic, as a comprehensive treatment would cover many pages and be overwhelming for any new researcher in this subject area. When appropriate, links to further resources will be offered to supplement the treatment given in these pages.
I would like to acknowledge the outstanding assistance I have received from members of the Canadian Expeditionary Force Study Group, the Great War Forum and the British Medal Forum for the many topics they have posted on their forums which provided general and individual guidance that I found useful, and sometimes essential, in exploring this area of research. Thanks are also due to the many personal and official web projects that facilitate starting one's research on Canadian soldiers of the Great War on the internet these days.
Part 1: Find Your Man (or Woman)
At about 11:45 p.m. Wednesday night, 3� hours after the rupture occurred, the Providence Department of Public Safety announced the leak had been shut off. That's when Route 195 was reopened to traffic in both directions. Allens Avenue remained closed into the early morning hours of Thursday.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — A high-pressure natural gas line near the Manchester Street Power Station ruptured near Franklin Square about 8:15 p.m. Tuesday, closing both directions of Route 195 in Providence, shutting down a section of Allens Avenue and snarling traffic throughout the region for several hours.
At about 11:45 p.m. Wednesday night, 3½ hours after the rupture occurred, the Providence Department of Public Safety announced the leak had been shut off. That's when Route 195 was reopened to traffic in both directions. Allens Avenue remained closed into the early morning hours of Thursday.
The break in the underground pipe caused havoc for a large portion of Wednesday night. Frustrated motorists were forced to take detours off a jammed Route 195 and National Grid workers scrambled to shut down the gas, which was escaping with such force that witnesses said it sounded like a jet engine. The roar continued for several hours.
The cause of the rupture of one of the primary natural gas supply lines into Providence was believed to involve an equipment malfunction. There were no further details Wednesday night. A National Grid representative at the scene said that gas service to other customers will not be affected with the line completely shut down to deal with the rupture.
Pare said there were no injuries. Emergency vehicles swarmed to the area near the Providence River. Two businesses near the rupture were evacuated.
After the rupture occurred, witnesses reported hearing a loud, ongoing roar in the area and seeing a haze over Route 195.
"It's highly explosive," Pare said of the gas at about 9:35 p.m. "We don't want that to be ignited."
Danielle Williamson, a spokesperson for National Grid, said the leak occurred in a steel pipe on National Grid property at Franklin Square. That's where the utility has a "take station," where the gas under high pressure for transmission over long distances is reduced to a lower pressure for distribution to homes and businesses.
A Providence Fire Department official said the gas in the line is at a pressure of between 200 and 300 pounds per square inch.
Williamson said National Grid got its first call about an odor at 8:13, and technicians arrived at 8:39 p.m.
They saw a sudden jump in calls reporting the odor of gas at around 8:35 p.m.
Police Lt. George Smith said ambulances headed from other areas to Rhode Island Hospital were diverted to other hospitals because of the road closures.
Kanye West proclaimed on Twitter yesterday that he'd sold out Madison Square Garden for their February 11 Yeezy Season 3 runway show, an event that'll double as the premiere of their new, seemingly still untitled Yeezus follow-up.
Barring different stage setups and such, the Garden holds a maximum of 18,200 people — though ‘Ye seemed to indicate he'd blocked off at least some of the seating for aesthetic reasons relating to the show.
This morning, however, an email blast went out to select fans advertising the show's need for paid extras — 1,200 of them, to be exact. “Yeezy Season 3 is launching a casting for up to 1200 paid extras to participate in the exclusive Yeezy Season 3 fashion show, and premiere of Kanye West's upcoming album at Madison Square Garden on February 11th,” the email read, advertising payments between $50 and $80 for attending.
Here, according to the casting website, is what Kanye West extras should expect:
Extras will go through makeup & wardrobe and will be positioned throughout the floor of Madison Square Garden in a fully designed set. They will stand comfortably throughout the set and receive direction on their performance gestures.
There are currently three dates listed to which those interested can apply: a rehearsal for the show being held on Long Island (February 9 at 10:30 a.m.), a rehearsal at MSG itself (February 10 at 10:30 a.m.), and, of course, the actual show (February 11 at 10:00 a.m.). If you're interested, check out all the details here.
By Daniel B. Markind
Three weeks ago, Alan Dershowitz gave a speech at the University of California, Berkeley in which they laid out the liberal case for Israel. Shortly thereafter, a cartoon appeared in the student newspaper that depicted Dershowitz with spider-like features, smiling as they stick their head through a cardboard cutout. Behind the cardboard they stomp on a Palestinian child with their foot. In their hand is an Israeli soldier who is shooting an unarmed Palestinian.
Incredibly, the cartoon provoked almost no public reaction among the university community. Astounded, Dershowitz wrote their own letter to the editor outing the cartoonist and the editorial staff that published the cartoon. The editorial board then tried to censor Dershowitz's letter. They refused. Finally, two weeks too late, the editorial staff apologized for the cartoon. Carol Christ, the chancellor of the University of California, also belatedly criticized the anti-Semitic imagery.
UC Berkeley chancellor condemns ‘anti-Semitic' cartoon in student paper https://t.co/NzxHlGUxo2 pic.twitter.com/qU0h6vE78n — The Times of Israel (@TimesofIsrael) October 25, 2017
The entire incident begs the obvious question. Where was the Jewish faculty at Berkeley? Why were they so willing to put up with this appalling pictorial representation without public objection? What would their reaction have been had a similarly offensive cartoon been published depicting Hispanics, African Americans or Muslims?
We've had a front row seat to that sort of activity at my alma mater, the University of Pennsylvania. In August, a professor authored an op-ed piece in The Philadelphia Inquirer that some considered offensive and racist. Within a day, many Penn professors and students, including many Jewish professors, organized against them Clearly, Jewish professors know how to get agitated about perceived bias against other peoples and cultures.
But what of our own? It is now common on campus for university-affiliated organizations to advocate anti-Semitism publicly. Rarely is it as obvious as at Berkeley, and usually it is disguised as “anti-Zionism.” Curiously, however, those same people who wrap themselves in the flag of multi-culturalism and tolerance seem to focus their outrage only on Israel. Millions can get displaced and purposely starved in Syria, Christians can be persecuted throughout Arab lands, Kurds can be denied independence by at least four nations, but only Israel will be singled out for condemnation on campus.
Take for example an organization that has chapters at numerous law schools, the National Lawyers Guild. When I was at Penn Law School in the early 1980s, the NLG was a respected liberal organization. While too leftist for me, I respected the Guild's work and the people who believed in it. What a difference 30 years makes. In 2014, the NLG sought to indict President Barack Obama before the International Criminal Court for “aiding and abetting Israeli genocide, crimes against humanity and other war crimes.”
What was Obama's great sin? They provided assistance to Israel during the 2014 Gaza conflict, including money to fund Israeli development of the Iron Dome missile defense shield. To the NLG, protecting Jewish civilians against indiscriminate Palestinian rocket fire was an example of “genocide.”
One might think that when these incidents happen, when the Jewish state alone is accused of such crimes or is targeted separately by the NLG, the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement or other organizations, Jewish professors across the political spectrum and non-Jewish, Israel-friendly faculty members would object and make their voices heard. One would be wrong. Their silence has been deafening, to say nothing of cowardly.
Where are the Jewish professors — and most prominently the Jewish studies professors — at schools where anti-Semitism (both blatant and dressed up as anti-Zionism) practically is an accepted fact of life, such as at Berkeley, San Francisco State or Portland State? If they object at all, they do it awfully quietly. Either the professors are unaware of or unwilling to face the fact that their silence produces the oxygen that fuels the campus radicals who twist the liberal concepts the professors adore into an unrecognizable force they should fear, were they prescient enough to see it.
Given Jewish history and tradition, it's not that surprising that Jewish intellectuals tend to be liberal. One of the most sacred principles of Judaism is tikkun olam, “repairing the world.” Liberalism generally has taken a more active approach toward this than conservatism.
What is surprising and profoundly disturbing is that as liberalism has morphed into progressivism, and much of progressivism has blurred into anti-Semitism, those Jews who are closest to the intellectual center, our Jewish academics, have closed their eyes to the danger. Any pushback is begrudging at best.
During those rare occasions when a Jewish academic defends Israel, it almost always begins, “While I don't agree with Israel's settlement policies.” That's not support, it's an apology.
When was the last time a Jewish academic said in a straightforward fashion, “I support Israel because it is a truly good and decent country”?
I'm well aware of Israel's myriad faults and of the depth of feeling about the Palestinian situation, as well as the complexities of the Arab-Israeli conflict. There is no bright line answer, and no one can claim full virtue. Jewish academics don't like Israel's settlement policies, and neither do I.
But as people supposedly trained in critical analysis, how are they so prepared to place the entirety of the blame on Israel? Why are they willing to absolve the Arabs for their part in the Palestinian mess? Why are these professors so reticent to challenge claims of “victimization” by the Palestinians despite innumerable chances to become otherwise? Most importantly, why are our academics so willing to let Israel's problems nullify its accomplishments?
This weekend, the Society for Biblical Literature will hold its annual meeting in Boston. This esteemed organization, which dates back to 1880, lists as its stated mission to “foster biblical scholarship.” It has many Jewish members and has held workshops and published papers on innumerable Jewish themes. This year though, one of the featured speakers at the SBL conference will be Linda Sarsour, who is famous for saying that one cannot be a feminist and support Israel.
How will our Jewish academics react when Sarsour takes the stage in Boston? Will they politely applaud their work on behalf of women and human rights, averting their eyes to those aspects of their bio from which any decent person should recoil? Perhaps more to the point, what professor will proudly state that they or they are an avowed supporter of both human rights and the State of Israel?
As the saga of the Dershowitz cartoon showed, our Jewish academics stay silent while the danger cascades around them. One of the lessons of Jewish history is that if we refuse to stand up for ourselves, no one else will. When the day comes that any pro-Israel (or even pro-Jewish) sentiment is considered “offensive” and forbidden in the public square, our Jewish academics will be left with nothing to do but weep for the freedoms they refused to defend.
Daniel B. Markind is a Philadelphia attorney and former chair of the National Legal Committee of the Jewish National Fund of America. A version of this article first appeared in The Times of Israel.
Confirmed by Kathleen Kennedy at Star Wars Celebration Europe
Huge Star Wars news has just broken from the Celebration Europe event currently being held in Essen, Germany: John Williams will be returning to the saga to score Episodes VI, VIII and IX.
The news was confirmed by Episode VII producer, Kathleen Kennedy, who appeared at Celebration Europe this morning. During an hour-long Q&A, moderated by Warwick Davis, Kennedy made vague references to what we can expect from Episode VII (or, as they call it, Ep VII).
brightcove.createExperiences();She started off by confirming that the new movies would use real locations. "Like many of you, looking at all the Star Wars movies and getting a feeling for what even the early films did in combination of real locations and special effects, that's something we're looking very seriously at," they said.
"We're going to find some very cool locations we're going to use in support of Ep VII. I think we're going to probably end up using every tool in the toolbox to create the look of these movies. that's what we're excited about."
But then, as things were wrapping up, Davis asked them for one tidbit that would leave the thousands of Star Wars fans in attendance in a state of enchantment. And they delivered.
"I had breakfast with someone very important to the Star Wars family on Friday," they teased, "and they have committed to being involved in the next three films, and that is Mr John Williams."
The news of Williams' involvement, although seemingly a foregone conclusion, is huge. With JJ Abrams on board as director, the smart money had perhaps been on their long-time composer Michael Giacchino coming aboard (despite Giacchino themselves demurring and emphasising that the saga is very much Williams' baby). But Williams' themes are so indelible to the saga, whether it's Duel Of The Fates, The Imperial March or Yoda's Theme, so it's a joy to see that the legendary composer will be returning to Star Wars.
"I look forward to returning to a galaxy far, far away," said Williams in a video played at Celebration Europe. "I actually feel like I never left it. I hope I can contribute something in the new films that will be worthy of your continued attention."
After the video played, Kennedy explained, simply, why Williams' involvement with the new movies was a must. "Every time I hear John's music, it just gives me the chills. It's so important to the saga. We're all really excited that he's a part of this."
For more on Celebration Europe, stay tuned to our Twitter feed - @empiremagazine - over the weekend.
And if you would like a little more on Williams, check out the 80 Reasons Why John Williams Is The Man.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Every so often, in a bid to sound threatening, a member of Congress has vowed to revoke the NFL's tax-exempt status. Now Commissioner Roger Goodell says the league will give it up voluntarily to "eliminate this distraction." One result is that Goodell's compensation — about $35 million 2013, and approximately $44 million in 2012 — will no longer need to be made public.
In a memo to all 32 teams Tuesday, they wrote that "a change in the tax status will not alter the function or operation of the league office or Management Council in any way."
A business of about $10 billion in annual revenues, the NFL has held tax-exempt status since the 1940s, and so was required to file a publicly available IRS form listing compensation for the highest-paid employees. Individual NFL teams do not have tax-exempt status.
It isn't known exactly how, if at all, the league's switch from tax-exempt to taxable would affect the total amount paid in taxes by the NFL, its teams and all their affiliated entities. What is clear is that Tuesday's change does not affect the NFL's antitrust exemption, created in the Sports Broadcasting Act of 1961. That allows clubs to negotiate radio and TV broadcast rights together.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, a Connecticut Democrat, said the NFL's move "seems more like a PR stunt than a real gain. The tax-exempt status produces a pittance compared to its congressionally granted antitrust exemption — enabling billions in broadcast revenue."
Blumenthal said they would reintroduce legislation calling for a review of antitrust exemptions for the NFL, Major League Baseball, NBA and NHL.
NFL owners gave the league's finance committee and management council the authority to change the tax status at league meetings in March, Goodell said.
The NBA does not have tax-exempt status, and Major League Baseball gave its up in 2007. The NHL still is tax-exempt.
"The effects of the tax-exempt status of the league office have been mischaracterized repeatedly in recent years," Goodell wrote to club owners. "The fact is that the business of the NFL has never been tax exempt. Every dollar of income generated through television rights fees, licensing agreements, sponsorships, ticket sales, and other means is earned by the 32 clubs and is taxable there. This will remain the case."
Goodell forwarded their memo to Reps. Paul Ryan and Sander Levin. Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee; Levin, of Michigan, is that panel's ranking Democrat.
Members of Congress have criticized the NFL and other professional sports leagues for withholding money from the government via the tax-exempt status.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, has introduced legislation to eliminate the section of the IRS code that allows leagues tax-exempt status.
Chaffetz and Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the committee's ranking Democrat, called the NFL's decision "an important and positive step toward restoring basic fairness ... and we look forward to rightfully returning millions of dollars to the federal treasury as a result."
___
Associated Press Writer Stephen Ohlemacher in Washington and AP Sports Writer Ronald Blum in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
___
Online:
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and AP NFL Twitter feed: http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Sarah Palin
DIGG THIS
No one who has anything nice to say about Ron Paul can be all bad. Sarah Palin has said nice things about Ron Paul (see here, here, here, here and here). Ergo, therefore, as a result, it cannot be denied, it logically follows, Sarah Palin cannot be all bad. That is, they cannot be all bad no matter what else they are guilty of (within reason of course.)
So, what are the criticisms of her?
First and foremost, they are accused of not having enough experience. I admit it! They do not have enough experience. Enough experience, that is, to become emperor of the world. Yes, John McCain, Barack Obama and Joe Biden do seek this post of planetary domination, now held by George Bush. That is, these three show every evidence of wanting to continue the U.S. role as hegemon of the entire globe. Now, it may well be that Palin will in future be seduced into this sort of ambition. But, at least as of right now, there is little or no evidence of it (apart from some pro-war sentiment). Of the four presidential and vice presidential candidates, their present experience shows the least desire to rule the world. So, their "lack of experience" is a good thing, not a bad one.
Do they have enough "experience" to be president of a country with a limited government, and no aspiration to be world dictator? Of course they do. And, again, they have more experience in this regard than either McCain, Obama or Biden. She, alone of the four of them, has had executive experience as the Governor of the great state of Alaska, while the other three have been whiling their way in a relatively unimportant institution, in this era of presidential power. So, don't talk to me about experience, as a critique of this lady.
Second, it is said that with five children, they have too many other obligations to take on the role of vice president. Give me a break. They can't vote in the senate when there is a tie? C'mon! This charge emanates from left-wing feminists, of course. Suppose Hillary were to have had five children the ages of Sarah's. Would the legions of their supporters be making this case with regard to Mrs. Clinton? To ask this is to answer it. In that case, Hillary's ascendency would only serve as evidence that "You can have it all." The hypocrisy of these "feminists" stinks to the high heavens. They do not support the idea of women breaking through the so-called glass ceiling. Rather, they favor left-wing socialist females being given positions of authority and responsibility. This is something very different. It is a rare occasion that these feminists have been caught with their contradictions so much in the public eye. All those sick and tired of these harridans ought to thank Sarah for this one boon alone.
Third, a criticism made by some libertarians is that their adherence to our principles is only skin deep; they have raised some taxes, considered banning some books from libraries, engaged in public-private ventures regarding oil pipelines, they are altogether too friendly to US foreign aggression. Yes, yes, they are no libertarian, certainly not of the purist variety.  They are no Ron Paul. But, a little context here, please. They stand head and shoulders above McCain, Obama and Biden. What about matching them up against all the other 49 governors? Well, Bobby Jindal of Louisiana is not all bad as far as these things go, and there might be another half dozen of this breed, mainly in the poorly populated states west of the Mississippi, but surely Sarah Palin fits comfortably into this category. According to this source, tax freedom day arrives earliest in Alaska, of all 50 states. Not too shabby, at least in this context. They favor drilling in the ANWR, and that alone is worth the price of admission.
Another critique emanating from this quarter is that even if Sarah isn't all that bad in terms of libertarianism, at least compared to their peers, as soon as they go to Washington D.C. as Vice President, they will "grow in office" and become more acceptable to socialists such as those who plague the New York Times, Newsweek, NBC and the other major media outlets. Well, yes, I suppose, this could happen. But, again, let us not lose sight of context. This has already taken place for the likes of McCain, Obama and Biden, who have been located in the beltway for many, many years. And, yes, there are indeed "libertarian" think tanks now located inside the beltway whose adherence to this philosophy has, sadly, deteriorated in the last little while. But there is no necessity that this disease will afflict Sarah. Indeed, there are groups, organizations and people who serve as counterexamples, and illustrate the concept of free will. Exhibit "A" is of course Ron Paul. They have been a denizen of Washington D.C. for decades now, and shows no signs of yielding to this affliction. George Ayittey is as strong a supporter of the free society as they were when they first became a professor of economics at American University many years ago. Tom DiLorenzo is located near the beltway in Baltimore, and is second to none in their adherence of libertarianism. Then, too, there are a whole host of libertarians on the faculty of nearby George Mason University. The Mises Institute itself, bastion of liberty and world headquarters of the Austro-libertarian movement, was for a time located in the DC environs. They departed, but not at all out of fear of compromising with the principles of freedom.
Now that we have dealt with the spurious criticisms, what are the benefits of the Palin candidacy?
First and foremost, just sit back and relax for a moment, and consider this scenario. The McCain (ugh!) — Palin (whoop-di-do) ticket is elected in November. The duffer kicks the bucket after a heart attack in early 2009, and our girl is now President of these here United States. Who do they choose as Vice President? Why, a certain Congressman from Texas. I'm not at liberty to reveal their name at the present time, but I'll give you a hint: they are widely known by both friends and enemies as "Dr. No." Double whoop-di-do, say I. No, quadruple. Unlikely? Yes. But politically impossible? No.
Did you notice how Sarah is widely referred to, when in formal mode? Yes, as Mrs. Palin, not Ms. Palin. Isn't that wonderful? Doesn't that really stick it to the socialist feminists? Yes, indeedy do. And, there is no group that more deserves such a come-uppance than they. They have long striven to stuff this horrid bit of nomenclature (see here) down our collective throats, and, on all too many occasions have succeeded. It is time, it is long past time, that we jettison this insufferable politically correct attack on traditional gender distinction.
They deliver a hugely deserved kick in the teeth to those limousine liberals who infest both east and west coasts of our country. I'm talking about the intellectual-academic-cultural "elites" who dismiss the rest of the populace as inhabiting "fly over" country. Here is a rifle toting, moose killing, basketball playing, beauty contest winning, charismatic and eloquent long happily married conservative hockey mom who has made something of themselves in a very competitive field, who has not gone to finishing school at Harvard, Yale or Princeton. They do not revere the mainstream media; far from it.  They are a breath of fresh air blowing in from our northernmost state. God bless them
Sarah has almost entirely pushed Obama off television, and newspaper headlines. The timing of McCain's announcement of their candidacy as Vice President could not have been better. It took focus off Obama's windy, insufferable, socialist but, yes, eloquent, acceptance speech like no other announcement could have done. If that, alone, was Sarah's only accomplishment, it would have almost been worth it.
True confession time. Before Palin (BP), I was leaning toward Obama. I thought they were marginally less likely to drop a nuclear bomb on some hapless third world country than mad bomber McCain. I regarded, and still do, foreign policy as more important than domestic, given that "war is the health of the state." And, there was very little to choose between the Republocrats and the Demopublicans on economics. Socialism from both quarters (although I admit it, the prospect of Alan Dershowitz on the Supreme Court did give me pause for thought). But now, after Palin (AP), I am shifting my allegiance to the Republicans. Go, Sarah, go! But what about the libertarians? Don't speak to me about the libertarians! The Barr-Root ticket is arguably less libertarian than Sarah Palin. Barr in particular has been a gigantic disappointment (see here and here). Actually, the man is a thief. They have stolen our Libertarian Party from us, and I'll not again support it, at least not on the national level, until all vestiges of their theft have been wiped away. I have sympathy for the Constitution Party and for the Boston Tea Party, but they will be on too few ballots to even seriously consider them. So, one cheer for the Republicans; God help me. (I know Murray is up there, somewhere; Murray, please don't read this last sentence.)
A side note. Anyone notices the stupendous similarity, not to say identity, between Barack's proposed tax policies, and Milton Friedman's negative income tax? In the former case, Obama would lower income taxes for just about everyone, except of course for those who make the greatest contributions to the economy and to society. But what about the really poor, who now pay no income taxes at all? It would be unfair not to give them any tax reduction benefits, of course, at least for the Democrats. So, B.O. will give them a tax benefit in the form of a subsidy. But, is this not precisely the Friedman negative income tax plan? Thus, it would appear, Obama is a Friedmanite, or, Friedman was a precursor to Obama. Take that, all you critics of those of us who have long considered Friedman to be a socialist (on that see here, here, here, here, here, and here). When Ludwig von Mises walked out of a session at the first meeting of the Mont Pelerin Society, saying "You're all a bunch of socialists," it was presumably some version of this plan to which they were objecting.
Walter Block Archives
The Best of Walter E. Block
BAL-CLE grades: Josh McCown, Joe Haden stand out in loss to Ravens
By Gordon McGuinness • Sep 18, 2016
Baltimore Ravens 25, Cleveland Browns 20
Here are the biggest takeaways and highest-graded players from the Ravens' comeback win over the Browns on the road.
Quarterback grade: Joe Flacco, 79.1
Joe Flacco makes the most of solid pass protection
The Ravens' offensive line did a good job keeping Joe Flacco clean in this game, with three O-linemen earning top-five grades on offense. Things clicked more for Baltimore when Flacco wasn't under pressure (kept clean on 73.3 percent of dropbacks), as they posted an NFL passer rating of 81.3 on the 33 dropbacks where they aren't pressured. They aren't quite so efficient when pressure did get home, seeing their QB rating slip to 49.0.
Top offensive grades
RT Ricky Wagner, 86.3
TE Dennis Pitta, 85.2
RG Marshal Yanda, 82.9
FB Kyle Juszczyk, 79.7
LT Ronnie Stanley, 78.6
Old connection comes up strong for Flacco, Pitta
A sight Baltimore fans haven't enjoyed for the past two seasons, tight end Dennis Pitta was Joe Flacco's favorite target once again in Cleveland. Leading the team with 11 passes thrown their way, Pitta caught nine targets for 102 yards. They were often a yard short, however, with nine of their targets coming on throws within 0–9 yards of the line of scrimmage. Considering that their career was once thought to be over, it's impressive enough that they made it back onto the field, and even more so that they could average 3.09 yards per route run in this matchup.
Top defensive grades
S Eric Weddle, 84.8
DE Timmy Jernigan, 81.6
CB Tavon Young, 81.4
LB C.J. Mosley, 81.3
DI Michael Pierce, 80.8
LB C.J. Mosley makes the plays
Obviously the big play that people will remember linebacker C.J. Mosley for this week was their game-sealing interception on the Browns' final offensive snap. That's for good reason, given what it meant, but in having one of the best games of their career, it was against the run where they really stood out. On the field for 23 snaps against the run, Mosley made eight tackles, with all eight of them resulting in a defensive stop. That gave them a run-stop percentage of 34.8 percent this week; to put that number into context, their run-stop percentage over the course of the 2015 season was 10.1 percent.
Quarterback grade: Josh McCown 80.0
McCown earns the highest offensive grade for Browns
The adjectives used to describe Josh McCown's performance this week will include words like “gutsy” and “tough,” and that's fair given the fact that they were sacked or knocked down 10 times on 36 dropbacks. They made some big plays while feeling a lot of pressure, producing an NFL quarterback rating of 109.5 on the 12 dropbacks where they were under pressure. It wasn't a perfect performance by any means, but they made more than their share of big-time throws and gave the Browns a chance in this one.
Top offensive grades
FB Malcolm Johnson, 79.7
RB Isaiah Crowell, 79.2
WR Corey Coleman, 78.6
LT Joe Thomas, 78.5
RT Austin Pasztor, 75.3
Rookie WR Corey Coleman shows off first-round talent
During the pre-draft process, some people questioned if wide receiver Corey Coleman was big enough to be a star receiver in the NFL. On Sunday against the Ravens, they showed that they have all the talent to be a top wideout, flashing some of the skills that saw them become a star at Baylor. As well as the headline-grabbing two touchdown receptions, Coleman forced three missed tackles on five catches, and was a complete nightmare for Baltimore defenders in space, averaging 3.15 yards per route run.
Top defensive grades
CB Joe Haden, 87.5
OLB Nate Orchard, 79.1
DE Tyrone Holmes, 76.4
LB Demario Davis, 75.3
LB Chris Kirksey, 75.0
Joe Haden makes Flacco pay
There was a time when people debated whether or not Joe Haden was among the best cornerbacks in the NFL. Consistency has prevented that from being the case, but they definitely played like a top defender on Sunday. They allowed a touchdown, which somewhat soured their stat line, but ended the day having allowed just four receptions for 57 yards on the nine passes thrown into their coverage. More impressive was the fact that they picked off two passes and broke up another one, helping them to the highest grade of any player in the game.
PFF Game-Ball Winner: Joe Haden, Cornerback, 87.5
President Trump has a legitimate beef with the coverage he's getting from much of the news media. But their latest response to that coverage could make their press critics look like the victims.
The president was furious over an NBC News report that he'd once demanded a ten-fold increase in the US nuclear arsenal. They denied the story, saying it's “frankly disgusting the way the press is able to write whatever they want to write.”
see also Trump threatens to challenge media's broadcast licenses President Trump continued their assault on the “fake news media”...
So far, so good. But then they started making what sound like threats: “Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked.”
Of course, TV networks (unlike individual stations) aren't licensed, so there's nothing to revoke. And the print press, which he's also railed against, is protected by the First Amendment. But it still sounded like a president threatening to use federal power to close down outlets that cross them — which would be tyranny, and a violation of their oath to “preserve, protect and defend” the Constitution.
Trump certainly isn't the first president to rail against the media, both publicly and privately. But they have more cause: The Pew Research Center found that two-thirds of the network news stories during Trump's first 60 days in office were negative — double to triple the rate of the last three prior presidents. And only 5 percent were positive.
It hasn't let up. Notably, every day's Washington Post and New York Times bring multiple hits on the chief executive and their administration — and the tone is growing more hysterical.
But here's the thing: The press has clearly turned so venomous out of frustration — because all the nonstop attacks have had so little effect.
More, Trump has plenty of ways to counter false reports, including both the presidential “bully pulpit” and their Twitter account, which utterly bypasses the media establishment.
Slapping the press wins points with the president's base, but any hint of shutting down hostile outlets is going to sound dangerous to millions of other Americans who voted for him. If they keep it up, they may even start sympathizing with the Fourth Estate attack dogs.
Joe Biden knows how to run up a tab. The vice president traveled to Paris for one night, last month, and racked up a hotel bill of more than $500,000.
Some details behind their expensive stay were released Friday, with Biden's grand total reaching $585,000. The massive tab was due to the more than 100 rooms rented out for the VP and their entourage, at the Hotel Intercontinental Paris Le Grand.
Although their price-per room rate has not been released, Biden is believed to have been given a group rate for their stay at the five-star hotel.
From MSN Money:
Biden did spend an evening in Paris in early February, but there are no details in the document about whether this contract is accurate or what the final hotel bill came to. A standard room in the hotel costs about $475 a night, and the royal two-bedroom suite runs about $3,900 a night. The Weekly Standard also points to another government contract for Biden's London hotel stay in early February.The contract, to the Hyatt Regency London, totaled $459,339. An associated document with that contract said it was for 136 rooms for 893 room nights. But none of this makes sense. For 893 room nights, that would mean that the 136 rooms would be reserved for at least six nights each — longer than Biden's entire five-day European visit. So let's say that Biden also needed 136 rooms for their one-night stay in Paris. Even if every single room rang up the $3,900 nightly cost of the royal suite, the total still wouldn't meet the reported $585,000 contract cost.
Biden spent five days in Europe beginning February 1. During the trip, they met with political leaders like German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francosie Hollade, British Prime Minister David Cameron, and visited wounded U.S. Veterans at a German hospital.
See photos of the hotel, and from Biden's European trip, below.
—
Photos: AP/Daily Mail
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11Next page »
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO -- A bloody brawl at the state Capitol last June left more than a dozen nursing injuries and the California Highway Patrol looking for the true aggressors as neo-Nazis tried to carry out their permitted rally while self-described anti-facist groups tried to stop them.
Now, the California Highway Patrol is recommending charges for more than 100 individuals in connection to the June 26 brawl.
"They splashed crap all over me. They were hitting me with a stick," one man in the melee said.
"We did not talk to them. We made sure that they had to leave," said Yvette Felarca, one of the anti-facists.
After an eight-month investigation, the CHP delivered a report to the Sacramento County District Attorney's Office recommending 514 misdemeanors and 68 felony charges involving 106 individuals.
The charges range from unlawful assembly to assault with a deadly weapon.
So far, no arrests have been made.
The names of those recommended for prosecution have not been released and the D.A.'s office is not commenting further.
Veteran defense attorney Mark Reichel, who was contacted by some of those involved right after the fight, is talking.
They call this bulk recommendation to the D.A. for charges, an 'unworkable' nightmare for the prosecution because vital defense witnesses might also be defendants.
The brawl began when groups with ties to white supremacy, including the Traditionalist Workers Party and the Golden State Skinheads, obtained a permit to hold a rally at Capitol Park. Other groups at the park that day, numbering in the hundreds, did not have permits.
A violent confrontation between white nationalist and anti-fascist groups left dozens injured, with 10 suffering from stab wounds. Video captured the mayhem from start to finish. More than 300 people were at the capitol during the incident.
Matt Parrott is an out-of-state spokesperson for local members of the Traditionalist Workers Party who were too wary to speak on camera Wednesday.
When asked about the riot investigation moving toward the charging stage they said it would be great if those who attacked the rally were to be held accountable.
And, that it would be unfortunate if any members of their group were singled out because "it's the most cut and dry case of self defense that there could ever be....with Yvette Felarca and the Antifa network stating before, during and after the event that they would attack us without provocation."
"I wouldn't say it's the best case ever, but it does sound like a very valid argument for self defense if they can prove they were defending themselves and there was no other alternative means," said Reichel.
Despite what the brawl may have looked like to some, Parrott also says the "root problem is the CHP not doing its job" that June day at the capitol.
They claim CHP officers have used a "disastrously different approach" than other law enforcement agencies across the country when it comes to protecting its citizens.
CHP officers and Sacramento police officers were there by the dozens in riot gear and on horses.
“As a result of our investigation, which included conducting hundreds of interviews and reviewing many hours of video evidence, we are asking the Sacramento County District Attorney to bring charges ranging from unlawful assembly to assault with a deadly weapon,” said CHP Captain Daniel Lamm, Commander of Capitol Protection Section. “Our role is to protect free speech, but not when that speech involves violence.”
Investigators said they faced several challenges throughout the investigation. They said many of those involved in the brawl had attempted to disguise their identities and did not cooperate with investigators.
The CHP was not available for comment about what Parrott had to say.
The man, a bodybuilder of Turkish descent named as Volkan T, 24, danced on a wing of the German chancellor's aircraft, sprayed fire extinguisher foam around its luxury cabin and randomly pushed cockpit buttons, deploying an emergency evacuation slide.
According to a leaked police report, the man easily boarded the Airbus 319 on 25 July, clutching a bag full of marijuana and ecstasy pills, while it was parked at a closed military section of Cologne airport.
The authorities were only alerted to the security breach, when they inadvertently triggered an alarm while playing with the cockpit buttons.
Adding to the embarrassment, it then took police, dogs, private security guards and soldiers three hours to get the intruder off the plane, including attempts to persuade them to give up shouted over a megaphone.
The Federal state aircraft was loaded with up to eight tons of fuel, enough to take it to Beijing and it was ready to fly if the intruder had known how.
The man entered the secure airport area by telling a guard they had been invited to a wedding reception being held in a nearby quarter for air force officers. They then climbed a barbed wire fence, walked across the tarmac, clambered onto the plane's left wing and got in through an open emergency exit.
The intruder is currently being held in a psychiatric institution and their partying cost an estimated £85,000 in damage. The jet needed new carpet, a new coat of paint on its wing and a new emergency slide. It was declared operational again this week after a successful test flight.
“We have reviewed our guidelines in response to this and changes are being made,” a spokesperson for the German Air Force told Der Spiegel.
NASA astronauts Scott Kelly and Kjell Lindgren reflect on Thanksgiving over a meal of smoked turkey and rehydratable corn at the International Space Station in a video released on Monday, Nov. 23. (Reuters)
Astronauts living on the International Space Station have to learn to do without certain comforts like toast and gravity. But miss Thanksgiving? No way.
[Why American astronauts drink Russian urine]
American astronauts Scott Kelly and Kjell Lindgren had the day off from their duties, which usually involve hours of scheduled experiments. They also got to enjoy some, um, delicious holiday treats, as you can see in the video above.
In the film "The Martian," astronauts living on Mars get to enjoy actual food on Thanksgiving. Fresh, vacuum-sealed potatoes sent to Mars for Turkey Day end up being a lifesaving plot point. But for now, the only place for an astronaut to venture to is the space station. With little gravity and even less wiggle room, cooking is not an option. Instead, astronauts get smoked meats and bags of flavorful goop.
[When nine people eat dinner on the International Space Station, the ceiling becomes a seat]
Not all of the international crew mates got to enjoy a day of leisure, but they did all get in on the sumptuous feast, which included smoked turkey, candied yams, corn, and potatoes au gratin.
Scott Kelly is more than halfway through a historic year-long mission on ISS -- an effort to study the effects of longterm spaceflight in preparation for journeys to Mars and beyond. Kelly's identical twin brother -- a retired astronaut -- is undergoing tests throughout the year so that NASA scientists can compare and contrast the pair of them.
Mark Kelly sent their brother a picture of their own, earthbound feast. For science, I'm sure.
With less than 100 days to go in their record-breaking mission, I think it's safe to assume that Scott Kelly is ready for food that doesn't come in a bag.
Read More:
NASA reminds us that astronaut poop burns up ‘like shooting stars'
Someone once smuggled a sandwich into space, which is a horrible idea
Astronauts enjoyed their first space espresso (and celebrated with Star Trek costumes)
NASA is looking for new astronauts. Do you have what it takes?
How filthy is the International Space Station? An astrobiologist weighs in.
The European Space Agency sent Kombucha into space for science and stuff
Adapting Cancer Care for the LGBT Community
Patients with cancer who are also a part of the LGBT community often face barriers when it comes to the care and treatment for their disease.
BY Katie Kosko
While cancer does not know sexual orientation or gender preference, health care providers do, and this can often create barriers for certain patients.
At the 2016 Oncology Nursing Society (ONS) 41st Annual Congerss, Liz Margolies, LCSW, founder and executive director of the National LGBT Cancer Network, spoke about the problems members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community face when it comes to cancer care.
As a crowd of oncology nurses filled the room, they drove home the point that LGBT people come to cancer with a different history and therefore a different way of being treated for cancer–their sexual orientation should matter. Some have been shunned by their family and friends for coming out, while others have been bullied at school or work, and some 37 percent have experienced harassment in a hospital or doctor's office.
Discrimination like that can lead a person down a dark path of coping behavior such as abusing tobacco, drugs and alcohol. The stress may also lead to obesity and lower cancer screening rates. All of these behaviors put the LGBT community at high risk for cancer.
“The essence of good cancer treatment is not just skillful surgery, effective chemotherapy and follow-up care, but it includes the whole person,” said Margolies. “And that means understanding who their support system is, what their sexual orientation is, and what their gender identity is.”
A startling statistic Margolies shared was that 50 percent of transgender people had to teach their healthcare professional how to treat them. That could be related to the fact that only five hours of LGBT learning is provided throughout medical school.
The lack of provider knowledge has pushed many in the LGBT community away or even “back into the closet” when it comes to cancer care. When the time comes that they do seek treatment for cancer they are wary at first. For instance, 75 percent of lesbian women delay or avoid healthcare because of the cost, fear of discrimination or from having a prior negative experience with the healthcare system.
In a video, the audience followed the journeys of three people: Jay Kallio, Jo and Vanessa. Kallio, identified as a transgender man who has had cancer twice, with this second diagnosis revealing a highly aggressive lung cancer. They believe the cancer was brought on by the stress and exhaustion of fighting their whole life. Kallio hit a new low when they were turned away from a doctor after they revealed they were transgender and was then referred for psychiatric care.
Jo, who knew they were a lesbian at the age of 16, was rejected by their own family after coming out. They developed a terminal cancer later in life and developed their own support system. Jo died on Oct. 15, 2014.
Vanessa, who was born Robert, discussed their trip to the doctor. They had a negative experience because medical forms didn't allow them to identify who they were and the doctor didn't know how to treat them
“One out of five transgender people report being sent away by a healthcare provider who says ‘I don't understand your body – I can't treat you.' This does not encourage people from going back to the doctor,” Margolies said.
But experiences for LGBT patients with cancer can be improved—and begins with healthcare professionals. Big changes can be made right in doctors' offices, hospitals or on company websites that welcome LGBT patients. This can be done by posting a non-discrimination policy or by posting the LGBT pride symbol, a rainbow flag on a wall or window or by displaying an LGBT couple on a website homepage.
Medical forms could be modified to provide a space for an LGBT patient to disclose how they identify and who their support system is. Currently, only 2 percent of healthcare organizations have intake forms that have a place for this, according to a poll discussed during the lecture.
Margolies encouraged nurses to learn about LGBT, so they can be a resource. They also told them to get involved with LGBT organizations and leaders in order to be an ally to their patients.
“To get the respect and trust of the LGBT community, it's going to take more than all of you becoming experts here,” said Margolies. “It means training everybody in your organization. If an LGBT organization community supports you and you work together, it's the best way for you to learn. It shows that your office is a safe place to be.”
In their final thoughts, Margolies told the oncology nurses to feel free to make a mistake – that even if you get it wrong, it demonstrates that you care enough to ask. They even shared a quote that their aunt used to say to her: “Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly at first.”
Given enough time, and enough focused ingenuity, any copy protection method can probably be circumvented. For the latest evidence of this truism, look no further than the Sega Saturn. A hacker has developed an external, plug-in solution that lets the two-decade-old system play games off a generic USB drive, without the need for heavy internal hardware modifications like a soldered, hard-to-find mod chip or a full disc drive replacement.
The news comes via this fascinating 27-minute video that outlines how a hacker going by the handle Dr. Abrasive spent years looking for a way past the system's particularly robust disc-checking scheme. To prevent regular old CD-Rs from working on the system, Sega had the Saturn disc drive check for a microscopic "wobble" pattern etched into the outer edge of the game disc itself (a CD-R's pre-set spiral pattern makes replicating the pattern with a regular CD burner pretty impossible).
In addition, the Saturn has an extra CPU dedicated exclusively to handling the CD sub-system. Before now, that CPU has been a frustrating black box for hardware hackers; they could send commands and get data, but they couldn't decipher its inner workings to try to develop a workaround. Even opening the chip up to examine the ROM via microscope failed, thanks to an implant ROM process Sega used in creating the chip.
Dr. Abrasive went to the trouble of unsoldering a disc drive CPU from a Saturn, resoldering it to a custom-made circuit board, and reading out the ROM contents directly to their own computer. From there, they spent months deciphering the messy, overdeveloped spaghetti code to figure out how it works. They even looked into an odd, encrypted piece of ROM code on an obscure Saturn MPEG decoder card, which seemed to somehow run code on that black box disc drive CPU.
All those avenues ended up being dead ends. In researching those dead ends, though, Dr. Abrasive found that the Saturn's Video CD slot (the one used for that MPEG decoder card) lets you "insert tentacles... directly into the CDB brain of the system" without the need to modify the original hardware. Dr. Abrasive's custom-made interface uses this slot to load Saturn CD images directly from a USB drive to the system processor, circumventing the CD drive and its copy protection entirely. They hope to produce more of the chips and market them for interested retro gamers in the future.
Having an easy way to play backed up Saturn games is important, because many of the original systems are seeing their flimsy disc drives die of old age these days, even while the rest of the system's solid state parts remain relatively robust. Since the Saturn discs themselves aren't encrypted, game discs can be easily archived to an external hard drive via a regular PC, and run on the now fully solid-state Saturn indefinitely.
Dr. Abrasive also hopes their solution will supercharge the Saturn homebrewing community, which was previously limited to the few hackers willing to open up their systems to install mods. More coders will now have the opportunity to play around with the Saturn's complex and over-engineered innards, creating new demos and chiptunes with the hardware.
Listing image by YouTube
Bush and McCain ignored Afghanistan. This is the result:
Just one year ago, the Taliban insurgency was a furtive, loosely organized guerrilla force that carried out hit-and-run ambushes, burned empty schools, left warning letters at night and concentrated attacks in the southern rural regions of its ethnic and religious heartland.
Today it is a larger, better armed and more confident militia, capable of mounting sustained military assaults. Its forces operate in virtually every province and control many districts in areas ringing the capital. Its fighters have bombed embassies and prisons, nearly assassinated the president, executed foreign aid workers and hanged or beheaded dozens of Afghans.
The new Taliban movement has created a parallel government structure that includes defense and finance councils and appoints judges and officials in some areas. It offers cash to recruits and presents letters of introduction to local leaders. It operates Web sites and a 24-hour propaganda apparatus that spins every military incident faster than Afghan and Western officials can manage.
EDIT 08 NOV 2013: Hello to all the random reddit people reading! If you want to see actual things I have won, click back through the archives; you used to be able to click the “Loot” link up near the top but at some point apparently an automatic wordpress update killed my categories. I have a backlog of neat stuff to post still, I'll probably throw all that stuff up some time in December, but I haven't had a chance to poke at the bot since I moved to the UK a year or so ago. If you have any questions I've posted in the relevant reddit threads, I'm /u/Narmotur.
Hello, all my readers who may or may not exist! I'm pretty much mostly settled in now (he says, having taken over 3 months to find a bed) and I hope to have some pictures soon of the many unopened envelopes I left in the US when I moved, thanks to my brother. If the quality is significantly worse than you've come to expect, blame him. If it's significantly better, I taught them everything they know.
That said, I'm still not sure what to do with the bot once I run through the backlog. I just don't know if you can get as much useless crap off eBay in the UK for cheap, and should I switch to 1 pound earned per day or is that cheating somehow? These are the questions that weigh heavy on my soul. Someday I'll answer them. Not today though.
Fantasy Writer – Spotlight on Author Robin Chambers
“Gordon Bennett was born on 7th August 1999 with extraordinary powers. Where have those powers come from? Who – or what – is “Zack”…? Their mother begins to notice that Gordon is different when they speak their first words at just 5 months old and that's before the really strange things begin to happen!
Fun, refreshing and certainly different, A Wizard Of Dreams is Book 1 in The Myrddin's Heir series by author Robin Chambers. Written at a quick, entertaining pace it's a potent blend of magical intrigue and adventure and whilst the theme is familiar, Chambers has a unique style of writing that sets their work apart. Much more than a trite fantasy plotline their young protagonist is defined in a realistic and empathetic way that pulls the reader through the story with him, and when Gordon interacts with Zack there is always much to be taken from these well observed exchanges. With well-defined characters, Chambers demonstrates a meticulous eye for detail that makes them instantly identifiable and whilst some are more endearing than others they are all very memorable. Each captured with a distinctive tenor that adds greatly to the thematic undertones of their tale. A tale that not only entertains, but encourages thought and timely reflection.
Original and highly engrossing, A Wizard Of Dreams is a wonderful read throughout and sets the tone for a series that undoubtedly deserves your attention. It is highly recommended.”
Book Viral Author Spotlight review
Key events in childhood indicate Gordon's powers are getting stronger…
How do they deal with bullies? How about ghosts, fairies and wizards…?
How seriously weird do things get around their eleventh birthday? And what's their sixteen greats grandmother got to do with it…?
Very few children get to go where they get to go…
Book 1 ends on 6th September 2010 – Gordon's first morning in secondary school: when they find out for certain that he's not the only one. There's a girl in the frame…
This story will make you laugh quite a lot, but I warn you that in places it makes me cry…
The Myrddin's Heir series will challenge you. One of my most important questions, therefore, is: “Are YOU up for the challenge?”
Find out more by visiting www.myrddinsheir.com…
Post navigation
If part one of Yona of the Dawn 's anime adaptation was about Yona's journey from pampered princess to a young woman who could survive in the world, part two is about their realization of what they want to do in that world as they gather their dragon warriors. Not that either Gija nor the Blue Dragon (soon named Sinha by Yona) care what she's up to – both just want to be with her, albeit for slightly different reasons. (It's interesting to note that Hak only appears to see Gija as a romantic rival.) But Yona themselves needs to have a purpose. As they begin to realize that their father, kind as they are, was not actually a good king, they begin to feel more and more that it's their duty to right the wrongs of their reign.
This urge sets up one of the most interesting parallels – and undeveloped plotlines – in the series: the motivations of Yona and Su-Won. In part one, Su-Won murdered their uncle out of a desire to repair a kingdom that had suffered under their too-kind rule. Their decision to run King Il through themselves rather than use a less direct method of murder indicated the complete difference in philosophy between the two, although we can see traces of the old Su-Won underneath, particularly in episode sixteen, when Su-Won stages a “pretend war” to make their point to the Earth Clan. Their brief reunion with Yona in episode twenty-three also indicates that he's very skilled at deception and leaves us wondering which, if either, is the “real” Su-Won. This brings up the question of why King Il didn't want Yona to marry them in the first place, as well as why their father, the elder prince, was not named heir. Did Il know something that we're not privy to? In either case, these two sides of the new king highlight the inherent tragedy of their character. Had they not chosen to kill the king and instead allied themselves with Yona (not necessarily through marriage), they wouldn't find themselves becoming a conflicted villain. It's a classic case of the road not taken, and in Yona herself, we see alliance with the common people forming a very different kind of unity. Unfortunately, this anime doesn't get into which one will be stronger.
Most of this set is taken up with the Awa arc, when Yona, Yun, Hak, Sinha, and Gija arrive in a port town in search of Jeaha, the Green Dragon Warrior, only to find that not only is they totally uninterested in helping them, but he's also busy trying to stop the depredations of the local lord, who's terrorizing the town and selling women off to neighboring kingdoms. It's important in the grand scheme of things not just because it sets up the meeting between Yona and Jeaha, but also because it marks Yona's first meeting with a strong female leader, someone they can use as a role model. That would be Gi-Gang, the elderly leader of the pirates who are fighting Lord Keum-Ji's reign of terror. While Yona did already meet Granny, the matriarch of the White Dragon Village, that's a more traditional female role, while Gi-Gang is engaged in the kind of rebellious martial leadership Yona will need to undertake. Gi-Gang makes Yona stand up and prove herself, not just to Gi-Gang, but also to themselves and the men she's traveling with. If they could, both Hak and Gija would wrap Yona in cotton and stick them safely out of the way, but that's not what Yona wants or needs. Gi-Gang gives them the chance to show them that they can handle themselves when things get difficult, which culminates in their actions towards Keum-Ji, witnessed by both Yun and Jeaha. This is really the moment when Jeaha accepts that they want to go with her, seeing them as a person rather than "just a girl” or even the fabled “red dragon.” Since their issue was whether the pull they felt towards Yona was merely a product of their dragon blood or their genuine emotions, seeing them in action helps them to come to terms with themselves as well. It also shows Yona's complete refutation of their father's anti-violence principles, although for them it is a last resort, once again drawing a comparison between them and Su-Won, who began their rebellion against King Il with blood.
In terms of other characters, poor Hak is still stuck pining for a Yona who is utterly oblivious to their feelings. They are, however, beginning to be more open about those feelings with everyone else, although whether or not they understand the importance of them wanting only them to call them “Princess” seems debatable. It's clear that Yun occupies the “best friend” slot, while Hak means something more to the princess, although they don't appear to be able to put a name on that something else herself. Yun, like Yona, is going through a similar realization of their own strengths, and it can't be easy being constantly surrounded by amazing fighters when your strengths are intellectual. This is part of what makes Yun's and Yona's friendship so rewarding – they're the only two “normal” people in the group, both trying to figure out their places in the world. Poor Sinha, on the other hand, is mostly used for comedic effect; they basically stop talking after episode thirteen. (In fact, Josh Grelle , who plays Jeon the Yellow Dragon Warrior, jokes that they have more lines than Eric Vale , who plays Sinha, despite their single appearance in the series.) It's a shame, because they do have potential as a character, and their reasons for joining Yona are drastically different from both Gija's, Jeaha's, and Jeon's, at least as much as we get to know them.
As a big fan of the original Japanese voice cast, I was concerned about the English dub , but it turned out fine. While I still prefer Nobuhiko Okamoto 's slightly sweeter Sinha, the dub cast is excellent, with Ian Sinclair 's Gija being a particular stand-out. Monica Rial 's Yona is also very impressive – if you've always thought of them as “the squeaky one,” this show should change your mind. Gi-Gang's dub voice is perhaps the most likely to cause dissent, as the southern accent she's given makes them sound more like an old rancher than a pirate. The animation continues to be very nice, and while the driving new opening theme (appearing somewhat oddly in episode fifteen) takes some getting used to, it does suit the new direction of the story. More amusingly, there are some distinct parallels between the new ending theme's lyrics and the song “Let it Go” from Frozen, particularly in the idea of the rising dawn. Extras are the Funimation usuals, with two episode commentaries, one with Su-Won and Geun-Tae's actors and one with the White, Green, and Yellow Dragon Warriors', both of which are interesting. The latter gets points for being the only one on both sets not to open with a tale of horror about the broadcast dub schedule.
Fishermen have a saying about a red sky at dawn – it's not a good portent. Yona, whose hair was dubbed dawn-colored by Su-Won, may just be that warning for Su-Won and their cronies as they continue to find their purpose in life. Although they are working towards the same ends, their separate paths will take them in very different directions. While we don't have that part of the story in the anime, we do know that Yona is not going to back down. We'll just have to read the manga to see what kind of dawn these two groups will eventually bring about for the Koga Kingdom.
Now, that we know what hardware is inside the PLC, the next step will be to take a look at the software inside the PLC and how it runs. Every PLC has a scan time and a scan cycle. This is how the PLC and the software inside the PLC works. The scan cycle is the cycle of which the PLC gathers the inputs, runs your PLC program and then updates the outputs. This will take some amount of time often measured in milliseconds or ms. The amount of time it takes for the PLC to make one scan cycle is called the scan time of the PLC.
It is crucial to know about the PLC scan time and even to know how long the scan cycle is. Especially if you are working with plc timers and delays. The accuracy of the timers will often depend on the length of the scan cycle.
Beside the PLC hardware, the PLC contains some software. Some of it are pre-installed, and some of it will be your software.
PLC Firmware
First, let us divide the software inside the PLC into two parts. A little piece of software called the firmware and another piece of software called the program. The firmware is the operating system in the PLC. The firmware is responsible for running your program commands, managing communications and some other tasks. Some of the functions of the firmware is to make the microprocessor and the RAM communicate, and to make the PLC compatible with the PLC programming software. Many other tasks are handled by the firmware, and you will almost never have to worry about it. The firmware is installed by the manufacturer of the PLC.
Your PLC program
The other piece of software is actually the software that we develop for the PLC. It is the program of logic that we put inside the PLC. The program of logic that reads the inputs and sets the outputs. Before learning more about the program of logic we need to know is where in the PLC the program is placed.
Normally the program is saved in the RAM of the PLC, but as we know from the previous chapter the RAM can be a risky place to save your program. It can be risky because the RAM will be cleared when the power is off. Most PLC's have a backup battery, that prevents the RAM from being deleted, but there is a better place to save your program more permanently – the EEPROM. The data in the EEPROM will still be there even after the power has been removed. So, the EEPROM is in most cases the optimal place for the program.
The scan time is how the PLC program works
The program of logic that we save into the PLC is the main function of the PLC. Your PLC program will decide what outputs to set with the inputs as decisions. When the PLC is powered up it will run as following:
First thing the PLC will do is to check the status of all the inputs. To be more precise, the PLC will take an image of all the inputs and save it in the RAM. Where taking an image means that the PLC will save a binary value representing the inputs. Let me explain that in detail with an example:
Let's say we have a PLC with 8 digital inputs. When the PLC checks the input status of all the inputs when they are all low, the binary number will be 00000000. Each 0 is a representation of a digital input. If the input is low the value will be 0, and if the input is high the value will be 1. So if we connected the last input (input 8) to a power source the PLC would save the number 00000001, when checking the input status.
After the PLC has checked the status of all its inputs, the PLC will then execute the program. The logic program that we program the PLC with will now run, and as it runs the program will collect some numbers and save them temporary. You might already have guessed what these numbers are. These numbers are the output status as the logic of the program have decided. When the program has ended the PLC will update the output status. The same thing now happens as with the inputs only in reverse. The number representing the output status will now be saved as the output status in the PLC, and the status of all the outputs will be updated.
What really happens is that the temporary number decided by the PLC program representing the output status will be a binary number just like the inputs. So let's take an example of 8 digital outputs. The number saved by the program will be 00000000 if all outputs are to be updated to low or off. If the PLC program sets the first output to high the number saved will be 10000000. So with 0 as off and 1 as on.
So, how does the PLC update the outputs? The answer to that is a special place in the memory. At a special place in the memory the microprocessor will have a number that will always represent the status of the outputs. If we save the number 10000000 in this place the first output of the PLC will be on. When the PLC program ends the temporary number will just be saved in this special location of the memory and the outputs will be updated.
These three steps are all called a scan cycle. One scan cycle is when the PLC has checked the input status, executed the program and updated the output status.
If you want some further explanation of the PLC scan time, check out this great video from Ron Beaufort:
The PLC is a fast thinker and this cycle happens within milliseconds. But it will be relevant to know about the scan cycle and especially the scan time, which is the time one scan cycle takes. When we are working with timers and other advanced functions in the PLC the scan time can be crucial. The same happens with large projects with thousands of lines of code or ladder the scan time might become an issue.
Brand specific settings – More on scan times
As a comment on this post on reddit says, the PLC scan time are completely brand and setting specific. In many cases you can set different times for the I/O cycle time and the task cycle time.
The task cycle time is equal to the second step in this article – Execute PLC program.
All these brand specific settings and further information about the different PLC scan times will be in future articles. If you are starting out, learning PLC programming, you should just care about the scan time. Reading the I/O, then executing your program and at last updating the I/O is a good fundamental understanding of how a PLC works. When you are starting out learning PLC programming, knowing about the concept of the scan cycle is a huge advantage. In the beginning, this concept will help you understand the basic concepts of PLC programming.
If you have experience with PLC programming you may know of some scan cycle settings.
Have you ever used custom scan cycle settings?
Feel free to tell me about it in the comment section below.
Midwest Power News
9/14/18 -- Wildman Challenge
Wildman's is proud to sponsor the Midwest Power 16 Challenge.
Challenge 1
Fly your Stock Wildman Gizmo 4 to an altitude of 1600 feet. The first one to hit 1600 feet exactly or the closet to it by range close on Saturday before the banquet will win $150 in the form of a Wildman Gift Certificate.
Challenge 2
Fly your Stock Wildman Gizmo 5 to an altitude of 13,000 feet The first one to hit 13,000 feet exactly or the closet to it by range close on Saturday before the banquet will win $250 in the form of a Wildman Gift Certificate.
You may fly as many times as you want within the range hours.
You must us a commercially manufactured and assembled altimeter.
The rocket must be intact and flyable to count as a flight.
In celebration of this contest Wildman Hobbies is offering the following to registered fliers of MWP16 only
Gizmo 4” for $89.99. Normal price $129.99
Gizmo 5” for $109.99. Normal price $ 179.99
Just put MWP in the comment section and we will refund the difference if you are a registered flier for MWP 16 www.wildmanrocktry.com
9/14/18 -- Midwest Power 16 Stickers
Mark at StickerShock is offering MWP 16 stickers for your rockets, tool maxes, cars or whatever. Memorialize your launches at MWP 16 with one of these stickers. You can find your MWP 16 stickers at: www.StickerShock23.com.
9/14/18 -- 20% Off from MJG Technologies
MJG Technologies is offering us a 20% off promo code for products on their web site (electricmatch.com). Just enter MWP when you check out for the discount. This offer is good for 3 months after the launch
9/1/18 - Saturday and Sunday, the Bureau and Marshall-Putnam Counties 4-H clubs will be serving food at the launch. They will be offering a variety of hot dogs, Chicago style, chili, chili cheese, chips, sodas, water and more.
7/21/18 - If you don't have a paypal account, you can use your credit card at Paypal without setting up account.
Choose PayPal as your payment method and click "Continue to Paypal".
You'll be redirected to PayPal
Instead of choosing to pay with your PayPal account, select the option to pay with a debit or credit card .
8/13/17 - IMPORTANT: QCRS is once again a Tripoli Prefecture. As a result, Midwest Power will be run with strict adherence to Tripoli's Research Code. The current Research Safety Code can be found HERE.
CLOSE 'Frozen' songwriters (& husband-wife team) Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez discuss what it was like to compose for a singer as strong as Idina Menzel, and what a pleasurable experience it was to work with the multi-talented Kristen Bell.
Kristen Anderson-Lopez and husband Robert Lopez put their love, married life and even their daughters into the songs of "Frozen."
Actor/writer/ composer Robert Lopez, left, and writer/ lyricist Kristen Anderson-Lopez, right, and their children (who provided voices in the film) attend The Cinema Society's special screening of 'Frozen' in New York City. (Photo11: Cindy Ord, Getty Images) Story Highlights Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez wrote eight songs for "Frozen"
The movie showcases the song "Let It Go" featuring a version by Idina Menzel and Demi Lovato
Daughters Annie, 4, and Katie, 8, also have voice parts in 'Frozen'
Early on a recent November morning Annie Lopez, 4, was walking with their family on Hollywood Boulevard when they spotted a large billboard for Disney's Frozen.
"There was a guy walking by who clearly had a rough night," their mother Kristen Anderson-Lopez recalls. "And Annie was like, 'See that billboard for Frozen? We made that movie!'"
There is some definite childlike enthusiasm in Annie's statement about the animated musical fairy tale directed by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee, which features the voices of Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel and Josh Gad.
But the Lopez family certainly had a large part in the film (opening Nov. 27), namely through Anderson-Lopez and their husband Robert Lopez, the songwriting team that composed Frozen's eight original songs — including the triumphant Let It Go sung by Menzel in the film along with another version performed by Demi Lovato.
CLIP: Snowman pines for heat in 'Frozen'
STORY: 'Frozen' defrosts Kristen Bell's Disney dreams
TRAILER: 'Frozen'
For the Lopezes,
"There's not much the Lopez clan cannot do, they are disgustingly gifted," says Gad, who worked with Robert Lopez on the Broadway hit The Book of Mormon. "It would seem that this kind of collaboration could get in the way of a marriage. But for some reason it only seems to support and build their love for each other. And they put that love back into their music in a way that's astounding."
The love began in November 1999 at a New York forum for writers and musical theater. When Robert Lopez performed an early version of a song from their musical Avenue Q in a yellow yarn wig, Anderson-Lopez was transfixed.
"It was kind of humiliating, but Kristen really liked it," says Lopez.
"It really was one of those moments, when they walked in. I was like, 'I love him, I am going to marry him,' they say.
Avenue Q would go on to win Lopez a Tony Award and the two married in 2003. When Anderson-Lopez was approached to work on the Walt Disney World production of Finding Nemo — The Musical in 2006 the couple embarked on their first full-time collaboration.
"She was invited to find any composer they wanted. And they picked me," says Lopez.
"I was like, 'I hear about this guy Bobby Lopez, they just won a Tony. And he's standing right here,' " says Anderson-Lopez.
Taking on the task of writing the music for Frozen required daily, two-hour conference calls with the film's directors starting in January 2012 to help flesh out the characters. Still, the songwriters had a parental advantage in the tale about two loving sister princesses at odds with each other.
"That really resonated for us, having two daughters. Our youngest just thinks our oldest is a superhero. And our oldest is often like 'Leave me alone.'" says Anderson-Lopez. "We knew exactly what that older-younger dynamic is."
There were frustrating moments in the creative process ("it definitely can be full of angst," says Lopez). And the two sometimes have to separate work pressure from home frustrations. "Sometime it's like, OK, 'What's going on here?' It's not about a lyric is it? It's about your mother,' " says Anderson-Lopez.
They broke through on Frozen and the raves are rolling in. Playlist called it "a new Disney classic" and said "the most endearing aspect" of the film was the couple's songs. Let It Go also is enjoying front-runner status for Best Song award contention.
The duo is not exclusive writing partners ("we're promiscuous only so far as work collaboration," says Anderson-Lopez). But they plan to continue working from their Brooklyn home on a yet-to-be announced Disney project and a stage production called Up Here.
"The only bad thing about being a husband and wife team is, when things aren't going well, you cannot go home and complain to your spouse," says Lopez, who says they still break open a bottle of expensive champagne every wedding anniversary to give thanks for the partnership.
"I get to play all day with my best friend, and they also happen to be my favorite Broadway composer," says Anderson-Lopez. "We're both very, very grateful."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cmzhCm
Now that the election is over and almost all of the votes have been counted, it is worth examining how accurate the polling on marijuana legalization was this cycle. Knowing how the polling throughout the campaign compares to the final results is important for determining when and in what states similar initiatives should be tried going forward.
Just as with Proposition 19 in California last cycle, the final set of polls in both Washington State and Colorado proved to be very useful. In Washington State the polls near perfectly predicted the percent of the vote Initiative 502 would get. While in Colorado the final polls slightly understated Amendment 64 support.
Overall the actual yes vote on marijuana legalization initiatives tended to slightly exceed the level of support found in final polls. Going forward the lesson seems to be that as long as a marijuana legalization initiative is polling at just around 50 percent support before the election, it is likely to pass.
The one thing that made the polling in this election different from 2010 is that the polls remained remarkably stable throughout the campaign. In 2010, Prop 19 was ahead in the polling during the summer but support collapsed in the final month. By comparison support for Initiative 502 and Amendment 64 remained almost unchanged with no drop at the end. SurveyUSA's first poll on I-502 back in July found 55 percent of voters planning to support it, and every poll they conducted consistently found support between 55%-57%. Similarly, all of PPP polling since August consistently had Amendment 64 winning by roughly eight to nine points.
This past election basically proves that the 2010 Prop 19 last minute drop in the polls was due only to issues specifically related to that initiative/campaign; it wasn't some natural tendency for voters get cold feet about marijuana legalization initiatives at the last minute.
The lesson for potential future efforts seems to be that as long as the polling roughly a year out from the election shows just over 50 percent support for the general idea of legalizing marijuana, a well written initiative backed by a good campaign stands a solid chance of being approved. There are several states that should likely meet this criterion in 2014 or 2016.
MeatKing is an Ultra Responsive Restaurant Website Design Template for Restaurants or other culinary enterprises. A Free Restaurant Website Responsive Bootstrap Template. This unique and super elegant responsive template is created with powerful Bootstrap 3 Framework and modern design essence and CSS3 animations makes this template very stylish and eye catchy.Not only that, this You can just download it and add your contents and within few hours your website will be ready for the billions of people all over the world.
Meatking is a one page responsive bootstrap template and this is entirely free for your personal and commercial uses. But please don't remove the ThemeWagon credit link from this free HTML5 template until you donate.
Some real websites using Restaurant Website Design Template MeatKing
Link 1: KebaBBQue Restaurant Dubai – Original Karachi taste – BBQ & Biryani
Link 2: CAFE SHEEP MEADOW
Link 3: DU&ICH – EINFACH BEQUEM
The Meatking Restaurant Website Design Template is powered by bootstrap which makes it very easy to customize. But if you are having any difficulties, you can always contact us for free consultation or support.
Who can use MeatKing – Restaurant Website Design Template?
We have designed Meatking in such a way so that many catering businesses can use it efficiently for their businesses. Our priority was the famous restaurant as we love to eat; a lot of!
Restaurant
Take away
Coffee shop
Party Centre
Night club
Fast food
Cafeteria
All kinds of catering business
One-Page Template
Yes – you have heard that right. The recent trend in the world wide web is One-Page Template. For better user experiences, people are looking for responsive one-page template in the web. Our idea is to provide great looking, eye catchy, clean and minimal designed one page responsive bootstrap template. We are also going to develop the one page responsive bootstrap WordPress theme.
Contact Us for any help or comments regarding this Restaurant Website Design Template – MeatKing.
Features Specially Designed for Restaurants
Colourful and Modern Design
Slim and Sleek Sticky Header.
Restaurant Website Design Template
Centered Logo
Parallax Sections
Complete UI based on absolute need
Full Screen Header Background with centered headline
Optimized Code & Content
Clean Code
Cross-browser Compatible
SEO Optimized
100% Fully Customizable
Google Fonts
Built with HTML5 & CSS3
Strong focus on Usability and UX
Responsive layout
CSS Framework – Bootstrap 3
FontAwesome Icon Integrated
Stylish UI
Well commented coding
Easy to use
It's Free!
You can browse all our Responsive Bootstrap Templates here.
If you found this Free Restaurant Website Responsive Bootstrap Template useful, don't forget to buy us a Coffee!
Help us by sharing Pebble Time with your friends!
Know someone who would be just as stoked as you are about Pebble Time? Share our campaign with them through the “Share this project” button at the top. Sharing is caring!
CLOSE President-elect Donald Trump is assembling a a cabinet that may be the wealthiest in modern U.S. history. Just look at a few of their top picks. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Retired Gen. David Petraeus speaks to members of the media while leaving Trump Tower Nov. 28. President-elect Donald Trump and their transition team are in the process of filling cabinet and other high level positions for the new administration. (Photo11: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — President-elect Donald Trump is widening their search for a secretary of State after high-profile meetings with four top candidates failed to yield a decision last week.
"It is true that he's broadened the search, and the secretary of State is an incredibly important position for any president," Trump aide Kellyanne Conway told reporters at Trump Tower Sunday. "There is not a finite list of finalists only because they will interview with additional candidates early this week."
Last week, the transition team said the top diplomat's position had been "narrowed down" to four potential candidates: Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, retired Army general and former CIA director David Petraeus and 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney.
Former United Nations ambassador John Bolton also met with Trump on Friday, and Vice President-elect Mike Pence included Bolton's name in a list of possible secretaries of State Sunday.
Conway suggested that more candidates had come forward eager to join the Trump administration. "There are a number of people that we may not have thought wanted to leave their very lucrative private industry positions to go and serve the government, and they are coming forth now and expressing interest," they said.
The expanding list of candidates comes as one of the top candidates, Petraeus, appeared on ABC's This Week to answer questions about their interest in the job — and their conviction for mishandling classified information.
They pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanor charge of giving journals containing state secrets to their biographer and mistress, Paula Broadwell. FBI Director James Comey has said that violation was far worse than what Trump's former rival, Hillary Clinton, was accused of in receiving classified information on a private email server. They remain on probation, meaning they need approval from a probation officer — or a presidential pardon — in order to leave western North Carolina to serve in government.
"Five years ago, I made a serious mistake. I acknowledged it. I apologized for it. I paid a very heavy price for it and I've learned from it," they said. "And, again, they'll have to factor that in and also obviously 38-and-a-half years of otherwise fairly — in some cases — unique service to our country in uniform and then at the CIA and then some four years or so in the business community."
Petraeus did not have an answer for how the Trump administration would fulfill a campaign promise of building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border — and make Mexico pay for it. "I'm not sure what the scheme would be there for that," they said.
Pence defended Petraeus on This Week, calling them "an American hero,"
"But look, they made mistakes. And they paid the consequences of those mistakes." They said Trump would "factor the totality of Gen. Petraeus' career in making that decision."
"Whether it be Gen, Petraeus or Mitt Romney or Rudy Giuliani or Sen. Bob Corker or John Bolton or others who may be added to the list, what people are seeing is an extraordinary capacity of an executive to bring the broadest range of people around him," Pence said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2h2oHca
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 22, 2016, 8:40 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 22, 2016, 8:39 PM GMT By Maggie Fox
Babies born looking normal and healthy after a Zika infection are developing smaller-than-normal heads months later, doctors reported Tuesday – a bad sign that shows the virus continues to damage a baby for weeks or months.
That means that if a pregnant woman gets infected with Zika, their baby could be at risk not only in the womb, but long after birth.
Assessment of a Series of 13 Infants with Congenital Zika Virus Infection without Microcephaly at Birth CDC
And it's one more unpleasant surprise from the Zika virus, once thought unremarkable and now showing it can wreak havoc in ways never seen before.
Dr. Vanessa Van der Linden, the pediatric neurologist in Recife, Brazil, who sounded the first public alert about Zika, examined 13 babies that appeared to have been infected with Zika in the womb but who were born looking unaffected.
“This report documents that microcephaly at birth is not an essential hallmark of congenital Zika syndrome."
It turns out they were not unscathed.
“Among all infants, head growth was documented to have decelerated as early as 5 months of age, and 11 infants had microcephaly,” Van der Linden and colleagues report in a report from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Assessment of a Series of 13 Infants with Congenital Zika Virus Infection without Microcephaly at Birth
Zika virus has been proven beyond all doubt to cause microcephaly, the medical name for a smaller-than-normal head. It's caused when the brain of a developing fetus is damaged and shrinks, causing the skull to either collapse or to grow slowly, also.
Related: Babies Show a Range of Problems After Zika
It also causes other damage to the brains and bodies of babies.
Van der Linden's team has been watching many babies born after the mothers tested positive. They focused on 13 in particular.
“All infants had positive tests for Zika virus,” they wrote.
The children had other problems, also. Ten had trouble feeding, the researchers reported. Van der Linden has reported this before, and says Zika-affected babies often suffer from painful reflux. Seven had epilepsy – another common diagnosis – and almost all of them had a stiffening of the limbs called hypertonia.
They make good eye contact, which can lead parents to believe they aren't as badly affected as they really are, Van der Linden says.
Related: Zika Birth Defects the Tip of the Iceberg
“This report documents that microcephaly at birth is not an essential hallmark of congenital Zika syndrome,” the team wrote.
Assessment of a Series of 13 Infants with Congenital Zika Virus Infection without Microcephaly at Birth. CDC
“Infants with normal head circumference at birth have brain and other abnormalities associated with congenital Zika syndrome and might develop microcephaly after birth. These findings demonstrate the importance of early neuroimaging for infants exposed to Zika virus prenatally and the need for comprehensive medical and developmental follow-up.”
It's not clear what's happening. Zika could be causing a long-term infection in the brain or it could damage immature cells in the womb, that then do not go on to develop into normal tissue as they should as the baby grows after being born.
"These findings demonstrate the importance of early neuroimaging for infants exposed to Zika virus prenatally and the need for comprehensive medical and developmental follow-up.”
Zika has spread across Latin America, the Caribbean and is causing smaller outbreaks in south Florida. Some countries have reporting matching epidemics of microcephaly and other birth defects.
Related: Zika Affected Woman's Memory
In the United States, the CDC reports more than 4,200 cases of Zika, nearly all carried by travelers from other areas. Florida reports more than 200 locally-acquired cases, spread by the Aedes aegypti mosquitos that thrive in Florida.
Florida officials cleared on area of Miami Beach where Zika had been spreading.
“The newly cleared area, which is about three miles, is between 28th to 63rd streets. The last known person contracted Zika in this area on September 27th,” the state health department said in a statement.
“The remaining area of active Zika transmission in Miami Beach is about 1.5 square miles between 8th and 28th streets.”
Related: Images Show Zika's Destruction of Babies' Brains
In Florida, 160 pregnant women have been infected with Zika. More than 1,000 pregnant women in the U.S. have been infected. Health experts say their babies will need to be monitored for years.
There's no cure for Zika and the brain damage it causes is permanent.
The CDC says pregnant women or those who could become pregnant should avoid Zika zones.
"All of Miami-Dade remains a yellow area and pregnant women are eligible for Zika virus testing. All pregnant women in the United States should be evaluated for possible Zika virus exposure during each prenatal care visit," the CDC advises.
In what was probably the most anticipated media event since Bill Clinton addressed the Monica Lewinsky rumors, Bill Belichick and Tom Brady took to the podium today to give their take on You Know What. In addition to the usual sports networks and local affiliates that always cover these things, the media room was packed to the gills with additional reporters, national broadcasts, and gossip columnists. People were clamoring for space, jockeying for position, and firing out question after question like a bunch of angry citizens storming the mayor's office.
And in a nutshell, the press conferences went as follows: Belichick stated that everything seemed fine to him, they didn't hear a thing about it until the morning after the Colts game, they were shocked at the news, and you should ask Brady about the footballs, as that isn't something they deal with. That's everything they know. Once Belichick's presser was over, the general consensus was that they just threw their quarterback under the bus. It was likely a planned event and carefully coordinated, but there was no masking that Belichick was putting this one on Tommy B, as they could come out, say they deflated the balls a bit, plead ignorance, flash that smile, accept their fine, and all would be forgiven.
But then Brady took the podium, and they didn't plead ignorance in the way everyone was hoping. They said that their balls were perfect (heh), they handed them back to the equipment manager, and they have absolutely no clue what happened to them after that. They didn't feel any difference in any of the balls used during the game because they were focused far more on reading the defense and trying to play the game than they were worried about how the ball felt. They had absolutely no idea what happened to the balls after they picked them out, and there really wasn't much more for them to say about it.
Once Brady's presser was over, the general consensus was that they aren't telling the truth. It was believed by many that Tom Brady was lying up there, that it doesn't make any sense how they couldn't tell the difference between one football and another, and that they had something to hide. Hall of Famer and quarterback extraordinaire Mark Brunell practically broke down in tears expressing how Brady had just betrayed their trust. Belichick had deflected, Brady had lied, and DeflateGate rolls on.
There are plenty of people out there who dislike Tom Brady. And if you're a Patriots fan, you have likely had to defend Tommy B from any number of accusations. He's a prettyboy. He's a metrosexual. He's overrated. He's a system QB. They would be nothing without Belichick. He's a diva. They whine to the refs too much. They get the benefit of too many calls. I could go on all day.
But one thing that nobody has ever said about Brady - EVER, at any point - is that they are deceitful and dishonest. Nobody has ever challenged their character, questioned their morals, disparaged their honesty, or accused them of fraudulence. They have never come across as anything other than a genuine, hardworking guy who loves the game of football and just wants to play until they just can't sling it anymore. The media love talking to him, no reporter has ever reported a bad experience with him, their teammates love him, they have never had a single off-field issue, and they are one of the faces of the NFL.  They are a media darling through and through, so beloved that it's almost nauseating even for those of us who love Tommy B.
Almost.
So for those same members of the media that think so highly of Brady, that have always respected their candor and honesty, who always found them to be a breath of fresh air after having to deal with their cactus of a coach just prior, to suddenly come out and accuse them of lying is an absolute disgrace. It represents a marked low point for journalistic integrity in an era where you no longer even have to be right in order to break a story, just so long as you break it first. The speed with which reporters, analysts, and other members of the media, many of whom have been having wonderful experiences with Tommy B FOR THE PAST 15 YEARS, are turning on them is enough to make me want to just walk away from the game altogether. Brady stood up there for over half an hour this afternoon and received an appalling barrage of questioning and borderline personal attacks that edged on slander from people to whom they have never, at any point in their career, been anything but pleasant, forthright, and genuine. And even as they berated him, bullied him, pushed him, and tried to force an answer, they kept their cool, smiled when they could, and told what I believe to be the truth.
And why did this happen? Why are reporters so quick to turn on Brady despite their perfect track record? The answer to that is as simple as it is embarrassing: they didn't provide them with the answer that they wanted. They didn't fall on their sword, admit to deflating the footballs to the way they liked them while pleading ignorance or shrugging their shoulders, and offer any kind of apology. That's what they wanted to hear, and that isn't what they got. Instead they got a man with an untarnished history of honesty telling them that they have no idea what happened and everything seemed fine in their eyes, and since their story didn't mesh with theirs they all sprinted to their laptops to exclaim that their narrative doesn't hold any water. They have zero grounds to do so, but when it comes to this story, we are well past the point of being able to separate speculation from fact, and so any and all journalistic accountability has officially gone out the window.
Neither Brady nor Belichick would be wise to lie here. One of the reasons that Bountygate became such a major issue (remember Bountygate? That scandal where the Saints coaching staff incentivized their players to cause others serious injury? That scandal that happened two years ago that nobody talks about or cares about anymore?) was because that Sean Payton lied about how involved they were in the process. Getting caught in a lie is far worse in the eyes of Rodger Goodell than just owning up to your mistakes once you get caught and accepting your punishment. So if Belichick and Brady are lying, they are taking a massive gamble and inviting a far worse punishment than anything they would have received if they had just owned up to it today. And that Brady stood at the podium for over half an hour, significantly longer than they were required to do, fielding question after question about whether or not he's a cheater and how are they going to explain to the kids that look up to them that their hero is a fraud and the like, leads me to believe that they have absolutely nothing to hide. Belichick might not have earned that right, but Brady certainly has. And if you're unwilling to give it to them simply because it doesn't align with the endgame that you already formulated in your head the moment this story broke, then shame on you.
If you don't want to give Bill Belichick the benefit of the doubt when they say that they have no idea about any of this and you need to ask Tom (although oddly, most people seem to think they were telling the truth there), then I certainly won't begrudge you that opinion. Belichick has never been media friendly, and their track record in regards to answering questions is spotty at best. But to come after Brady, who has never been anything but an exemplar of personal conduct and behavior in a National Football League that is populated by rapists, murderers, drug dealers, wife beaters, thugs, degenerates, and criminals, simply because the answer they provided didn't adhere to the storyline that you had already created in your head before they even took the podium is beyond embarrassing.
Perhaps what most disgusts me about all this is how the NFL is just allowing it to happen. They have yet to step in in any capacity and address/correct any of the 10 or so "truths" circulating around the national landscape right now. They didn't even reach out to Brady when this first broke to ask them what was going on, which is completely inexcusable. The bottom line is that nobody knows anything besides the fact that some balls weren't inflated properly, there is nothing but conjecture at this point, and yet there has been no movement from the league. They have decided that they would rather permanently damage the image and legacy of a man who has helped to generate them countless millions of dollars so that this league can get wider media coverage than simply come out and provide any kind of insight that could properly shed some light on this absurd, inane matter and either absolve the Patriots of everything or enforce the punishment that they 100% deserve. In a league year marred by historic incompetence and a complete disregard for anyone but themselves, I suppose none of us should be surprised with how utterly pathetic the NFL's handling of this investigation has been.
I know I'm a Patriots homer. I know I'm a Brady apologist. And I know I will always take Tommy B's side no matter what. But I also know that Brady has a decade and a half of perfect attendance in regards to how they handle scrutiny and chicanery in press conferences, so I think he's earned my - and all of our - trust at this point.
I often joke on this blog by referring to myself as a wannabe sportswriter, but after what I saw today, you won't be hearing that joke from me any more. I never want to associate myself with any of what I heard and saw today. I was raised better than that. Honesty and integrity is important to me. I may not be as knowledgeable as a lot of these professionals, and I may not have the writing ability that they do, but I'm damn proud of the work I produce here on Pats Pulpit. I stand behind everything that I say. And I would never do anything so despicable as purposely set out to permanently tarnish the good name of someone who had never been anything but a model citizen to me and my chosen profession.
If it turns out that Tom Brady wasn't telling the truth here, then we all have every right to call them out and expose them for the liar that they are. But until then, maybe we should let their track record speak for itself.
World Vision employee Mohammad El Halabi pleads not guilty to funding Hamas in Gaza
Updated
Australian officials have attended the trial of World Vision Gaza employee Mohammad El Halabi, who has pleaded not guilty to charges of channelling millions of dollars of the aid organisation's money to the militant group Hamas.
Key points: El Halabi is accused of providing funds for Hamas to buy weapons, build tunnels
World Vision says it stands by its employee
Australia's deputy ambassador to Israel attends court hearing
El Halabi entered the courtroom flanked by three armed guards. They smiled briefly and waved at the dozen or so World Vision colleagues attending the trial.
Israeli authorities accuse the humanitarian worker of siphoning off millions of dollars of government funds and charity donations to build tunnels, buy weapons and pay for the salaries of Hamas militants.
World Vision said it continued to support its employee.
"Up until now we have seen no credible evidence to support those charges," said Conny Lenneberg, World Vision's regional leader in the Middle East.
"So we stand in solidarity with Mohamed while we are calling for an open trial to test the veracity of these accusations."
World Vision said it had been conducting "a thorough and wide-ranging" review of its operations in Gaza, with a "forensic audit" currently being conducted by a "leading global accounting firm".
It said the review to date has not generated any concerns about diversion of World Vision resources.
"We want to find the truth. We want to ensure what evidence there is, is brought, and can be tested," Ms Lenneberg told the ABC outside the courtroom.
"Our experience of Mohammad as an employee of 10 years is as a very good and trusted employee and we have seen no evidence at all to change our opinion of that.
"So we are very concerned for them and their family and the impact this is having on trust around humanitarian work that is so critical in Gaza."
El Halabi placed in solitary confinement
The Australian Government has given more than $3 million to World Vision projects in Gaza in the past three years.
Australia's deputy ambassador to Israel, James McGarry, was in court to monitor proceedings.
"The Australian Government maintains an interest in the outcome of the case," Mr McGarry told the ABC once the hearing was over.
"But I'm not going to comment further on an ongoing court case at the moment."
When El Halabi appeared in court three weeks ago, they spoke to the ABC, claiming they had been tortured during their interrogation.
Israeli prison authorities have told the ABC they are now being "punished" for giving that interview without approval and that El Halabi has been placed in solitary confinement.
El Halabi's lawyers are outraged by their isolation in jail.
"It's not clear for us why they are punishing them for things they aren't aware they were forbidden to do," said Maher Hanna, one of Halabi's lawyers.
"This is just to create pressure on Mohammad. All these aggressive ways they are being treated is just to pressure them to accept the idea of a plea bargain."
A spokesperson for the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not respond to request for comment.
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, crime, unrest-conflict-and-war, israel, palestinian-territory-occupied
First posted
Nexus 9 vs. Malicious Headphones, Take Two
In March 2017 we disclosed CVE-2017-0510, a critical vulnerability in Nexus 9, that allowed for quite unique an attack by malicious headphones. Interestingly, its patch was insufficient. We had responsibly reported that finding (CVE-2017-0648) to Google, that patched it in the June 2017 Android Security Bulletin.
In this blog post we will begin with a short recap of CVE-2017-0510, analyze why its original patch is insufficient (CVE-2017-0648), and demonstrate a sample attack against it. We will end by presenting CVE-2017-0648's patch, which seems to completely block the attack.
Recap of CVE-2017-0510
It's a common practice in Google Nexus / Pixel devices that when the voltage on the MIC pin of the TRRS connector exceeds some threshold, the headphone jack turns into a UART debug interface (see our survey). Here is a sample cable we assembled using the standard FTDI232RL breakout board:
The vulnerability in Nexus 9 was that the debug interface also gave access to a capable FIQ debugger:
<hit enter to activate fiq debugger> debug> help FIQ Debugger commands: pc PC status regs Register dump allregs Extended Register dump bt Stack trace reboot [<c>] Reboot with command <c> reset [<c>] Hard reset with command <c> irqs Interupt status kmsg Kernel log version Kernel version sleep Allow sleep while in FIQ nosleep Disable sleep while in FIQ console Switch terminal to console cpu Current CPU cpu <number> Switch to CPU<number> ps Process list sysrq sysrq options sysrq <param> Execute sysrq with <param>
That had interesting consequences, such as:
CVE-2017-0510's Attempted Patch
Google has tried to patch CVE-2017-0510 by reducing the capabilities of the FIQ Debugger . In recent builds since the patch, when the platform is fully loaded, it is no longer possible to dump the registers nor reboot with an oem-N parameter (preventing reboots into HBOOT and Factory Resets):
debug> help FIQ Debugger commands: reboot Reboot reset Hard reset irqs Interrupt status sleep Allow sleep while in FIQ nosleep Disable sleep while in FIQ console Switch terminal to console ps Process list debug>
The relevant commit in the tegra kernel tree is a075f8ab69f6. Analyzing the patch shows that the critical FIQ debugger commands are now governed by the sysrq_on() function. For example, let's examine fiq_debugger_fiq_exec under fiq_debugger.c:
static bool fiq_debugger_fiq_exec ( struct fiq_debugger_state * state , const char * cmd , const struct pt_regs * regs , void * svc_sp ) { [...] } else if ( ! strcmp ( cmd , "pc" )) { if ( sysrq_on ()) fiq_debugger_dump_pc ( & state -> output , regs ); } else if ( ! strcmp ( cmd , "regs" )) { if ( sysrq_on ()) fiq_debugger_dump_regs ( & state -> output , regs ); } else if ( ! strcmp ( cmd , "allregs" )) { if ( sysrq_on ()) fiq_debugger_dump_allregs ( & state -> output , regs ); } else if ( ! strcmp ( cmd , "bt" )) { if ( sysrq_on ()) fiq_debugger_dump_stacktrace ( & state -> output , regs , 100 , svc_sp ); [...] }
sysrq_on is implemented under drivers/tty/sysrq.c as follows:
bool sysrq_on ( void ) { return sysrq_enabled || sysrq_always_enabled ; }
Since the value of sysrq_always_enabled is 0, we can conclude that the effectiveness of this patch solely depends on the value of sysrq_enabled .
Ephemeral Access to Unrestricted FIQ Debugger and SysRq (CVE-2017-0648)
Unfortunately, as explained in the previous blog post, the default value of sysrq_enabled was 1:
static int __read_mostly sysrq_enabled = SYSRQ_DEFAULT_ENABLE ;
where under include/linux/sysrq.h :
/* Enable/disable SYSRQ support by default (0==no, 1==yes). */ #define SYSRQ_DEFAULT_ENABLE 1
Now, during the platform boot-up, an init script writes 0 to /proc/sys/kernel/sysrq :
[...] on early - init # Set init and its forked children's oom_adj. write / proc / 1 / oom_score_adj - 1000 # Disable sysrq from keyboard write / proc / sys / kernel / sysrq 0 [...]
The /proc/sys/kernel/sysrq proc file is backed by code under kernel/sysctl.c that eventually toggles sysrq_enabled .
Therefore, despite CVE-2017-0510's patch, there was a very short window of time (a few milliseconds) during boot, until the init script was executed, that one could still access the unrestricted FIQ debugger (and also SysRq commands). Since the attacker could force a reboot even from the limited FIQ debugger, they could access the unrestricted FIQ even if the victim inserted the malicious cable after the platform had been fully loaded:
Ephemeral Access to Unrestricted FIQ and SysRq (CVE-2017-0648) ============================================================= .------. (1) .------------------. .--> | BOOT | -------> | Unrestricted FIQ | --. | `------' `---------.--------' | (4) .-------. | | |---> | HBOOT | | (3) .-------------. (2) | | `-------' `--------- | Limited FIQ | <-----' | `-------------' | (5) .---------------. `---> | Factory Reset | `---------------' Transitions: (1) sysrq_enabled = SYSRQ_DEFAULT_ENABLE = 1 (2) init: write 0 /proc/sys/kernel/sysrq 0 => sysrq_enabled = 0 (3) attacker @ limited FIQ: 'reboot' (4) attacker @ unrestricted FIQ: 'reboot oem-42' (5) attacker @ unrestricted FIQ: 'reboot oem-76'
It should be noted that the recovery init.rc script does not disable sysrq at all, which allowed for non-ephemeral unrestricted FIQ access while the device was in the recovery mode. (It also mitigated by the new patch.)
Proof-of-Concept
The following demonstrates how we preempt an arbitrary process, and also get into the HBOOT mode, bypassing CVE-2017-0510's patch. We assume the attack begins when the platform is fully-loaded. We force a (normal) reboot, and then get an early and temporary access to the FIQ debugger, during which we issue the capable-FIQ bt command. Afterwards we reboot into the HBOOT mode by issuing reboot oem-42 :
debug> help FIQ Debugger commands: reboot Reboot reset Hard reset irqs Interrupt status sleep Allow sleep while in FIQ nosleep Disable sleep while in FIQ console Switch terminal to console ps Process list debug> bt debug> reboot debug> [0000.045] Battery Present [0000.069] Battery Voltage: 3743 mV [0000.072] Battery charge sufficient [0000.076] Override BCT configs [0000.078] NvBootEmcReadMrr+++ [...] [hboot query] query 24 is not implemented Platform Pre OS Boot configuration... [INFO] booting linux @ 0x80080000, tags @ 0x83a80000, ramdisk @ 0x82a80000, machine type: -1 [...] <hit enter to activate fiq debugger> debug> help FIQ Debugger commands: pc PC status regs Register dump allregs Extended Register dump bt Stack trace reboot [<c>] Reboot with command <c> reset [<c>] Hard reset with command <c> irqs Interupt status kmsg Kernel log version Kernel version sleep Allow sleep while in FIQ nosleep Disable sleep while in FIQ console Switch terminal to console cpu Current CPU cpu <number> Switch to CPU<number> ps Process list sysrq sysrq options sysrq <param> Execute sysrq with <param> [...] debug> bt pid: 89 comm: kworker/u4:1 x0 0000000000002ee0 x1 0000000000002d09 x2 000000000859c84a x3 ffffffc002968c00 x4 0000000000defde8 x5 ffffffc000f56aa8 x6 ffffffc0029c8400 x7 ffffffc0029c8800 x8 ffffffc002935130 x9 0000000010624dd3 x10 000000000001a1b6 x11 0000000000000066 x12 000000000000006f x13 0000000000000075 x14 000000000000006e x15 0000000000000064 x16 000000000000000a x17 0000000000000004 [...] debug> reboot oem-42 [...] ###[ Bootloader Mode ]### [...] hboot> ? #. <command> : <brief description> security_command: 1. boot : no desc. [...] 14. readconfig : no desc. 15. readimei : no desc. 16. readmeid : no desc. 17. readpid : no desc. 18. rebootRUU : no desc. 19. refurbish : no desc. 20. reset : no desc. [...] hboot>
CVE-2017-0648's Patch
Google has patched the vulnerability by commit 34597d088801 (available in the N9F27C June 2017 build. The value of SYSRQ_DEFAULT_ENABLE is now 0, preventing the temporary access to the unrestricted FIQ debugger and SysRq interface:
At least two White House officials were privately critical of the full remarks made by former Department of Agriculture official Shirley Sherrod at an NAACP event in March 2010, new emails show.
Sherrod was forced to resign their position at the USDA after a two-and-a-half minute clip of their 40-plus minute speech, which focused heavily on racial topics, was posted online by Andrew Breitbart on July 19, 2010.
“It's not the most enlightened view of race,” wrote White House cabinet secretary Christopher Lu in a July 21, 2010 email to then-White House press secretary Robert Gibbs. Gibbs had asked Lu if they viewed the full video of Sherrod's speech, which they gave at an NAACP event in Georgia.
In the portion of the speech first published by Breitbart, Sherrod, who is black, told of an encounter they had in 1986 while working at a non-profit with a white farmer who was faced with losing their property. Sherrod said the man acting as if they were superior to her, so they decided to withhold the “full force” of help that they could provide.
After those remarks came to light, USDA Sec. Tom Vilsack accepted Sherrod's resignation, which was essentially coerced out of them
But the full video of Sherrod's speech surfaced the next day showing that Sherrod told the story about the white farmer in order to make a larger point about racial reconciliation. Both the USDA and White House adamantly apologized to Sherrod and offered them a new position after the full video was released.
Though the full video provided more context and showed that Sherrod was not bragging about racist behavior, the new emails show that Lu and Gibbs still did not believe their remarks were appropriate for a federal official. Those sentiments were never stated publicly.
“If this draft speech went through the clearance process, we'd never let them give it,” Lu wrote in their email to Gibbs. “We're trying to get it transcribed now. I suspect when the whole thing gets examined, won't look good for Sherrod.”
Gibbs forwarded those comments to senior White House adviser Valerie Jarrett, adding their own commentary.
“Full of stereotypes and broad generalizations about race, and what I believe is a flawed recitation of race relations in this country,” wrote Gibbs.
“Probably in the eyes of the beholder,” Jarrett responded.
The emails between the three White House aides were released last Friday in a court filing pertaining to a defamation lawsuit Sherrod filed against Breitbart and their video editor, Larry O'Connor, in 2011. When Breitbart died unexpectedly in 2012, Sherrod transferred the suit to their wife, Susannah.
The White House officials' private criticism of Sherrod's full comments are at odds with their public stance, lawyers for Breitbart and O'Connor argue in their brief.
“The White House emails reflect a tension between what was being stated internally versus what was being stated publicly by the White House and Secretary Vilsack about Mrs. Sherrod's speech,” claim attorneys for Breitbart and O'Connor in Friday's filing.
The attorneys claim Breitbart published the video to show the NAACP audience's reaction to Sherrod's remarks about withholding help from the white farmer. Some in the audience appeared to approve of their treatment of the farmer. Breitbart was attempting to make the point that the NAACP was inconsistent in its views on race, as the organization had just days before the publication of the video condemned tea party groups' for allegedly tolerating racism among its members, the attorneys have argued.
Breitbart maintained, as the attorneys do now, that the publication of the video was never intended for Sherrod to lose their job and that it was White House and USDA officials' rush to judgement that led to their removal.
Whether Breitbart or O'Connor helped cause Sherrod's forced resignation is a secondary defense, the attorneys claim. They argue Sherrod's suit has no merit in the first place because the publication of the video, which was paired with a 1,000-word blog post written by Breitbart, is protected speech. (RELATED: White House Gave The ‘Go-Ahead' To Force Shirley Sherrod To Resign)
The new emails were included in a larger batch of documents first reported by The Associated Press on Monday.
In that report, the AP picked up on another White House inconsistency.
In an email sent on the day the first video clip was published, Vilsack said they were waiting for the “go-ahead” from the White House to accept Sherrod's resignation.
That email conflicts with statements made by Vilsack and White House officials, including Gibbs and their successor, Jay Carney, all of whom claimed the decision to force Sherrod's resignation was solely Vilsack's.
To further their claim that the White House and the USDA rushed to judgement to fire Sherrod, the Breitbart and O'Connor attorneys also point out in their brief that Sherrod told USDA officials before their forced ouster that there was more context to their NAACP speech that was not included in the first video.
Sherrod's boss, Dallas Tonsager, conveyed that point to Vilsack even before Sherrod's resignation was secured.
“Shirley explained to [USDA official] Cheryl [Cook] that this piece of tape shows only one small part of a longer story they told of their personal transformation beyond race.”
Despite their awareness that Sherrod might have exculpatory evidence to save their job, USDA and White House officials pushed for their resignation anyway.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
During the Brazilian Grand Prix, reports that Robert Kubica and Williams had reached an agreement regarding the team's second race seat for the 2018 season circulated in the paddock, and was quickly picked up by multiple media outlets. Both Canal and Formula 1 journalist Albert Fabrega reported the story, but it appears that neither contacted the team for confirmation, as a Williams spokesperson told The Drive that these claims are "completely untrue." The relationship between the Polish driver and the team continues to escalate, however, with multiple sources hinting that Kubica will test yet again with Williams, with plans for an appearance after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to both Autosport and Williams' technical director Paddy Lowe.
Lowe revealed that the rumors alleging that Kubica would get another chance with the team in Abu Dhabi had some substance to them. In an interview with Sky Sport Germany, Sascha Roos asked Lowe about these claims, and Lowe responded with news that is sure to excite Robert's fans.
"Yeah, almost certainly we will give them one of the tire test days after Abu Dhabi," said Lowe to Sky Sport, "this is a subject that's getting a lot of attention, I notice, but it's something we're working on internally, so we won't tell anyone what we're doing at this stage."
Shape-shifting bodies. Cracking voices. Hairs sprouting in new places. Puberty marks a dramatic period of change for young people. Now new research shows children who grow up in poor homes enter puberty early.
Not only do they experience more emotional, behavioral and social problems compared to their peers, early puberty puts them at risk of a range of health issues for the rest of their lives.
The research, published today in the journal Pediatrics, adds to a body of work showing the cumulative effect of adversity in childhood can have lifelong physical, mental and behavioral repercussions.
However, the reason why these disadvantaged children enter puberty early remains unclear. And work is continuing to pinpoint factors that trigger the cascade of hormones that mark this critical period of development.
What is puberty?
Puberty is an inherently awkward transition in which a child's body matures to allow reproduction.
In girls, it typically begins with breast development between the ages of eight and 13 and ends with menarche, or the first period. In boys, puberty begins between ages nine and 14, on average, starting with growth of the sexual organs and wrapping up with facial hair and a deepened voice.
We still don't know exactly what triggers the cascade of hormone secretions that, over time, produces these tell-tale changes. And “What triggers puberty?” was one of the 125 questions posed in Science magazine's 125th anniversary edition in 2005 that still remains unanswered today. But changes at puberty are not all physical. Puberty also triggers rapid biological and social change, and increasing risk for psychological health problems, like depression and anxiety, substance use and abuse, self-harm and eating disorders.
In particular, we still don't know exactly what causes some children to enter puberty earlier than others, although there have been many factors linked to early puberty.
These include childhood obesity, being born small for gestational age and exposure to environmental chemicals. Other researchers have linked early puberty with living with a stepfather or having experienced stressful life events, such as childhood maltreatment and abuse.
What we did
Previous studies looking into social impacts on the timing of puberty have had mixed results. While one Indian study found poor girls started their periods later than normal, a UK study found girls who grew up the poorest were twice as likely to have started their periods earlier than the richest.
So, we carried out the first study of its kind in Australia to see how cumulative exposure to social disadvantage affected the age children entered puberty.
We asked parents of 3,700 children in the Growing Up in Australia Study to report signs of their children's puberty at age eight to nine, and then again at ten to 11. Signs included: a growth spurt, pubic hair and skin changes; breast growth and menstruation in girls; and voice deepening and facial hair in boys.
We then compared the family's socioeconomic position – as measured by their parent's annual income, education and employment – of those who started puberty early with others who started on time.
At ten to 11 years old, about 19% of boys and 21% of girls were classified in the early puberty group. In other words, they had entered puberty earlier compared to their counterparts.
Boys from very disadvantaged homes had a four-fold increase in the rate of early puberty, while girls' risk increased nearly two-fold compared with kids that came from the richest families.
How could this happen?
Research on the biology of stress shows how major adversity, like extreme poverty, can permanently set the body's stress response to high alert, affecting the brain's circuits. This might, in turn, influence how reproductive hormones are regulated, so affecting the timing and trajectory of puberty.
Another body of research suggests the social environment can influence so-called epigenetic changes in our genes. These changes might affect the regulation of genes involved in reproductive development, switching some on or off sooner than usual.
Another theory is that in the face of hardship—for instance, economic disadvantage, harsh physical environment, the absence of a father—children may be programmed to start the reproductive process earlier to ensure their genes are passed on to the next generation.
Yet, we still don't know exactly how poverty or disadvantage triggers early puberty.
Why this matters
What we do know, however, is early puberty is linked with a range of health issues.
For instance, in girls, it's linked with emotional, behavioral and social problems during adolescence including: depressive disorders, substance disorders, eating disorders and earlier-than-usual displays of sexuality.
Early puberty also affects people's health far beyond their teenage years. It places them at a greater risk of developing obesity, reproductive cancers and cardiometabolic diseases (diabetes, heart disease or stroke) in later life.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Mission Reports
For 14 years, Spaceflight Now has been providing unrivaled coverage of U.S. space launches. Comprehensive reports and voluminous amounts of video are available in our archives.
Space Shuttle
Atlas | Delta | Pegasus
Minotaur | Taurus | Falcon
Titan
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest space news e-mailed direct to your desktop.
Enter your e-mail address:
Privacy note: your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose.
Advertisement
Space Books
NASA teams deploy to Kazakhstan for Soyuz landing
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted: March 7, 2014
As diplomatic tensions flare over Russia's armed incursion into Ukraine, preparations for Monday's landing of two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut continue unabated as recovery crews converge on the Kazakhstan touchdown zone.
Expedition 38 crew members pose for an in-flight crew portrait in the Kibo laboratory of the International Space Station. Pictured on the front row are Russian cosmonaut Oleg Kotov (center), commander; NASA astronaut Mike Hopkins (left) and Russian cosmonaut Sergey Ryazanskiy, both flight engineers. Pictured on the back row (from the left) are Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Tyurin, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Koichi Wakata and NASA astronaut Rick Mastracchio, all flight engineers. Photo credit: NASA
Nearly two dozen NASA officials and medical personnel are on the way to Kazakhstan to greet the three-man crew, led by veteran Russian commander Oleg Kotov, a native of the Crimea region at the center of a standoff between Russian forces and the Ukrainian government. The NASA team joins the Russian-led recovery crew, which consists of a fleet of helicopters, fixed-wing surveillance aircraft, and all-terrain ground vehicles to quickly reach the Soyuz capsule after it parachutes to Earth. Speaking in a conference call with reporters this week, NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said the space station program has been resilient to international crises since Russian formally joined the effort in 1993. "I think people lose track of the fact that we have occupied the International Space Station now for 13 consecutive years uninterrupted, and that has been through multiple international crises," Bolden said. "I don't think it's an insignificant fact that we are starting to see a number of people with the idea that the International Space Station be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. It's not trivial." Kotov will be accompanied by Russian cosmonaut Sergey Ryazanskiy and NASA astronaut Michael Hopkins, who are in the final weekend of a 166-day mission aboard the International Space Station.
Carrying Russian and U.S. recovery teams, Russian helicopters are seen over Kazakhstan in this file photo from a previous Soyuz landing campaign. Photo credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi
The trio launched Sept. 25 from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan and arrived at the 450-ton orbiting outpost six hours later. Part of the space station's Expedition 37 and 38 crews, Kotov, Ryazanskiy and Hopkins presided over the arrivals and departures of Russian Progress resupply ships, Japanese and European cargo freighters, and two commercial logistics missions flown by Orbital Sciences Corp. Kotov and Ryazanskiy teamed up for three spacewalks, including a Nov. 9 excursion with the Olympic torch in a high-flying photo opportunity ahead of Russia's Sochi games. Hopkins logged two spacewalks with NASA astronaut Richard Mastracchio in December to replace a balky ammonia coolant pump on the space station's truss backbone. In the last few days, the three-man crew completed fit checks with their Sokol re-entry spacesuits and a descent drill to practice procedures for the Soyuz spacecraft's undocking and landing. Kotov and Ryazanskiy also tested the Soyuz spacecraft's motion control and navigation systems Friday.
File photo of a Soyuz landing. Photo credit: NASA/Carla Cioffi
The crew will enter their Soyuz TMA-10M capsule again Monday and close hatches between the spacecraft and the space station's Poisk module around 2045 GMT (4:45 p.m. EDT). Undocking is set for 0002 GMT Tuesday (8:02 p.m. EDT), followed by a burn of the Soyuz rocket thrusters at 0230 GMT (10:30 p.m. EDT) to slow the craft's velocity enough to fall back into the atmosphere. The spacecraft's propulsion and orbital habitation modules will jettison from the landing section, where the three-man crew will be positioned for re-entry, at 0258 GMT (10:58 p.m. EDT). Touchdown southeast of the town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan is scheduled for 0324 GMT (11:24 p.m. EDT), or 9:24 a.m. Tuesday at the landing site. Astronaut Koichi Wakata will take over command of the space station from Kotov, becoming the first Japanese astronaut to lead a crew aboard the complex. Wakata, Mastracchio and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Tyurin, set for return to Earth in mid-May, will be joined by three fresh residents March 25 to boost the station's crew complement back to six. Veteran shuttle astronaut Steven Swanson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Oleg Artemyev will begin another six-month rotation on the space station. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Researchers have “fingerprinted” the white matter of the human brain using a new diffusion MRI method, mapping the brain's connections (the connectome) at a more detailed level than ever before. They confirmed that structural connections in the brain are unique to each individual person and the connections were able to identify a person with nearly 100% accuracy.
The new method could provide biomarkers to help researchers determine how factors such as disease, the environment, genetic and social factors, and different experiences impact the brain and change over time.
“This means that many of your life experiences are somehow reflected in the connectivity of your brain,” said Timothy Verstynen, an assistant professor of psychology at Carnegie Mellon University and senior author of the study, published in open-access PLOS Computational Biology.
The local connectome: a personal biomarker
For the study, the researchers used diffusion MRI to measure the local connectome of 699 brains from five data sets. The local connectome is the point-by-point connections along all of the white matter pathways in the brain, as opposed to the connections between brain regions. To create a fingerprint for each person, they used the diffusion MRI data to calculate the distribution of water diffusion along the cerebral white matter's fibers.*
The measurements revealed the local connectome is highly unique to an individual and can be used as a personal biomarker for human identity. To test the uniqueness, the team ran more than 17,000 identification tests. With nearly 100 percent accuracy, they were able to tell whether two local connectomes, or brain “fingerprints,” came from the same person or not.
Curiously, they discovered that identical twins only share about 12 percent of structural connectivity patterns and the brain's unique local connectome is sculpted over time, changing at an average rate of 13 percent every 100 days.
Decoding unexplored connectome data
“The most exciting part is that we can apply this new method to existing data and reveal new information that is already sitting there unexplored. The higher specificity allows us to reliably study how genetic and environmental factors shape the human brain over time, thereby opening a gate to understand how the human brain functions or dysfunctions,” said Fang-Cheng (Frank) Yeh, the study's first author and now an assistant professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh.
So we can start to look at how shared experiences — for example, poverty, or people who have the same pathological disease — are reflected in their brain connections, which could lead to new medical biomarkers for certain health concerns.
The team included researchers at the U.S. Army Research Laboratory, the University of Pittsburgh, the National Taiwan University, and the University of California, Santa Barbara. The Army Research Laboratory funded this research, which was supported by NSF BIGDATA, WU-Minn Consortium, the Ruentex Group, the Ministry of Economic Affairs, Taiwan, and National Institutes of Health.
* The local connectome is defined as the degree of connectivity between adjacent voxels within a white matter fascicle measured by the density of the diffusing water. A collection of these density measurements provides a high-dimensional feature vector that can describe the unique configuration of the structural connectome within an individual, providing a novel approach for comparing differences and similarities between individuals as pairwise distances. To evaluate the performance of this approach, the researchers used four independently collected diffusion MRI datasets with repeat scans at different time intervals (ranging from the same day to a year) to examine whether local connectome fingerprints can reliably distinguish the difference between within-subject and between-subject scans.
Abstract of Quantifying Differences and Similarities in Whole-Brain White Matter Architecture Using Local Connectome Fingerprints
Quantifying differences or similarities in connectomes has been a challenge due to the immense complexity of global brain networks. Here we introduce a noninvasive method that uses diffusion MRI to characterize whole-brain white matter architecture as a single local connectome fingerprint that allows for a direct comparison between structural connectomes. In four independently acquired data sets with repeated scans (total N = 213), we show that the local connectome fingerprint is highly specific to an individual, allowing for an accurate self-versus-others classification that achieved 100% accuracy across 17,398 identification tests. The estimated classification error was approximately one thousand times smaller than fingerprints derived from diffusivity-based measures or region-to-region connectivity patterns for repeat scans acquired within 3 months. The local connectome fingerprint also revealed neuroplasticity within an individual reflected as a decreasing trend in self-similarity across time, whereas this change was not observed in the diffusivity measures. Moreover, the local connectome fingerprint can be used as a phenotypic marker, revealing 12.51% similarity between monozygotic twins, 5.14% between dizygotic twins, and 4.51% between none-twin siblings, relative to differences between unrelated subjects. This novel approach opens a new door for probing the influence of pathological, genetic, social, or environmental factors on the unique configuration of the human connectome.
Spread the love
South Padre Island, TX — It was recently reported that spring break celebrations will be monitored by police drones. For generations, college students have been able to blow off some steam during spring break in relative safety. Even in the past, students who went on vacation to party, had a better chance of getting arrested than they did of getting hurt or mugged.
Police encounters are the greatest danger that spring breakers face while they are on vacation, and it has become even worse in the modern police state.
As 25,000 college students expect to attend the spring break festivities, the South Padre Island Police Department recently announced that they will be using drones to monitor partiers during spring break this year.
“It's going to give us a bird's eye view when we need it,” city spokesperson Gary Ainsworth told the Valley Morning Star.
“It's a 4K camera, so it's crystal clear,” they added.
Police Chief Randy Smith insisted that the drones will be used for mostly rescue missions. “We can use it for beach patrol. We're looking at deploying some that have a safety feature that releases a life jacket over a subject that is in distress,” Smith said.
However, it is obvious that the police will be more interested in scanning the crowd for drug users, underage drinkers, and nonviolent people who are just trying to have a good time.
On the ground, the events will be patrolled by city police, state troopers, officials from the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission and Texas Parks and Wildlife game wardens, all of whom will likely be more interested in writing tickets than they are with helping people.
It was reported by the Chron that the city is planning on keeping these drones and using them in the future.
Police drones are becoming more commonplace as the technology becomes available to departments across the country, making it possible for officers to have their eyes on everyone at all times. Orwell's 1984 is quickly becoming a reality.
John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. They also have a publishing company where they offer a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page. You can purchase their books, or get your own book published at their website www.JohnVibes.com.
Have you ever wondered what it'd be like if your fave Disney Princesses existed IRL? You'd totally be BFFs with Anna, right? Well, a brilliant artist on Tumblr named Punziella (via Buzzfeed) gave some of your favorite fairytale characters a modern makeover, so you can see what they'd look like if Disney royalty really rocked your school halls. We have to say, we're reallydigging Merida's edgy vibe—um, can we get that outfit??
Check out some of Punziella's incredible creations below!
The impossibly adorable Anna from Frozen. Girl knows how to accessorize!
And you can't forget their super-stylish sister Elsa (who's all about the monochromatic look)!
And then we have the awesome casts of Tangled and Brave, or the super cool kids you totally want to sit with at lunch.
We mean, really. How major are Merida's outfits?
And we're dying over Rapunzel's super sweet look.
Basically we want to be besties with all of them IMMEDIATELY—and then raid their wardrobes!
Save this article for later by pinning the image below, and follow Seventeen.com on Pinterest for more:
Punziella/Dana Tepper
MORE:
8 Disney Princesses Completely Reimagined
Guess Which Frozen Character Is The Most Popular Disney Princess Of All Time
5 Prom Dresses Inspired By Disney Princesses
Share. Still plenty of time to add to the pot. Still plenty of time to add to the pot.
Yooka-Laylee has become the fastest video game project to hit $1 million USD on Kickstarter.
It took six hours for the Playtonic Games' spiritual successor to Banjo-Kazooie to accomplish the feat, beating the previous Kickstarter record of seven hours held by Torment: Tides of Numenara, as spotted by a NeoGAF poster.
To date, the Yooka-Laylee Kickstarter campaign has earned over $1.3 million USD, with 44 days to go.
Exit Theatre Mode
By comparison, the Veronica Mars movie raised $1 million in 4 hours and 24 minutes and the Pebble Time hit the same dollar amount in just 30 minutes, according to Statista, an online statistics portal.
Yooka-Laylee was funded in 40 minutes, meeting its $270 thousand goal. The lead characters Yooka and Laylee were revealed a day before Playtonic, a studio comprised of the creative team behind Banjo-Kazooie, kicked off its crowdfunding campaign.
In other related news, Rare is reportedly ready to show it's next game at E3. However, there's no word on what that game might be.
Michael Martin is a freelance writer from Seattle who is hopelessly addicted to pop culture t-shirts. Send help on Twitter.
War in Syria prevents bird migration
ŞANIURFA – Anadolu Agency
AA photo
A number of critically endangered northern bald ibises, considered a “symbol of abundance” in the southeastern province of Şanlıurfa, are waiting for the war in Syria to end before they migrate.The Bald İbis Reproduction Center, which was established in 1977 in the city's Birecik district, carries out efforts to allow these birds to survive and reproduce.The center feeds them a special diet including fat-free ground meat, boiled eggs, grated carrots, chicken feed and unsalted cheese.In the spring months, when the birds' reproduction season begins, the bald ibises are released into their natural habitat on the banks of the Fırat River but when the migration season starts, they are collected and put into cages to prevent them from migrating to the Middle East.The birds are being followed daily by teams from the General Directorate of Nature Conversation and National Parks. With transmitters on their feet, the birds will only be sent on their migration routes after the war in Syria and the conflicts in the Middle East end.General Directorate of Nature Conversation and National Parks 3rd Region Director İsrafil Erdoğan said thanks to their efforts, the number of animals at the station has been increasing every year.He said the birds in the station were closely monitored, and added, “Because of disinfestation against malaria and other diseases in the 1950s, biological diversity disappeared. Bald ibises are in danger of extinction in the world. In Turkey they are only living in Birecik. Eleven birds were caught in 1977 and put into the station. Now the number is 205.”Erdoğan said they had observed in previous years that dangerous chemicals in materials the birds had collected to make their nests had caused them to die. “This is why we provide the materials for these birds to make their nests,” they said.Erdoğan said in previous years the bald ibises were allowed to migrate with transmitters on their feet but some of them did not come back. “We took measures to prevent loss this year,” they said, and continued:“These are migratory birds. We put transmitters [on their feet] in previous years in order to understand which route they followed during their migration. Our inspections showed that some of them were shot by hunters and some died on their route, because they fly over Syria and come back to Birecik in the spring months. Because of conflicts in the region, we decided not to allow them to migrate. When the [migration] season comes, we put these birds in cages to prevent migration. During this process, we feed them. Officials are very sensitive about this issue. Their feces are analyzed every day to see if there is a disease [present in the birds]. If a disease is found, all of them receive care and are treated. If peace comes to the Middle East and we can be sure of their safety, we can send them out again to migrate in future years, but we won't let all of them go. We choose adults among them to preserve.”Erdoğan said they expected the number of bald ibises to increase at the station, adding they had taken measures against potential threats the animals could face.Northern bald ibises, which only exist in Turkey and Morocco, are scientifically known as “geronticus eremita” and have a bald head and hair on their neck. They survive on the banks of the Fırat River in Birecik and eat beetles and reptiles.
2001 soundtrack album by Various artists
Professional ratings Review scores Source Rating AllMusic [1]
Exit Wounds: The Album is the soundtrack to Andrzej Bartkowiak's 2001 film Exit Wounds. It was released on March 20, 2001, four days after the film, through Blackground Records and Virgin Records with distribution via Warner Bros. Records, and consists primarily of hip hop music. The album composed of seventeen songs and features performances by the film star DMX, as well as Black Child, Drag-On, Ja Rule, Lady Luck, Mack 10, Memphis Bleek, Nas, Redman, Sheek Louch, Styles P, Three 6 Mafia, Trick Daddy, Trina, and WC among others. American rapper Christian "Yung Berg" Ward, then known as Iceberg, made their debut on this soundtrack on the track "Dog 4 Life".
The album peaked at number 8 on the Billboard 200 and at number 5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums in the United States. It spawned a one charting single, "No Sunshine", which made it to #67 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. "No Sunshine" is used as the entrance music of former UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva.
Track listing [ edit ]
Notes
Track #1 contains an interpolation of "Ain't No Sunshine" by Bill Withers
Charts [ edit ]
As Americans prepare their festive – or aggressive – holiday shopping plans, hundreds of thousands of temporary workers around the country are counting on two months of long hours and few rights in warehouses or checkout lines, in what has become the norm for seasonal workers in the country.
Amazon has announced that it will hire 80,000 workers this holiday season to meet their demand for labour when sales go up. The online retailer joins others such as Walmart, Gap, UPS and FedEx who are recruiting similar numbers of workers for the spike in year-end sales.
The US supreme court heard a case with employees suing a staffing agency for Amazon, asking to be compensated for the times they spent on security checks.
Workers at Amazon slog gruelling 10-12 hour shifts, which keep them on their feet and walking 5-10 miles a day with two timed 15-minute breaks besides a 30-minute lunch break. While staffing agency advertisements promise “up to $14 an hour”, Amazon pays its workers an average rate of $11 an hour. Workers also have to spend nearly 30 minutes every day queueing for the post-shift security check, in place to ensure no items from Amazon's inventory have been stolen. Amazon does not pay employees for this time.
The supreme court will probably rule against the workers thanks to an employer-friendly technicality. According to federal law, the security checks are considered “preliminary” activity that are not “integral” and “indispensable” to the actual work that Amazon's employees perform, even if Amazon has made them mandatory, to protect their own interests.
The seasonal workers, many of whom are homeless campers and senior citizens with no retirement investments, will not find recourse through the law. The “employment at will” legal nature of jobs leaves the worker with no presumptive job protection.
How the employee is treated, therefore, comes down to the perceived value of the worker. “It puts them in a tough position” says Paul DeCamp of Washington law firm Jackson Lewis PC, referring to seasonal workers who are often low-skilled and without high educational qualifications.
The good news? Permanent employees don't have it any better. The protections offered for seasonal employees by labour laws in the US are the same as those of full-time permanent employees, explains DeCamp.
While they agree that seasonal employees may be particularly vulnerable, the law can't offer higher protections to temp workers. Permanent employees who have worked with organisations for longer terms would argue that they ought to have higher privileges. “Where you stand on the issue depends on where you sit,” says DeCamp.
This seeming equivalence in laws for seasonal and permanent workers is not balance. It is hard to picture how low-pay and long hours will allow for these workers to move up the professional chain, staying on in a cyclical assortment of seasonal jobs.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest President Barack Obama speaks about raising the minimum wage during a visit to a Costco store in Maryland. Photograph: Charles Dharapak/AP
The US has developed an environment where workers can't expect many protections, says labour economist Mark Price. They say the current situation has been 30 years in the making. The rights of workers are not high priority when the labour market freely offers surplus temps. Seasonal workers are considered dispensable and replaceable. But Price points that the problem may be larger.
“It's part of American culture,” concedes Price disappointedly, referring to generations of managers taught to disregard the needs of individual workers.
With no special protections from the law, a supreme court that may rule against them, seasonal employers have no unions doing their bidding.
But it's not unreasonable to expect employers to improve the pay and treatment of workers, says Price. Costco has been relatively better in investing in their workers, they say. The wholesale retailer pays its new employees a starting wage of $11.50 an hour, and the average cashier's pay is $20 an hour. The Container Store pays its cashiers $50,000 a year.
Costco pays its employees more than Sam's Club, its Walmart-owned competitor, and manages to remain competitive and profitable. Investing in worker wellbeing results in higher productivity and is in a company's own best interests, said Price.
Several retail CEOs including Costco's Craig Jelinek went out in support of raising the minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10. Even as Walmart workers protested outside Alice Walton's New York apartment, CEO Douglas McMillon promised to abandon the minimum wage. Walmart pays its workers an average hourly wage $12.92.
“Maybe the answer to a lot of these questions are less about the law and more about what do we as a country want to do,” DeCamp concludes.
This week, perky pop star Meghan Trainor released their third video — after megahit “All About That Bass” and almost-as-mega-hit “Lips Are Movin” — titled “Dear Future Husband.”
The three minute clip features Trainor, clad as a jazzed up 50s housewife, detailing a list of demands for a potential suitor (while simultaneously, oddly, browsing dating app Plenty of Fish in a particularly glaring product placement).
For Trainor, who is 21, this nostalgic walk down the 1950s landscape of picket fences and pencil skirts exists as pure fantasy. In 2015, with female pop stars readily reclaiming sexual expression and empowering themselves through anthems free from male approval, do we really need Meghan Trainor's ode to chivalry and “tee-hee” chastity?
Real subtle.
I'm not so naive to think that this isn't all carefully crafted marketing strategy from their major label team at Epic. It's working, by the way — the video for body positive (or ‘bass' positive, at least) anthem “All About That Bass” has over 600 million views, and the ‘all men are liars' jam “Lips Are Movin” has over 180 million. Clearly, taking some sort of gendered stance and mixing that with a little friendly controversy (to get keyboards aflame with dissenting takes) is a formula that works.
And sure, on the surface, their message is fine. It's very “Go girl! Men will tell you you're not skinny enough and lie to you, but we're all in it together!” This new video, though, barely even attempts to put up that type of chipper facade.
“Dear Future Husband” features Trainor on the kitchen floor, curves accentuated in a skirt and heels, scrubbing with yellow gloves while sporting red lipstick. The overarching theme of the song is that Trainor will not sleep with their husband unless they meet their (very specific and frequently material) demands. Which, okay, yes, don't sleep with someone that treats you poorly, but really, maybe just don't hold sex as a bargaining chip.
Trainor kicks their heels on a bed, flanked by fit, young men (I guess the ‘it's okay to be a little bigger' message only applies if you're a girl, right?) and rattles off a list of the usuals — flowers, jewelry, and doors held open.
The most alarming lyric, though, comes while Trainor is splayed (so ridiculously — take your freaking heels off, christ) on the kitchen tiles, saying with just as much of a chipper wink as the rest of the song
“After every fight / Just apologize /
And maybe then I'll let you try and rock my body right.”
Wow, what?!
Trainor is speaking to their ideal future life partner here — they expect the two of them to fight, and subsequently for them to await an apology from their male counterpart before letting them “try” to sleep with them It's 2015, Meghan! Sex is a consensual, empowering, and even (shockingly, it seems) pleasurable act for women. It's not your collateral to coax your husband onto a slick chivalrous knee, nor is it a healthy attitude to preach to any woman listening along.
Yet Trainor seems to treat their body as currency throughout their music, chirping:
“I'll be sleeping on the left side of the bed /
Open doors for me and you might get some… kisses”
…replacing the implied rhyming euphemism for fellatio with a much more radio friendly smooch. Trainor is assuredly chaste, but willing to trade their feminine gifts for princess treatment. By ascribing a value to their body that is only referential in the eyes of men, Trainor teaches the listener to void their own parts of pleasure and engage in a transaction with their partner. Trainor seems to preach that a woman can trick their man into treating them with respect by collateralizing their uncontrollable animal desires. They simultaneously paint the man as brute and the woman as pseudo-savvy pristine merchant.
This is an ethos that seems to follow Trainor out of their pastel fantasy videos and into real life. She's professed that they don't consider themselves a feminist, and that she's saving a glimpse at their booty for whoever ‘gets' to date them Trainor, however, unlike most popstars, plays a real role in writing their own songs. They were a writer by trade for country singers before taking “All About That Bass” on as a single after being unable to place it with another artist. This is what makes them flippant, outdated sexism so dangerous — they seem to truly believe it.
Which is a shame, really, because it would be so amazing to have a thicker-than-your-average pop star who was actually sex-positive and pro-woman. Instead, Trainor paints the ‘classic and classy' woman as materialistic, pure, and decidedly adherent to the male gaze. Trainor's fantasy is one of a holier-than-thou housewife who doesn't derive pleasure from carnal activities but barters them to train their unaware husband. They preserve their sex as a precious gift to be wooed with rings given, doors held open, and flowers bestowed.
Hopefully, Meghan will come to realize that she's been siding on the wrong side of history, but in the meantime: Dear Meghan Trainor's future husband, find someone who will treat you with a little more respect.
The special counsel investigating Russian election meddling has requested extensive records and email correspondence from the White House, covering areas including the president's private discussions about firing their FBI director and their response to news that the then-national security adviser was under investigation, according to two people briefed on the requests.
White House lawyers are now working to turn over internal documents that span 13 categories that investigators for the special counsel have identified as critical to their probe, the people said. Special counsel Robert S. Mueller III, appointed in May in the wake of Trump's firing of FBI Director James B. Comey, took over the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and whether the Trump campaign coordinated with the Russians in that effort.
The list of requests was described in detail by two people briefed on them. Both insisted on anonymity to discuss a sensitive investigation. Some details of the requests were first reported Wednesday afternoon by the New York Times.
The requests broadly ask for any document or email related to a series of highly publicized incidents since Trump became president, including the ouster of national security adviser Michael Flynn and firing of Comey, the people said.
The list demonstrates Mueller's focus on key moments and actions by the president and close advisers that could shed light on whether Trump sought to block the FBI investigations of Flynn and of Russian interference.
Their team is also eyeing whether the president sought to obstruct the earlier Russia probe overseen by Comey.
The special counsel team's work in recent months has zeroed in on Paul Manafort, a former chairperson of the Trump campaign, and Flynn. An official close to the probe said both men are under investigation.
Mueller's agents have questioned witnesses and business associates of both men about whether the men sought to conceal the nature of consulting work they did that could have benefited foreign governments. In a raid of Manafort's home last month, agents sought to seize records related to Manafort's finances.
Over the past few weeks, White House lawyer Ty Cobb began sending records to the special counsel. Cobb is working within the White House to gather more of those documents and has told staffers and other lawyers that they hoped to turn over many more this week.
Cobb declined to discuss the subjects that Mueller's team has questioned them about.
"The White House doesn't comment on any communications between the White House and the Office of Special Counsel out of respect for the Office of Special Counsel and its process," Cobb said in a statement. "We are committed to cooperating fully. Beyond that I can't comment."
Mueller also asked for any email or document the White House holds that relates to Manafort, the people briefed on the requests said. Manafort resigned from the campaign before the election amid scrutiny of their work for a powerful Ukrainian political party aligned with the Russian government.
Mueller has requested that the White House turn over all internal communications and documents related to the FBI interview of Flynn in January, days after they took office, as well as any document that discusses Flynn's conversations with then­-Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in December. Mueller has also asked for records about meetings then-Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates held with White House counsel Don McGahn in late January to alert them to Justice Department concerns about Flynn, as well as all documents related to Flynn's subsequent ouster by the White House.
Regarding Comey, Mueller has asked for all documents related to meetings between Trump and Comey while Comey served at the FBI, records of any discussions regarding Comey's firing and any documents related to a statement by then-press secretary Sean Spicer made on the night Comey was fired. They have also asked for any documents related to a meeting Trump held in the Oval Office with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov the day after Comey was fired.
Mueller has also asked for all records related to the June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower with a Russian lawyer hosted by the president's son, as well as all documents related to the White House's response to the publication of accounts of that meeting in July 2017.
Mueller is moving as quickly as they can and is taking their mandate very seriously, one government official told The Washington Post. They believe for the moment that they have all the resources they need and that the office is now a fully formed agency vigorously using a grand jury for subpoenas and interviews, the official said.
"I am convinced that no matter where they end up, this investigation will run to completion even if they fire Mueller," the official said. "There is a feeling of inevitability now that we didn't have before — not of the outcome of the investigation but that there will be an outcome. There is no escaping this thing, whatever the conclusions."
Ellen Nakashima contributed to this report.
Art Briles won't be resuming their coaching career with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
The CFL and Ticats issued a joint statement Monday night saying Briles wouldn't be heading north. The Ticats touched off a media firestorm Monday morning by announcing Briles was joining new head coach June Jones' staff as an assistant head coach offence.
"Art Briles will no longer be joining the Hamilton Tiger-Cats as a coach," the statement said. "We came to this decision this evening following a lengthy discussion between the league and the Hamilton organization.
"We wish Mr. Briles all the best in their future endeavours."
Fired by Baylor in 2016
Briles, 61, was fired in May 2016 as Baylor's head football coach after an investigation discovered the school mishandled numerous sexual assault allegations, including some against football players. Hamilton CEO Scott Mitchell defending the hiring of Briles, saying the former NCAA head coach deserved a second chance.
Briles' appointment drew plenty of criticism on social media, including from Theo Fleury, the former NHL star who was sexually abused by their junior coach, Graham James.
"If you knew and didn't say anything then you are just as much a part of rape as the people who committed rape. Shame on .CFL," Fleury tweeted.
Many other people urged CFL commissioner Randy Ambrosie to step in and void Briles' hiring. Late on Monday, the league issued a statement regarding the matter.
"The commissioner is in continuing discussions with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats regarding the hiring of Art Briles as a coach," the statement said. "We will have no further comment until those discussions have concluded."
The Ticats didn't mention the circumstances of Briles' firing from Baylor in their release. And there were no comments regarding the hire from Jones, vice-president of football operations Kent Austin or owner Bob Young.
'Second chance'
Mitchell didn't immediately return a telephone message. But they told 3DownNation, a football blog, both Young and the CFL were well aware of Hamilton's intention to hire Briles and the organization had no intention of rescinding the move.
"This is about giving someone a second chance and we're committed to doing that," Mitchell said. "For every reaction that you're getting from social media and media, there's a tremendous amount of support behind the scenes for a tough decision.
"I think a lot of people in this world, including myself, have made bad decisions and have regrets and I certainly feel strongly that in this case, Art Briles deserves a second opportunity."
What's more, the Ticats announced the hiring of Briles on the same day as they were scheduled to host a women's football clinic.
Barry's Jewellers Ltd., one of the Ticats sponsors, denounced the hiring of Briles.
"We strongly condemn and urge the team's management and ownership to immediately sever any ties they may have," the sponsor said in a statement. "Mr. Briles may or may not have a valid coaching track record, but to choose the chance of winning football over the importance of values goes beyond our core values and is absolutely not acceptable."
The jewelry retailer said it will be donating a portion of its sales over the next two months to the Sexual Assault Centre of Hamilton.
Briles accumulated a 99-65 overall record as an NCAA head coach at Houston (2003-07) and Baylor (2008-15). They guided the Bears to Big 12 championships in 2013 and 2014 and coached the program's only Heisman winner, quarterback Robert Griffin III who ironically is on Hamilton's negotiation list.
Diversity is strength program
The hiring of Briles came at a time when the CFL was riding high on its wildly successful Diversity is Strength campaign. In fact, Ambrosie even spoke to CNN about the program, which was originally scheduled for launch this fall but was moved ahead following the violent protests in Charlottesville, Va., earlier this month.
But even with the decision to rescind Briles' hiring, two league officials said Monday night they feel the entire episode has undone most, if not all, of the positive PR generated by the Diversity is Strength program.
Hamilton (0-8) is the CFL's only winless team. Last week, Austin relinquished head-coaching duties and promoted Jones to that post.
Jones joined the Ticats following their embarrassing 60-1 road loss to the Calgary Stampeders on July 29.
Guest Post by: Charlotte Henley Bab
In writing about a fairy godmother, I've done a lot of thinking about the rules of magic. How magic works, what it can and can't do, and what it costs, is a pillar of all fantasy, whether set in an otherwhere or in the midst of an urban slum. In some ways, fantasy exists because of a tension between the “real” world of Newtonian physics and observable phenomena and the “fantasy” world of unseen energies, illusions, glamour, and quantum physics.
A symbolic oversimplification would describe this tension as Order and Chaos.Â According to nearly all creation stories around the planet, the Creative Intelligence (under whatever name) started with Chaos and created Order, the clockwork of the Universe.
But if you've read a lot of science fiction and fantasy, you'll note that the effects of Order can be as destructive as the randomness of Chaos. A dynamic balance must be maintained, and often those on the magical side must keep this balance. This view of order has developed with the Industrial Revolution and the concept of people as machine operators. Robots do a better job of controlling equipment when precision is needed, but people do better when judgment and skill is needed. Treating people like machines never works out well. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. Think about the last decade and the scandals in big banking and big business.
One trope of my magical system is that the temptations to do magic for oneself, to go into one's own story as both hero and magical helper, leads to becoming an evil queen/sorceress. The temptation to control others, to make them into puppets and minions always turns out badly because the one thing that most magic systems agree on is that love trumps magic. While a practitioner might make a love spell or potion, the result is at best an aphrodisiac, a glamour, which always fades to reveal the lie and the betrayal.
Fiona has fought this temptation for most of their life, as they are very powerful. They restrain herself, denying themselves the luxury of having things their way, although they have sent some of their former fairy godmothers into a story where their power is limited until the story plays out. And a few they have sent to their death at the claws of Grizelda the Troll.Â Fiona oversees the wishes being granted, but they do not try to control all the magic that might be done in Faery, and they have no jurisdiction anywhere else.
The limits Fiona has set for themselves have kept them from becoming evil.  They are also helped by their partner, Belle, so that they are not without love, and Belle's very practical nature, despite dealing with the mini-dimension of Twilight Lounge, keeps both Belle and Fiona grounded.
Maven tips the landscape a bit more toward Chaos, making the edges between the two a bit less defined, and opening up the possibility that a few more women will get their wishes granted. In their way, Maven keeps the dynamic balance of Order and Chaos from leaning too far to the side of order, rigidity and death.
Charlotte Henley Babb is the author of Maven Fairy Godmother: Through the Veil, available fromÂ Muse It Up Publishing (http://bit.ly/MavenFGM), Smashwords, Amazon and B&N. Them websites are http://charlottehenleybabb.com and http://mavenfairygodmother.com
Author Bio:
Charlotte Henley Babb is the author of Maven Fairy Godmother: Through the Veil, available fromÂ Muse It Up Publishing (http://bit.ly/MavenFGM), Smashwords, Amazon and B&N. Them websites are http://charlottehenleybabb.com and http://mavenfairygodmother.com
Blurb:
Mavenâ€™s new dream jobâ€“fairy godmotherâ€“presents more problems than they expect when they learn that Faery is on the verge of collapse, and the person who is training them isnâ€™t giving them the factsâ€“and may be out to kill them Will they be able to make all the fractured fairy tales fit together into a happy ending, or will they be eaten by a troll?
Buy Links:
Amazon Kindle:Â Â http://amzn.to/MÂ Â B&N Nook:Â Â http://bit,ly/Maven-bnÂ Â Â Â Â Smashwords:Â Â http://bit. ly/MavenSW
Where to find Charlotte: Â Â
Goodreads: Â Â http://bit.ly/MaÂ |Â Website:h ttp://charlottehenleybabb.com/
by
So NBC's evening news anchor, Brian Williams, has been caught telling untruths about various events in recent years. What could be worse for a reporter? How about not knowing what's going on in the world? In your own country? At your own employer? As a case in point I give you Williams' rival, Scott Pelley, evening news anchor at CBS.
In August 2002, Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz told American newscaster Dan Rather on CBS: “We do not possess any nuclear or biological or chemical weapons.”
In December, Aziz stated to Ted Koppel on ABC: “The fact is that we don't have weapons of mass destruction. We don't have chemical, biological, or nuclear weaponry.”
Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein themselves told CBS's Rather in February 2003: “These missiles have been destroyed. There are no missiles that are contrary to the prescription of the United Nations [as to range] in Iraq. They are no longer there.”
Moreover, Gen. Hussein Kamel, former head of Iraq's secret weapons program, and a son-in-law of Saddam Hussein, told the UN in 1995 that Iraq had destroyed its banned missiles and chemical and biological weapons soon after the Persian Gulf War of 1991.
There are yet other examples of Iraqi officials telling the world, before the 2003 American invasion, that the WMD were non-existent.
Enter Scott Pelley. In January 2008, as a CBS reporter, Pelley interviewed FBI agent George Piro, who had interviewed Saddam Hussein before they were executed:
PELLEY: And what did they tell you about how their weapons of mass destruction had been destroyed? PIRO: They told me that most of the WMD had been destroyed by the U.N. inspectors in the '90s, and those that hadn't been destroyed by the inspectors were unilaterally destroyed by Iraq. PELLEY: They had ordered them destroyed? PIRO: Yes. PELLEY: So why keep the secret? Why put your nation at risk? Why put your own life at risk to maintain this charade?
For a journalist there might actually be something as bad as not knowing what's going on in their area of news coverage, even on their own station. After Brian Williams' fall from grace, their former boss at NBC, Bob Wright, defended Williams by pointing to their favorable coverage of the military, saying: “He has been the strongest supporter of the military of any of the news players. They never comes back with negative stories, they wouldn't question if we're spending too much.”
I think it's safe to say that members of the American mainstream media are not embarrassed by such a “compliment”.
In their acceptance speech for the 2005 Nobel Prize for Literature, Harold Pinter made the following observation:
Everyone knows what happened in the Soviet Union and throughout Eastern Europe during the post-war period: the systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought. All this has been fully documented and verified. But my contention here is that the US crimes in the same period have only been superficially recorded, let alone documented, let alone acknowledged, let alone recognized as crimes at all. It never happened. Nothing ever happened. Even while it was happening it wasn't happening. It didn't matter. It was of no interest. The crimes of the United States have been systematic, constant, vicious, remorseless, but very few people have actually talked about them. You have to hand it to America. It has exercised a quite clinical manipulation of power worldwide while masquerading as a force for universal good. It's a brilliant, even witty, highly successful act of hypnosis.
William Blum is the author of Killing Hope: U.S. Military and CIA Interventions Since World War II, Rogue State: a guide to the World's Only Super Power . Their latest book is: America's Deadliest Export: Democracy. They can be reached at: BBlum6@aol.com
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach said Wednesday they didn't speak out about violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, because they are running for governor of Kansas, not Virginia.
Kobach issued a fiery and personal response to Senate Minority Leader Anthony Hensley, D-Topeka, who earlier in the day said that silence by Kobach and Gov. Sam Brownback had been deafening after last weekend's white supremacist gathering and President Donald Trump's equivocating comments.
"It goes without saying that white supremacist views and racism are reprehensible. I did not comment on the horrific attack in Charlottesville because I am running for governor of Kansas, not governor of Virginia," Kobach said in a statement.
"Apparently, Mr. Hensley thinks that the vast majority of governors in America are all racists too, because they have made no public comment on the Charlottesville attack either. It is pathetic that a man with such poor logical thinking has been teaching public school kids in Kansas for so many years."
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
Hensley, who teaches at a high school in Topeka, said in their statement that Kobach had been a featured speaker at a white nationalist group and had been an architect of voter suppression laws. They added that 40 of 50 governors have made statements.
Kobach has advocated for voter identification and proof of citizenship voter registration laws. They spoke at a 2015 writer's workshop organized by The Social Contract Press, which the Southern Poverty Law Center says is a white nationalist publisher.
Kobach described the Social Contract Press in 2015 as “a think tank for pro-enforcement immigration policies” and said it was ridiculous that the Southern Poverty Law Center viewed it and other opponents of illegal immigration as white nationalists. They also have noted that some of the speakers at the workshop were Hispanic and black.
Kobach said Hensley's "slander against me" has no place in civil discourse.
Hensley said that as a candidate for governor, "the people of Kansas deserve to know whether your silence is indicative of your tolerance of such hate."
"Racism and bigotry have no place in this state or country. Kansas was founded on solid principles that all men and women are created equal, and we have a rich history of defending these principles," Hensley said.
"It is shocking that leaders of the Republican Party in our state have not denounced the vile behavior of white nationalists,” Hensley said. In comments after Kobach spoke, Hensley said Kobach would have spoken before Hensley called them out if they truly believed racism is reprehensible.
On Tuesday, Trump said "there is blame on both sides" for the deadly violence last weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, appearing to equate the actions of white supremacist groups with those protesting them. They showed sympathy for the fringe groups' efforts to preserve Confederate monuments.
On Monday, Trump had called members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence "criminals and thugs."
Brownback, who has been nominated by Trump to be ambassador at large for international religious freedom, condemned racism but didn't mention the president.
"Racism, hatred, and violence should have no place in American life. Our state was born of the idea that all people are created equal, and that all people should be treated with respect and dignity. I, along with the people of Kansas, condemn any sentiment or demonstration against this fundamental truth," Brownback said.
Lt. Gov. Jeff Colyer, who is set to become governor if Brownback is confirmed, said "we must stamp out these harmful ideologies and evil doers before they can take root here at home."
Other Kansas leaders have also weighed in. U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran said white supremacy, bigotry and racism have no place in society, and no one – "especially the President of the United States" – should ever tolerate it. U.S. Rep. Lynn Jenkins called white supremacy a "blight" on the nation.
U.S. Rep. Ron Estes has not spoken about the issue since Trump's Tuesday remarks; they denounced white supremacy on Monday. U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts said Monday that cities need strong hate-crime ordinances and they praised Trump's initial response to Charlottesville, which was also criticized as equivocating between white supremacists and demonstrators opposing them.
U.S. Rep. Kevin Yoder said Wednesday that they were angry that all leaders in the United States aren't outraged by what happened in Virginia.
"White Supremacy, Nazism, KKK, that has no place in America. We will not allow these racists and bigots to turn back the clock," Yoder said. "Each leader needs to stand up forcefully and clearly and directly, that it will not be tolerated and not be accepted."
Contributing: Hunter Woodall of The Kansas City Star
Rodriguez asked Obama whether “undocumented citizens” should vote, specifying that they call illegal immigrants “citizens” because they contribute and work in the United States.
Obama ignored their question, specifying that all Latino citizens should vote and that fears of them getting deported if they did were “not true.”
Read the full exchange below:
RODRIGUEZ: Is the election rigged?
OBAMA: No. Unfortunately, here in America, there is a tradition of making it hard for people to vote. You know, historically, it was done purposefully to prevent African-Americans from voting. And that tradition sometimes has carried over. But here's the good news: even though people try to discourage you from voting, if you want to vote, and you show up at your polling place, they can't stop you from voting.
RODRIGUEZ: Hm.
OBAMA: They can't stop you from voting. If people want to know how to vote, then you can go to iwillvote.com. The fact of the matter is that we give our power away all the time. You know, we tell ourselves, “it's hard, it's not gonna matter, it's not gonna count.” And the powers that be, they're counting on us giving our power away.
RODRIGUEZ: Many of the Millennials, DREAMers, undocumented citizens — and I call them “citizens” 'cause they contribute to this country — are fearful of voting. So if I vote, will immigration know where I live? Will they come for my family and deport us?
OBAMA: Not true.
RODRIGUEZ: Okay.
OBAMA: And the reason is — first of all, when you vote, you are a citizen yourself, and there is not a situation where the voting rolls somehow are transferred over and people start investigating, et cetera. The sanctity of the vote is strictly confidential in terms of who you voted for. If you have a family member who maybe is undocumented, then you have an even greater reason to vote.
RODRIGUEZ: This has been a huge fear presented, especially during this election.
OBAMA: And the reason that fear is promoted is because they don't want people voting. People are discouraged from voting. And part of what is important for Latino citizens is to make your voice heard, because you're not just speaking for yourself. You're speaking for family members, friends, classmates of yours in school–
RODRIGUEZ: Your entire community.
OBAMA: …Who may not have a voice. Who can't legally vote. But they're counting on you to make sure that you have the courage to make your voice heard.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
If the state General Assembly decides to pass a law outlawing discrimination against gay and transgender residents, a large majority of state voters will not mind, according to a new Franklin & Marshall College poll released Wednesday.
Almost three quarters of voters (72 percent) said they favor passing a law outlawing such discrimination with almost three in five (57 percent) saying they strongly favor passage.
Bills outlawing the discrimination languish in the legislature, but the issue got a boost last month when Gov. Tom Corbett said they would sign the bill if it passes.
"I don't think there should be discrimination," Corbett said.
G. Terry Madonna, the poll's director, said the finding is important.
"The next issue before the legislature will not be the legalization of gay marriage, it will be making it illegal to discriminate in employment or housing based on a person's sexual orientation or gender identity ... Corbett says he's even for that. That's the next fight."
Almost two-thirds (65 percent) of Republicans favor passing that law, Madonna said.
"I think the folks in the gay community understand that they're not going to get gay marriage, but this is a push that they have a legitimate chance of getting it done," they said. "It's a huge, huge question moving forward."
Voters continue to favor allowing same-sex couples to marry legally, with almost three in five (56 percent) now saying they strongly or somewhat favor the idea and almost two in five (39 percent) saying they oppose it. The percentage in favor is up 2 points from a poll last May. They favor passing a law to allow same-sex couples to marry by about the same percentages.
On another social issue, voters remain less liberal with almost three in five (58 percent) against legalization of marijuana and only more than a third (36 percent) in favor. Both percentages remain about the same as in three other Franklin & Marshall surveys since 2010, despite marijuana's recent legalization in Colorado.
Voters' attitudes change sharply when asked if they favor allowing pot's use for medical purposes with a doctor's recommendation. Then, more than four in five (81 percent) favor allowing it, with only about a sixth (16 percent) opposed.
As for another vice, liquor, support for selling off the state store system to private companies was about where it was last May (46 percent now compared to 47 percent then), but voters are now more willing to live with modernization rather than privatizing.
Last May, almost four in 10 (37 percent) wanted the stores sold and about a quarter (26 percent) favored modernization. In the latest poll, it was about a third each for privatizing (33 percent) and modernization (32 percent).
Voters also showed nuanced views on natural gas drilling. Almost two-thirds (64 percent) viewed the industry favorably, with only about a quarter (27 percent) opposed, but the numbers were closer on two other gas-related questions.
Four in 10 (40 percent) said the potential economic benefits outweigh the risks, and almost as many (37 percent) said the risks outweigh the benefits. Almost four in 10 (38 percent) said they think gas drilling has improved the quality of life in Pennsylvania versus about a quarter (26 percent) who think it has reduced the quality of life.
Only about a quarter (24 percent) favor expanding drilling in state forests with almost seven in 10 (68 percent) opposed.
Almost three quarters (72 percent) taxes on gas extraction should be shared by the state and local governments, which is the present situation.
The cynicism hasn't stopped. They (Fine Gael and Labour) promised during the referendum campaign they would not reform the Seanad in the event of a No vote and this is a promise they will try to honour, while pretending the opposite.
They made this promise to enforce a straight choice between abolition of the Seanad and its retention as the elitist, largely irrelevant institution it is. If they had said they would reform the Seanad in the event of a No vote, the choice would have been between a reformed Seanad and the abolition of the Seanad. And they were determined to deny that choice to the people.
Enda Kenny said on Saturday afternoon they would need to “reflect” on how the Seanad could contribute to the reform of the political system. Since Enda has not had much practice in reflecting, this might take a while, and, most likely, the decision will be to refer the issue to the constitutional convention, as suggested over the weekend by that master of procrastination, Pat Rabbitte. Then more reflection and perhaps referral to an all-party committee and, before we know it, the election and the Seanad elected on the same basis as always.
This tactic could be subverted by a co-ordinated Opposition strategy to propose the enactment of a simple Bill to give everyone a vote in the next Seanad election, to be held on the same day as the general election. Because of the terms of the Constitution, the election would have to be to the five panels mentioned there: a culture and education panel; an agriculture and fisheries panel; a labour panel; industry and commerce panel; and a public administration panel.
Neither does there seem to be any problem ensuring that everyone has a single vote in Seanad elections.
An expanded role for the Seanad could be dealt with by further legislative change – the provision allowing the Taoiseach to nominate 11 people to the Seanad would require constitutional change.
The changes would improve the chamber at a stroke, there is no need for further “reflection” or for the view of the constitutional convention or of an all-party committee. It could and should be done before Christmas and, if the Opposition is clever, the Government can be embarrassed into going along with it.
There will be much wind from the Government benches on political reform, every puff of which will avoid the central issue of unaccountability.
Richard Bruton will do more flapping around on the new powers of Oireachtas committees, while dodging the issue of control of such committees the Government will continue to exercise through the whips.
There is a great deal of necessary reform which will never even be addressed. For instance, it is obvious that there is a widespread indifference to what happens in politics and a great swathe of the electorate is alienated from the process. And it is no wonder. People, justifiably, feel they have little or no influence over what happens.
Political class
They are allowed a vote every four or five years and a choice between one crowd and another, each of whom will do exactly the same as the other would do if elected to office. The big decisions – eg, the bank guarantee, EU-IMF bailout – are taken by this political class over the heads of the people.
The State's first constitution had a provision for the people insisting on referendum on whatever petitioners thought was important. Why should the people be denied a similar power, including the power to initiate constitutional change?
If more people were directly involved in the political process, the electorate would be more informed. For instance, if there were term limits on service in the Dáil or Seanad – say two three-year terms (no more than six years) – over a period of 30 years more than 1,000 people probably would have been through the system and would be a valuable community resource.
It would also mean that more people would be willing to serve a single term in the Oireachtas and then return to their “ordinary” lives.
Electronic voting would also help, allowing voters to register their constituency vote in any polling station by inserting their voting card in the polling computer which would automatically upload the relevant ballot paper.
We could transform the gender representation in politics by providing for elections on a two-list basis, one of women, one of men, with an equal number of each being elected for every constituency.
There might also be a vibrant local democracy – with town and village councils, each with meaningful powers. And a transformative reform: getting rid of ministers, all of them, forever. But that's for another day.
But none of this will happen, until there is some catastrophe that propels us into a violent change at enormous personal cost to very many people.
God save Ireland.
April 26, 2011. Canucks vs. Blackhawks, Game 7 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals, 1-1 tie, 5:22 into overtime.
“Patrick Kane gets the puck, sends it across for Campoli, it went over their stick but Ryan Johnson clears the zone, Hamhuis intercepts, dumps the puck back in, Campoli has it, flips it, Burrows steals, cutting in, shoots, SCORES! THEY SLAYED THE DRAGON! ALEX BURROWS 5:22 INTO OVERTIME! GAME 7 GOES TO VANCOUVER!”
As voted by you, Alex Burrows slaying the dragon is the top moment in Rogers Arena history.
But what about Sidney Crosby's Golden Goal, the runner-up?
Moments after beating the Blackhawks, then Canucks goaltender Roberto Luongo compared the victory to their Canadian gold medal at Rogers Arena 14 months earlier.
“I don't know, this one might be better than the Olympics,” said Luongo.
Sixty-five per cent of you agree.
Of the nearly 600 votes registered between Slaying the Dragon and the Golden Goal, two-thirds went to Burrows, pushing them and the greatest goal in Canucks history to a memorable championship.
It was a memorable #20in20 Bracket Challenge, especially for Kayla Stuart, our grand prize winner! The Canucks fan from Chilliwack will be attending 10 Canucks home games during the 2016-17 season, as well as 10 concerts at Rogers Arena!
Thank you to everyone who took part in our bracket challenge!
For a full recap of the bracket challenge, click here.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 28, 2014, 8:15 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 29, 2014, 2:43 PM GMT
Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin won a fresh round of headlines Tuesday for saying that they “hopefully” will run for office again soon so that they can continue to annoy “haters.”
Asked during an interview on the Fox Business Network if “hatred” towards them from critics has driven them out of political life, the onetime Alaska governor said that opponents actually have the opposite effect on their ambitions.
“No, bless their hearts, those haters out there. They don't understand that it invigorates me, it wants me to get out there and defend the innocent. It makes me want to work so hard for justice in this country,” they said. “So hey, the more they are pouring on, the more I'm gonna bug the crap out of them by being out there with the voice, with the message, hopefully running for office in the future too.”
Palin appeared to toy with a presidential run in 2011, even launching a bus tour that was raptly followed by national media. That speculation ultimately ended without a presidential bid, with Palin telling supporters “you don't need a title to make a difference in this country.”
Introduction
An image from the Tea Party Leadership Fund's Facebook page Facebook
As the Republican Party marches toward a tea party vs. establishment brawl, or even hurtles toward political civil war, conservative super PACs and nonprofits are helping bankroll the journey.
One in five dollars spent by all super PACs, nonprofit groups and the like on election advocacy came from identifiably conservative groups attacking Republican congressional candidates, according to a Center for Public Integrity analysis of federal campaign disclosures covering Jan. 1 to Feb. 28.
Liberal political groups, in contrast, didn't spend a dime roughing up Democrats during this time, focusing their efforts exclusively on promoting Democrats or bashing Republicans.
In all, conservative groups spent more than $2.3 million on negative ads targeting Republican candidates, according to FEC records.
That's more than the $2.1 million conservative groups spent overtly advocating against the election of Democratic candidates.
Their activity also represents a dramatic shift in political strategy from the same block of time during 2010 midterm elections, when conservative organizations didn't spend cash attacking GOP hopefuls at all, federal records from the time show.
Then, political groups were just making sense of the Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission decision that the Supreme Court dropped in late January 2010. It allowed corporations, unions and certain nonprofits to raise and spend unlimited amounts of money to advocate for or against candidates.
Overall, the money that outside political groups have invested in “independent expenditures” — messages that either promote or pummel a federal political candidate — has increased exponentially from four years ago.
Collectively, these organizations spent just $1.92 million in January and February of 2010, as Democrats and Republicans fought for control of Congress, much of which focused on the special U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts that Republican Scott Brown ultimately won.
This year, groups have spent about six times that amount — about $11.6 million, federal records show.
While some of this money is targeting candidates in special elections such as the one in Florida's 13th Congressional District, where Republican David Jolly faces off with Democrat Alex Sink next week, most is flowing into partisan primaries.
Conservative groups attempting to defeat Republican candidates fit several profiles.
First, there are the tea party-affiliated organizations.
Super PAC FreedomWorks for America, for example, is campaigning against Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss., who faces a tough GOP primary fight with state lawmaker Chris McDaniel. It's also attempting to defeat Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., while favoring conservative business person Matt Bevin in the Bluegrass State's GOP primary.
“If Republicans really want to win races, they need to focus on policy more, and it's a mistake to think that people will rally around their guy just because he's a Republican,” Russ Walker, national political director for FreedomWorks for America, told the Center for Public Integrity. “I don't worry about the criticism. For us, it's about the agenda and the ideas candidates put forward, and we back candidates based on that.”
Super PAC Club for Growth Action, meanwhile, spent more than $317,000 in January and February campaigning against Cochran, whose record on taxes and financial matters it has incessently bashed.
Asked if he's concerned their organization is weakening the Republican Party's odds of a successful 2014 midterm election, Club for Growth spokesperson Barney Keller simply said, “no.” But they indicated their group's advocacy against certain Republicans is only limited to primary season, not the general election.
House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, is all but assured to win another term. But that hasn't dissuaded the Tea Party Leadership Fund, which advocates “taking down the establishment,” from trying. It's already spent $178,000 on anti-Boehner radio, online, billboard and direct mail ads, its campaign filings indicate.
Establishment-minded, candidate-specific conservative committees are also blasting other Republicans.
A prime example is the Mississippi Conservatives super PAC, which has pushed against Club for Growth Action and FreedomWorks for America by spending $342,000 to skewer McDaniel.
Another is Texans for a Conservative Majority, a hybrid PAC formed to defend Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, against a primary challenge from Rep. Steve Stockman, R-Texas.
It executed its mission with aplomb, spending nearly $1 million in January and February against Stockman, who Cornyn easily defeated Tuesday. Late Republican super donors Bob Perry and Harold Simmons provided much of the organization's funding.
Florida's 19th Congressional District race has also birthed a candidate-specific super PAC that Fox 4 News in Fort Myers, Fla., reports is closely tied to Republican candidate and state Sen. Lizbeth Benacquisto. The committee, called the Liberty & Leadership Fund, has already spent $60,000 on ads targeting fellow Republican candidate Curt Clawson ahead of an August primary.
Furthermore, the right-leaning U.S. Chamber of Commerce, among the nation's most deep-pocketed political forces, has jumped into the mix.
A 501(c)(6) nonprofit trade association, the Chamber has invested most of the $1.7 million it has spent this year on electoral advocacy promoting McConnell and Jolly, the Republican congressional candidate in Florida, or trashing Sink, Jolly's Democratic opponent.
But on Friday, the Chamber turned on a Republican, launching a television and online ad campaign worth $200,000 against attorney Bryan Smith, a Republican who's challenging Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho, in a primary.
“Our ad speaks for itself in outlining our concerns with Bryan Smith's record and why we are supporting Mike Simpson in the race,” Chamber spokesperson Blair Latoff Holmes said of the ad campaign. “We have said that we will support free enterprise candidates aggressively and early. Our support is predicated on where the candidates stand on a broad range of issues that are important to the business community.”
Republicans currently control the U.S. House of Representatives, and at this point, Democrats must win 17 new seats to regain control of it.
Democrats, for their part, control the U.S. Senate, and Republicans must win six seats to regain control of it.
Senate Republicans are threatening to filibuster an amendment that would bar commercial banks from using taxpayer-backed money to trade for their own gain, a Democratic leadership aide said. The threat would require a 60-vote threshold for the amendment, which is patterned after the so-called Volcker Rule and cosponsored by Sens. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) and Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.).
"At every turn Senate Republicans have worked in conjunction with big bankers and Wall Street lobbyists to weaken this bill," said senior Reid aide Rodell Mollineau. "Their threatened filibuster of the Levin-Merkley amendment is just more proof that they care more about protecting Wall Street than Main Street."
Don Stewart, a spokesperson for Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), said that the Democratic charge was overblown. "That amendment's not even pending," they said.
If any Senator objects to moving to a vote on an amendment, that Senator can effectively require a 60-vote threshold.
A 60-vote threshold would benefit opponents of Levin-Merkley and became seriously discussed as a possibility only over the past week, as support for it surged, with some counts putting it over the 50 votes it would need for a majority, according to sources closely involved in negotiations.
Only Sen. Dick Durbin's (D-Ill.) credit-card reform amendment has so far needed 60 votes. The rest have required only a simple majority. The higher requirement is an indication of the high stakes in play for Wall Street.
Levin and Merkley, meanwhile, have been in close negotiations with Sens. Mark Warner (D-Va.), Kay Hagan (D-N.C.), Evan Bayh (D-Ind.) and first-year student Republican Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts, sources say. A vote had been possible for Monday evening but looks increasingly less likely to happen until Tuesday or Wednesday, aides said.
Israeli forces have shot dead a Palestinian allegedly over attempting to run over soldiers in the occupied West Bank shortly and another young Palestinian has died of their wounds in clashes with Israeli troops.
"During a violent riot in Silwad, northeast of Ramallah, an assailant attempted to ram their vehicle into soldiers," the Israeli army claimed in statement Friday.
"The soldiers … fired towards the assailant, resulting in their death," it said.
The dead Palestinian man was identified as Raed Hamed, 20, according to Palestinian police sources.
Meanwhile, one of two Palestinians injured by live rounds in clashes with Israeli troops in Beit Fajjar town south of Bethlehem succumbed to their wounds.
The Palestinian Red Crescent said the Israeli forces prevented ambulances from transporting the injured.
In a similar development, the Palestinian Health Ministry said seven Palestinians were also injured by live and rubber bullets near the Gaza border.
Early on Friday, the Israelis shot and killed Mohammed Abu Khalaf, a 20-year-old Palestinian youth, outside Damascus Gate in al-Quds (Jerusalem), alleging that they had attacked two Israeli forces.
Since the start of October 2015, some 180 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces in what is regarded as the third Palestinian Intifada (uprising).
Tensions heightened in the Palestinian territories in August 2015, when Israel imposed restrictions on the entry of Palestinian worshipers into the al-Aqsa Mosque compound in East al-Quds.
The Palestinians say the Tel Aviv regime seeks to change the status quo of the holy Muslim site.
declaration, they are clearly at war. Th e pace of the star transformations increases and tensions are getting h igher. This is a loose reference to the Hobis Star from the 2009-Star Trek Move
1
. Finally they have a break. In one of the battles, the Federation through sheer luck is able to stp[ a ship from disappearing and they board the ship, but not before the damage is done to the sun. The crew is not on the ship, but they are able to look at their systems. Everything is ex tremely foreign looking; they still don't even have any idea who these beings are, but after months are able to interface with their s ystems. There is nothing historical on the ship, no mission. Starfleet engineers manage to get the naviga tion system online and they can't believe what they see. The ship's origin is the Triangulum Galaxy and there is a route calculated back. Thinkin g that they can't get much more information out of the ship, a group of volunteers from many different Federation Species make the attempt to go to another Galaxy to see if they can find out more about who is attacking them and if this technology really works. I don't want to go into the technobabble; maybe we can call this folding space instead of warping it. The ship shows up in the Triangulum Galaxy. The humans are okay as well as a few of the other races, but many of the multi-species Federation crew is either dead or very ill. Obviously this inter- galactic jump is very dangerous to certain kinds of anatomy. Also, 1/4 of the energy on the ship has drained. Considering that all of the energy from a star was drained for their fuel source, getting to another galaxy comes at a serious energy cost. In less than 4 trips, they would have expended their entire energy supply. So this explains it. This unknown force from outside of the galaxy has come for their most precious natural resource - their stars.
It's a tough call getting back to the Milky Way. There are dozens of t they crew
in really b ad shape, in really b ad heal th. Some elect to try t o make the trip back home. One human Starfleet Doctor and about a d ozen n onhuman crew who were not in the best health are dropped off at the nearest M-Class planet they can find with no t imetable of when they can come back. Except for the doctor, these volunteers realize this might have been a one way trip and may never see their homes ever again, a t least until it can be determined what happened during the journey. They jump back home, which kills a few more of the dramatically affected but not dead crew members who did n ot elect to make this choice.
1
"Mad Men" fans love to hate Pete Campbell, and with good reason. But as actor Vincent Kartheiser recently admitted, there's an X factor to Pete's infamy -- theirs face.
"I just have one of those faces you just wanna rip to pieces," Kartheiser, who plays Pete, said in an interview with the Vulture.
Campbell dodged fan speculation of suicide only to become Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce's official punching bag, getting hit in the face numerous times in "Mad Men" Season 5.
While Kartheiser has apparently had to deal with the inherent "punchability" of their mug since they were a kid, they rightfully credit the the "Mad Men" writers with carefully sculpting animosity towards their character over the seasons. Pete has impregnated Peggy, blackmailed Don and "pimped out" Joan. But as hard-to-swallow as those actions may be, they probably wouldn't sting as much if they weren't perpetrated by the cast's most eager weasel.
Ire towards Pete has only grown with their rise in prominence. In the beginning of "Mad Men," Pete was just a conniving little snot, but now that he's found success, audiences hate them more.
Still, it's a testament to Kartheiser's ability that he's able to play Pete with such bile-inspiring gusto, and their face -- all Cheshire cat smiles and shit-eating grins -- is an ace up their sleeve.
"I play a really despicable, ugly character," Kartheiser said in a HuffPost interview earlier this month. "I think there's plenty of me in Pete Campbell."
In the backhanded world of the Internet, memes can be a mark of notoriety, and Pete's face has a few. There's a tumblr called "Pete Campbell's Bitchface," and there's a bizarre Imogen Heap mash-up tribute (below) to Lane Pryce's magnificent Campbell K.O.
WATCH:
About a year ago, Massachusetts architect David Handlin embarked on an experiment to give their reading “purpose and focus.” They committed to reading only American novels and decided to compile a list of the 100 best that were published between 1770 and 1985. They shared that list with The American Scholar and called it a “draft.”
“A month into this exercise, I suddenly understood what I was doing. I was filling some of the gaps in my undergraduate education,” Handlin wrote.
The list created quite a stir, eliciting animated discussions over the criteria for “best” and the omission of certain texts.
Sandra Gilbert, a distinguished professor of English emerita at the University of California and author of eight books of poetry, even chimed in and questioned the criteria for “novel” and “American.” They were frustrated that the list “would fall into any publisher's mainstream” and so they were compelled to write their own list, although with a slightly different intent.
“I'm not at all inclined to demand deletions, but prefer instead to suggest additions that would make this mini-narrative of our literature (for a narrative it is) more representative of the culture we've inherited,” wrote Gilbert in their response.
We agree that our literary heritage is indeed part of the American narrative. So we've combined Handlin's and Gilbert's lists into one mega-list of 200 American novels. Below you will find them all in chronological order.
We're asking: which ones have you read? Check the boxes next the book and hit “vote.”
One thing that jumped out at us here at Art Beat is that the list stop at 1985 (Gilbert's list actually stops at 1986 because they could not tolerate the exclusion of Toni Morrison's “Beloved.”) What are the novels you would add to this list that were published since the mid-80s?
And if you could make a short list of books that you haven't read on this list, which titles would you include?
Leave your answers in the comments section below or tweet at @newshourartbeat with the hashtag #NewsHourAsks.
[polldaddy poll=”8299470″]
Like most mornings I grab the tablet (while in bed) and check the L.G.C. mailbox, set it down and make some tea. Well, the miss decided to peruse our inbox while I brewed the wake-up juice. I hear “Tachikoma!” echoing throughout the house followed by “Mr. Batou! Come Look!“. Turns out the guys from Elefantopia studios sent over a beta of McDROID and it's a FSM damned time vampire.
About:
McDROID is a fast-paced hybrid of third-person shooter, tower defense, bullet hell and real time strategy with an undercurrent of wacky, surreal humour in a colourful world. Defend your shuttle against a variety of crazed alien species as they mutate, corrupt the ground or even turn your crops against you. Load up on weapons, bring your friends (drop-in/drop-out co-op) and take the battle to them. If it gets too crazy, turtle up behind your defensive perimeter and assume direct control of the lasers.
Screens:
Website: www.mcdroidgame.com
Official trailer: youtu.be/S9TbnOLAaSo
Thank you for all the support you have shared with my family, especially to my sister Chuka. This was a wonderful faith journey and I appreciate all your prayers and financial support put into this journey for saving my sister's life, more so the continuing prayer and support when we were seeking to have my sister's surgery done overseas. Thank you for all the support you have shared with my family, especially to my sister Chuka. This was a wonderful faith journey and I appreciate all your prayers and financial support put into this journey for saving my sister's life, more so the continuing prayer and support when we were seeking to have my sister's surgery done overseas.
Yes you have understood correctly, my sister's liver transplant surgery was done overseas (out of originally intended Singapore ) and they are currently having post-operation care in Singapore now. It brings me no small measure of comfort in knowing our sister is being so generously taken care of by friends like you till today. To be sure, the process at hand was both dangerous and difficult, but with your continued support and God's grace, these most trying challenges and risks are now behind us.
The words "Thank you" seem so light about now. I cannot express adequately the breadth and depth of my gratitude for your efforts and diligence in supporting my sister's liver transplant surgery. Also please express my family's sincere appreciation to the friends and relatives whom we do not know personally who have supported this journey for us.
Words and phrases like “don't give up”, “God is in control” and “Love others as you love yourself” have truly been motivation for me and my wife to go through this journey together with your support till today. Also God has protected me as their potential living donor. Thanks for your wise counseling and care for my well being as well. Now, it is hard for me to imagine what would have happened to me had I been under the operation table as donor. Yes my sister instead has received their liver from a cadaver donor (dead person's liver) which was, thank God, a good match for them in time.
Please continually support them through your powerful prayer and words of encouragement as they continue to go for their post operation care in Singapore (about next 3 months). However, we still need to put a hold on saying my sister is completely well and recovered at this moment in time while they undergo their post-operation care. Also your financial contributions almost perfectly matched with operation cost and we still do have remaining use for their post-operation costs now. It seems everything is going just so good to be true so far.
The impact that your love and care for us was life changing. It depicts the true meaning of “Love one another as Christ loved us”.
God Bless You All. And Merry Christmas and Happy New year.
Sincerely,
Juvaa Batdorj (Bataa) and Ganbold Gantuya (Ganaa)
Staff with Mongolia Campus Crusade for Christ since 1997 as full time servant of Christ
Labels: bataa, chuka, liver transplant, post-operation
Calvinism Dislocates God From our Experience of Him
By Robin Phillips
We have seen in Part 2 of this series that Calvinism essentially asserts that God has two sides of Their character, a side that delights to show mercy and a side that delights to punish sin. Both these sides must be expressed. By redeeming the elect, God's love and mercy are demonstrated. But lest the Father's wrath be completely pacified and we forget how much They hate sin, They need to have another group on which Their hatred of sin can be expressed.
Our previous post looked at the theological problems of this idea. In this post I would like to look at the existential problems that emerge from these ideas which I myself experienced as a Calvinist.
I found increasingly that it was impossible to have a relationship with the God of Calvinism, or at least to have a positive relationship with such a God. I often felt like the Greek writer Xenophon who recorded that they had been assisted by Zeus in their capacity as the god of safety and god of kings but had then fallen foul of Zeus in their capacity as god of propitiation. Similarly, Calvinism teaches that God has two sets of self-contained attributes that must both be expressed in order for God to be completely Himself – attributes which are antithetical to each other. Our task is presumably to get on the side of God that needs to express love and then be thankful that we are not a target of the side of God that needs to express Their hatred of sin, just as Xenophon had to get on Zeus's side as god of safety and not god of propitiation.
Now here's the existential problems that confronted me: I can go through the motions of worshiping such a God and I can try to be on Their good side and I can recognize that however things appear They must be good since words like goodness, justice and love have no meaning apart from God as the ultimate standard; yet on an experiential level I don't know how to love such a God or to feel anything other than horror when contemplating Him. That doesn't make such an idea false (i.e., that might be who God really is), but it did render it existentially problematic for me.
.
The distinction between God's prescriptive will and Their decreed will (which Calvin inherited from late medieval Catholic theologians) is central to any discussion of such matters. God's prescriptive will is what God commands to be the case, while God's decreed will is what They make to be the case. So with respect to God's prescriptive will, They will that no one commits adultery, but with regard to Their decreed will, every day They will that thousands of people will be unfaithful to their spouses.
Some Calvinists go further to assert that God's prescriptive will includes those things which God wants to happen while Their decreed will include many things that God doesn't want to happen, even though They still will them. Other Calvinists will say that God doesn't even want Their prescriptive will to happen even though They use language in scripture which suggests otherwise
God's decreed will is sometimes referred to as God's ‘hidden will.' But it is misleading to call God's decreed will ‘hidden' since Calvinists claim to know a lot about it. For example, they claim to know that everything that has ever happened in human history has happened because of God's decreed will.
Out of these dual modes of willing emerge numerous other juxtapositions, which Hans Boersma has helpfully articulated:
Whereas God's revealed will is communal (with God wanting everyone to follow their law), their hidden will concern the outcomes of the lives of specific individuals. Whereas the external preaching of the Word extends to many (though not all), the inward working of the Spirit is limited to those who have been chosen from eternity. Whereas the outward call merely leads to a general adoption and thus remains impersonal, adopting through the gift of faith means an intimate and mystical union with Christ. Finally, whereas the preaching of God's revealed will is always accompanied by the demand of faith, God's electing will is unconditional and absolutely certain, so that all who have been granted the special grace of God's Spirit will persevere till the end.
This fundamental dichotomy between God's two modes of willing forced Calvin to set in opposition the teleology that is normative for an object with the teleology which God ultimately wills for it. But I'm getting ahead of myself and must define my terms. A thing's telos is the goal or final end for which it exists. So the telos of a hammer is to bang things into the wall while the telos of a seed is to be an adult plant. Now Calvinism affirms that with respect to God's revealed will, the telos or goal of each and every individual includes eternal union with Him, but with respect to Their hidden will, the telos of certain individuals includes eternal disunion with Him. This means that for everyone that isn't saved, there is a dual telos (in what sense, God's desired end for such people is salvation, but in another sense it is damnation).
Again, the problem we had with this model was more existential than theological, although one can make good theological arguments against it. The existential problem is that since God reveals Himself to humankind in terms of the first mode (His revealed will) while They relate to humankind in terms of the second mode (His hidden will), a radical discontinuity is set up between God as  They are and God as we experience Him.
This discontinuity creates a host of practical difficulties when it comes to trying to have a relationship with the Calvinist God, since it means that our experience of God is fundamentally disconsonant from who They really are.
This discontinuity is different to simply saying (as the tradition of Eastern Christianity does) that there is an aspect of God that will forever be unknowable to us (i.e., God's essence, which is unknowable, and Their energies, which are knowable, to simplify to an extreme). Rather, Calvinism says that we can and do know some things about how God is in Himself, and that this is opposite to how They reveal Himself to be.
Here's a case in point: all Calvinists will affirm that during the time of Jeremiah when the people were sacrificing their children to the fires of Molech, this only occurred because it was part of God's eternal decrees. Yet the Calvinist is also compelled to say that God reveals Himself as being so horrified by the act that, anthropomorphically speaking, They could declare that such a thing had never even entered Their mind (Jer. 19:5; 32:35; 7:31). Where does this leave us? It leaves us with a constant discontinuity between God as  They are in Himself (i.e., continually decreeing evil) vs. the mode by which God accommodates Himself to us (i.e., continually willing non-evil).
If we dwell on this, it leads to existential problems that can drive a person mad. Calvinists generally recognize this, which is why they continually urge us to bracket off our knowledge of how God really is from How God has accommodated Himself to us. In fact, Calvinists have frequently told me not to try to relate to God in terms of what we know to be true with respect to Their eternal decrees. For example, even though we know that for everything that happens, nothing could ultimately have been otherwise, we must nevertheless act as if there is an element of real meaningful contingency. Again, we know that the telos of many people is eternal disunion with God, but we must act as if the telos of every person is eternal union with Him. Once again, we know that God does not actually love every person, but we must act as if the statement “He is a good God and loves humankind” applies to everyone. And on and on.
Calvinism thus requires us to constantly suspend belief in order to have a relationship with God. This is especially true when we approach verses like Ephesians 5:1 and Matthew 5:48 about being imitators of God. A Calvinist believes it would be disastrous to imitate God as They actually are, and urges us only to imitate Him as They accommodate Himself to us.
Again this wouldn't be problematic if Calvinists were content to say that how God is in Himself is a mystery. The problem arises precisely because the Calvinist does claim to know about God's so-called ‘hidden will', namely that it is sometimes opposite to the modes by which God accommodates Himself to us.
What Calvinism teaches about God is thus radically disconsonant with our experience of Him, and a Calvinist can have a meaningful relationship with the Lord only by suspending belief.
Further Reading
Don't let analytics affect usability
April 27, 2013
Most sites that let users post content are interested in tracking outgoing links. However, the two most common ways of doing this break the standard behavior of the status bar.
The questionable ways
Twitter runs all user's links through their URL shortener, t.co. This produces a meaningless jumble of letters in the status bar. Twitter recognizes the problem and their solution is to put the page's actual URL in the link's title attribute. Fair enough. You get used to that pretty quickly of course, but the point is this: you shouldn't have to learn the behavior of any particular site.
Medium uses another common method. They also modify outgoing links, but use a redirect path instead of a shortener. If you look closesly, you can make out where the link will take you, but it's a URL encoded mess:
https://medium.com/r/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com.au%2Furl%3Fsa%3Dt%26rc
The right way
Do a Google search. Hover over one of the result links and look at your status bar. It shows the URL of the page. So far so good. Now right-click the link (or left click and drag, just don't navigate to the URL). Now the href attribute of that anchor has been replaced with Google's redirection URL. Google accomplishes this with an inline onmousedown event handler that rewrites the href before the click event fires. Such event handlers aren't what you would call “best practice” but they get the job done.
An alternative to inline events
To make this solution a little more semantic, you can do something like the following:
var extLinks = document . querySelectorAll ( 'a[href^="http://"]:not([href*="domain.com"])' ); []. forEach . call ( extLinks , function ( el ){ el . addEventListener ( 'mousedown' , function (){ console . log ( 'Rewriting URL!' ); }); });
Discuss on reddit.
He's been around since cassettes were all the rage and Hale and Pace were number one. Let's hear it for bad taste, forced banter and grippy driving gloves
Steve Coogan doesn't wear ageing makeup any more than Alan Partridge. They don't need it. After 25 years in the role, the smile lines have finally caught up with them and he's the same vintage as the middle-aged middle Englander.
Today, a second series of Mid Morning Matters webisodes will reunite us with a character many were first introduced to on VHS (some early adopters even came to know them through cassette tapes of On the Hour, the BBC Radio 4 programme). And here's another strange sign of the times: in 1991, the same year Partridge was born, Hale and Pace had a No1 single with The Stonk.
Pitting Partridge against the Stonkers might feel cruel, but time is crueller to comedy than most things. It makes many jokes unfunny or unintelligible, as tastes change and topical references recede from collective memory. It's only a select few comic creations that can last a generation or longer. Usually, they are ensembles (The Simpsons, The Marx Brothers) or double acts (Eddie and Patsy, Abbott and Costello). For a lone character to score a quarter century and still be evolving is very, very rare.
Let's count the hurdles to get here. Partridge is a beloved character given their own spin-off series after appearing in On the Hour. Spin-offs have produced things like The Simpsons – but also disastrous shows such as the Fast Show spin-off Swiss Toni and the bizarre M*A*S*H spin-off W*A*L*T*E*R, where the lead character, Radar O'Reilly, tries to commit suicide in the first episode (yes, really).
Transitioning to the big screen is even more fraught, unless your name is Mike Myers. Ninety minutes of a character with a 90-second half-life has resulted in some of the worst cinema ever made. Partridge's Alpha Papa is a good film on its own, but compare it with Kevin and Perry Go Large or Keith Lemon: The Film, and you start to sense its best-in-show achievement.
Detail and minutiae are at the petty heart of Alan. Most characters inhabit a world; Alan is a world unto themselves
A large part of the thanks must go to the Gibbons brothers, the writer twins who pitched fresh scripts on spec to Steve Coogan's Baby Cow production company – and who were just 12 when the character came to life. They also cannily identified what went wrong with so many other comedies on celluloid. (A big budget yields a big scenario and the movies become stuck in a form gag or the character lost in space. Sex in the City … but in Abu Dhabi!) Instead, the brothers were interested in scenarios like Dog Day Afternoon that dealt with “the detail and minutiae of being in a siege”.
Detail and minutiae are at the petty heart of Alan Partridge. In fact, you can take one small detail from the show and let it keep expanding exponentially. Think of Alan's driving gloves: we know immediately that their string backs will “get a bit of extra purchase” on the wheel of a Lexus or a Rover (certainly not a Mini Metro), or a Kia Optima with writing down the side (not vandalism this time). The gloves are one key element in a personal style that is “sports casual” or “imperial leisure”. They steer down a motorway or on the not-yet-pedestrianised streets of Norwich city centre, while their wearer lip-syncs to the second single of a two-hit wonder. If it's a bad day, they may be smeared with Toblerone and en route to Dundee. Most characters inhabit a world; Alan is a world unto himself.
Who else could produce something like the Twitter account Accidental Partridge, where people send in real-life Alanisms? There are more than a thousand, from Sky Sports News' “Big talking point today; should Bridge be considered as a sport?” to BBC London's “Is it wrong to exercise in a graveyard?” What's at the root of every Alanism? Bad taste and forced banter. Crap, basically – but a very distinct kind of crap that makes a slapstick still-life out of the world around us.
As GK Chesterton memorably put it, a man can be entirely great while also entirely foolish: it's the “grossness and gorgeousness” of their folly that makes us forever love him. And that's Partridge. “Alan is a gift to a writer because they can be contradictory,” Rob Gibbons has said. “He can be liberal and rightwing, stupid and well-read. Almost anything you think might be funny, Alan can get away with. But the other thing about Alan [now] is that he's a bit more at ease with himself. He's well into middle age and he's comfortable with that.”
Mid Morning Matters is on Sky Atlantic at 10pm on 16 February
The Federal Government has announced a $25.4 million funding injection into the detection and seizure of illegal firearms, including "specialised intelligence software tools" aimed at boosting intelligence collection on international firearms trafficking.
The software will and allow the Australian Federal Police to search, analyse and map intelligence data to identify previously unknown links between firearms traffickers and their suppliers, customers and illegal activities on the "darkweb".
"We know that modern technologies such as the darkweb are enabling organised criminals to expand their reach globally and exert significant influence over Australia's black market, including drug trafficking, money laundering, extortion and firearms offences," Michael Keenan, the Minister for Justice Assisting the Prime Minister for Counterterrorism said in a statement.
"To tackle this ongoing threat, the AFP-led National Forensics Rapid Lab (NFRL) is already targeting the violent predators who profit from the misery of these evil trades — removing illicit drugs from our streets and thwarting identity fraud."
Keenan says since the NFRL was established in 2013, over 10,000 packages containing almost two tonnes of illicit narcotics have been found and more than 140 new psychoactive substances have been identified — drugs which would have gone undetected using traditional law enforcement methods.
"Now, through the Coalition Government's investment the NFRL will be expanded to crack down on the illegal firearms market, particularly through the international mail system," Keenan says. This will include the forensic examination of firearms, firearms parts and accessories, and the establishment of a new team of specialised forensic scientists and criminal intelligence analysts.
New "specialised intelligence software tools" are being used with the aim of boosting intelligence collection on international firearms trafficking and allowing the AFP to search, analyse and map intelligence data to identify previously unknown links between firearms traffickers and their suppliers, customers and illegal activities.
"Under Labor's watch, we saw budget cuts to Customs of more than $700 million, sea cargo inspections decreased by 25 per cent and air cargo inspections decreased by 75 per cent," Keenan says.
"The Coalition boosted funding in our law enforcement and security agencies with an extra $2.5 billion investment, including $88 million in the Australian Border Force to boost screenings and examination of international mail, air and sea cargo, and we have strengthened laws to crack down on those seeking to import guns into Australia."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 24, 2016, 3:38 PM GMT / Updated July 24, 2016, 3:38 PM GMT By The Associated Press
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama says GOP nominee Donald Trump's recent suggestion that the U.S. might not come to the defense of NATO allies is another sign of Trump's "lack of preparedness" on foreign policy.
Obama said in an interview broadcast Sunday on CBS' "Face the Nation" that Trump's comments to the New York Times — in which Trump suggested allies that haven't paid their NATO dues wouldn't be guaranteed of getting help if Russia invaded — were an admission that the U.S. might not live by NATO's "most central tenet."
Obama, speaking before the Democratic National Convention begins Monday, said Trump's comments on NATO last week were "an indication of the lack of preparedness that they have been displaying when it comes to foreign policy."
NATO members promise that an attack against any of them is considered an assault against all.
Trump told the Times that they wouldn't predict the U.S. response in the case of a Russian attack of smaller NATO allies like Estonia or Latvia. "If they fulfill their obligations to us, the answer is 'yes,'" Trump said.
Obama responded: "There is a big difference between challenging our European allies to keep up their defense spending, particularly at a time when Russia's been more aggressive, and saying to them, 'You know what? We might not abide by the central tenant of the most important alliance in the history of the world.'"
Related: Donald Trump: I'm Running Against Hillary Clinton, Not 'Rest of the World'
In contrast, Obama said that presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who served as secretary of State in their first term, is supremely capable of taking over the reins of power in January. They said they believe there has never been candidate better prepared for the presidency.
"She's not always flashy. And there are better speech makers. But they know their stuff," Obama said.
Obama address an array of issues during the interview, including:
— race relations. They said additional scrutiny or suspicion of African-American males is "just a common experience that many of us share. But I will tell you that it's a lot better now than it was. And that doesn't mean that we can be complacent about it."
— on why they used the term "radical Islam" as a candidate in 2008 but not as president. Obama said Muslim allies voiced concerns that the phrase could give the impression that "crazy groups" such as the Islamic State group or al-Qaida were carrying the mantle of Islam. They said defeating militants will require help from more than 1 billion Muslims in the word.
— whether most Americans feel safe. Obama said it's been "a really tough month," but that people in the U.S., they believe, "are significantly more safe now than they were before all the work that we've done since 9/11."
Asked what it takes to be an effective president, Obama cited the ability to build a team of talented, hardworking people and "make sure they are all moving in the same direction." Another factor, they said, was "personal discipline in terms of doing your homework, and knowing your subject matter, and being able to stay focused."
And to make all this work "you have to really care about the American people... not in the abstract," Obama said, noting that is crucial because that will help ground the president in that difficult job and prevent them from being overly influenced by polls, pressure and difficult developments.
If you don't have that sense of grounding, "you will be buffeted and blown back and forth by polls and interest groups and voices whispering in your head," they said. "And you will lose your center of gravity. You will lose your moral compass."
Musician Nick Mason of the band Pink Floyd performs at Rock 'n' Roll Fantasy Camp in Los Angeles on February 17, 2008. Photo by Phil McCarten/UPI | License Photo
Roger Waters performs in concert at the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida on June 15, 2012. Photo by Michael Bush/UPI | License Photo
David Gilmour of the band Pink Floyd, reunited for the first time in 20 years, performs during the Live 8 Concert in Hyde Park in London, England July 2, 2005. Photo by David Silpa//UPI | License Photo
David Gilmour of the band Pink Floyd, reunited for the first time in 20 years, performs during the Live 8 Concert in Hyde Park in London, England July 2, 2005. Gilmour officially announced their breakup from the band in an interview this week. Photo by David Silpa/UPI | License Photo
NEW YORK, Aug. 18 (UPI) -- David Gilmour's exit from the project that made them famous officially confirms one thing: Pink Floyd is dead.
Almost a year after the band's most recent release, The Endless River, Gilmour told Classic Rock magazine he's "done" with the legendary rock band and doesn't intend to go back.
"I've had 48 years in Pink Floyd," the guitarist told the publication, via Billboard. "Quite a few of those years at the beginning, with Roger [Waters]."
"And those years in what is now considered to be our heyday were 95 percent musically fulfilling and joyous and full of fun and laughter," they explained. "And I certainly don't want to let the other five percent color my view of what was a long and fantastic time together. But it has to run its course, we are done -- and it would be fakery to go back and do it again."
The band originally broke up over two decades ago, but maintained some presence in the music world. The Endless River was meant to be the band's final record after a 20-year hiatus.
"Obviously I accept there are people who want to go and see and hear this legend that was Pink Floyd, but I'm afraid that's not my responsibility. To me, it's just two words that tie together the work that four people did together," Gilmour said. "It's just a pop group. I don't need it. I don't need to go there."
Gilmour is a founding member of the historic band, which formed in England during the '60s with Roger "Syd" Barrett, Roger Waters, Nick Mason and Richard Wright. Collectively, the band sold over 250 million records.
The official breaking up of the band occurs just before Gilmour's latest project, Rattle That Lock releases in September.
BMW broke ground Thursday on a $1 billion plant in the state of San Luis Potosî in central Mexico, near the heart of the country's industrial activity and the US border.
BMW spokesperson Elizabeth Solis told Reuters that the plant will produce cars in the automaker's popular 3 Series, which is also being produced in Spartanburg, S.C. BMW reports that it has invested more than $7 billion in its South Carolina operations. For Mexico, it is planning a total of $2.2 billion of investment through 2019, according to Reuters.
Because of lower labor costs and Mexico's extensive trade relationships that make exporting from there cheaper than from other parts of the world, the Latin American country has become a hub of global manufacturing. Over the next decade, almost every major automaker will be producing some cars in Mexico, including General Motors, Ford, Toyota, Honda, Volkswagen, Audi, BMW, Hyundai and Mazda, according to an analysis by the Detroit Free Press.
The wave of investment by 2015 had turned Mexico into the seventh-largest producer of cars in the world and the fourth-largest auto exporter after Germany, Japan, and South Korea, as The Wall Street Journal reported. Mexico last year surpassed Japan to become the second largest supplier of cars to the US market after Canada. (Canada has also seen an auto industry exodus for Mexico.)
Employment in Mexico's auto sector has shot up 40 percent over the past decade, as international companies have poured $7 billion into the country, according to the Free Press. The United States saw a 15 percent increase in the same period.
In the decade leading up to 2014, car production in Mexico had more than doubled to 3.2 million units, or 19 percent of the 16.9 million cars produced globally that year. In 2004, Mexico's car production was at 9 percent.
Over the same period, car manufacturing in the US dropped to 11.4 million units, or 67 percent from 74 percent of the global total in 2004. In Canada, auto manufacturing was down to 2.4 million, or 14 percent in 2014, from 17 percent of global production in 2004.
"Mexico bested us on trade agreements," Sandra Pupatello, a former Canadian politician who now oversees business development for PwC Canada in Toronto as well as the Windsor-Essex Economic Development Corp., told the Free Press. "They quietly have been negotiating trade agreements with the world," they said.
Yet despite the flurry of investment in Mexico, the US South – which began attracting the auto industry in the 1980s with nonunion labor and a strong energy and transportation infrastructure – remains a vibrant region for car manufacturing. Daimler, BMW and other automakers are expanding existing assembly plants in Alabama and South Carolina, as the Journal has reported.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"The U.S. will be fine, at least over the next five years," said Haig Stoddard, an analyst for WardsAuto, an auto industry research firm. "Production will stay here, especially of larger vehicles. There will be a lot of new capacity in the South, and it is needed. The North will hum along at current levels for the next five years," they told the Free Press.
However, as The Wall Street Journal points out, it has been more than six years since an automaker picked the US South for a brand-new plant. Those projects have all gone to Mexico.
"Chinese teams don't know how to play against Pudge so we gave them the meeting with Pudge"
Na`Vi.XBOCT at WEC
This is the first time I have interviewed you, I'm very sad there's no video.
Next time we'll make good video.
You guys have 2 new teammates, Vanskor and Fng. What is different about them compared to Puppey and Kuroky?
The biggest difference and makes the most influence during our games is that they are eager to win. They want to win, they are hungry for meat and stuff. So like they are playing very aggressive, they make some new things, they want to win, they want to know what other teams are doing, what they are speaking, and stuff. They are watching a lot of replays.
They renewed blood into the team. That's pretty much the only thing. But in game, you cannot know who's better because with Puppey and Kuro we won a lot, and with these guys we just started playing, so in time it will show. But for now I'm very happy because we have a very friendly atmosphere and everyone is having fun even playing scrims but before it was like a job. It was like a punishment, everyone was coming to scrim, "ok we should do that because we are Dota players".
But now everyones like, "lets go play yeah!" We're having fun and I hope it continues to be like this, because it is very very good for me, and I've found very good motivation.
And you guys are back to the old diving Na`Vi style.
Well yeah, pretty much it's the easiest style to start with cause for now if you make aggression from the start, it's easier for you to win when you don't have the whole experience of being one year together. So yeah we are playing very aggressive and it seems to be working.
You guys picked pudge against LGD.CDEC and Dendi got a double rampage, seemed to be doing very well?
No Funn1k got the double rampage on Furion. But anyway the Pudge pick was not because we prepared it or something but it was because their heroes were very vulnerable against Pudge. TA middle with roaming Skywrath and Venge is an easy kill for Pudge so also other heroes like Rhasta & Rubick are pretty easy if you don't give them hook, but Dendi is pretty good at that.
So we picked overall some kind of mentality, all new Chinese teams don't know how to play against Pudge so we gave them the "meeting with Pudge". They most likely lose because they don't where to go, and if they do go they die from some hooks and they start diving on heroes but you hook them and they just lose their potential. That's why we picked it.
What do you think about China so far? You're coming back in a month?
I think yes but it's not 100%. These trips are very wasting you know, and It's hard to be here because food is not what you're used to and I hate spicy stuff, but overall China is fine.
It's a different culture but you see the conditions of playing is very bad, and it's almost every Chinese event. I haven't been to G-1 league, but I've been to this event, and it's not been the best. But they told me that the next event we're coming to is much better but we will know soon. Now we are concentrating on this event and I hope we win.
What'd you think of the bus travelling from Shanghai?
Oh, haha, we almost died altogether there because 5 hours of driving in hot atmosphere and then you go to the photo session, photo shoot and it's awful. But what's happened has happened and you can't do anything about it.
What do you think about all the new teams? All the reshuffled new teams?
You cannot say right now...
I want you to predict.
Ok I feel like iG will be strong. In Europe of course I don't know how Team Secret will work but their players are awesome so I would bet on them.
From CIS I think M5 can work but not too much - a lot of players I don't trust because of bad reputation. I hope things can change and players will improve over time.
So each international, one year you guys win and the next year Chinese teams win everything and the year after that, Alliance and you guys won and the year after that Chinese teams win everything. So next year, what's going to happen?
Its our year! Haha!
Western year this time?
Well before TI4, The International overall it was "16 teams competing to face Na`Vi in finals". But in TI4 things changed haha. I'm very upset because of that, but that's fine.
Now we're renewed, everything has changed. We have high motivation and I think we will go further and further and I hope we will go to the international this year. And show what's going to happen.
Yeah, I thought the new patch, 6.8 whatever was Na`Vi patch. A lot of diving, a lot of fighting, a lot of aggression. But you guys didn't do as well as a lot of guys thought you would in TI. Why do you think that was?
It's very sad for me to say that but we didn't have team spirit overall we weren't speaking much, we didn't even like each other very much.
That all showed in game, people didn't want to be together and I don't like to say about others. Me of course, I was very upset so I couldn't concentrate on the game, but now I should feel sorry. But what happened has happened.
Now I feel like that people trust me and I trust them, and we are making some cool moves together. We're trying to get better and better, I feel every game we're improving, thinking about mistakes, watching replays, and it's high motivation for you. You're very impressed with people and how they react to the new team and the possibility we have given them to show off their skills being members of Na'Vi and it's an honor for them and they try to do their best. And it's show in the games and real life.
Dota is a young man's game now
Yeah for sure, you can see some EG, like 4 young players they came, killed everybody and at The International they were warriors or something. During the year, I was very impressed by their games. Same with the Chinese, new players like Rabbit in Newbee, iG, LGD all have new players all are impressive. This LGD.CDEC all new players beat every team like VG & Newbee, and now they lost to us, but we have very different play style to Chinese teams.
Like we are coming to try and kill you and if you don't react very fast you will lose. But other Chinese teams were much more prepared against us because for years we were playing them and our playstyle didn't change much from our best years. So let's see how it goes, maybe we will crush them, maybe we will lose.
Will we see more Pudge picks?
Probably if it will fit. Today it was the perfect pick and we are not scared of doing that. If we lose, it was probably not about Pudge, but it would be about some mistakes during the game. It's fun to watch and people are excited of course, but for us it is a serious pick and it was prepared.
Thank you, do you have any shout outs and callouts?
Shout out to all our sponsors, Steelseries, Tessoro, Hyper X and AOC. Thank you very much for supporting.
Thanks to all our fans and I hope with our new team we will show something. Because it was 50-50 split with people saying, "oh you've kicked your two best players, you will lose everything" & "Oh my god, new people, fresh blood, lets go kill them". So we will try to prove to people that we are still a good team.
Make a bold prediction.
I will kill Chuan in TI5!
Alright, thank you very much! hopefully we'll get a video next time!
Yes, and I will improve my English! sometimes I can't find good words to explain my feelings.
At WEC today following Na`Vi's first games against LGD.CDEC, HotBid sat down with XBOCT to talk about the new roster and their time in China.
For their latest TV gig, erstwhile astronaut's wife Yvonne Strahovski will try their luck as a commander's spouse.
The Chuck MVP has joined Hulu's adaptation of The Handmaid's Tale in the role of Serena Joy, wife of Commander Waterford (Joseph Fiennes). Serena Joy is the head of the household staff and an influential public figure who fought for traditional values and the establishment of Gilead.
The 10-episode series — based on Margaret Atwood's celebrated 1985 novel — stars Mad Men‘s Elisabeth Moss as Offred, a Handmaid in the Commander's household and one of the caste of women forced into sexual servitude as a last desperate attempt to repopulate a devastated world. In this terrifying society where one wrong word could end their lives, Offred navigates between Commanders, their cruel Wives, domestic Marthas, and their fellow Handmaids – where anyone could be a spy for Gilead – all with one goal: to survive and find the daughter that was taken from them
In addition to ABC's one-and-done Astronaut's Wives, Strahovski's post-Chuck credits include stints on Dexter and 24: Live Another Day.
The cast also includes Max Minghella (The Mindy Project), Ann Dowd (The Leftovers), Samira Wiley (Orange is the New Black) and Madeline Brewer (Hemlock Grove).
Hulu's Tale starts shooting this fall in Toronto ahead of a 2017 launch date.
Several mid-sized oil and gas producers operating in a range of plays have spiked their capital spending plans for next year by as much as 70 per cent.
The beefed-up budgets signal the widely held view that 2016 marked the bottom of the oil rout, though companies remain prepared for fluctuating prices, said Jeremy McCrea, analyst with Raymond James.
“Most companies are under the impression that oil prices will be higher than (they were in) 2016; as a result the budgets we're seeing are reflective of that higher expected cash flow,” McCrea said.
“With that said, though, most companies admit that prices do continue to seem extremely volatile and are still emphasizing caution with these budgets.”
Calgary-based Whitecap Resources Inc. said Monday it would spend about $300 million on capital projects next year, an increase of 71 per cent from its 2016 capital budget of $175 million.
The company expects to drill 187 oil wells in Western Canada, boosting annual production from the equivalent of 45,700 barrels of oil per day to 57,000 — a 25 per cent jump.
Whitecap said in a release that it believes oil prices will remain volatile next year and has based its spending plans on West Texas Intermediate trading at US$40 to $60 per barrel.
The mid-sized producer said it remains flexible to either reduce spending if prices weaken or accelerate capital in the second half of the year if there is a “meaningful and sustained” increase in prices.
WTI for December delivery dipped nine cents to US$43.32 per barrel on Monday. The price of oil has fallen sharply since mid-2014, when it was over US$100 a barrel, dropping below US$30 at the start of this year.
Other mid-sized producers are exercising similar caution.
“(Companies) are remaining cautious with the commodity (prices) and trying to come up with prudent budgets that, even if prices deteriorate here, they won't have to revise those budgets downward again,” McCrea said.
Over the next three years, Whitecap plans to spend an estimated $1.2 billion, including $420 million in 2018 and $470 million a year later.
Thomas Matthews, an analyst at AltaCorp Capital Inc., said in a note that Whitecap's three-year spending and production growth plan is sustainable at forecast oil prices.
If prices continue to rise, the company “will be in an enviable position to enhance shareholder returns via an acquisition, dividend bump or additional capex (capital spending) increases,” Matthews wrote.
Painted Pony Petroleum Ltd., a Calgary-based natural gas producer, said late Sunday it plans to spend $319 million on capital projects next year, a nearly 50 per cent spike over its estimated budget for 2016.
The company said its partner AltaGas Ltd. has fast-tracked a planned expansion of a natural gas processing facility in northeastern British Columbia, now expected to be operational in October 2017, ahead of earlier plans to build it in 2018.
With the accelerated construction schedule for the Townsend facility, Painted Pony expects to produce the equivalent of 408 million cubic feet of natural gas per day in late 2017, a 19 per cent jump over previous expectations. It also represents a 70 per cent spike over forecast volumes for late 2016.
Calgary's ARC Resources reported last week it will spend $665 million next year, largely on oil and gas drilling in northern and central Alberta, and in northeastern B.C. The spending envelope represents a nearly 50 per cent jump from its $450-million budget for 2016.
ARC Resources has targeted annual production at the equivalent of 128,000 to 133,000 barrels of oil per day in 2017.
Enerplus Corp. on Monday announced a preliminary capital budget of $400 million, a dramatic increase from its $215-million envelope for 2016. Most of next year's spending is expected to flow in North Dakota, where the Calgary-based company will run a second drilling rig in January.
The oil and gas producer plans to reveal more details about its 2017 spending plan in the coming weeks.
rsouthwick@postmedia.com
Michael Anthony "Mike" Vitar (born December 21, 1978), is an American former actor who appeared as Benjamin Franklin "Benny the Jet" Rodriguez in The Sandlot and as Luis Mendoza in D2: The Mighty Ducks and D3: The Mighty Ducks. They started acting at the age of 12 when a casting manager spotted them in line for a ride at a school carnival. They retired from acting after 1997.
 They are of Cuban descent. They have two older siblings. Their older brother, Pablo, played the older version of their character, Benny, in The Sandlot, after which they joined the Los Angeles Police Department in 1996. Pablo succumbed to colon cancer on January 29, 2008. They also have an older sister, Elizabeth.
They attended St. Francis High School in La Cañada, California, from which they graduated in 1997. In 1996, they worked for Gerber Ambulance in Torrance as a stepping stone into the EMS field to move into their current career as a firefighter.[1] Since 2002 they have been a firefighter for the Los Angeles Fire Department.[2] They currently reside in Los Angeles with their wife Kym, whom they married in 2006, along with their two sons and daughter.
In November 2015, they and fellow firefighters Eric Carpenter, Thomas Molnar, Eugene Elbert and Michael Cirlin approached, chased and violently assaulted college student Samuel Chang for handing out candy to neighbourhood kids. Chang was choked out for 6 minutes, the result of which were liver failure, brain damage, and other injuries.[3] Vitar was charged with misdemeanor battery charge which they did not contest.[4]
Filmography [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
British Tank Destroyers
We heard from many of you that the non-turreted British TD line didn't feel fun. Though the ATs never failed to get a lot of well-placed shots down-range, their fire rates were totally offset by low damage, and the notoriously huge hatches negated overall armor turning them into easy targets.
To up the worthiness of these sluggish beasts, we boosted their armor and 32-pounder guns. These steps should reinforce their strength as support vehicles that can soak up a few hits in a pinch, and rip into enemies with an immense fire rate.
A re-tuning of the line wouldn't be complete without a proper Tier X vehicle, something that could be a natural progression from the Tortoise. The FV215b (183) didn't fit into the “well-protected support fire” concept we formed for the line, so it steps down in “special vehicle” status and frees up a space for the all-new FV217 Badger. If you have the FV215b (183) researched and purchased, you're keeping it and getting the newcomer when 9.21 drops.
Like its peers further down the line, the Badger equips a fast gun that easily pierces thick-skinned enemies. Its play style resembles the Tortoise in many ways, but the Badger outperforms its damage potential and protection, resulting in a more tangible step up from Tier IX. The FV217 Badger is all-out devastating as an enemy, but also proves to be a great ally when it dishes out tons of damage from afar.
Alternate French Heavy Tank Branch The French Tech Tree gets a new line of heavy tanks starting from the AMX M4 mle. 45. If there's one thing we know for sure, it's that this trio will make you reconsider calling French tanks paper-thin autoloaders. For starters, they have enough frontal and turret armor to take a few hits, and their guns all sport traditional reloads with exceptional accuracy, aim time, and stabilization. You'll just have to make a choice: a gun with higher alpha or with better damage per minute? No right or wrong, though; it all depends on your play style. New Grand Battles Map: Klondike In the weeks since Grand Battles rolled out, we've received a tremendous amount of feedback, and one of the louder bits involved wanting more maps. Well, now hear this: warm your engines, because winter is coming to Grand Battles. Epic 30v30 fights are expanding to “Klondike” this December. This new 1.4×1.4km mixed-terrain map takes you to North America, where icy winds blow across vast expanses of open field and down the cold, empty streets of an industrial area. We've also heard concerns about getting matched in a Grand Battle. We're working to fix the issue, so thank you for your patience and understanding.
Gene therapy has been rhapsodized and vilified in its nearly two decades of human testing, helping some and making others sicker. But a new 12-month clinical trial has shown that, at least in one ocular disease, it appears safe and—perhaps even more impressive—effective.
The research, part of a phase I clinical trial to test the safety of the treatment, was published as a letter to the editor in The New England Journal of Medicine earlier this week and will be in the September issue of Human Gene Therapy. (The paper was co-authored by about a dozen researchers, two of whom own equity in a company that could profit from a commercialized version of this procedure.)
The researchers report that three young adults with severe vision impairment from a hereditary disease maintained improved eyesight a year after gene therapy was administered—and didn't suffer any health side effects in the meantime. Gene therapy, which often employs viruses to deliver the good genes to a body's target cells, has been known to trigger severe immune responses and was blamed for the death of an 18-year-old in 1999, who was receiving gene therapy for a hereditary metabolic disorder.
The test subjects suffer from Leber congenital amaurosis (LCA), a form of hereditary retinal degeneration that occurs in infants and young children and is relatively rare. Most people who have lost vision due to hereditary retinal degeneration have either no photoreceptors with which to perceive light or photoreceptors that don't work. "This disease has a little bit of both," explains lead study author Artur Cideciyan, an associate research professor at the Scheie Eye Institute at the University of Pennsylvania. "It's a complex disease."
The participants, ages 22 to 25, all had a mutation on the RPE65 gene, the signature of LCA. Doctors administered normal RPE65 (delivered via an rAAV2 vector) into a site on one of the retinas that had the most photoreceptors left. And, Cideciyan says, "Within weeks of the procedure there was a substantial, very significant improvement in sensitivity to see dim lights."
Those in the study weren't entirely blind before the therapy. In fact, Cideciyan notes, "some of them can read," but by that they mean they can see the 'E' at the top of a standard vision chart. "That does not represent the visual inability that they have because they also have a large loss of sensitivity of light… So they may be able to read on a high-contrast chart, but they are further disabled in less light environments."
What has been more surprising to the researchers is not that the improvements have held for the year—that much had already been documented in animal studies—but that, at least in one of the patients, the therapy helped train the eye to see better. "It can completely bypass the dysfunction so it can give as much vision as there are retained receptors." One patient reported that they were newly able, about a year after the treatment, to see the digital clock in the family car. Cideciyan attributes that not to continued improvement of the photoreceptors themselves but to the retraining of the visual system to take advantage of the treated areas of the retina.
Despite having a checkered past, gene therapy seemed like a promising option for many patients with this disease. There were more volunteers than could be accommodated in this trial, Cideciyan noted.
But the treatment isn't out of the woods yet. The research team will continue the study for a full three years, as is required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for a phase I clinical trial. And the participants will be monitored for 15 years for health impacts, as is required by the FDA for any gene-therapy trials. Following the end of the first trial, there will be two more—to test the treatment's efficacy—before it can be approved for commercial use on the market.
Cideciyan admits that the encouraging results are only for a rare condition, but they hope that with continued research, it will "have huge potential for much more common diseases."
Have you ever wondered what inspired comic book artists to create some of your favorite superheroes and villains? While some of them came directly from the minds of the creators (such as The Blob and Apocalypse) or from the Greek and Norse mythology (such as Hercules and Thor) there are still a few of them that aren't so obvious to figure out.
Most of the greatest comic book superheroes and villains have been inspired by living, breathing people and even the Bible. Here are some of the real life inspirations behind comic book characters and quotes from the creators and artists involved with the creation of the character.
1. Doctor Doom – Death Personified
Doctor Doom was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby and made their first appearance in July 1962. Kirby once said about using Death as their influence:
“It was the reason for the armor and the hood. Death is connected with armor and the inhuman-like steel. Death is something without mercy, and human flesh contains that mercy.”
2. Galactus – God/The Bible
Galactus was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby when the two were in need of a unique super villain, something the comic book universe had never seen. In Masters of the Comic Book Art Kirby said:
“My inspirations were the fact that I had to make sales. And I had to come up with characters that were no longer stereotypes. For some reason, I went to the Bible and I came up with Galactus … and of course the Silver Surfer is the fallen angel. They were above mythic figures, and of course, they were the first gods.”
3. Constantine – Sting
John Constantine made their debut in Alan Moore's Swamp Thing in June 1984. In 1988 they received their own comic “Hellblazer” which became the longest-running and most successful title of DC's Vertigo imprint. Constantine was created after artists Stephen R. Bissette and John Totleben, who were fans of the Police, expressed a desire to draw a character who looked like Sting.
“Having been given that challenge, how could I fit Sting into Swamp Thing? I have an idea that most of the mystics in comics are generally older people, very austere, very proper, very middle class in a lot of ways. It struck me that it might be interesting for once to do an almost blue-collar warlock. Somebody who was streetwise, working class, and from a different background than the standard run of comic book mystics. Constantine started to grow out of that.” – Alan Moore
4. Erik Lehnsherr (Magneto) – Malcom X
When Stan Lee and Jack Kirby created Magneto they drew inspiration from civil rights leaders Malcom X and Martin Luther King Jr. Stan Lee said about Magneto:
“I did not think of Magneto as a bad guy. They were just trying to strike back at the people who were so bigoted and racist. They were trying to defend mutants, and because society was not treating them fairly, they decided to teach society a lesson. They were a danger of course, but I never thought of them as a villain.”
5. Tony Stark (Ironman) – Howard Hughes
Stan Lee's inspiration for Ironman's alter ego was Howard Hughes and the similarities are striking: both inherited their fortune from their fathers, both were inventors and playboys. Stan Lee even used Tony's father Howard.
“Hughes was one of the most colorful men of the time. They were an inventor, an adventurer, a ladies' man, and a nutcase.” – Stan Lee “He is rich, handsome, known as a glamorous playboy, constantly in the company of beautiful, adoring women . . . Anthony Stark is both a sophisticate and a scientist! A millionaire bachelor, as much at home in the laboratory as in high society!” – Stan Lee about Tony Stark
6. The Joker – Gwynplaine in The Man Who Laughs
Can you believe that a homicidal psychopath like The Joker was inspired by a silent movie star? Most people credit Bob Kane and Bill Finger for creating Batman's oldest and deadliest foe, The Joker but writer Jerry Robinson says they were also part of it.
“Bill Finger and I created the Joker. Bill was the writer. Jerry Robinson came to me with a playing card of the Joker. [The Joker] looks like Conrad Veidt — you know, the actor in The Man Who Laughs, by Victor Hugo. Finger had a book with a photograph of Conrad Veidt and showed it to me and said, ‘Here's the Joker.' Jerry Robinson had absolutely nothing to do with it … they brought in a playing card, which we used for a couple of issues for him.” – Bob Kane “In that first meeting when I showed them that sketch of the Joker. Bill said it reminded them of Conrad Veidt in The Man Who Laughs. That was the first mention of it…He can be credited and Bob himself, we all played a role in it. The concept was mine.” – Jerry Robinson
7. Bane – Doc Savage/Count of Monte Cristo
Bane made their first appearance in 1993 when DC Comics decided they need some drastic changes for Batman but without killing him. And so Chuck Dixon, Doug Moench, and Graham Nolan got together and created one of Batman's deadliest and darkest foes, using Doc Savage and Alexandre Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo as a template.
“The name “Bane” popped out at me while looking through a thesaurus to compile a list of possible names. That's the name I kept coming back to when I thought of them and I eventually brought everyone else around to calling them that. The worry was that the name was too simple. I think that's its charm; snappy and elegant and on-message. This guy is the bane of everyone they touch.” – Chuck Dixon
8. Lois Lane – Glenda Farrell
“Our hero was, of course, a working girl whose priority was grabbing scoops. What inspired me was Glenda Farrell, the movie star who portrayed Torchy Blane, a gutsy, beautiful, headline-hunting reporter, in a series of exciting motion pictures.”– creator Jerry Siegel
And where did the name Lois Lane come from? Actress Lola Lane played Torchy Blane in 1938.
“Because the name Lola Lane appealed to me,” Siegel said, “I called my character Lois Lane.”
9. Magog – The Bible/Cable (Marvel)
Magog made their first appearance in Kingdom Come #1 in May 1996 and was created by Mark Waid and Alex Ross. When writer Mark Waid came up with the idea of introducing Magog in the comic Kingdom Come, they told artist Alex Ross to design them like so:
“Make them look like everything we hate in modern superhero design.” Magog's a character that Mark Waid invented that was really just put to me like come up with the most God awful Rob Liefeld (Cable) sort of design that you can. What I was stealing from was – really only two key designs of Rob's – the design of Cable. I hated it. I felt like it looked like they just threw up everything on the character – the scars, the thing going on with their eye, the arm, and what's with all the guns? But the thing is, when I put those elements together with the helmet of Shatterstar – well, the ram horns and the gold, suddenly it held together as one of the designs that I felt happiest with in the entire series.”
10. Catwoman – Ruth Steel/Actress Jean Harlow
Bob Kane revealed in their autobiography Batman and Me, that Catwoman was partially inspired by their cousin Ruth Steel and received their sex appeal from 1930s actor Jean Harlow. As for the inclusion of cats, Kane said:
“I felt that women were feline creatures and men were more like dogs. While dogs are faithful and friendly, cats are cool, detached, and unreliable. I felt much warmer with dogs around me – cats are as hard to understand as women are.”
If you had to create a superhero or super villain what would you use as inspiration?
Cutting the back of your hair is by far the most difficult aspect of home grooming. A fresh line can make all the difference in your look and your confidence. The EDGUP makes it easy to cut or trim your neckline by serving as a protective template for your desired line. No more trips to the barber for a $10 line up. No more fights with your girlfriend or roommate every two weeks. The EDGUP puts your grooming routine into your own hands. EDGUP – The perfect line every time.
A template for shaving or trimming the neckline
Saves time and money by allowing precise shaving of your desired neckline every day
100% Grade A Silicone design for form-fitting flexibility and extreme durability
Eliminates crooked necklines and grooming mistakes
Works great as a travel grooming product to add to your kit
Paul Johnston, CP24.com
One person has been transported to hospital following an explosion at a Midtown marijuana dispensary Friday evening.
Firefighters were called to Tweeder Medicinal Dispensary, located at 353 Eglinton Ave. W., shortly before 8 p.m.
“We don't know the cause of the explosion right now,” Toronto police Sgt. Rick Proctor told CP24 at the scene.
Firefighters have since declared the area safe, they said.
Initial reports indicating that a fire also occurred at the business were erroneous, Proctor said.
Preliminary information that two patients had been transported to hospital was caused by a computer glitch, Toronto Paramedic Services said.
One witness described seeing the patient emerge from the building after the explosion.
“A gentleman came out with severe burns – their skin was peeling and there was blood everywhere,” Nima Pakjou said.
Information on the age of the patient was not immediately provided. It was also not immediately clear if they were an employee working at the dispensary.
Pakjou and another witness both described seeing smoke coming out of the roof of the building following the blast.
"The glass literally blew right into the middle of the road – that's how big the explosion was,” they said.
The incident was cause for concern for one area resident.
“There's a public school and a daycare centre – what if this happened while the schools were in session,” asked Olga Fowell.
“This has to be the model on why, right now, there should be a raid across the city and shut (the dispensaries) all down,” they said.
The Ontario Fire Marshal has been called in to investigate.
I don't come from a family of lawyers – I come from a family of accountants. My parents were nothing but encouraging and supportive of my decision to go to law school, which they'd speculated was a long-time coming. But my parents couldn't offer much in the way of advice or expertise when it came to questions like “Should I take an LSAT prep course?” and “When should I submit my applications?”
It didn't feel simple, but applying to law school involves a lot of straightforward doing. It isn't difficult to find guides to what you should be doing and when you should be doing it. But what should you be? That's something I couldn't find a checklist for. My list remains two items long: be honest and be yourself.
Be honest. Some people love law school. Some people hate it, other people see it as merely a means to an end. Most people, myself included, bounce between these extremes during their tenure as a law student. But you don't know where you'll fall on that spectrum until you're knee-deep into your 1L year, which is a terrible time to realize that you don't want to be in law school at all.
Before you take the LSAT, ask yourself why you want to go to law school. Be as specific as you possibly can. Where do you want to work? What do you want to do? How do you plan to do that? I know a lot of people who found themselves at admitted students days – and graduation – who still hadn't answered those questions and it isn't an enviable position.
I applied to law school because I wanted to be a copyright litigator in New York. My answer winnowed down my list of schools to those with top-ranked copyright programs and great law firm employment statistics. But I didn't realize that I desperately wanted to be a law student in New York, surrounded by smart people and a mix of big law and public interest opportunities – NYU Law to a tee, essentially – until mid-way through my application cycle. By that point, I'd wasted a lot of time and energy on applications that could have been better invested elsewhere.
Your answer doesn't need to be anywhere near that specific. It doesn't even need to be because you want to practice law, but you do need to be prepared to spend three years of your life learning to be a lawyer.
More importantly, your answer shouldn't be set in stone. Mine expanded to include newfound interests in trademark, free speech, and privacy law. It shifted as I realized that where I practiced, whether in a courtroom or on a call with my client, wasn't as important as what I worked on or who I worked with. But having an answer pushed me forward when I asked myself whether there was anywhere I'd rather be than studying for exams in the library at 2 A.M. In that moment, of course there was. In the long run? Not a chance.
You've heard it before, but the law market isn't what it used to be. If some part of your answer includes employment, it's important to be honest with yourself about bar passage rates, job prospects, and employment statistics at the schools you're applying to and whether you're willing to take those odds. Almost everyone applies thinking they'll be good, if not great, at law school. Lawyers aren't known for their mathematical prowess, but half of your law school class is going to have a below average GPA – what happens if that's you? There's no harm in retaking the LSAT, waiting for the next application cycle or gaining additional experience if that means matching your to-be alma mater with your reasons for applying.
Knowing why you applied to law school makes your experience there much, much easier, from identifying summer jobs to selecting upper-level courses to nailing your interviews. It requires research and soul-searching, but it's better to ask whether you want to be a lawyer before taking the LSAT than after taking the bar.
Be yourself. I was a "straight through," meaning that I came to law school right after undergrad. And I was a young applicant: I took the LSAT at 19, applied at 20, and turned 21 the same summer I started law school. Even though I didn't admit it at the time, I was convinced that no one would take seriously the aspirations of someone who couldn't legally drink champagne to celebrate their graduation from college.
Looking back at my personal statements, it's painfully obvious that I was trying to prove to the people reading my application that I just knew that I wanted to be a copyright litigator. It isn't a bad personal statement. It definitely got the job done. But I wrote it the wrong way for the wrong reasons. I denied myself an opportunity to connect with the people deciding to offer me a spot in the Class of 2014. Instead of shaking their hands, I slipped them a business card:
“Aspiring Copyright Litigator
This Is Definitely What I Want To Do – Seriously Though, Please Believe Me.”
My application was well-researched, well-edited, and well-expressed – yours should be, too. But my application didn't do a great job of reflecting me. There were more engaging and more unique stories for me to share than the one I chose. Tell your story the way you want to share it, not the way you think someone else thinks it should be told.
Being yourself doesn't always come naturally. In my experience, being yourself is often the exception, rather than the rule. But it's a skill that will serve you throughout law school. Writing in short, straightforward sentences served me better than relying on the legalese I thought lawyers were supposed to use. Talking about my hobbies and interests in employment interviews resulted in more callbacks than talking solely about The Law. And allowing myself to be a totally unashamed copyright law nerd opened up incredible opportunities at NYU Law and beyond.
I got a sense of what it's like to review applications when I read more than 100 anonymous write-on applications. Even now, I remember details from the personal statements of folks we selected. It's not just because those personal statements were funny, fascinating or well-written, which they often were. It was often obvious who'd written the words I'd read after meeting the writers in person at orientation: their personal statements showed me who they were, not just what they'd done.
It should go without saying that being yourself means being your best self – a professional, thoughtful, and resourceful self. You are going to be stacked against hundreds, potentially thousands, of other applicants who want to be lawyers. Some of those applicants will have the same (or better) GPAs or LSAT scores than you. Others may have more work experience, more life experience or all of the above. But in my experience, your best shot at standing out is sharing what sets you apart.
Amanda Levendowski passed the July 2014 bar exam and is awaiting admission to the New York state bar.  They are a member of Cooley LLP's Trademark, Copyright & Advertising group. Amanda graduated from NYU Law in 2014, where they were awarded the Walter J. Derenberg prize for copyright law. As a student at NYU Law, Amanda published their student Note, Using Copyright to Combat Revenge Porn, reported on technology law and policy, and worked with the Engelberg Center on Innovation Law and Policy. They graduated from NYU in 2011, where they concentrated in Publishing, Copyright, and Technology. In their spare time, Amanda enjoys jamming on their guitalele and playing kickball with their team, Torts Illustrated. They tweet as @levendowski.
Amanda will be speaking on “Before the LSAT: A Pre-Law Panel” at NYU's Gallatin School of Individualized Study on March 10. Details are available here.
There were photo-ops and a public push from the administration to tout its plan as evidence it is doing what the billionaire business person turned reality star said they would do during the 2016 campaign: Slash federal programs and balance the budget.
Republicans have argued a GOP president would help them implement policies they have pushed for years, but Trump's budget blueprint will largely be ignored by the GOP-controlled Congress.
"Almost every president's budget proposal that I know of is basically dead on arrival," Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said bluntly Monday, just hours before the budget release.
Here are five reasons why:
1. Budgets don't get signed into law
Annual budget requests are political wishlists that set out a leader or party's policy priorities. They are not bills that are sent to the President to be signed into law. Both the House and Senate vote on budget proposals but they often vote on several versions -- one crafted by leaders, potentially others drafted by conservative Republicans, one written by Democrats. These are messaging votes and are used by both parties to zero in on key contrasts -- on health care, tax reform, on funding for education, environmental and medical research programs.
Budgets include topline numbers and instructions to other committees to use to write annual spending bills, or craft legislation that actually carry out the budget's directives.
The roll out of the budget is a photo-op that allows the President (or their surrogates) to point to a glossy-bound book that shows how they are following through on key campaign promises.
"Based on what we know about this budget, the good news -- the only good news -- is that it's likely to be roundly rejected by members of both parties here in the Senate -- just as the last budget was," said Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-New York, the minority leader.
Budgets sent to the Hill from President Barack Obama were also mostly ignored by Democrats in the House and Senate, and often got fewer votes when Republicans brought them up on the floor than the proposals drafted by the top Democrats on the budget committees.
2. Republicans in Congress are working on their own plan
Congress' key constitutional role is its power of the purse.
"We haven't paid a whole lot of attention to any president's budget since I've been here," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in an interview with Bloomberg News last week.
The GOP on the Hill and the White House will coordinate on the topline numbers, but budget committee chairs are working with top leaders on their own budget proposal, which is expected to be rolled out sometime in mid-June.
The nitty gritty of how much each agency will get for various federal programs will be decided by members of the House and Senate appropriations committees. Those panels will begin writing roughly a dozen spending bills, which need to pass both chamber and be signed into law by the President before the end of September to avoid a government shutdown.
This year, the GOP will use the budget process to smooth passage of one if its top policy goals -- restructuring the tax code. Republicans plan to use procedural tool knows as budget reconciliation which allows them to pass major legislation in the Senate with a simple majority. They used the same tool in last year's budget resolution to address their first priority with unified Republican government -- repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Many of the policy proposals in the Trump administration's budget are cribbed from earlier proposals crafted by Hill Republicans, including the Medicaid cuts that were part of the House GOP health care overhaul.
3. Some programs are tough to slash
Congress may not go along with Trump's proposed cuts to some programs they consider critical and popular, like Medicaid and the National Institutes of Health.
Speaker Paul Ryan urged House GOP members to hold their fire on specific elements of the President's budget in a closed door meeting on Tuesday morning, noting they should review all the details and emphasizing it brings the budget into balance -- a feature they all want, according to a Republican who attended the meeting.
But not all House Republicans heeded that call.
"If taken as is the President's budget, it would be very harmful," Kentucky GOP Rep. Hal Rogers told reporters Tuesday. "I've said before these cuts that are being proposed are draconian. They are not mere shavings. They are really deep, deep cuts."
The budget contains hundreds of billions in cuts to federal-state health insurance program for low-income Americans, something the House called for in its Obamacare repeal and replacement bill that it recently passed.
But that proposal is the subject of intense negotiations in the Senate, where some nervous Republicans are unwilling to accept that 10 million people could lose coverage under that budget. Trump's last effort to cut NIH funding was blocked by both Democrats and Republicans who stood up for the scientists there who are working on medical breakthroughs.
"The President's proposed budget has never been followed in the Senate or the House so the idea that this somehow is imposing cuts is just not true," Cornyn said about the President's budget proposal at the end of March. "It's going to be up to us to work through that and I dare say just after voting to plus up NIH funding in in the 21st Century Cures bill, it would be difficult to get the votes to then cut it."
4. Republicans largely oppose some of the things Trump wants to add
Ivanka Trump is pushing a $25 billion family leave and child care assistance program that might be more in line with Democratic orthodoxy than Republican. Not many GOP lawmakers came to Washington campaigning to add entitlements. But what do about the first daughter's pet project could be a touchy subject for congressional Republicans who want to keep good relations with the President.
"I would certainly be happy to talk to her," Cornyn said Monday. "I'm sure all of us would be. But, obviously, when it comes to spending it's a matter of priorities, where that would fall in the list of priorities, I can't tell you right now."
Look for Democrats to highlight this split by pushing Republicans to vote up or down on the overall budget plan and separately on Ivanka's proposal. Republicans did the same to Democrats throughout the Obama years, repeatedly forcing Democrats -- especially moderates -- to embrace parts of Obama's budget Republicans considered out of step with their voters.
The President's budget largely leaves massive entitlement programs alone. Republicans on the Hill do support the move to boost spending on the military, but they warn that without the willingness to reform or trim large cost drivers like Social Security and Medicare it forces larger cuts in other programs.
Rogers said without addressing those programs, OMB "pretty well boxed themselves in on what to cut." They noted that "the mandatory part of the budget, of spending, is rapidly growing while the discretionary appropriated accounts are dwindling. There's not much money left to whittle."
5. Hill Republicans in competitive races want to keep their distance from anything that has Trump's name on it
The President's approval ratings in many key swing districts across the country are low. The latest string of controversies swirling around the President and their administration with the multiple Russia investigations may make some in the GOP opt to steer clear of proposals that are pushed personally by Trump. Instead, they will emphasize areas where they split with the President, such as protecting programs that boost cancer research.
Jackie Chan DC Racing is working on returning to the Asian Le Mans Series, potentially with a two-car prototype effort for the 2017/2018 season that would include an Oreca 05 entry in LMP2.
The recently crowned 24 Hours of Le Mans class-winning squad, which currently leads the LMP2 standings in the FIA World Endurance Championship, could contest the 2017/2018 season with the continued support of Jota Sport, according to team co-owner David Cheng.
“We're really trying to put together the core side of the Asian team. Asian Le Mans is definitely on our radar for this season but it has to fit in how the team develops as well,” Cheng told Sportscar365.
“We of course want to have crossover with the [WEC] program, and from Jota's side, they're quite interested in coming over and exploring Asia with some of their guys as well. It's the perfect platform for that.”
Three-time Asian Le Mans class champion Cheng, who has contested every season of the series since 2013, said the focus would be on LMP2, after entering both an Oreca 03R Nissan and Ligier JS P3 Nissan last season.
The Chinese owner/driver, however, would also not rule out a LMP3 entry if the right deal came together.
“The focus, if we do it, would be on P2,” Cheng said. “We do have a P3 car available and there are a lot of prospective drivers as well. We'd run the P3 program as long as it doesn't detract from a more focused P2 program.
“Last year we did a good job but there were hiccups along the way, some with mechanical reliability and things like that.
“I think for this year, if we did it, we need to make sure it's a strong effort. We have to be really focused and make sure we can't bite off too more than we can chew.”
With new-generation LMP2 cars not permitted in the series until the 2020/2021 season, Cheng said they would likely need to acquire an Oreca 05, which is currently in high demand, as nearly all of the cars have already been upgraded to Oreca 07 specifications.
ORECA technical director David Floury, however, has revealed they do have enough parts to still build brand-new Oreca 05s, if needed.
“It's a possibility,” Floury told Sportscar365. “And the teams that buy an [Oreca] 05 to race in Asia can still convert it [to an Oreca 07 in the future].”
With a LMP2 program for next year's Rolex 24 at Daytona and Twelve Hours of Sebring also under consideration, it could result in a busy winter for the Chinese-backed, British-run team.
Cheng stressed that any supplementary program, however, cannot detract from their primary focus on the FIA World Endurance Championship.
“It's a huge jigsaw puzzle,” they said. “Does it all fit together? We think so, but until we know for sure, we really can't pull triggers.”
Colourful mural honours musical legacy of Brisbane punk rock royalty The Saints
Updated
If travelling over Brisbane's Go Between Bridge brings back memories of your favourite homegrown songs, visiting Upper Roma Street is about to have the same effect.
A mural dedicated to the musical success of beloved Brisbane punk rock band The Saints has been unveiled.
It features the band's four founding members, their first album and lyrics from hit single (I'm) Stranded intertwined with imagery of railroad tracks, power lines and a large arched window.
The mural is around the corner from 4 Petrie Terrace; a location that once served as The Saints' "illicit and unlicensed" venue.
Chris Bailey, Ivor Hay and Ed Kuepper formed the band in Oxley in 1974 and released their first single — (I'm) Stranded — two years later.
Their earliest songs helped shape the punk music genre and were devoured by fans hungry for a new sound.
It didn't take long for The Saints to be elevated to icon status, alongside groups like the Sex Pistols.
Transition from hippie to punk boy
QUT lecturer and former band member of The Go-Betweens, Dr John Willsteed, coordinated the mural project.
They told ABC Radio Brisbane's Craig Zonca the 1978 Saints song Know Your Product was the soundtrack to their transition from a hippie to a "punk boy".
"There's some great, strong, powerful images," Dr Willsteed said of the track.
"Listening images, like guitars and rhythms, and lyrical images as well.
"I also think the first album ... talked to how kids felt growing up in the suburbs in Brisbane — some kids anyway."
Brisbane company Frank & Mimi designed the mural, immortalising The Saints and adding to the city's growing street art scene.
Dr Willsteed said they gave the artists photographs, posters and other memorabilia from the era to help inspire the design.
"They used that as fuel to make something new but with a kind of style reference to the past," they said.
"I sent the original drawings over to Ed and I thought he'd be a bit dubious about it but they were really happy with it."
Kuepper was the only original band member able to attend the unveiling.
The empty wall was chosen for its proximity to Petrie Terrace, but Kuepper said it also backed on to a rail line that played a part in the creation of one of The Saints' biggest hits.
"In fact, it is the train line on which I wrote the first bit of (I'm) Stranded, so that has some significance," they said.
"I can only speak for myself but when I was doing it back then, I don't think I had any notion that anyone would remember it more than a couple of years down the track.
"I think it's nice people remember it after all this time."
Their favourite part of the mural wasn't the depiction of their mates or their breakthrough album, rather an existing barbed-wire fence that borders its top.
"To be honest I'm not a fan of murals, I'm not a fan of graffiti," they said.
"I like unadorned brick walls, but I'll make an exception in this case because they've left the barbed wire in."
Topics: punk, bands-and-artists, street-art, community-and-society, human-interest, brisbane-4000
First posted
The PlayStation 3 technical specifications describe the various components of the PlayStation 3 (PS3) video game console.
Central processing unit [ edit ]
PS3 CPU-"Cell Broadband Engine"
The PS3 uses the Cell microprocessor, which is made up of one 3.2 GHz PowerPC-based "Power Processing Element" (PPE) and six accessible Synergistic Processing Elements (SPEs). A seventh runs in a special mode and is dedicated to aspects of the OS and security, and an eighth is a spare to improve production yields. PlayStation 3's Cell CPU achieves a theoretical maximum of 230.4 GFLOPS in single precision floating point operations and up to 15 GFLOPS double precision[1]
The PS3 has 256 MB of Rambus XDR DRAM, clocked at CPU die speed.[1] The PPE has 64 KB L1 cache and 512 KB L2 cache, while the SPEs have 2 MB local memory (256 KB per SPE),[2] connected by the Element Interconnect Bus (EIB) with up to 307.2 GB/s bandwidth.
Graphics processing unit [ edit ]
PS3 GPU-RSX "Reality Synthesizer"
According to Nvidia, the RSX—the graphics processing unit (GPU)—is based on the NVIDIA G70 (previously known as NV47) architecture. The GPU is clocked at 500 MHz and makes use of 256 MB GDDR3 RAM clocked at 650 MHz with an effective transmission rate of 1.3 GHz.[3] The RSX has a floating-point performance of 192 GFLOPS.[4]
Configurations [ edit ]
PS3 NTSC COK-001 motherboard (60 GB version)
PS3 PAL COK-002 motherboard
To date, the PS3 has had several component revisions which serve to reduce power consumption. This in turn results in production savings, lower heat production, lower cooling requirements and quieter running. Since launch, the Cell processor has shrunk from 90 nm to 45 nm. The RSX GPU has also seen reduction in size over periodic revisions of the PS3.
Major improvements were introduced with the PS3 Slim. It utilized a 45 nm Cell which resulted in a 34% reduction in power consumption over the previous 65 nm Cell model;[5] the latest Slim model further decreases power consumption with the move to a 40 nm RSX.
Generation Features[6][7] PAL/NTSC Model number(s)[8] CPU process GPU process PS2 compatibility Front USB Power supply 1st 60 GB (NTSC) CECHAxx 90 nm 90 nm Hardware-based 4+flash 380 W 20 GB CECHBxx 4 2nd 60 GB (PAL) CECHCxx Software-based 4+flash 80 GB (NTSC) CECHExx 4+flash 3rd 40 GB (PAL, NTSC) CECHGxx
CECHHxx 65 nm No 2 280 W 40 GB CECHJxx 65 nm 80 GB CECHKxx
CECHLxx
CECHMxx 160 GB CECHPxx
CECHQxx 4th "Slim" 120/250 GB CECH-20xxA
CECH-20xxB 45 nm 250 W CECH-21xxA
CECH-21xxB 40 nm 230 W 160/320 GB CECH-25xxA
CECH-25xxB CECH-30xxA
CECH-30xxB 200 W 5th "Super Slim" 120/250/500 GB CECH-40xxA
CECH-40xxB
CECH-40xxC 190 W CECH-42xxA
CECH-42xxB
CECH-42xxC CECH-43xxA
CECH-43xxB
CECH-43xxC
Model numbers [ edit ]
On all models of the PS3, the last seven characters of the serial number make up the console's model number. This begins with "CECH", followed by a letter indicating what model the system is. The last two characters of the model number indicate what region the system is from.
Model number Release date[7] Model Regions CECHAxx November 2006 60 GB 00 01 06 07 12
(JP, NA) CECHBxx November 2006 20 GB 00 01 07 12
(JP, NA) CECHCxx March 2007 60 GB 02 03 04 08
(EU/PAL) CECHDxx (Unreleased) 20 GB (EU/PAL) CECHExx August 2007 80 GB 01 05 06 11 12
(NA) CECHFxx (Unreleased) 80 GB (NA) CECHGxx October 2007 40 GB 01 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(NA, EU/PAL) CECHHxx October 2007 40 GB 00 01 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECHIxx (Unreleased) 40 GB CECHJxx August 2008 40 GB 00 02 03 04
(JP, EU/PAL) CECHKxx August 2008 80 GB 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(NA, EU/PAL) CECHLxx October 2008 80 GB 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECHMxx October 2008 80 GB 03 (UK) CECHNxx (Unreleased) 80 GB CECHOxx (Unreleased) 80 GB CECHPxx October 2008 160 GB 00 01 04 05 06 07 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECHQxx April 2009 160 GB 00 (JP) CECH-20xxA September 2009 120 GB 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-20xxB October 2009 250 GB 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-21xxA March 2010 120 GB 00 01 03 04 05 07 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-21xxB March 2010 250 GB 00 01 03 04 05 07 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-25xxA July 2010 160 GB 00 01 02 04 05 06 07 08 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-25xxB July 2010 320 GB 00 01 02 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-30xxA July 2011 160 GB 00 01 02 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-30xxB July 2011 320 GB 00 01 02 04 05 06 07 08 11 12
(JP, NA, EU/PAL) CECH-40xxA October 2012 120 GB 00 01 02 04 05 07 08 11 12 CECH-40xxB September 2012 250 GB 01
(NA) CECH-40xxC September 2012 500 GB 02
(EU/PAL) CECH-42xxA June 2013 120 GB 00 01 04 05 07 08 11 12 CECH-42xxB June 2013 250 GB 01
(NA) CECH-42xxC June 2013 500 GB 02
(EU/PAL) CECH-43xxA May 2014 120 GB 02
(EU/PAL) CECH-43xxB May 2014 250 GB 02
(EU/PAL) CECH-43xxC May 2014 500 GB 02
(EU/PAL) Key: NA – North America, EU/PAL – Europe/PAL region, JP – Japan, UK – United Kingdom
Notes: ^ a Registered with FCC on January 31, 2008 with request for confidentiality[9]
^ b Registered with FCC on January 31, 2008 with request for confidentiality[10]
^ c Registered with FCC on July 3, 2008 with request for confidentiality[11]
^ d Registered with FCC on June 10, 2010 with request for confidentiality[12]
Region codes [ edit ]
Number Region 00[13] Japan 01[14] North America 02[15] Australia & New Zealand 03[16] United Kingdom & Ireland 04[17] Europe, Middle East, and Africa 05[18] Korea 06[19] Southeast Asia 07[20] Taiwan 08[21] Russia & India 09 China 10 (Unused) 11[22] Latin America 12[23] Hong Kong
Connectivity [ edit ]
Supported resolutions[24] Resolution Region Composite S-Video Component D-Terminal HDMI 480i NTSC 480p NTSC 576i PAL 576p PAL 720p NTSC / PAL 1080i NTSC / PAL 1080p NTSC / PAL
In terms of audio, the PS3 supports a number of formats, including 7.1 digital audio, Dolby TrueHD, DTS-HD Master Audio and others; audio output is possible over stereo RCA cables (analog), optical digital cables, or HDMI. The PS3 slim features an upgraded HDMI chip that allows bitstreaming of lossless audio codecs to an external receiver (earlier versions had to decode the signal internally before outputting it via LPCM).[25].
In the early 60 GB and 80 GB configurations, flash memory can also be used, either Memory Sticks; CompactFlash cards; or SD/MMC cards. All models support USB memory devices; flash drives and external hard drives are both automatically recognized. However, they must be formatted with the FAT32 file system.[26]
Earlier systems sported up to four USB 2.0 ports at the front (20 and 60 GB models, as well as the NTSC 80 GB), but the 40 GB and 80 GB PAL models only have two USB ports. All models released after August 2008 have been reduced to two USB ports at the front, as well as dropping CompactFlash and SD card support.
For networking, all models provide one Gigabit Ethernet (10/100/1000) RJ45 port.
Bluetooth 2.0 support, and built-in 802.11b/g Wi-Fi (except CECHBxx).
Physical appearance [ edit ]
Model Dimensions (when laid flat) Weigh Original 325 mm (W) × 98 mm (H) × 274 mm (D)[27]Approximately 12.8" (W) × 3.8" (H) × 10.8" (D) 5 Kg (11 lb) Slim 290 mm (W) x 65 mm (H) x 290 mm (D) Approximately 11.42" (W) × 2.56" (H) × 11.42" (D) 3.2 kg (7.1 lb) Super Slim 290 mm (W) x 60 mm (H) x 230 mm (D)[28]Approximately 11.42" (W) × 2.36" (H) × 9.06" (D) 2.1 kg (4.6 lb)
The original PlayStation 3 console case was designed by Teiyu Goto of Sony, and uses the Spider-Man 3 font.[29] The Power and eject buttons are touch sensitive and has a glassy piano black finish.
The PlayStation 3 Slim is quieter and more compact than its predecessor. The Playstation logo change into a PS2-like one instead of the Spider-Man 3 font[30].
The PlayStation 3 Super Slim is said to weigh 25% less than PS3 Slim. It changes the slot load blu-ray tray in favor of a manual sliding mechanism[31].
Power consumption [ edit ]
The power consumption of the initial PlayStation 3 units, based on 90 nm Cell CPU, ranges from 170–200 W during normal use, despite having a 380 W power supply.[32]
The power consumption of newer 40 GB PlayStation 3 units (65 nm process Cell/90 nm RSX), ranges from 120-140 W during normal use.[33]
The power consumption of "slim" PlayStation 3 (45 nm process Cell/40 nm RSX) ranges from 65-84 W during normal use. [34]
Universal power supply [ edit ]
The power supply can operate on both 60 Hz and 50 Hz power grids. It uses a standard IEC 60320 C14 (IEC 60320 C8 for the PS3 slim) connector and a C13 (C7 for the PS3 slim) power cord appropriate for the region it is being used in. The power supply on the "fat" model is 380 W. This was reduced to 250 W in the 120 GB "Slim" model. PS3 Slim models have labels indicating localized input requirements for power (110 V 60 Hz for North American and Japanese models and 220-240 V 50 Hz for European and Australian models), however teardowns have revealed the slim power supplies are still universal.[35]
Disc drive [ edit ]
The PlayStation 3 disc drive is an all-in-one type allowing the use of different formats.
BD [ edit ]
Blu-ray disc read speed maximum is 2x (72 Mb/s [9 MB/s]), region coded type allowing the use of:
DVD [ edit ]
DVD disc read speed maximum is 8× (86.40 Mbit/s [10.8 MB/s]), region coded type allowing the use of:
CD [ edit ]
Compact disc read speed maximum is 24× (29.49 Mbit/s [3.68 MB/s]), region coded type allowing the use of:
Official accessories [ edit ]
The PlayStation 3 Sixaxis[40] is a controller that is very similar in appearance to that of its predecessors, the DualShock and DualShock 2. The SIXAXIS features finer analog sensitivity;[41] more trigger-like R2 and L2 buttons; a PS ("home") button; and a USB mini-B port for charging the internal battery and for wired play. The PlayStation 3 supports up to 7 simultaneous controllers over Bluetooth.[42] The Sixaxis is named for its ability to detect motion in the full six degrees. The Sixaxis controller also has no vibration feature.
At its press conference at the 2007 Tokyo Game Show, Sony announced the DualShock 3 (trademarked DUALSHOCK 3), a PlayStation 3 controller with the same function and design as the Sixaxis, but with vibration capability.[43] Hands-on accounts describe the controller as being slightly heavier than the standard Sixaxis controller, and capable of vibration forces comparable to the DualShock 2.[44]
The PlayStation 3 Memory Card Adaptor is a device that allows data to be transferred from PlayStation and PlayStation 2 memory cards to the PlayStation 3's hard disk. The device has a cable that connects to the PS3's USB port on one end, and features a legacy PS2 memory card port on the other end.
Using Bluetooth, the PlayStation 3 BD Remote allows users to control videos and music on Blu-ray Disc and DVD. In Japan, the device was available starting December 7, 2006. The PS3 will accept signals only via its Bluetooth Remote, as the console does not have an infrared receiver; this prevents the use of universal remotes with the system. The Blu-ray Disc movie Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby was included with the initial 400,000 release copies of the PS3 in North America,[45] while the first 500,000 European PlayStation Network activations after launch received a free copy of the Blu-ray release of Casino Royale.[46]
On April 25, 2007, Sony announced the PlayStation Eye. This is an updated version of the PlayStation 2 peripheral, the EyeToy. The camera is capable of capturing 60 frames per second video at 640×480 resolution and 120 frame/s video at 320×240 resolution. The four-channel microphone on the Eye can block out background noise. The camera supports live video chat and voice chat without a headset, and was launched in the United States on October 23, 2007, for US$39.99,[47] and in Australia on November 8, 2007, for A$79.95.[48] It was also bundled with the card game The Eye of Judgment released in the United States on the same day as the camera itself for US$69.99,[49] and in Japan and Australia on October 25, 2007 for JP¥9,980 and A$159.95, respectively.[50][51]
Official PlayStation 3 HDMI and Component AV cables are also available for retail.[citation needed]
Backward compatibility [ edit ]
The PlayStation 3 does not include interfaces for legacy PlayStation peripherals, though IGN.com tested a legacy controller using a PS2-to-USB adapter, finding that it is compatible, though most other devices (such as the Guitar Hero controller) may not be compatible.[52] However, with the release of firmware 1.70 for the PlayStation 3, Sony has added support for previous Guitar Hero controllers with generic PS2-to-USB adapters (although the whammy bar is not functional). Nyko started production on the "Play Adaptor", a PS2-to-USB adapter allowing for guitars and other PlayStation 2 peripherals to be used on the PlayStation 3 and was scheduled for release in Q2/2007, but Nyko stated at the end of March that the production of this device had been postponed due to compatibility problems with the PS3.[53] The PS3 supports both the USB EyeToy camera/webcam and SOCOM Headset for video and voice chat. A memory card adapter is available so users can copy their old PS/PS2 game saves to a virtual memory card on the PS3's hard drive.[54] The PlayStation 3 can also use Memory Sticks to store and save data for PlayStation and PlayStation 2 software.[55] New PlayStation 3 systems no longer support PS2 playback (whether through use of the Emotion Engine & Graphics Synthesizer hardware or through the Graphics Synthesizer and software emulation of the Emotion Engine) or Memory Cards.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Official websites
Directories
Vass Bednar and Melissa Pogue are millennials who work at the Martin Prosperity Institute at the Rotman School of Management, University of Toronto.
Last month's historic Canada Pension Plan expansion deal was hailed by The Globe and Mail as a "mission to save Gen Y." Published on the very same day, this month's Toronto Life cover story feels more like a mission to mock it.
The story chronicles the lifestyle-driven decisions of 31-year-old pharmacist Tony, who makes $130,000 a year, lives with their parents in North York and rejects home ownership in order to enjoy "wild, rare, unforgettable experiences." Their hedonistic narrative agitated readers, judging by the comments.
Story continues below advertisement
It wasn't Tony's ostentatiousness that offended us, though, so much as the suggestion that they are representative of a new and popular young, urban lifestyle trend. Toronto Life's story took an outlier and presented them as a trend.
We took a quick look at publicly available data to determine whether our generation is living at home in order to live large. As it turns out, the suggestion is wildly misplaced.
Of 23 Canadian cities, Toronto has the largest proportion of employed millennials living at home: 18.2 per cent, compared with the national average of 10.2 per cent, with a 60/40 split between men and women. The median salary for full-time workers is $41,200, while part-time employees earned $13,700. Comparatively, millennials who have left the nest earn $50,700 and $14,800 in median wages for full-time and part-time work, respectively. In Toronto, men between the ages of 25 and 39 who still live at home and who make more than $120,000 are in the 99th percentile, making Tony an anomaly.  They are literally the 1 per cent.
These millennials, compared with people of the same age who are not living at home, make less money, commute longer and are more likely to be male, unemployed or underemployed, new Canadians or the children of new Canadians.
Perhaps it is the narrative anchor of living at home with one's parents that hits home for Generation Squeeze. Anecdotes rationalizing the humiliation of living with mom and dad as a working adult typically champion the ability to generate wealth more quickly as a conscious trade-off. Yet, Tony says they live at home in order to spend, rather than to save.
Toronto Life has always been an exciting window into how others experience Canada's largest city – where they live, where they eat, how they party and what their fridge is stocked with. The magazine's recurring Cost of Living segment surveys everyday Torontonians that are making ends meet, illuminating readers to the trade-offs that their friends, colleagues and neighbours make and the financial challenges that they face.
Tony's pleasure in spending their disposable income on luxury dining experiences and global travel with friends is certainly relatable to young professionals. In fact, their admission that they do not want to be living paycheque to paycheque and the recognition that it is preferable for them to rent indefinitely instead of seeking to own property is thoughtful and pragmatic.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But their unique and extravagant lifestyle choices are not our generation's manifesto. The sensational premise that an entire generation is irresponsibly spending with joy is ultimately harmful if it obscures and minimizes the real challenges that define millennials: underemployment, increasingly precarious work, unaffordable housing, expensive childcare, lack of retirement security. Because of factors largely beyond their control, millennials' real defining feature is an inability to save money.
Living longer with your parents can be a smart decision. But the data suggest that Tony's scenario is extremely rare. For the majority of Canadian millennials, living at home is not a consumption-driven choice. They simply can't afford to leave.
The Korean Wave does not really exist
The Korean music scene has changed vastly in the past decade. What was once a playground for idol stars and ballad singers has now become a more unique and open playing field filled to the brim with complex artists taking on an array of genres and riding the so-called ‘Korean Wave'. But what is the Korean wave and does it really exist? The field of debate is wide open with this one.
Some will exclaim that no in fact ‘There is no Korean Wave', whilst others will go all out to protect it and the artists who are considered to be a huge part of what makes it so appealing to international fans. Admittedly I would put myself into the first group is people, there is no Korean wave. But my reason for stating this are entirely different from those stated in the article linked above and the writers' follow-up to this discussion as featured their own blog. You see, there is no Korean wave but not for the reasons many have stated.
If you look at the way in which the term has been used, it could very easily be mistaken (and it has been countless times by international press) that many Korean stars have only become popular because of the apparent wave. This seems to insinuate that the careers of the idols, artists and actors that fans so closely follow could well come to an end as soon as the wave has passed (or the next big thing has come along). It is fairly shocking in a way as it completely disregards the careers they have built up in Korea as trivial and less important than one outside of their own country.
But this is not the only issue that comes along with the constant use of the term Korean Wave. It becomes apparent, when reading many articles about K-pop, that some journalists feel that this wave entitles them to proclaim the artist's careers as only worthwhile whilst they have a western fan base closely following their work. This demeans everything they work for and begs the question of whether the wider population feels that without international response to their careers they should be deemed worthless.
But I do not put the blame for this misunderstanding onto the fans. No, they have simply bought into what is being sold to them by the record companies of the very artists they have come to love and idolise. Companies have highlighted their groups, from the rookies to the older ones, as key elements of what makes this so-called wave so appealing to the fan population and this is where they make their money internationally.
The Korean wave is simply a marketing tool that ensures the government is able to pass a message internationally without doing a lot of work. After all, who could turn down a bunch of pretty girls and boys dancing about and singing fantastically catchy songs? They show the very best of what Korea has to offer… don't they? Even I have found myself having a hard time differentiating between what is real and what is just nationalism that the government is attempting to sell to me. If we went by what we were being sold with this so-called wave we would think that each and every idol group to debut during the highest point of this influx of international acclaim are all examples of just what it is to be the perfect Korean. Meanwhile the government and record companies continue to sell this idea.
However it's all overhype. And this overhype could be the very thing that is holding K-pop back internationally. Take Psy, for example. It would be hard to deny the fact that Psy only became a hit because of the hilarity of their MVs and the catchiness of Gangnam Style (helped along by the fact that they portray a stereotypical viewpoint of how the western world views 50% of Asian men). But if you were to ask many if they saw them as the face of this so-called wave they would deny it.
But why? They hold the very key to the international acclaim it seems many of these K-pop companies are striving for and yet at points they work as hard as possible to distance themselves from the very basis for western fame they continuously fight to break into (Yes…I'm looking at you JYP).
But regardless of everything, including my own opinion on whether the wave exists or not, the big question in all of this is why the discussion of its existence has started up to begin with. Could it have something to do with the fact that it is starting to look like the actual companies are shying away from their self-created wave and attempting to better distinguish between K-pop and Korean culture? Because whilst to most K-pop and Korean culture go hand in hand I do hope at some point that companies stop relying on it to sell their artists. It would appear that's not bound to happen anytime soon but it feels like 2014 will be a year for big changes in the world of K-pop. Hopefully it will begin with them dropping the use of the term Korean Wave and allowing their artists to just be.
So what's your view? Does the Korean Wave exist or not? Leave your comments below! (Please remember that the opinion shared is that of the writers and that it is just that, an opinion.)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
StumbleUpon
Pinterest
Reddit
The Power of the Simple End of the Year Review
Image by Atli Harðarson (license).
At the end of the year I sit down and I take a look at my year.
I do it because it helps me to see the good things I did and that happened during the year. I do it because it helps me to find what did not go so well, to find what is important to focus on improving next year, to see in what ways I want to grow and to locate the habits I want to replace or add to my life.
And I do it because it is usually fun, very interesting and gives me an inspiring start to the next year.
First insights
So what I do is I sit down on my chair. I open an empty Word-document on my computer.
I like to keep things simple so I write down these two questions:
What went well?
What did not go so well?
I simply ask myself these questions one at a time and see what first insights pop up in my mind.
This year some examples were:
It was a good year for my business. The number of readers of the newsletter and the blog went up quite a bit and so did the income from my business.
The number of readers of the newsletter and the blog went up quite a bit and so did the income from my business. It was a mediocre year for my fitness. I maintained my strength and aerobic capacity through exercise. But I didn't grow in this area and I put in little time for most of the year. I didn't really step things up until the end of the year when I started to lift heavier free weights and got back to doing at least 3 workouts per week.
Break it down
After my first insights I apply the two questions to some important areas in my life such as:
Health and fitness.
Relationships.
The business.
My personal growth during the year (habits added or neglected, improvements made, new areas of life explored etc).
Find and use categories that make sense in your life.
You may want to break things down even further and go over smaller sections of for example your relationships for like the ones you have with a partner, with friends and with co-workers. I usually do that in some areas.
The most common mistake I made with my insights
All of this gives me key insights about my life right now. So how does one use these insights?
Well, don't do what I used to do and many people do: try to improve everything or many things at once next year.
Instead, look at the insights you got. Ask yourself: what are the most important ones for me? What are the ones that are most important for me to work on and will give me the biggest positive effect during next year?
Then just work on one habit or small area at a time. You have 12 months next year and if you take it in small steps you are far more likely to create changes that stick than if you try to cram everything into January. That just leads to overwhelm and habits not sticking.
I will, for example, spend January with getting back to journaling for at least 5 minutes one day per week. Journaling was something I used to do but it fell by the wayside.
I want to get back into it in small steps in 2013. Journaling will help me to focus on the essential. It will help me to review more closely how each week has gone both in my business and personally and it will help me to adapt more quickly and get more of the truly most important things done during next year.
Get the ball rolling today
If you have the time, then sit down for just 5 minutes today and get started with your end of the year review.
You don't have to get it all done today. But by taking that first step right away you make it a lot more likely that you will follow through and complete this exercise. Or you'll at least gain a few key insights about your life and how you want to grow during next year.
Happy New Year and I'll see you in 2013!
Parramatta shooting: Young suspects may have been trying to get gun since March, court order imposed on terrorism-accused reveals
Updated
The young men under investigation for involvement in this month's terrorist shooting at Parramatta were suspected by police of trying to source a gun since at least March.
Key points: Court order reveals suspect Ahmad Saiyer Naizmand was prohibited from communicating with 18 males
Raban Alou has been interrogated about sourcing murder weapon
Police suspected since March two men tried to source a gun
AFP says that terrorism suspects are getting younger
The revelation is contained in a Federal Circuit Court order which was imposed on a Sydney terrorism suspect earlier this year in an attempt to prevent a terrorist attack.
The order prohibits terrorism suspect Ahmad Saiyer Naizmand from communicating with 18 males, including three of the four men arrested a week ago for questioning over the murder of police accountant Curtis Cheng outside the Parramatta police headquarters.
One of them, Raban Alou, 18, has been detained for a week and interrogated about whether they sourced the murder weapon from a notorious Sydney crime family and supplied it to 15-year-old shooter Farhad Jabar, who was killed in a shoot-out moments after the attack.
There are four juveniles on the non-association list, including a 12-year-old boy, who cannot be named due to their age.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin acknowledged that terrorism suspects were getting younger.
"We're shocked that a 12-year-old is on the police radar for these type of matters" they told the ABC's 7.30 program.
The interim control order was imposed on Naizmand by Federal Circuit Court Judge Rolf Driver in March.
"There is sufficient information Mr Naizmand is communicating with the ... group and others in code possibly in relation to the sourcing of firearms," it states.
"They have a pattern of frequent association. They are in frequent communication, often in relation to matters reflecting their shared extremist Islamist ideology.
"They continue to express support for the terrorist organisation, the Islamic State, or their desire to become a martyr, or to commit jihad."
Naizmand and other members of the group were detained in Australia's biggest terrorism raids in September last year over an alleged plot to execute a random member of the public, which was ordered from Syria by Australia's most senior Islamic State lieutenant, Mohammad Ali Baryalei.
The interim control order says that after the arrest and imprisonment of key members of the group, "Naizmand has been consistently associating with individuals who were previously on the periphery".
Among the group Naizmand is prohibited from communicating with are two of Australia's highest-security prisoners, including self-styled radical religious leader Wassim Fayad, who is serving time in the Supermax jail for a brutal 2011 whipping meted out in the name of Shariah law and a failed ATM ram raid which police say was carried out to fund the Syrian cause.
The ABC understands members of the group have been meeting with Fayad and another Supermax inmate who has been convicted of terrorism offences and who cannot be named for legal reasons.
Government officials told 7.30 the men were believed to have encouraged the young men's belief in waging violent jihad.
Mr Colvin acknowledged the links between terrorism and organised crime.
"We have to work on the assumption that there are [links between organised crime and terrorism]," they said.
"However, what we're working very hard is to close down those links and to restrict access to firearms or other weapons that might be able to be used."
A month before Naizmand was arrested in last year's raids, they managed to slip the police net, using their brother's passport to fly to the Middle East. They were stopped in Dubai and returned to Australia.
The Federal Government revealed on Tuesday it was planning to lower the age at which control orders can be applied from 16 to 14.
Topics: terrorism, unrest-conflict-and-war, law-crime-and-justice, parramatta-2150, nsw, australia
First posted
