Protect the king. The first rule of chess is the basic principle of Western policy on Saudi Arabia. It was Canada's policy under the Conservatives, and it is Canada's de facto policy under the Liberals. The new government has no plans to stop a $15-billion weapons contract.
Let's be clear: These are weapons. The Canadian light armoured vehicles, or LAVs, that will be sold to Saudi Arabia are not jeeps. They are big, 8x8 armoured vehicles with gun turrets on top. And they are being sold to an internal security force, not Saudi Arabia's regular army. That force, the Saudi Arabian National Guard, is tasked with protecting the royal family. It deploys its armoured vehicles at protests. There can be no assurance they will never be used against Saudi civilians.
Of course, money and jobs are at stake: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's new government does not want to cancel a massive contract for vehicles that would be built in London, Ont.
Story continues below advertisement
But the contract also fits with Canadian policy toward Saudi Arabia under both the Conservatives and now effectively under the Liberals: backing the Saudi regime despite its poor human-rights record. That is U.S. policy, and it has been Canadian policy, too. Western countries fear that if the royal family ever fell, it would lead to something worse: Islamist jihadis, or chaos.
That was very much the policy of Stephen Harper's Conservatives. Yes, they liked the trade benefits of selling LAVs. But they were gung-ho about the foreign policy. They would support what one Conservative privately called a "stablish" Middle Eastern government that was reasonably friendly, and opposed to the country the Tories saw as the region's real bad guy, Iran. The LAV deal was made to protect the Saudi royal family. "I'd sign it again today," former foreign affairs minister John Baird told CBC News on Tuesday.
The Liberals are not gung-ho. But in practice, the policy is still to protect the king.
Foreign Affairs Minister Stéphane Dion condemned Saudi Arabia's execution of 47 people, including 43 al-Qaeda operatives and a prominent cleric, Sheik Nimr al-Nimr, who had been a voice for the country's Shia minority.
"We don't support what they do to their population when they violate human rights, but when there's progress, we underline it," Mr. Dion said in an interview with The Globe and Mail. Saudi Arabia has also been a security partner, helping co-ordinate countries against terrorism and organizing Syrian opposition forces, they said. But they insisted that allowing the sale of LAVs is not support for the Saudi regime.
"It's not a backing, it's simply a private-company contract," they said. The Saudi government has committed to not using the LAVs against civilian populations, they said. "If ever there was a breach of confidence, that would put future contracts in danger," Mr. Dion said.
But it is hard to accept such assurances as guarantees. The LAVs will not go to Saudi Arabia's regular army. They are for the Saudi Arabian National Guard, which is a parallel force tasked with protecting internal security as well as the royal family.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The SANG was developed separately from the regular army, recruited from loyal tribes, answering to its own ministry, not the defence ministry. The regular army has tanks to fight foreign forces; the SANG has armoured vehicles to move quickly through cities. It already has Canadian LAVs bought in the 1990s.
"They've deployed their armoured vehicles within the Shia areas in the east, Qatif and al-Awamiyah in particular. And the purpose of that was to intimidate the Shia protesters," said Jacqueline Lopour, research associate at the Centre for International Governance Innovation. They were also deployed to Shia protests in neighbouring Bahrain in 2011.
What is more, the Saudi regime seems increasingly nervous. There are fears of Shia revolts, of Sunni extremists such as al-Qaeda and Islamic State, popular dissent, and royal family rivalries. Arab Spring dissent was quelled with rich benefits; now oil wealth is dipping.
Of course, there are conundrums. If Canada does not sell armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia, someone will. Some countries are selective: Germany sold the Saudis patrol boats, but not tanks. The Liberal government is loathe to cancel a done deal. But there should be no doubt about the purpose of this sale: to protect the king.
A reader writes:
As an emergency physician, if I were taking care of a 72-year-old man with a history of melanoma who was having episodes of confusion I would be extremely concerned. High on my priority list would be to get a brain MRI to look for metastatic melanoma. When melanoma metastasizes it commonly goes to the brain. I do not think the American people should decide whether or not to vote for Senator McCain until they have had a brain MRI and we know the results.
Here's a quote from emedicine.com on melanoma:
“Melanoma has an increased incidence among other systemic cancers in terms of metastasizing to the brain. About 40-60% of patients with melanoma will have brain metastasis. Melanoma commonly metastasizes to the brain. Melanoma cells are closely related to CNS cells due to their embryonic origin and neural crest cells, and they share common antigens such as MAG-1 and MAG-2. After melanoma is detected in the brain, median survival is 3 months. These metastases are poorly responsive to all treatments.”
Racked is no longer publishing. Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years. The archives will remain available here; for new stories, head over to Vox.com, where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox. You can also see what we're up to by signing up here.
Downton Abbey superfans now have double the reason to be excited for winter 2014: The exhibit Costumes of Downton Abbey is coming to the Winterthur Museum, Garden & Library near Wilmington, Delaware.
The tour sounds like the Downton Abbey theme-park we never knew we absolutely wanted. Winterthur, once a du Pont family estate, now a museum and garden open to the public, describes itself as America's Downton. Lady Sybil's harem pants, Lady Mary's engagement dress, and Lady Edith's wedding dress are among the chosen garments, and there'll be a working recreation of the Downton Abbey bell system. Visitors will walk through the exhibit chronologically, with outfits corresponding to the times of day for both the upstairs and downstairs.
Maggie Lidz, one of the three co-curators of the exhibition, who chose the 40 Cosprop-owned costumes and accessories that will be on display, said, "The first time I looked at the costumes up close, I was amazed at the incredible detail. They are surprisingly ornate."
The exhibit will open on March 1 and it'll remain through January 4, 2015. Price of admission is $18 adults, $16 for students and seniors, and $5 for ages 2 to 11. Start planning the Downton caravan rightnow.
· Winterthur [Official Site]
· Lady Mary Was the Toughest to Dress in Season 4 of Downton [Racked]
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) is blaming the GOP for their exclusion from the main debate stage in this week's Republican presidential debate, saying the decision may cost the party the support of libertarian voters.
"They have been saying for months they're going to narrow the field, but I don't think it's the job of the establishment in the Republican Party to decide who is and who isn't [in],” they said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" on Wednesday morning.
ADVERTISEMENT
Fox Business Network had announced earlier this week that Paul wouldn't qualify for a spot on the main stage at Thursday's night's debate. The network had given candidates a chance to place in the top six spots of polls nationally or the top five either in Iowa or New Hampshire.
Paul, who is boycotting the “undercard” debate that will be held before the main event, said he's being pushed out because they have a "unique voice."
"I am the one voice saying we shouldn't make the sand glow. I am the one voice saying we shouldn't be collecting all — the government shouldn't be collecting all your records, and I'm the one voice saying we shouldn't lock up every kid for marijuana," they said.
"Do they really not want liberty voters in their party?” they said.
The Kentucky Republican argued that they should be on the main stage after coming out fifth in the Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics Iowa poll released Wednesday, ranking ahead of Jeb Bush and several other Republicans who will be on the main debate stage.
Paul said polling “shows we should be” in the debate.
“This one is within their guidelines, within their framework,” Paul said of the Des Moines Register poll, “and we're telling them today they should be counting it.”
This evening's statistics on U.S. monetary statistics show that MZM fell sharply in the week to October 6, from $8693.3 billion to $8638.6 billion (My own calculations based on numbers available here . To calculate MZM, you subtract small time deposits from M2 and then add Institutional Money Funds). That's a decline of more than 0.6% in a week. It is now down 1.2% from its peak in July.Even M1 and M2 fell back last week, though they (particularly M1) are unlike MZM still up significantly compared to late July.This provides an explanation of the massive combined stock- and commodity price sell-off in recent weeks. As long as this monetary contraction continues, we will likely see a continued bear market in stocks and commodities.This decline has happened despite the record fast expansion of the monetary base created by the Fed's various schemes to prop up the banking system. It thus seems that at least for now, the inflationary effects of the Fed's various schemes have been overwhelmed by the deflationary effects of the increased risk premiums created by the recent financial distress.One thing interesting to note is that even as the quantity of deposit money is declining, traditional paper and metal money (aka cash aka currency in circulation) is increasing at a record fast pace, being up nearly $10 billion or 1.25% in 3 weeks. This mirrors the development during the Great Depression when currency in circulation increased rapidly even as overall money supply fell fast, as popular mistrust in banks caused people to withdraw their deposit money and hold them as notes and coins. These numbers indicate a similar development (although so far much less dramatic, but that might change).
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr. Andrew Yakubu, has said China had become the alternative market for Nigeria's crude oil, following dwindling imports by the United States, which was the major buyer of Nigeria's crude oil.
Speaking at the sidelines of a recent oil and gas conference in Lagos, Yakubu stated that China was a very good market for any shortfall in the United States' imports.
“The decision of the United States is not driven by the fact that they don't want to buy our oil; they have other issues. The Shale gas has been discovered and it is a major source of energy. But of course, the good news is that there are other parts of the world that are interested. As you know, major demand growth is going to come from China and the east. So, that is a very good replacement of whatever shortfall we have with the United States,” they said.
Nigeria's crude oil export to the United States, which was over one million barrels per day (bpd) in December 2009, had declined to 352,000bpd, representing a loss of about 70 per cent of the United States' market.
Statistics indicate that Nigeria was the third-largest supplier of crude oil to the United States in 2010, with the US accounting for 43per cent of Nigeria's exports.
in September 2011, Nigeria's crude export to the United States dropped to 580, 000bpd, with the country assuming the sixth position, after Canada, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Venezuela and Russia.
Nigeria's crude export to the United States further dwindled to 352,000bpd as at February 2012.
Though refiners in Asia are said to be increasing crude oil imports, it is more difficult to ship crude oil from Nigeria to Asian countries than to the United States because of the long distances.
For instance, the distance from the Shell's Bonny Export terminal in Rivers State, to Tianjin, China, is 12,172 miles, compared with 5,847 miles to New York Harbour in the United States.
With these long distances, Asian refiners are said to be demanding for discount to buy Nigeria's crude.
Refiners that use Nigeria crude oil are also closing plants on the United States East Coast, the main destination for Nigerian exports, amid falling returns on investment.
Recent reports indicate that Sunoco stopped production at the 194,000-barrel per day Marcus Hook plant in Pennsylvania on December 2011.
ConocoPhillips stopped its 190,000-barrel per day Trainer, plant site on September 30, 2011 and the two facilities together accounted for half of East Coast crude oil processing capacity.
In recent years, China has demonstrated increasing appetite for Nigeria's oil and gas resources.
Chinese National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC), one of China's largest state-run oil and gas producers, had agreed to buy a 45per cent stake in the license covering the Oil Mining Lease (OML) 130 field, which is owned by South Atlantic Petroleum.
CNOOC has been scouting for overseas oil and gas assets to supply China's growing domestic market, as the country's appetite for oil and gas is said to be second only to that of the United States.
CNOOC Chairman and Chief Executive, Mr. Fu Chengyu, had stated that the purchase would give CNOOC access to “an oil and gas field of huge interest and upside potential, located in one of the world's largest oil and gas basins”.
See race video here.
After missing the American Record by .01 earlier in the evening, 19 year-old Abbey Weitzeil of the Canyons Aquatic Club got it on their second try.
Weitzeil didn't clip it by just a little bit either, they lowered the record by 0.15, from 21.27 to 21.12. The previous record was set by Lara Jackson during the height of the supersuit era, making Weitzeil's swim tonight even more remarkable.
That's also the U.S. Open record, meaning that Weitzeil is now the fastest woman ever in the 50 yard freestyle. Weitzeil was swimming while representing their club team, so Jackson's 21.27 still stands as the NCAA record. Weitzeil graduated from high school last year, and has committed to Cal, but elected to defer their enrollment and NCAA competition until after this summer's Olympic Trials and Olympic Games.
Current top 10 of All-Time:
Abbey Weitzeil, 2016 – 21.12
Lara Jackson, 2009 – 21.27
Abbey Weitzeil, 2016 – 21.28
Simone Manuel, 2015 – 21.32
Farida Osman, 2016 – 21.32
Lara Jackson, 2008 – 21.33
Arianna Vanderpool-Wallace, 2011 – 21.34
Arianna Vanderpool-Wallace, 2012 – 21.35
Lara Jackson, 2009 – 21.36
Lara Jackson, 2008 – 21.37
Weitzeil is swimming tonight at the American Short Course Championships, which is not a formally-recognized championship meet, attracts plenty of top-level talent while also serving as a last chance meet for NCAA men.
Coming into today, Weitzeil's best time in this event was a 21.49 they swam at the 2014 Speedo Junior Winter Championships, meaning that they knocked .37 off of their best time in the 50 free in one day. Weitzeil is used to breaking records, having set a number of high school and age group records in the sprint freestyle. They also held the American Record in the 100 yard freestyle at one point, before Simone Manuel took it last year at the NCAA championships.
White House officials keep leaking internal conversations to reporters detailing that they're being ordered not to leak internal conversations to reporters.
On Thursday, Trump spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders expressed their frustration about the leaks that keep appearing in the press about President Donald Trump's decision to fire FBI Director James Comey.
Them remarks wound up in the press almost immediately. “Sanders gave staff members a stern lecture on leaking to the media during a staff meeting Thursday morning, according to several people familiar with the incident, saying it was damaging the White House,” Politico's Josh Dawsey, Annie Karni, Eliana Johnson, and Tara Palmeri reported. “The lecture seemed to take staffers by surprise, said one person present.”
This is hardly the first time Trump officials have almost immediately defied their boss's direct orders not to disclose information to the media by leaking something about the direct order itself.
Within the first week of Trump's administration, close to 12 of their closest aides helped plant a story in the Washington Post about their frustration with negative news stories.
On March 3, three anonymous sources told Reuters that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin “used their first senior staff meeting last month to tell their new aides they would not tolerate leaks to the news.”
Later that week, 17 different White House officials told the Washington Post that the president was “steaming, raging mad” in part over leaks documenting the internal discord roiling the young administration.
Also in early March, anonymous sources told Foreign Policy that White House IT officials that they'd met with a private security firm to find a way to “give administration officials control over how staffers use computers and cellphones to transmit sensitive information.”
Additionally, the state department sent an “anti-leak memo” to its staff, which was almost immediately published by the Washington Post's Josh Rogin.
It's worth pausing for a second to reflect on what the ongoing leaks about leaks suggest about the internal chaos of the Trump administration.
As Vox's Yochi Dreazen has noted, trying to put together major White House initiatives presumably takes an act of faith that plans can be floated and debated without immediately leaking. How do you work with someone when a simple request to not leak information is itself liable to end up becoming public?
Irish head coach Brian Kelly is returning for a fourth season in South Bend, Ind. (Photo: Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights The Fighting Irish coach had interviewed for the Philadelphia Eagles job
Says Kelly: "This decision was motivated purely by my love for Notre Dame"
Eagles interviewed Kelly and Oregon coach Chip Kelly, who is also staying in college
At the end of a tough week for Notre Dame, Brian Kelly provided the Irish luck at last.
The third-year coach, who interviewed for the Philadelphia Eagles job, announced Saturday that they are staying in South Bend, Ind.
"This week, I had an incredible opportunity to speak with one of the premier organizations in sports about becoming their head coach," Kelly said in the statement released by Notre Dame. "Like every kid who has ever put on a pair of football cleats, I have had thoughts about being a part of the NFL. However, after much reflection and conversation with those closest to me, I have decided to remain at Notre Dame."
LOPRESTI: Brian Kelly makes the right call
The Eagles also released a statement, which didn't mention Kelly by name.
"There is no question we spent a considerable amount of time and effort looking at who we thought were the best collegiate candidates for our head coaching job," the Eagles release said. "We did so knowing that there was a remote chance that these coaches would leave their current posts.
"We understood that going into the process, but we wanted to leave no stone unturned while trying to find the best head coach for the Philadelphia Eagles. We have no regrets about the effort we made in that direction and we will continue to proceed as planned in our search."
Kelly's Irish went 12-0 in the regular season before losing to Alabama 42-14 in the BCS title game on Monday night. The Notre Dame men's basketball team continued the run of bad luck earlier Saturday as the Irish lost to Connecticut, snapping their 12-game home winning streak.
NO. 1? One BCS computer has Irish still top ranked
"This decision was motivated purely by my love for Notre Dame and the entire Fighting Irish community, the young men I have the great fortune to coach, and my desire to continue to build the best football program in the country," Kelly said in the release. "We still have a lot of work to do and my staff and I are excited about the challenges ahead."
Notre Dame athletics director Jack Swarbrick said in the release: "I was always confident that Brian would continue to lead our football program. I am very happy to have that confirmed and share Brian's excitement about what lies ahead for our program.
"I appreciate the Eagles reaching out to request permission to speak with Brian, and I also appreciate Brian keeping me fully informed throughout this process."
Following the 2011 season, Notre Dame extended Kelly's initial agreement by two years, a move that keeps them under contract through the 2016 season. Last week on the eve of the BCS National Championship game, Swarbrick said Kelly's contract and all other matters related to the program would be on the table for discussion when they and Kelly have their annual post-season chat.
"Every year when we're done, we talk about whatever the program needs," Swarbrick said then. "It's been reflected in staff hires, equipment, all kinds of things that you do to make sure the program has the resources that it needs. We go through a laundry list of those. Everything that goes into the program is on the table when we have those discussions."
Lyndon Baines Johnson was a larger-than-life figure, no doubt, but is Broadway big enough for two plays about that president?
The producer of one of them says no — and, taking a page from Johnson's playbook, he's trying to muscle out the other show.
The two plays are Robert Schenkkan's drama “All the Way,” about the first year of Johnson's presidency, and Alexander Harrington's “Great Society,” which covers the Johnson administration from November 1963 through January 1969. Neither has firm plans to open on Broadway yet.
Of the two, “All the Way” seems to have more going for it. The play begins performances in September at an esteemed theater that regularly transfers shows to New York: the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Mass. It also stars the sort of big name that Broadway producers want. Bryan Cranston, the three-time Emmy Award winner on the popular cable series “Breaking Bad,” will play Johnson.
Last week's announcement that the new iPhone 5 will include a fancy new fingerprint scanning security system was met with a chorus of protests. What if someone lifts my prints and makes a fake finger and unlocks my phone? What if the government snoops on my phone (more than it already does) and steals my fingerprints?? Oh God, what if muggers cut off my thumbs to unlock my phone when they steal it?!? Relax. None of that's going to happen. Here's why.
Advertisement
First, a quick rundown of how the tech actually works. When you set up your new iPhone 5, its TouchID fingerprint scanner registers one of your prints and stores that data locally in the phone's secure A7 chip. From that moment onward, if you have TouchID enabled, every time you press your finger against the home button/capacitance scanner the phone matches the current print with the registered version and, if they match, unlocks the phone. What's more, the new iPhone 5 will also reportedly employ RF signals to "see" through the uppermost, dead layers of finger skin and image the living tissue immediately below.
There are a couple of key points there that are worth a little more detail.
First, if your finger is not alive, the scan won't work. That means that cutting off a thumb won't do anything but earn you the nickname "One Thumb Bill" (assuming your name is indeed Bill). Using Silly Putty to steal prints won't work either, since last we checked Silly Putty can't replicate living tissue. In addition, latent prints an evildoer picks up from that mug you just put down might not even contain the correct portion of the print, since the iPhone's scanner only images the very tip of the digit, a part of the finger you don't often use for gripping..
Advertisement
"You use a different part of your finger to touch the iPhone sensor than what you use to touch other things," writes Robert Graham on the Errata Security blog. "That means while hackers may be able to lift your thumbprint from you holding other objects, or from other parts of the phone itself, they probably can't get the tip print needed to do bad things on your iPhone."
Second, the government can't get at your fingerprint. That's partly because the iPhone stores all fingerprint data on its secure chip and only sends a message to websites or apps stating that the two prints match, not actual proof that they do, so there's no outgoing sensitive information (unless you can intercept and spoof the confirmation token sent by the phone). And also partly because if the government really needed your fingerprints, it simply wouldn't be worth the trouble of cracking into your phone. DMVs, passport offices; there are plenty of government agencies that have your thumbprint on file already. And if they don't, they could get it just by following you around town for 10 minutes.
And as Philip Bump explains in The Atlantic:
Your fingerprint...isn't traveling anywhere. Is it possible that the NSA could ask Apple to upload a user's fingerprint from the phone so that it can be transmitted to the agency? Sure. But that likely wouldn't be a request that comes through PRISM; it would probably require a separate warrant. Not impossible, but, given the burden of demonstrating need for a warrant, not as easy as a few keystrokes.
Advertisement
If anything, you should be worried that the scanner's not effective enough security for all of the information that is vulnerable in your phone. "There should always be some concern with new technologies or functionality that has such a large base of users," Joe Schumacher, a consultant for security firm Neohapsis, told CNN. "The fingerprint reader is more of a sales tactic than a strong security enhancement."
A mugger could try to cut off your thumb, sure. But wouldn't it be easier—and less messy—just to force that thumb down on your phone? And honestly, if you're really that worried, why not just disable TouchID altogether? The PIN is still a viable option.
So no, you shouldn't worry about Apple's new fingerprint scanner being a boon to muggers o government spooks. The former's not going to get anywhere cutting thumbs, and the latter's too busy reading your emails to bother with your prints. [Cite World - CNN - ABC News - HuffPo - ZD Net - Image: Suzanne Tucker]
The new rule will create a financial incentive for producers to treat all calves better to avoid creating downers, and take away any incentive to use cruel methods to force the calves through the slaughter process. Photo by iStockphoto
Today, in yet another pro-animal rulemaking action, the Obama Administration made final a rule banning the slaughter of downer calves – an issue The HSUS put on the national radar screen with a pair of damning undercover investigations that threw back the curtain on the mistreatment of juvenile animals too sick or injured or weakened to walk to their own slaughter. The rule closes a loophole in a 2009 federal regulation that banned killing downed cattle for human consumption but did not include downer calves, leaving them vulnerable to abuse and suffering. The 2009 and now the 2016 rules go a long way toward addressing the abuse of these animals, but more work remains, perhaps with the next administration, to address the widespread abuse of downer pigs.
The HSUS filed a legal petition after an undercover investigation at Bushway Packing, Inc., a veal calf slaughter plant in Vermont, found workers kicking, slapping, and shocking infant calves with electric prods. Another HSUS undercover investigation in 2014 at Catelli Bros., a veal calf slaughter facility in New Jersey, showed more abuse of downer calves. Workers were recorded trying to lift calves by their tails, dragging them with chains, and spraying them with water to force them to stand up so that they could be inspected and slaughtered.
We estimate that thousands of veal calves, most of them only a few days or weeks old, collapse on their way to slaughter every year. The very youngest calves, slaughtered to be sold as “bob veal,” are extremely vulnerable: they're far more likely to collapse and become “downers” than mature cattle. A heartbreaking combination of mistreatment, genetic frailties, denial of sustenance, and the stress of being taken from their mothers mere hours after they're born causes the calves to break down.
Animal scientist and meat industry consultant Dr. Temple Grandin has noted that “ninety percent of all downers are preventable” and that dairy producers create downers by denying calves their mothers' colostrum and selling them at auction before they can walk. The USDA recognized in the proposed rule that the loophole allowing downer calves to be slaughtered “may have created an incentive for some establishments to inhumanely attempt to force these animals to rise.” The new rule will create a financial incentive for producers to treat all calves better to avoid creating downers, and take away any incentive to use cruel methods to force the calves through the slaughter process. Slaughterhouses will now be required to promptly and humanely euthanize all downer calves, just as they are already required to do for adult cattle. The agency also revised its regulations to make clear that humane handling requirements apply as soon as calves and other animals arrive at the slaughter establishment.
HSUS backers were instrumental in this outcome. They joined more than 150,000 Americans who wrote to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to urge them to stop the slaughter of downer calves. Federal lawmakers also weighed in, with 92 representatives led by Reps. Chris Smith, R-N.J., and Grace Meng, D-N.Y., and 14 senators led by Sens. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, and Cory Booker, D-N.J., sending letters to the USDA to urge final action on the rule. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., and Rep. Rosa DeLauro, D-Conn., played a key role too, offering strong support. Dr. Dean Wyatt, a USDA veterinarian who tipped us off to the abuse of downer calves in slaughterhouses and gave powerful testimony to Congress about it, was a major force as well in bringing about this reform. We are grateful to the Obama Administration, which continues to take very meaningful steps forward to protect farm animals, horses, and wildlife and is cementing its record as the most pro-animal administration in our nation's history.
The UN Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) has announced an upcoming report attempting to estimate the financial impact of the Israeli occupation of Palestine, looking at the example of slavery in the US.
The Lebanese-based United Nations body will soon publish a report that will evaluate “the cost of the Israeli occupation” over the Palestinian territories, looking at examples from apartheid in South Africa and slavery in America, the Times of Israel reported.
Read more
The new report could be published in June to mark the 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War, when Arab East Jerusalem was annexed under Israeli control in 1967. Israel also gained control of the West Bank, Gaza and the Golan Heights.
The new report is said to be a joint project by ESCWA and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD). Together they will attempt to estimate the financial impact of the five decades of the Israeli occupation.
The biggest challenge is to provide a legal framework for future reparations, which will consider examples from the South African apartheid regime and slavery in America, the Times of Israel reported.
“ESCWA and UNCTAD have just begun to work together on a project to calculate the cost of the Israeli occupation,” Nabil Abu-Dargham, the head of ESCWA's communication and information unit, told the newspaper.
“This research project is complex and will draw from a number of disciplines,” Abu-Dargham added. “It is way too early to be decisive on the duration of research and the outcome.”
The Israeli Foreign Ministry said Tel Aviv was unfamiliar with the upcoming report, but rejected what it described as ESCWA's attempts to “delegitimize Israel.”
“ESCWA continues its work, as seen in previous reports meant to delegitimize Israel, work that has been rejected not only by Israel but by other countries in the region and the UN's secretary general. We continue to reject anti-Israel reports,” Michal Maayan, a deputy spokesperson at the Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem, told the Times of Israel.
“We reject the continuous efforts to delegitimize Israel by writing new reports regarding the situation in the area.”
Malcolm Hoenlein, the executive vice chairperson of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, said they hope the UN won't allow the report to be made public.
“We hope the United Nations will work to prevent its publication and distribution and posting it online,” they said, warning that the report would “be used by the Palestinians, either in negotiations or even going to an international court and making demands on Israel for compensation, saying, ‘Well, look, a UN agency evaluated it,'” they told the Times of Israel.
Hoenlein voiced doubts about whether the cost of Israel's presence in the West Bank could ever be estimated.
“There's no way that you can calculate that cost or even define it,” they said.
In December of last year, ESCWA said it aims to develop “an innovative methodology to accurately assess the direct and indirect cumulative costs of the Israeli occupation of Palestine.”
“This effort is unprecedented in terms of the depth and scope of the analysis. The methodology aims to accurately determine the multilayered cost of occupation across all sectors,” an ESCWA document said.
Read more
It also suggested assessing the costs to the victims of South Africa's apartheid regime and mentioned proposals to calculate the monetary value of reparations to African Americans in the US.
Analyzing attempts to provide reparations for descendants of slaves in the US, the study said that “stakeholders have not identified an effective methodology, thus impeding the achievement of justice through reparations for victims of slavery.”
Another ESCWA report, published earlier this month, accused Israel “beyond a reasonable doubt” of being guilty of “policies and practices that constitute the crime of apartheid” against the Palestinian people.
Three days after the report's publication, ESCWA head Rima Khalaf resigned following pressure from the UN Secretary General. The paper itself was removed from the commission's website.
The report said that Israel is guilty of pursuing a policy of “strategic fragmentation” of the Palestinians as the “principal method” by which Israel imposes an apartheid regime.
It added that Israel is trying to dominate the 1.7 million Palestinians who are citizens of Israel by offering them inferior services, limited budget allocations and restrictions on jobs and professional opportunities. Some 300,000 Palestinian residents in East Jerusalem suffer discrimination from inadequate access to education, healthcare, and employment, in addition to residency and building rights.
“They also suffer from expulsions and home demolitions, which serve the Israeli policy of 'demographic balance' in favor of Jewish residents,” the report says.
(JTA) — The Senate unanimously passed a bill to help Holocaust survivors and the families of victims obtain restitution or the return of Holocaust-era assets.
The Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today, or JUST Act, which was introduced in February by Sens. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wisc., and Marco Rubio, R-Fla., received unanimous approval on Tuesday.
The measure requires the State Department to report on the progress of certain European countries toward the return of or restitution for wrongfully confiscated or transferred Holocaust-era assets, including property, art and other movable property. It also requires a report specifically on progress on the resolution of claims for U.S. citizen Holocaust survivors and family members.
The World Jewish Restitution Organization praised the bill's passage, urging that it be signed into law this year.
“Through this legislation, the United States will help survivors achieve a small measure of justice for the wrongful seizure of their property during the Holocaust,” the organization's chair of operations, Gideon Taylor, said Tuesday in a statement. “Now is the time – while the remaining survivors are alive – for countries to provide restitution.”
The JUST Act is designed to build on the international Terezin Declaration on Holocaust Era Assets and Related Issues of 2009, which affirms the protection of property rights and recognizes the importance of restituting or compensating Holocaust-related confiscations.
Several nations that endorsed the Terezin Declaration have not fully addressed the restitution of Jewish communal, private and heirless property, co-sponsors Baldwin and Rubio have said.
A companion bill was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives in February by Reps. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y., and Christopher Smith, R-N.J.
Blog
Changing my Attitude
Changing my attitude…
Climbing is thought to be this highly personal, altruistic endeavor, where man/woman challenge him/herself by choice. We push ourselves on something that is either physically, and or mentally demanding. It is supposed to be about the person and their own challenge. Of course, as humans, it is hard to isolate ourselves in this bubble. We watch others, we compare, we emulate, and sometimes we envy.
We all want to be our best, but what we do to get there is not always the right formula.
I had a pretty crappy day not long ago climbing. Basically I sucked. Or at least I told myself I did. My ego was inflated enough that my expectation of myself was truly not realistic to my abilities. One M12 does not an M12 climber make! I felt I “should” be able to perform better, and since I didn't…I gave up. It is one thing to have the ability to try hard when you feel like you should be able to do something, achieve something. It is another, to believe you should be able to do something, but not expect to try as hard as you might have to, to truly do it! I feel like I have fallen into this trap numerous times lately and every time I fight the same battle with myself, the battle of self-defeat and self-dislike. I don't mind failing…but I HATE giving up.
The same day I watched Will onsight El Matador, a feat that has never been done until now. No draws were hung, fresh icicles dangled waiting to be cleaned and although there was more ice on it then when originally climbed, it still involved a ton of tenacity, skill and experience to negotiate all the unknown factors on it. I watched experience. Definitely years of mixed climbing practice, ice climbing, movement and strategy all came into play. But the experience level that I took away from this was the mental one.
1) Never enter a climb, a climbing day or a comp expecting yourself to perform with a certain outcome. The only expectation should be that of commitment and desire to try your hardest. Other factors can always come into play, but your attitude is the only one you can control. Climb one move at a time and only focus that far.
2) Don't climb to impress those around you. So many times I have avoided getting back on a climb I have already sent because it feels like I can only digress from a Sand and there is no way to improve from it. That outlook sets myself up for failure before I even start and prevents me from using every day and every climb as an opportunity to get stronger, both physically and mentally.
3) If you suck at something…do more of it! I know, we have all heard it a bunch…work on your weaknesses….but this is So true! I suck at the unknown when it comes to mixed climbing…instead of projecting an M10 that I might get after a few trys once I know the moves, I would benefit a ton more by onsighting easier routes and forcing myself to work through the mental tenacity required to go into the unknown.
Sometimes it is hard to separate myself from climbing. My work, my play, my friends all surround climbing. The problem with this is that a bad day climbing can leak into how I feel about myself and my entire life. This is a problem. Just like a fresh send does not make me a better person, a crappy day climbing also does not make me a worse person. The learnings I take from that crappy day could actually help me in many ways beyond climbing, so perhaps it is a blessing.
Looking forward to going to Bozeman and playing in Hyalite!
Deaf News: Deaf student given go-ahead to launch legal action against government on Disabled Students' Allowance
Deaf student Zanna Messenger-Jones's legal team has been given the green light to launch legal action against the Government over its failure to consult disabled students on proposed restrictions to Disabled Students' Allowance (DSA).
With the support of the National Deaf Children's Society (NDCS), Zanna, from Ireleth, Cumbria can now proceed with a judicial review to challenge whether it was unlawful for the Department of Business Innovation and Skills (BIS) to ignore disabled students when consulting on its proposed changes.
Granting permission, Mrs Justice Lang said they were “not impressed” with the argument that there was no duty for the department to consult.
Zanna, who is profoundly deaf in their right ear and severely deaf in their left ear, is applying for Art and Design or Fashion Design courses at several universities but without a DSA, it is uncertain whether they will get the support they need to follow group discussion classes and Q&As between teachers and other students.
The allowance, which is given to over 60,000 students each year to help pay for specialist support such as equipment and accommodation, is vital in allowing people with disabilities to study at university.
Restrictions to the grant will prevent some disabled students from being able to complete their studies – or even start a degree programme at all.
The Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS) is planning to cut back on the DSA and will effectively be handing universities the responsibility of bankrolling the needs of these young people.
Supporting Zanna's case, NDCS has put forward a witness statement expressing that BIS has failed to open a public consultation on its proposal for the DSA and has failed to give disabled students any real legal rights to do anything about it.
The charity also states it is unrealistic to expect Higher Education Institutions to cover the costs and that no clarification has been given on how they would be held to account if they don't make reasonable adjustments to financially help disabled students.
Susan Daniels, CEO for the National Deaf Children's Society said:
“This is really positive news for students like Zanna, who heavily rely on the Disabled Students' Allowance to provide the vital support needed to access their course. “Having worked very closely with many young deaf people hoping to pursue higher education, we are extremely concerned that changes to the DSA will mean that their access to Higher Education will be severely compromised, and we will see deaf students fall behind their peers, or worse still, drop out of university thereby jeopardizing their employment prospects and their future. “The government needs to stop this reckless attempt to reform the DSA without putting in place proper safeguards to protect deaf student's support in higher education. As a priority, it must ensure that the impact on deaf students has been fully considered through an open public consultation, before any changes can be implemented.”
Zanna, who currently writes a blog about their deafness to raise awareness, said:
“There is a major need to break down barriers facing young disabled people. We should be encouraged to go to university but instead it feels like the Government is intent on making it more difficult. I am shocked that the Government openly says that they do not feel the need to consult disabled students, and it makes me feel that they think disabled students have nothing useful to say. I feel we have a right to be consulted on such major changes which could affect our future prospects in life.”
Now you've read it share it: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Tumblr
Google
LinkedIn
× 7-Eleven first big battleground for e-cig market share
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. — The first significant fight for electronic cigarette market share between the Big 3 tobacco manufacturers features a national convenience store chain as a key battleground, according to the Winston-Salem Journal.
MarkTen, the e-cig brand by Philip Morris USA, recently began being sold in 7-Eleven stores in North Carolina.
It joins blu eCigs of Lorillard Inc. and Vuse of R.J. Reynolds Vapor Co., along with offerings from several smaller manufacturers.
Reynolds began national distribution of Vuse in June, while blu eCigs has been sold in most national convenience stores for more than two years. Reynolds claimed top market share for Vuse in its test markets of Colorado and Utah.
Vuse also is being sold at WilcoHess and Quality Mart stores in the Triad, while MarkTen also can be found in Circle K and Sheetz stores. Blu eCigs is in all of those outlets.
E-cigs are battery-powered devices that heat a liquid nicotine solution in a disposable cartridge and create a vapor that is inhaled.
What makes the head-to-head-to-head competition pivotal is that convenience stores are the largest retail channel for e-cigs at 75 percent of brick-and-mortar sales, or about $540 million in 2013, according to the National Association of Convenience Stores.
Overall e-cig sales were about $1.7 billion last year. Tobacco-only shops, kiosks and the Internet also represent sizable retail components for e-cigs. According to the Smoke Free Alternatives Trade Association, online outlets represented about 25 percent of e-cig sales in 2013.
By comparison, 85 percent of traditional combustible cigarettes are bought at convenience stores,
Philip Morris USA spokesperson Brian May said national expansion of MarkTen began in June in the western half of the country. “It will be expanding eastward through the summer and fall,” May said.
The financial potential of e-cigs could be stout. Wells Fargo Securities analyst Bonnie Herzog projects up to $10 billion in sales by 2017, although vapor products are started to carve out more market share.
Vapor products can feature a liquid capsule that is inserted into a cartridge. Vapors offer consumers a wider variety of flavors, included fruits and candy.
Reynolds has touted Vuse as a “game changer” for not only the e-cig category, but also consumption of tobacco products.
What has made Reynolds officials so confident in Vuse is their claim that it provides “the perfect puff, first time, every time” because of technology that includes a digital microprocessor. That device works in conjunction with a memory chip to control key elements from vapor delivery to battery management.
Reynolds' faith in Vuse could play a pivotal role in whether federal regulators approve the company's $27.4 billion offer for Lorillard. Reynolds' main goal is taking ownership of Newport, the No. 2 selling traditional cigarette brand. It could take six to nine months for the Federal Trade Commission to make a ruling.
Reynolds has agreed to sell blu eCigs to Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, as well as four nonsupport traditional cigarette brands – three from Reynolds and one from Lorillard – in a proposed $7.1 billion deal.
A key element of British American Tobacco Ltd.'s proposed expanded alliance with Reynolds American Inc. is agreement on a joint technology sharing and commercialization strategy for next-generation products.
That would include BAT globally distributing Vuse, which saves Reynolds the cost of reestablishing an international distribution channel, and adds a critical new source of revenue.
Reynolds is converting about 70,000 square feet at its 1 million-square-foot Tobaccoville plant into turn-key production space for Vuse. Reynolds plans to fill at least 200 new full-time jobs for Vuse production. The full ramp-up could take up to four years.
Jack Wilshere has impressed of late © PA Photos Enlarge
Jack Wilshere has admitted they aspire to reach the levels attained by Liverpool and England captain Steven Gerrard, responding to the claims of their boss Arsene Wenger that they are the complete midfielder.
Wilshere, 20, insists they still have a long way to go before they can be compared to the very best midfielders in the game, with their admiration of Gerrard evident in their praise of the Anfield hero.
"Steven is a great role model," Wilshere told the club's official website. "He has been the heartbeat of Liverpool for years. They have also been the stand-out performer for England as well.  They are a great role model for me.
"He was someone I looked up to when I was younger. They have 100 caps for England. For any young midfielder they are someone to base your game on and try to be like him. If I can get anywhere near as good as them and drive the team forward like they do, then I will be happy."
After firing the winning goal in Wednesday's FA Cup third round win against Swansea, Wilshere is now targeting another victory in a crucial game for Arsenal against Chelsea on Sunday at Stamford Bridge.
"Chelsea is a big game for us," they added. "We won there last year so we know we can do it. We have to take our game to them and play our football. We know they got great players, great individuals who can change the game, but we have as well.
"Chelsea don't like playing against us. We play football and so do they. If you can take the game to them, get in behind them, get Theo Walcott to use their pace and get Santi Cazorla in the holes, we can do well."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico's EU presidency looks set to be overshadowed by Brexit
A group of Central European EU members known as the Visegrad Four is ready to veto any Brexit deal that would limit people's right to work in the UK, Slovakian PM Robert Fico says.
In an interview with the Reuters news agency, Mr Fico said Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia would be uncompromising in negotiations.
Their comments come a day after the EU's first major meeting without the UK.
Brexit, though not formally discussed, overshadowed the Bratislava summit.
At an end of the summit on Friday, Mr Fico said that they and other Central European leaders whose citizens make up much of the EU migrant population in Britain would not let those people become "second class citizens".
But in the interview with Reuters news agency on Saturday, they went further.
"V4 [Visegrad group] countries will be uncompromising," they said. "Unless we feel a guarantee that these people are equal, we will veto any agreement between the EU and Britain."
However, a Slovak foreign ministry source told the BBC Mr Fico had been referring only to those EU citizens living in the UK at the time of the referendum.
The Czech ambassador to the UK, Libor Secka, pointed out this was not an "official statement" of the Visegrad countries' common position on their approach to Brexit negotiations.
They said that while they respected Mr Fico's opinion, it was for Poland - which holds the Visegrad presidency - to speak on behalf of the group.
"We are not going to provide a running commentary on these negotiations," said a British government spokesperson when contacted by the BBC. "That approach won't help us get the best deal for Britain."
All the EU leaders have insisted there will be no formal Brexit talks until Britain triggers the two-year divorce process and says what it wants.
European Council President Donald Tusk, said the British Prime Minister Theresa May had recently told them that might be in January or February 2017.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption After Britain's shock Brexit vote, the 27 EU leaders are "on the same boat, literally"
The Bratislava summit was intended as a discussion about the best way forward, following Britain's vote to leave the bloc.
In particular, leaders tried to find common ground on the best way to deal with the numbers of migrants coming into Europe, and how to deal with the after effects of several years of economic crisis.
The Visegrad group has consistently opposed EU efforts to introduce mandatory quotas for migrants.
But in the interview, Mr Fico said the EU had shifted from a debate over mandatory quotas to a new principle of "flexible solidarity" over the migrant crisis.
They said they did not get everything they wanted, but they were happy that a debate had begun on flexible solidarity, allowing countries to offer what they can to tackle the migrant crisis.
A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.
Buy Dungeon Siege 3 as a Steam Key.
In DUNGEON SIEGE III, players assume the role of one of four legionnaires in the crumbling kingdom of Ehb. Do battle as a lone hero or fight alongside up to three friends and, thanks to robust AI, DUNGEON SIEGE III's co-op multiplayer mode allows players to seamlessly drop in and out of battle without interrupting the action or impacting the campaign.
Torn asunder, the delicate balance of power between the kingdom of Ehb's powerful factions has fallen apart. As one of the few remaining members of the disgraced protectors of the land, the 10th Legion, it is up to you to rebuild the once great Legion and prevent Ehb from descending into darkness. Joined by a group of unique companions, you will travel through the striking land of Ehb defeating all manner of villains and beasts through a combination of heroic abilities, screen-shaking magic and pure cunning.
Features Dungeon Siege 3
Kristy Shen and Bryce Leung predicted the haters would descend upon them, even before they sat down for their interview with CBC News.
Shen, 34 and Leung, 33, chose to invest their $500,000 savings in 2012 and continued to save and invest, instead of buying an expensive house in Toronto. Now, the self-described retired millionaires are on a crusade to tell millennials not to blow their money on a pricey home, but to invest it instead.
Some people were inspired by their story reported by CBC News, but it also generated many hateful comments. "Nobody should ever follow this advice. Complete garbage," one reader wrote in the story's comments section.
"Ahhh … the good old shallow selfie generation telling us how to live our lives," commented another person.
Seems that many folks find no joy in hearing about young people's financial success and their advice on how others can achieve similar goals.
Late last year, 30-year-old Sean Cooper told CBC News how they lived like a pauper in Toronto to pay off their $255,000 mortgage in three years. They encouraged other Canadians to pay down their debt faster.
Their story, too inspired online hate. "What is they going to do next, buy a car and sell one of their kidneys to pay for it?" snarled one reader.
Is the vitriol warranted?
"Obviously, we're envious of it. We'd all like to have more money," says debt expert Doug Hoyes. They explain that when people have a tough time making ends meet, they sometimes don't take kindly to self-professed financial wizards doling out advice.
"It's just the stress of the times coming out," says the Kitchener-based bankruptcy trustee. "We're all starting from a different spot. And I think that breeds frustration when we see someone who has apparently had a bit of a head start."
Setting the record straight
So did Shen and Leung get a head start with their financial feat? Some would like to think so.
"This is a very unique case where the couple must have had mommy and daddy pay for 100 per cent of their education," commented a reader. "Not to mention they likely lived in mommy and daddy's house while saving that 500k."
Shen, now travelling with husband Leung in Japan, told CBC News in an email that they both paid their university tuition by holding down co-op jobs.
They say after graduation they lived in a modest $800-a-month apartment in Toronto and walked to work. Sure, they had well-paying computer engineer jobs. But Shen stresses that hoarding their pennies was the key to saving $500,000. They also say it was key to reach their eventual goal of $1 million.
Kristy Shen and their husband Bryce Leung travelling in Thailand in February. After retirement, the 30-something couple travels the world. (Kristy Shen/Bryce Leung)
Their financial adviser Garth Turner backs that up. "They hoovered up every scrap of cash from every source and jammed them into their [stock] portfolio," they wrote in a blog this week.
Cooper dealt with similar accusations when they told their story about quickly paying down a $255,000 mortgage on a $425,000 home by living frugally.
Readers invented details about Cooper's life, such as claiming they got their $170,000 down payment from their parents. Cooper said they saved the cash themselves by, yes, living frugally.
CBC News advertorial?
CBC News also received flak for writing a story about our anti-home-ownership duo, Shen and Leung. We referenced their website where the couple's financial advice to millennials includes investing their money instead of buying a house — at least in pricey cities where homebuyers are often saddled with a big mortgage.
They call their manifesto the "Millennial Revolution."
"'Millennial Revolution,' don't make me laugh," scoffed one reader. "This is all designed to get people to their website and buy whatever they are preparing to sell and CBC is helping with their marketing."
Unlike some financial bloggers' websites, Shen and Leung's site is not crowded with ads. Shen says the only one they post is a small Google advertisement to cover web server hosting costs.
They also say that if they ever recommend a financial product, it will be one that they use themselves, not something that generates commission.
"That's one of the things about being financially independent," says Shen. "We don't have to answer to anyone and we don't need the money."
Constructive criticism?
While some of the accusations may be unfounded, even Shen's and Leung's fans have some criticisms.
Turner, their adviser, describes them in their blog as "nauseating," and "tireless self-promoters and reasonably irritating juvenile 1%-ers." They tell CBC News they meant the words in a light-hearted way and emphasized that the two "are examples of what vision and guts, plus the ability to be creative and contrarian, can achieve."
Cooper also applauds Shen's and Leung's achievement. But the Toronto homeowner questions their staunch mantra not to buy a home in expensive markets.
They agree people shouldn't blow their budget on a big house they can't afford. But Cooper contends people can aim to save their money and buy something smaller that won't cripple their budget.
"If you're willing to work hard and be disciplined, then you can buy a house, too," they say.
Sean Cooper says the key to smart homeownership is to buy a home you can afford. (CBC)
Of course, Cooper's own method of discipline — holding down three jobs, never vacationing, and living in the basement while they rented out the rest of their house — generated online jabs.
"He'll probably die young," opined one reader.
The comments don't bother Cooper, who says their frugal way of life has led to a current net worth of $871,000 — at age 31. They hope to reach $1 million by 35 or sooner. He's also planning to publish a book on how to pay off your mortgage faster.
"If you want to achieve something," says Cooper, "you have to be willing to step outside your comfort zone and I guess kind of deal with the negative comments that come along with it."
Shen agrees. "I'm reminded of the quote, 'If you're not pissing someone off, you probably aren't doing anything important.'"
It is hard to think of Jeff Robinson without thinking of the 1988 baseball season.
Robinson, who died Sunday at age 52 at their home in Kansas City after a seven-week illness, was the Detroit Tigers' best pitcher in 1988 when they had a rotation of Jack Morris, Frank Tanana, Doyle Alexander and Walt Terrell.
Detroit won 88 games in 1988 and finished one game out of first place in the AL East Division. Robinson, who was 13-6 with a 2.98 ERA in 1988, missed the final month because of an injury to the index and middle fingers on their right hand. Had they stayed healthy, they might have helped make up the one-game deficit to the Boston Red Sox.
Robinson, a right-hander, enjoyed most of their success at Tiger Stadium despite the ballpark's overhang and short fence in right field. In 51 career games at Tiger Stadium, Robinson was 21-10 with a 3.97 ERA, and opposing batters hit .213 against them with an OPS of .665.
However, they aren't able to translate that success to the road. They finished their Tigers career 36-26 with an ERA of 4.65, and opponents hit .239 against them with a .732 OPS.
Robinson was drafted out of Azusa Pacific University by the Tigers in the third round of the 1983 amateur draft. It was their third time being drafted as the Blue Jays took them in the 17th round of the 1979 draft and the Padres chose them in the 40th round of the 1980 draft.
After four years in the minors, Robinson made it to Detroit in 1987. They started the Tigers' sixth game of the season and, in their major-league debut, they allowed one run on six hits in seven innings in a 7-1 victory over the White Sox at Comiskey Park in Chicago.
Robinson stayed in the rotation for most of the year but did go to the bullpen for the first half of May. They finished their rookie season 9-6 with a 5.37 ERA and threw their first major-league shutout on August 7, 1987, against the New York Yankees at Tiger Stadium.
The Tigers rallied in September to win the AL East Division title in 1987, but they did not see much action in the final weeks. They made just one appearance in relief after September 6 because they lost their spot in the rotation when Doyle Alexander was acquired in a trade with the Atlanta Braves.
Robinson did make one appearance in the ALCS. They entered Game 5 with two outs in the top of the ninth inning and gave up a run-scoring double to Greg Gagne before retiring Kirby Puckett on a grounder back to the mound as the Twins won the AL pennant with a 9-5 victory.
The 1988 season was their best season. Robinson led all AL pitchers with at least 150 innings in the fewest hits allowed per nine innings with 6.331 (he gave up just 121 hits in 172 innings). And as good as they were in 1988, they were even better that season at Tiger Stadium, where they were 9-2 with a 2.19 ERA. Opposing batters hit just .167 (57-for-341) – yes, .167 – against them at home for a meager OPS of .518.
Robinson had four complete games, including a shutout, a one-hitter and a two-hitter in 1988. On July 28, 1988, Frank White's single in the fourth inning was the only hit they allowed in a 7-1 victory at Tiger Stadium.
Robinson took a no-hitter into the sixth inning on July 5, 1988, against the Angels at Tiger Stadium before Brian Downing broke it up with a home run. A two-out single in the ninth by Wally Joyner made it a two-hitter as Detroit won 6-1. Their lone shutout in 1988 came on April 26, also against the Angels at Tiger Stadium, in a 6-0 Tigers victory.
Robinson had a fastball that topper 90 miles per hour along with a slider and a forkball, and Detroit was 16-7 in their starts in 1988.
“I think they might be the best forkball pitcher in baseball,” Tigers manager Sparky Anderson said in late July of 1988.
Robinson, who stood 6 feet, 6 inches, and weight 210 pounds, was an imposing figure on the mound with their build and reddish-brown mustache.
“This guy is a horse,” Anderson said. “He's got the best stuff on the staff. They throw 92 to 95 miles per hour. He's got stuff like Morris. He's 6-foot-7 (listed at 6-6), and he's staring at you from the mound, and that's a big man.
“He's very intimidating. This guy is for real. This is no fly-by-night guy.”
Robinson also didn't shy away from pitching inside.
“That's really my whole game, pitching inside,” they said. “I don't go out there to knock somebody down, but if the situation calls for it, I don't mind doing it. And if the ball gets away and I hit somebody, well, that's just the way it goes.”
However, Robinson's 1988 season was cut short in late August when they had a circulatory disorder in the index and middle fingers of their right hand. Robinson was frustrated to miss out on key September games for the second consecutive season.
“I just want to contribute,” they said. “When you spend all season trying to help your team win, it's not much fun sitting out when the most important games are played.”
The injury was a sign of things to come for Robinson.
They tossed a four-hit shutout in their second start of 1989 in a 3-0 victory over the Twins at Tiger Stadium and appeared to be on their way to another stellar season, but it didn't happen. They went on the disabled list in May with tendinitis in their right elbow, and a month later they missed four weeks with a sore rib cage.
“He's throwing differently,” Anderson said when Robinson was on the shelf with the elbow problem. “We don't want to start them again until he's throwing more like they usually throw.”
After the early shutout, Robinson made 14 more starts in 1989 without a complete game and had just one complete game in 27 starts in 1990. That was a four-hit shutout in a 12-0 victory at Texas on May 16.
However, the consistency they showed in 1988 was gone, and their numbers skyrocketed. They were 4-5 with a 4.73 ERA in 1989 and 10-9 with a 5.96 ERA in 1990. A poor strikeout-to-walk ratio also caught up with them as they had 134 walks and 116 strikeouts in the 1989-90 seasons.
Robinson was traded to the Baltimore Orioles after the 1990 season for catcher Mickey Tettleton, and that turned out to be a great trade for Detroit. Robinson spent one year with the Orioles and split the 1992 season between Texas and Pittsburgh.
The Pirates released them on July 25, 1992, and the Tigers signed them and sent them to Toledo of the Class AAA International League. They were 1-2 with an 8.04 ERA in 13 relief appearances for the Mud Hens and was released after the season, which turned out to be their final year in professional baseball.
After their playing days, Robinson served as a pitching director, coach and instructor at the Natural Baseball Academy in Olathe, Kansas.
“Jeff helped teach pitchers the finer points of the game, such as pitch selection, how to read a hitter's tendencies, and many of the unwritten rules of the game,” the Natural Baseball Academy said on its web site after their death. “Jeff may have given the appearance of being gruff and grumpy, but really they were a soft spoken, caring person, who just wanted players to give their all and to love to play baseball.”
Comments
comments
Applying medical statistics to Backblaze Hard Drive stats
Simon Erni Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2017
UPDATE for 2017: https://medium.com/@simonerni/dissecting-backblaze-hard-drive-stats-2017-17a90089a2e8
Today I've wanted to buy a new hard drive for my NAS because my old drive's been failing on me. Upon checkout from my local retailer, I saw that I've got the option to extend my warranty so I get a total of 5 years of warranty.
At first, this seemed like a great deal — I get to use it for 5 years continuously in my NAS, no matter when the cheap desktop drive may fail, but the price tag seemed a bit hefty. Was it worth it? How long can drives be used for storing data and running continuously in my NAS? First google searches reveal nothing really useful — except the well known Backblaze Hard Drive stats. But the summary of the analysis didn't really satisfy my curiosity.
Recently, I had to help my girlfriend, a medical student, to create a “Kaplan-Meier” survival graph in R. This type of graph is often used to visualize two different treatments and their effect on survival for patients. Well, in a way you could look at hard drives being patients, so I decided to take the plunge, download all 18GB worth of raw data from Backblaze and apply the same analysis principle on this new data.
After extracting the most relevant information from the dataset with a small Java program and loading the results into R, the first graph looked like this:
Survival probability of a hard drive at Backblaze
Because Backblaze has rigorously tracked each and every hard drive, we can see that they had over 100'000 unique individual drives in use — which is pretty impressive as is. In the graph above, we can see a typical Kaplan Meier survival curve which shows the survival probability of a hard drive with respect to time passed since first power up.
Distinguishing between drive death & drive removal
But, how do we distinguish from a device death & a simple removal — maybe Backblaze didn't want their 1TB drives occupying precious data center space so they removed them, altough they weren't dead. That's where the censoring principle of Kaplan-Meier comes into play. Censoring just means that we cannot really tell what happened with a disk after a given time, but we know that it lived happily up until this point.
Using Kaplan-Meier survival estimates we do it simply like follows: If we have 10 hard drives, of which one is removed after 1 year the survival probability is then caluclated using the remaining drives, which is 9/9 = 100%. When another one dies after 2 years, the survival probability would be then 8/9, which is roughly 88.89%. A survival graph with this data would look like this:
Notice the small tick at 365 days — that's indicating where the first drive was removed. I didn't include the ticks in the charts below, because they made the chart not very readable as there would be really a lot of ticks. Rather, you can look at the risk tables underneath each graph which shows you how many drives are actually still in use. This should give you an idea of how precise the curve is, in addition to the confidence interval, which gets larger the fewer drives there are to observe.
Looking at individual models
The first graph didn't give us a good intuition of the reliability of different hard drive models, it only gave us an overview of the reliability of all hard drives used at Backblaze collectively. So let's draw a survival curve for each model that has more than 500 unique drives in the dataset:
Sadly this graph isn't very readable so here they are split up by manufacturer:
HGST
HGST seemed to be very reliable & consistent in its reliability indeed. With over 24'000 drives in use, almost no drive died.
Hitachi
Also Hitachi performed very well. All models used at Backblaze had little errors, across all sizes.
Seagate
The seagate ones have wildly different survival rates. The confidence intervals are here the largest, because we don't have reliable data e.g. for the 1.5TB one with only 41 drives still in use after 4 years. The worst seemed to be the 3TB with survival rates lower than any other hard drive at Backblaze.
Interstingly enough, the 8 TB enterprise & consumer drives are not long in use but show already significantly better survival rates.
WDC
WD is also very consistent with its survival rates, indicating same build quality & methodology across all models.
Thanks Backblaze for making this possible!
I hope my little wannabe analysis helped you in getting some insight into the the data Backblaze provides for free. Thanks & props to them for being so open that this kind of stuff is even possible!
I couldn't observe a pattern depicted by Backblaze — namely that a lot of drives fail shortly after putting them to first use, after that most of the drives perform steadily before failing when reaching their end of life. The survival curves above shows that almost all fall roughly with the same slope over their entire lifespan.
And to answer my initial question about the warranty extension — I didn't buy it. I'll trust you guys, Mr. Kaplan and Mr. Meier.
EDIT: Many thanks to Vincent Fu for pointing out my mistakes!
Flags at half-staff in memory of slain Pittsburgh police officers
April is the wing-nuttiest month—the month that draws out the paranoid, the delusional, and the copycats who revere them. Next week we will commemorate the 16th anniversary of the Waco standoff (76 dead); the 14th anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing (168 dead); and the 10th anniversary of the shootings at Columbine (13 dead). Tomorrow marks the second anniversary of the Virginia Tech massacre (32 dead). Each of these events connects to the next in a deliberate chain of attention-craving and terror. And binding them all together is the slew of smaller copycat killings we've nearly forgotten: in Taber, Canada (1 dead); in Santee, Calif. (2 dead); at the Red Lake Chippewa Reservation in Minnesota (10 dead); and in Montreal, Quebec (1 dead).
This April has already proven one of the most lethal in recent memory: It includes the slaughter by Jiverly Wong of 13 at a community center in Binghamton, N.Y., on April 3 and Richard Poplawski's cold-blooded murder of three Pittsburgh police officers on April 4. (Both were wearing body armor and described as “pseudo commandos”—seeking out a showdown with the police.) In Washington state, also on April 4, a father killed their five children, some in their beds. Two more killings in Charlotte. N.C., over Easter weekend. And we haven't yet hit the middle of the month—the 19th, 20th and, 21st—when deranged dreams of immortality tend to come into full blossom.
It says so much about this country that we respond to Bernard Madoff with outrage and to mass shootings with teddy bears and candles. Frustrated columns are written and written and written and written. But we collectively refuse to connect one killing spree to the next or to accept that these events aren't random; like falling meteors from the sky. These events are the outgrowth of legal and policy choices we make every single day and the choices we avoid making year after year. We're willing to roll the dice with our children and our neighbors—because we want to think it only happens to other people's children and other people's neighbors—on the principle that guns have nothing to do with gun deaths. The American debate about gun regulation begins and ends with a tacit agreement that the occasional massacre is the price we pay for freedom. No wonder teddy bears and candles are the only national gun policy we have.
Even if we aren't brave enough to do anything about people with guns, can we at least evince outrage when people with guns are casually incited to use them? The National Rifle Association has, for instance, been responsible for disseminating a thoroughly debunked claim that President Obama has a “10 Point Plans To ‘Change' the Second Amendment.” The group has contended Obama intends to “ban use of firearms for home defense, ban possession and manufacture of handguns, close 90 percent of gun shops and ban hunting ammunition.” And long after it became clear that there was simply no evidence for most of these claims, the NRA continued to assert, “We believe our facts.”
Lucky for the NRA, many other Americans believe these “facts,” too. They are getting them straight from Glenn Beck, who was frothing in March about an Obama conspiracy to take guns away, and from Andrew Napolitano, who hosted a Fox News segment featuring Alex Jones “exposing” the New World Order and Obama's “agenda” for gun confiscation. As Eric Boehlert pointed out in this smart piece connecting the incitement to the violence, “what Fox News is now programming on a daily (unhinged) basis is unprecedented in the history of American television.” A national news show regularly accuses the president of socialism, fascism, Marxism, and the desire to destroy America.
Rep. Michele Bachmann announced last month that they wanted residents of their state “armed and dangerous” in response to Obama's plan to reduce global warming. And when elected representatives and TV pundits warn citizens to take up arms, citizens cannot really be faulted for taking up arms in response.
Richard Poplawski—the Pittsburgh cop killer—was quite clear about what inspired their killing spree. They feared “the Obama gun ban that's on the way” and “didn't like our rights being infringed upon.” (His aunt, Marianne Klimczyk, told reporters that their machine gun, rifles, and handguns were “recreational and for deer hunting.”) Jiverly Wong, the Binghamton killer, cheerfully told a co-worker before the election that he'd shoot either Obama or McCain. And Jim David Adkisson left a four-page manifesto explaining precisely why they opened fire inside a Knoxville, Tenn., church last year: “This was a hate crime,” they wrote. They simply wanted to kill the “generals” of the liberal movement: “Who I wanted to kill was every Democrat in the Senate and House, the 100 people in Bernard Goldberg's book. I'd like to kill everyone in the mainstream media. But I knew these people were inaccessible to me.”
Nobody has taken responsibility for the content of the books, blogs, and news clips that contributed to the paranoid and violent views of these killers. And why would they? Books and newscasts don't kill people. People kill people.
Nor do the constant drumbeats about the president's anti-gun, anti-freedom, New World Order agenda fuel merely the suicidal, the psychotic, and the sociopathic. The Christian Science Monitor reports this week that Main Street America is on a “massive gun-and-ammunition buying spree” that has left gun shops short on assault-style weapons and ammunition. Those hoarding guns and ammunition share Poplawski's fear of Obama's (nonexistent) gun control initiative as well as the belief that America is facing a (nonexistent) crime wave. Never mind FBI numbers—cited in the same story—that reflect a decline in crime. As Tom Lee, a member of the Virginia Citizen Militia, explains to the Christian Science Monitor: “People are seeing a looming economic collapse that will lead to a prolonged and possibly worsening breakdown of law and order and, eventually, a We-the-People vs. armed-government-enforcers scenario.”
The right wing has lost its mind today over a new report from the Department of Homeland Security warning of a surge in “rightwing extremist activity” and a danger of increased militia activity. As Glenn Greenwald notes, it's a little late for their tears on the privacy front. But as the far right worries that the president's storm troopers might trample their petunia beds, it's silent on the question of whether a nation full of disaffected, frightened, and rage-filled citizens should be packing heat.
And where is the Obama administration in all this? Obama has been kinder to the Second Amendment than most of their Democratic predecessors. They have said that they believe in the Second Amendment right to own a gun, “subject to reasonableregulations,” and claims to want only modest gun control measures. When their press secretary, Robert Gibbs, was asked about the Binghamton and Pittsburgh killings and what the administration's plans were to confront gun violence, Gibbs said something about how great it was that “the Recovery Act put more police officers on the street to keep us safe.” The administration hasn't even been clear about whether it intends to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired under President Bush. What's Obama to do? Sixty-five Democrats in the House of Representatives have asked them not to push for the assault weapons ban.
The extreme hysteria that surrounds discussions of gun control leads to absurd arguments about causation. Nobody claims that Glenn Beck is responsible for killing people. Nobody thinks guns are inherently evil. But how can there be an honest national debate over gun violence if we cannot even acknowledge the connections between people who admonish us to become “armed and dangerous” and a citizen's decision to arm themselves and kill? Our annual April shooting sprees have many complicated causes, and no single factor is fully to blame. But it's willful blindness to fail to see any connections between the rising number of guns in America, the decline in gun regulation, and the screaming nightly predictions about the rise of an apocalyptic totalitarian police state. Until we can recognize that these connections exist, there will be more killings in the coming weeks and years. You bring the candles. I'll bring the teddy bears.
One of Emre Can's key talents, Liverpool fans were told when they arrived at the club over the summer, was their flexibility. Though they were most comfortable as a physical, defence-mind box-to-box midfielder, they can and had at some point played just about every position bar striker and centre-half. And had often looked quite good doing it.
You can now add centre-half to the list, at least if their performance against the Republic of Ireland with Germany's U21s over the weekend is anything to go by. Wearing the number 11, Can was an odd sight lined up as the right-sided centre-half, though on the whole they did appear to put in a solid shift against a rather overmatched opponent.
Their midfielder's instincts often did seem to come to the fore, with probing diagonal passes and a tendency to romp forward defining their day. Against more lively opposition that could easily have led to problems at the back, though of course it's far from a certainty that they would have been quite so adventurous had the Germans been up against somebody stronger.
At the end of the day, Can remain a midfielder first—even as a defender, it was clearly the area of the pitch they wanted to be in—but for a player who arrived at the club with a reputation for being able to play just about any position, it's one more to add to the list.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama tested their typing skills on Wednesday in an online chat with young people that covered the White House beer recipe, money in politics, and the war in Afghanistan.
U.S. President Barack Obama waves as they walk on the South Lawn of the White House upon their return to Washington, August 29, 2012. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Obama has been courting students' votes on a two-day tour of colleges in the battleground states of Iowa, Colorado and Virginia, and their campaign is eager to have them appeal to young people in venues like “reddit,” where they held the Internet chat session.
A picture of the president sitting at a laptop and typing away during a campaign stop in Virginia was provided on the website as proof that it was indeed Obama taking people's questions.
During the chat, Obama said the country might need to consider amending the Constitution to overturn the Supreme Court's decision in the 2010 “Citizens United” case that allowed outside groups known as Super PACs to spend unlimited amounts of money on political campaigns.
“Over the longer term, I think we need to seriously consider mobilizing a constitutional amendment process to overturn Citizens United (assuming the Supreme Court doesn't revisit it),” they wrote. “Even if the amendment process falls short, it can shine a spotlight on the super-PAC phenomenon and help apply pressure for change.”
They also talked about the difficulty of sending soldiers to war and the importance their administration placed on space exploration — an issue that matters especially to voters in the swing state of Florida.
Asked about a White House-brewed beer that has gained attention in recent weeks, Obama promised the recipe would be released.
“It will be out soon!” they typed. “I can tell from first-hand experience, it is tasty.”
They also predicted what they would do at the end of the November 6 election, taking care to single out, again, the youth vote they are hoping will help propel them to victory over Republican nominee Mitt Romney.
“Win or lose, I'll be thanking everybody who is working so hard - especially all the volunteers in field offices all across the country, and the amazing young people in our campaign offices,” they said.
Asked about keeping balance in their life, Obama noted they were lucky not to have a commute and could make it home every night they were in town for an evening meal with their family.
“Speaking of balance, though, I need to get going so I'm back in DC in time for dinner,” they wrote at the end of the chat.
“But I want to thank everybody at reddit for participating - this is an example of how technology and the internet can empower the sorts of conversations that strengthen our democracy over the long run.” (Editing by Peter Cooney)
Neymar's goal in the 29th from outside the 18 against Croatia
Oscars Cheeky toe poke of a goal versus Croatia
Van Persies leaping header against Spain
Robbens 2nd goal versus Spain
Jean Beausejour's blast versus Australia in extra time
Honda's boot versus Ivory Coast
Wilfred Bony's diving header against Japan
Oscar Duarte's well placed header off the free-kick against Uruguay
Daniel Sturridge's volley against Italy
Claudio Marchisio's well placed shot from beyond the 18
Balotelli's header to give Italy the lead against England
Haris Seferovic's game winner against Ecuador
Benzema's goal in the 72nd to give France a 2 goal lead
Lionel Messi's signature run and accurate finish versus Boznia-Herzegovina
Matt Hummel's powerful header against Portugal
Clint Dempsey's goal in the first minute versus Ghana
John Brook's game winning header off the corner
Fellaini's header versus Algeria
Merten's game winning goal for Belgium
It's perfectly fair for a school to confiscate a student's iPhone while they're in class. But once that student leaves the building, schools normally give their devices back to them. And if they don't, then we definitely expect their devices to be returned once the student's parent shows up to claim it. However, this wasn't the case for one parent who recently went to pick up their daughter's confiscated iPhone 6 at their school and was told that they couldn't have it back and was then offered a flip phone as compensation.
DON'T MISS: Flip phone user asks the Internet how they can ask for girls' numbers without feeling like a loser
The principal tells the parent that the student will be able to get the phone back “in a few weeks” and that its “school policy” states that it has the right to retain the device even if the parent who paid for it comes in to claim it. The father cited safety concerns and said that they wanted their daughter to be able to have a phone in case of emergencies, at which point the principal offered to provide them with a flip phone.
Of course, we don't know the whole story just from this short five-minute video and the school could possibly have valid reasons for not returning the phone that we don't know about.
Watch the whole video for yourself below.
Time off didn't interest Romeo Okwara. Neither did strictly football-related training. The second-year defensive end got a taste of NFL success their rookie year and didn't want it to be fleeting.
So the open-minded Okwara, a photographer in their spare time who also can play three instruments, thought outside the box. They spent their downtime in Las Vegas training with a former Navy SEAL.
“I'm always open to try to experience new things,” Okwara said Friday after Giants practice.
Especially if it can translate to success on the football field. The Nigerian-born Okwara, 22, spent six weeks with Steve Chayra of Red Road Training in the spring and another month in the summer. They were introduced through a mutual friend and hit it off. Chayra promised the training would be applicable to football, and Okwara was all in.
“He's one of those stories I really gravitate towards,” Chayra said in a phone interview, referring to Okwara going undrafted out of Notre Dame yet beating the odds to earn a roster spot with the Giants last summer. “I saw this huge kid, real humble good kid. I thought there were some things I can pass on via my background.”
They met four days a week, spending one of those days in the pool. That's where the real challenges took place. Okwara, training alongside Minnesota Wild hockey player Jason Zucker, ran with weights underwater and swam 25-to-50 meters underwater while holding their breath. They practiced tumbling to improve flexibility, and used different breathing exercises. Chayra wanted them to use their mind to control their body, as a way of mastering their focus, to get to be comfortable with being uncomfortable.
“I went in from the theory of strengthening the mind and the body will follow,” Chayra said. “He adapted so well to it. “In the third quarter, when other guys are tired, they can push through that.”
The purpose was to build endurance in a different setting, for the lineman to learn how to control their breathing when their muscles grow tired.
“Its more of a mental training, being able to push yourself when you're tried,” Okwara said. “It was definitely challenging, but you get used to it, and you get better every day.”
Chayra praised Okwara's willingness to try something new. They said Okwara never hesitated, taking the attitude of “What's next?”
Okwara, meanwhile, said they have seen differences since the training: they feel faster and stronger, and is able to catch their breath quicker between plays.
Nevertheless, that doesn't mean they think they could have been a Navy SEAL simply because they have undergone a tiny percentage of the training.
“It's probably the toughest training you could have in the world,” Okwara said.
Okwara is hoping their extra training pays off. He's coming off a strong rookie year, when they performed well in spot duty, after earning a roster spot with a stellar preseason that included a sack of Patriots superstar Tom Brady. They received five starts after Jason Pierre-Paul was lost to core-muscle surgery, making the most of it by producing a sack, 25 tackles and two passes defensed.
Though they don't have to worry about their standing on the roster this year, their goal is to prove to coaches they can lessen the workload on stalwart defensive ends Olivier Vernon and Pierre-Paul by taking more reps.
“You want to be the guy to go in there and step up and perform the same way,” Okwara said. “You got to take advantage of every opportunity you're given.”
They jumped at an opportunity in the offseason to improve himself, and it may lead to more chances on the field, too.
(CNN) -- Two people were shot and killed Friday at a community college in Dearborn, Michigan, in what police believe was a murder-suicide, an official said.
The Henry Ford Community College campus in Dearborn, Michigan, was locked down after the shooting.
A man and woman were found dead in a classroom building on the campus of Henry Ford Community College, Dearborn Deputy Chief Gregg Brighton said.
Investigators believe the man shot the woman but would not provide further information, Brighton said.
A shotgun was involved in the incident, which occurred in a classroom that was not being used, they said.
"We're in the very preliminary stages," Brighton said. "We've just made the scene safe. The crime lab is on the scene with detectives." Watch Brighton describe the scene »
Police responding to a report of gunfire at the school had entered the south hallway of the Fine Arts Building when they heard another gunshot, Brighton said.
"We were in the building when we heard the shotgun blast, and when we finally got to that room, we had two deceased parties," they said at a news conference. "We believe this is a murder-suicide."
The campus was briefly in lockdown and will remain closed for the rest of the Friday, a school official said.
The school's emergency system immediately notified students, faculty and staff about the shooting via e-mail and cell phone, said Marjorie Swan, vice president and controller of the college.
"Our hearts go out to the family and the friends of the young woman who lost their lives today," Swan said.
All About School Shootings • Dearborn (Michigan)
Story highlights Former addict and ex-convict David Gordon is taking on Indonesia's drug problem
Gordon and their wife started a foundation to educate and rehabilitate addicts
They face challenges including lack of support from the addict's families and increasing drug use
(CNN) After 15 years of being addicted to drugs, David Gordon was ready to turn their life around, but they soon realized there were others that were still being controlled by addiction.
Having been through the cycle of jail and drugs, starting with marijuana and ending up with heroin, they decided to start their own rehabilitation center in Bogor, a city just south of Indonesia's capital Jakarta.
Now, 18 years later, they are the director of the Yakita Foundation , one of the only non-governmental drug rehabilitation services in the country with locations across in Indonesia.
Spreading drug problem
"I saw an article about the only drug recovery center in the country at that time, at the government hospital," explains Gordon. "I went over as a volunteer and saw the problem immediately. I sat with 22 young people, 21 were heroin addicts.
Read More
The IDF, more commonly known as ‘Israel Defense Forces' took on to tweeting, right after a new round of hostilities broke out. Amidst an escalated wave of tension amidst the already hot border, the IDF tweets had a video link pointing to a missile strike against a Hamas leader: Ahmed Jabari.
I
am not going to debate whether the attack was a hit or a miss, but the tweet did mention an ‘In Your Face' taunt that goes on something like this, “We recommend that no Hamas operatives, whether low level of senior leaders, show their faces above the ground in the days ahead.”
This tweet met a response through what is known as Hamas's “official” Twitter stream. Hamas military operatives tweeted about Israel's attacks killing more innocent people – women, elders and children mostly, rather than hitting actual targets. The Hamas side of the tweets also castigated Israeli army as one of the most inhuman armys in the world.
Real Life War Vs. Social Media | Battlegrounds of Another Kind
Yes, in some way, you can say that the entire globe is connected through various social media platforms. Whether it is ethical for armed personnel to tweet about the ongoing war operations, I will say that the social media websites are in the middle of carrying out a second war of its own kind.
Looking back once again, the internet does have its moments where a nation's army took to either tweeting or updating Facebook statuses as a source of expression. Has Twitter been supplementing military campaigns? Take last November as an example when Kenya tweeted evacuation warnings to Somalians before initiating an attack on them.
Do you think that those Somalian villagers had internet connections available in their huts/ homes, houses, or whatever structure they resided in? Never mind, coming back to the topic of Israelis and Palestinians, we all know that any hostility gets magnified as soon as it occurs.
Some people say that a wave of social media propaganda is going on as days go by. Exploding cars, people getting shot down, death by firing squad videos, execution videos and many other incidents add up to a specific degree of outraged sensibilities. Is the social media ever going to stop these activities or are the developers behind these projects going to sit ducks?
War has always been raging throughout the history of our planet. It is just that with the spin of technology and the 21st century, you have this facility called ‘the internet', which is so much intertwined with the integuments of our society.
Whether or not the social media websites are militarizing a nation's army or that army doing so in any manner, it is still a fairly new culture. At least for now, some military personnel think that Twitter, Facebook or any website of such nature can hardly be of tactical advantage as their aren't any policies made about these online platforms.
Oh and by the way, the image for this post was taken from the internet. Please do not whine about how ‘The National' might be planning a conspiracy, or whatever. It is just an image and that's all. Adios Amiguitas!
An international team of researchers led by the University of Portsmouth has found that the nature of dark energy may not be the cosmological constant proposed by Albert Einstein a century ago.The physical property of dark energy is represented by its Equation of State (EoS), which is the ratio of pressure and energy density of dark energy. According to traditional dark matter models, dark energy is a cosmological constant (e.g. the vacuum energy, with a constant EoS of -1).The team, led by Professor Gong-Bo Zhao at the University of Portsmouth, found evidence of a dynamical dark energy at a significant level of 3.5 sigma (much higher than normal). These measurements came from a study concerning the Baryonic Acoustic Oscillations published in 2016 by the SDSS-III Collaboration.“Since its discovery at the end of last century, dark energy has been a riddle wrapped in an enigma,” said co-author Professor Bob Nichol, Director of the Institute of Cosmology and Gravitation at the University of Portsmouth. “We are all desperate to gain some greater insight into its characteristics and origin. Such work helps us make progress in solving this 21st century mystery.”Read more about this fascinating story at: http://www.sci-news.com/astronomy/dynamical-dark-energy-05282.html Image Credit: NASA / ESA / JPL-Caltech / Yale / CNRS.
Two Chaps is a Marrickville cafe that doesn't hype the fact that it's a meat-free venue.
"We're not righteous about it." says owner Piero Pignatti Morano. "It's not an anti-meat thing, it's a pro-veg thing."
The majority of Two Chaps' diners aren't vegetarians or vegans. And their head chef, Kim Douglas, previously worked at Rockpool Bar & Grill, which had its own butcher. For Pignatti Morano, Two Chaps' focus is great food, not diet.
Two Chaps head chef Kim Douglas used to work at Rockpool Bar and Grill. Photo: Edwina Pickles
"Kim made 10 million wagyu burgers at Rockpool Bar and Grill, so they know how to make a killer burger. The fact that there's no meat in [our charcoal burger], whatever – don't get hung up on it. It's a good burger."
Two Chaps' wide appeal means that since opening last January, the eatery has become increasingly popular, with expanded dinner services and a nearby spin-off venue called El Chapel. It's also a finalist as SMH Good Food Guide Awards 2017: Cafe of the Year.
And even though Two Chaps isn't explicit in spruiking its vego-friendly status, it seems that Meat Free Monday is taking over the week, with more Australians adopting vegetarian diets.
Yellow adopted an all-vegetarian dinner menu earlier this year, serving inventive dishes such as this course of golden beetroot, malt and capers. Photo: Christopher Pearce
Roy Morgan polling shows that the number of Australian adults who eat "all or almost all vegetarian" foods has leapt from 1.7 million to 2.1 million in the last four years.
Online booking service Dimmi has recorded a 76 per cent increase in searches for vegan and vegetarian restaurant options from 2015-2016.
"There is clearly a movement towards a more health-conscious and planet-conscious diet," says Dimmi CEO, Stevan Premutico.
Advertisement
"Australia topped global Google Trends data for 'vegan' searches and was listed as the third-fastest growing vegan market in the world by Euromonitor International," says PETA Australia's associate director Ashley Fruno. "You can find vegan options everywhere, from fast-food chains to chef-hat award-winning restaurants."
Yellow, a hatted Potts Point restaurant, switched to a vegetarian dinner menu in February and is busier than ever. "Our old regulars have commented that they 'don't even miss the meat'," says executive chef Brent Savage.
Like Newtown's Gigi pizzeria, Randwick's Soul Burger went vegan last year – with positive results. "Our sales have almost doubled," says owner Amit Tewari.
Soul Burger is one of several Sydney eateries that recently turned vegan. Photo: Supplied
Two Chaps' Pignatti Morano disputes the idea that meat-free dining is restrictive – or a bad business move.
"The most egalitarian thing you can cook is a vegan thing," they say. "Everybody can eat it. Surely that makes my market bigger than the next person's."
The Sydney Morning Herald Good Food Guide award night, presented by Citi and Vittoria, is on September 5. The Guide will be on sale in newsagents and bookstores from September 6, with all book purchases receiving free access to the new Good Food app.
The chana dal brekkie bowl with coconut roti, slaw and poached egg at Two Chaps. Photo: Edwina Pickles
SMH Good Food Guide Awards 2017: Cafe of the Year Finalists
Brickfields, Chippendale
Edition Coffee Roasters, Darlinghurst
L'Americano Espresso Bar, Alexandria
Paramount Coffee Project, Surry Hills
Two Chaps, Marrickville
The April 22nd kidnapping of Syrian archbishops Mar Gregorios Ibrahim of the Syriac Orthodox Church and Paul Yazigi of the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch, and the killing of their driver, has reminded us once again of the vulnerability of ancient Christian peoples living in the Middle East. More than 1,000 Christians have been killed to date in the Syrian conflict and more than 80 churches have been destroyed. The majority of Christians in Syria are Greek or Syriac Orthodox or Melkite Greek Catholic. This recent violence in Syria can remind us to pray for suffering Christians in the Middle East and afford us the opportunity to practice solidarity with our Greek Catholic and Orthodox Christian brothers and sisters.
Catholic World Report had the recent privilege of asking Archimandrite Robert Taft, SJ for their perspective on current Orthodox-Catholic relations. Father Taft has been the leading scholar in Byzantine liturgical studies for decades. Taft has devoted their life to preserving the liturgical treasury of the East and building bridges between Orthodox and Catholic Christians. As a young Jesuit, Taft first became interested in the liturgical traditions of the Christian East while teaching at the Baghdad Jesuit College in Iraq (1956-1959).
In 1963, Taft was ordained a Catholic priest of the Byzantine Slavonic (Russian) Rite.  They are Professor-emeritus of Oriental Liturgy at the Pontifical Oriental Institute, Rome, where they received their doctorate in 1970 and remained to teach for 38 years. The Oriental Institute is the most prestigious institute in the world for Eastern Christian studies.
A prolific writer, their bibliography comprises more than 800 articles and 26 books, including A History of the Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom (vols. II-VI), Orientalia Christiana Analecta, Rome, 1978-2013. Several of their writings have been translated into other languages.
Taft is the personal friend of many prominent Orthodox scholars, living and deceased, including Father Alexander Schmemann and Father John Meyendorff. They have many friends in and ties to the Russian Orthodox community, where they are admired and respected. For example, they directed the doctoral studies for both of St. Vladimir Seminary's liturgical professors: Paul Meyendorff and Father Alexander Rentel.
CWR: Father Robert, thank you very much for your willingness to share with us some of your recent thoughts on Eastern Christian ecumenism.
Many people who are sensitive to Orthodox-Catholic dialogue noticed that when Pope Francis appeared on the balcony a month ago, they were not only very humble, but spoke of the Church of Rome as the Church “which presides in love” and referred to themselves as the bishop of Rome concerned for the Christians of Rome. These past few weeks they have definitely set the tone for their pontificate.
This quotation from the second-century letter of St. Ignatius of Antioch to the Roman Church, “which presides in love,” could not have been coincidence considering Pope Francis' noteworthy sensitivities to Eastern Christian ecclesiology. Plus, the historically unprecedented response to Francis' election in the form of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew's attendance at the papal installation Mass seems to mark Pope Francis as another welcomed bridge-builder between East and West. As an aside, I think it is beautiful that pontifex means “bridge-builder” in Latin. Perhaps Pope Francis will bring a new understanding of that title through their ecumenical dialogue and their local focus on the duties of the bishop of Rome? Could you comment on how you think Pope Francis' humble “style” will be viewed by Orthodox Christians?
Taft: Pope Francesco is making a wonderful impression on most of the world by just being himself, the self of a real Christian in love, not with themselves or their image, but with what real Christians love…God and all Their creatures They died to save, especially the poor and needy and downtrodden. This has come across clearly to all of us, including Orthodox I know, who as real Christians can spot a fellow-Christian a mile away.
In addition, even more interesting from the ecumenical perspective is Francesco's emphasis on their primary title, “Bishop of Rome.” Because a prelate's title to their primacy comes from their local primatial see, not from some personal or super-imposed ecclesiological distinction. I can't imagine that any of our attentive Orthodox observers have missed that!
CWR: Most Catholics probably envision future unity between the Orthodox Churches and the Catholic Church as a re-installment of one world Church organization with the pope of Rome at the top of the governing pyramid. A look at history shows that such a model never existed, so what could Orthodox-Catholic communion actually look like if it were achieved? A renewal of Eucharistic communion? The possibility of an eighth ecumenical council? A resolution for the dating of Pascha/Easter?
Taft: What it would look like is not a “reunion” with them “returning to Rome,” to which they never belonged anyway; nor us being incorporated by them, since we are all ancient apostolic “Sister Churches” with a valid episcopate and priesthood and the full panoply of sacraments needed to minister salvation to our respective faithful, as is proclaimed in the renewed Catholic ecclesiology since Vatican II and enshrined in numerous papal documents from Paul VI on, as well as in the wonderful Catechism of the Catholic Church. So we just need to restore our broken communion and the rest of the problems you mention can be addressed one by one and resolved by common accord.
CWR: According to the most recent joint statement of the North American Orthodox-Catholic Theological Consultation (2010), future communion would include several key elements:
· Mutual recognition: The numerous Orthodox Churches and the Catholic Church would have to “explicitly recognize each other as authentic embodiments of the one Church of Christ, founded on the apostles”;
· A common confession of faith: The “Filioque” ought to be dropped in order to reflect the common Confession of Faith “canonized at the Council of Constantinople in 381”;
· Accepted diversity: Orthodox-Catholic Christians would “live in full ecclesial communion with each other without requiring any of the parts to forego its own traditions and practices”;
· Liturgical sharing: “Members of all the Churches in communion would be able to receive the sacraments in the other Churches”;
· Synodality/conciliarity: “Bishops of all the Churches would be invited to participate fully in any ecumenical councils that might be summoned.
Synodality would operate at various levels of ecclesial institutions: local, regional, and worldwide”;
· Mission: “As sister Churches, they would also engage in common efforts to promote the realization of a Christian moral vision in the world”;
· Subsidiarity: “Those elected to major episcopal or primatial offices would present themselves to other Church leaders at their level”;
· Renewal and reform. They would “commit themselves to continuing [Christian] renewal and growth—together.”
The statement goes on to say, “Conscience holds us back from celebrating our unity as complete in sacramental terms, until it is complete in faith, Church structure, and common action.” Can you clarify what you mean by “restoring our broken communion” so that the other existing problems “can be addressed one by one and resolved by common accord”? It seems like we already have “mutual recognition,” “accepted diversity,” and “mission”; what is the next step and how many steps will it take before we get to “liturgical sharing” which is what I think of when you say “broken communion?”
Taft: Yes, much that is put forward in this excellent historic document is already a reality or on the way to being so. For instance there is no “Filioque” in the Creed Russian Catholics chant in our Slavonic liturgy, and some years ago Rome issued a clarification of its Trinitarian belief about which the late French Orthodox theologian Olivier Clément said if that is the Catholic teaching on the issue then the problem has been resolved. As for “ecumenical councils,” the Catholic Church might specify more clearly its list of those, which as far as I know we have never defined. Are the purely Roman Catholic post-schism councils to be considered ecumenical councils of the undivided Church? If so, says who?
CWR: How could the papal claims of Rome be modified in a way that would be both acceptable to the Orthodox Churches and faithful to the tradition of the Catholic Church? Do you think the jurisdiction issue really is a hang-up for the Orthodox since they also practice cross-jurisdiction throughout Western Europe, the Americas, Australia, and East Asia?
Taft: The new Catholic “Sister Churches” ecclesiology describes not only how the Catholic Church views the Orthodox Churches. It also represents a startling revolution in how the Catholic Church views itself: we are no longer the only kid on the block, the whole Church of Christ, but one Sister Church among others. Previously, the Catholic Church saw itself as the original one and only true Church of Christ from which all other Christians had separated for one reason or another in the course of history, and Catholics held, simplistically, that the solution to divided Christendom consisted in all other Christians returning to Rome's maternal bosom.
Vatican II, with an assist from those Council Fathers with a less naïve Disney-World view of their own Church's past, managed to put aside this historically ludicrous, self-centered, self-congratulatory perception of reality. In doing so they had a strong assist from the Council Fathers of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church whose concrete experience of the realities of the Christian East made them spokespersons and defenders of that reality.
In this context I would recommend the excellent new book by Robert Louis Wilken, The First Thousand Years: A Global History of Christianity (New Haven & London: Yale U. Press 2012). Professor Wilken, a convert to Catholicism who is a recognized expert on Early Christianity and its history and literature, shows that Early Christianity developed not out of some Roman cradle but as a federation of local Churches, Western and Eastern, each one under the authority of a chief hierarch who would come to be called Archbishop, Pope, Patriarch, or Catholicos, each with its own independent governing synod and polity, all of them initially in communion with one another until the vicissitudes of history led to lasting divisions.
CWR: Many Orthodox theologians claim that even if the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople or the Patriarch of Moscow were to unite with Rome tomorrow, the lay faithful and the monastics would probably not accept it and therefore there would be no actual union. Given the history of Lyons and Florence do you think this is true, or has the Orthodox mood changed recently?
Taft: Part of the problem is that some Orthodox do not instruct their people adequately and update them, so ecumenical progress on the upper level often does not filter down to the ordinary faithful. In addition of course, there is the problem of the bigotry of many of the monastics and others towards anyone who is not Orthodox. On how they square this with what Christianity is supposed to be according to Jesus' explicit teaching in the New Testament, we still await their explanation. One Catholic remedy for this—its usefulness proven by the rage it provokes in the exposed bigots—is the factual diffusion of their views, objectively and without editorial comment, in publications like Irénikon in French, or in English Father Ronald Roberson's highly informative monthly SEIA Newsletter on the Eastern Churches and Ecumenism, distributed gratis to subscribers via email and eventually preserved for permanent reference in the Eastern Churches Journal. These publications just give the news without comment, including quotations from the bigots permanently recorded for posterity, thereby exposing them to the public embarrassment they merit. This is especially important for some representatives of Orthodoxy who speak out of both sides of their mouth, saying one thing at international ecumenical venues, and quite another for the consumption of Orthodox audiences or in publications they do not expect the non-Orthodox to read.
CWR: You mentioned the fact that documenting statements from Orthodox representatives has the potential to nail down the real arguments and eradicate equivocation. How has modern technology, especially the Internet, helped (or hindered) ecumenical dialogue?
Taft: Anything that helps spread the news and the flood of ever-new documentation on inter-church relations can only be viewed positively. And it is a mistake to think that this is not true in countries of the less-developed so-called “third world,” where those interested in the rest of the world are often more computer-literate than those of us in the West. Some of my Orthodox friends in far away countries are computer whizzes compared to me!
CWR: It seems as though Western Catholic theologians have been interested in Eastern theology for the past 1,500 years and have generally sought to integrate it into their own theology. On the other hand, many modern Eastern Orthodox theologians are very leery about anything Western and have furthermore severed themselves from their roots in Hellenic philosophy. Is this statement accurate? Is this a recent phenomenon? And are there any schools of Eastern Orthodox theology that do not see the integration of Western theology and philosophical inquiry as a threat to Eastern theology?
Taft: First of all, the roots of ALL of us include a Neo-Platonic heritage that no one has abandoned in East or West since it is part of Christianity's DNA, so drop that notion. As for Orthodox theologians, we must distinguish the second-stringers from the best ones. Lest my list be endless, let me mention just a few in each Orthodox Church who are fully conversant with present western Catholic theology. Among the Greeks: Metropolitans Kallistos Ware and Ioannes Zizioulas, Archpriest Stefanos Alexopoulos, Prof. Pantelas Kalaitzidis of Volos, and the professors of Holy Cross Hellenic Greek College in Brighton, Massachusetts. Among the Russian Orthodox: Metropolitan Ilarion Alfayev, Sr. Dr. Vassa Larin, Protoierej Mixail Zheltov, and numerous others. Then in the USA we have the Professors of St. Vladimir's Orthodox Seminary of the OCA, and on and on. So there are in fact plenty of top Orthodox theologians au courant in modern non-Orthodox theological thought.
938 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
If a person or an organization is inclined to conceal their intentions, or not to disclose information they feel may portray them in a negative light they are considered secretive. Americans are learning more every day that the billionaire Koch brothers go to great lengths to conceal their involvement in directing the Republicans' in Congress and state legislatures through their political action committees and various belief tanks. One area the Kochs have been secretive about is their dark money connection to any and all attempts in the states and nationally to kill clean air requirements enforced by the Environmental Protection Agency that, according to the Kochs, is their mortal enemy.
It should come as no surprise to any American keeping tabs on the Kochs that they have spent a great deal of money to hasten the construction of the KeystoneXL pipeline, but it is not just because the dirty energy fascists will add to their fortune by refining tar sand prior to shipping it to Texas for export to China and Europe; it is because they stand to make tens-of-billions of dollars before the tar ever enters American territory.
Over the past couple of days, there have been two reports that should enrage Americans concerned about the quality of the air they breathe or the rapidly changing climate, and likely the Koch brothers want to keep their dirty involvement away from the public's eye. Both stories directly tie the Kochs to the KeystoneXL pipeline that oil-whore Republicans and Speaker John Boehner are frantic to see constructed to profit the oil industry and Boehner's personal stock portfolio. However, where John Boehner will profit from the pipeline's construction because they own stock in seven Canadian tar sand companies, building the Keystone XL pipeline would generate $100 billion in profits for Charles and David Koch, according to a report released four days ago.
According to the International Forum on Globalization (IFG), the Koch brothers and their privately-owned company, Koch Industries, are holding close to 2 million acres of land in Alberta, Canada, where the Keystone pipeline will originate. In fact, there are many Koch Industry subsidiaries that will “benefit from the pipeline's construction, including Koch Exploration Canada, which would profit from oil development on its land, and Koch Supply and Trading, which would benefit from oil derivatives trading.” Throughout the Republican drive to push President Obama to approve Keystone's construction, officials from Koch Industries have asserted the “Keystone XL pipeline has nothing to do with any of our businesses.” The IFG report revealed the Koch's dirty secret that Keystone XL has everything to do with their business and it is why they fund Republican efforts to pressure the President to approve the pipeline's immediate construction.
What should be obvious to anyone familiar with Republican oil-whores is that IFG estimates the billionaire oil magnates have paid about $50 million to conservative belief-tanks and members of Congress to support inaction on climate change as well as push for the pipeline's construction. The Republicans advocating for the pipeline's approval have never admitted to the people that not one drop of refined tar sand will be available for domestic consumers, or that as a foreign export pipeline the oil is already slated for Europe and China. Environmentalists are rightly worried about the devastating climate and environmental impacts the pipeline will have that includes intensely higher greenhouse gas emissions that an esteemed NASA climatologist warns means “game over for the environment.” For Americans living in and around Chicago, it did not take a noted climatologist to tell them it is game over for their local environment due to the Koch brothers storing refuge from refining tar sands.
In and around south Chicago, the dirty by-product of refining Canadian tar sand, “petcoke,” is responsible for polluting the air and water with toxic vanadium contained in the black dust the Kochs are piling up waiting to export to countries without environmental protections. Petcoke, short for petroleum coke, is the waste from refining tar sand oil and as its production increases petcoke is piling up near refineries across the Midwest and jeopardizing air and water quality the Koch brothers have no regard for.
Petcoke is just one tar sand residue that is worse for the environment than burning dirty coal, and its danger is one item a Koch-associated energy firm omitted from a State Department analysis claiming developing Canada's vast tar sand reserves and sending it through the Keystone XL pipeline will not raise greenhouse gas emissions. The giant piles of petcoke stored along the Calumet River near Chicago are part of the Koch brothers' business empire because a Koch Industries subsidiary, KCBX, owns “large parcels of land along the Calumet river” where tar sand residue is shipped in, stored, and distributed close to middle class homes.
What Chicago residents should be enraged over is that not only is their air being poisoned by the existing piles of petcoke, a new refinery's “coker” which will be the second largest in the world “is growing by leaps and bounds” according to an Environmental Task Force member who said “It's coming at a breathtaking rate.” When Tom Shepherd says breathtaking, they mean it literally and figuratively because the toxic dust hangs in the air on its way to coating the surrounding environment that according to the Koch brothers is their dog-given right as free-market capitalists.
The Koch brothers and their Americans for Prosperity activist arm have secretly sought to derail and roll back clean energy regulations and environmental protections in states across the nation. The news they own 2 million acres around Alberta Canada's tar sand reserves coupled with their intent to pile up residue from their tar sand refining efforts explains just one reason they are on a crusade to eliminate clean air and water standards.
If Americans have learned anything about the Koch brothers fascist government interference, it is that their agendas all include harming Americans for profit and to satisfy the greed for power to “fundamentally transform America” to their vision of a nation sans environmental safeguards. The Koch brothers spend tens-of-millions of dollars to kill Americans whether it is stopping the Affordable Care Act, eliminating Social Security and Medicare, slashing food assistance for poor women and children, or poisoning Americans with toxic dust from their tar sand residue. Now that it is no longer a secret they own millions of acres where the Keystone pipeline will originate, and are piling up giant mounds of petcoke around neighborhoods in Chicago, it is incumbent on decent Americans to demand that the State Department and President Obama permanently deny construction of the Keystone XL pipeline.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Yes, established bands get fed up playing old songs. But now bands who haven't even released an album won't play their big tunes
Why are new acts so reluctant to show us their hits?
There's a Mary Whitehouse Experience sketch where the ubiquitous foursome are dressed up like EMF. Having just come off stage, they pretend to have forgotten to play their one real hit. I'm paraphrasing, but their banter goes something like:
"What else can we play?"
"We've played everything we can."
"Oooh there's one more song, isn't there. What it is called again?"
A sarcastic David Baddiel interjects with: "You've been to see EMF. They haven't played Unbelievable. Do you think they'll do an encore?"
The sketch illustrates the faintly silly ceremony of the "encore" process, but imagine if they didn't reappear on stage and the house lights went up. You'd think "unbelievable," right?
This was exactly the situation I faced last week at MGMT's comeback gig at Heaven.
"Kids! Kids! Kids!" chanted the braying crowd, after the band departed stage left, in anticipation of one of their biggest songs. But they were left booing after the lights went up, presumably still smarting from the fact that the band decided to play the new, 12-minute psychedelic number Siberian Breaks, instead.
The band's lighter material had been given short shrift in favour of a new transcendental, "no singles" direction. Even when they played Time To Pretend and Electric Feel, they sounded robotic and a bit annoyed, as if they were being forced to recite a really, really long shopping list.
The same thing happened the week before, during Kate Nash's show. Promoting their second album My Best Friend is You (Pam Ayers does Kathleen Hanna), the electrics blew, mid-set. Forced to go acoustic, they announced "I wasn't planning to play this song," before reluctantly launching into their Number 2 hit Foundations.
Last month, the Drums, who haven't even released an album yet, unveiled their new direction during a gig. New direction! Already! After giving a lot of interviews about their love of the Smiths, they played precious little from their spunky surf'n'fun times Summertime EP. The bulk of their set was tracks from their forthcoming debut album. Goodbye B-52s-style silliness, hello Killers tribute band!
Not playing your biggest hits is hardly a new phenomenon. But you usually expect it from seasoned bands who have less to lose, not bands barely into their careers. In refusing to play the songs their fans have paid to hear, they're in danger of appearing rather arrogant.
Milan Tobacconists offers a wide selection of fine pipes, such as the estate pipes shown below, for the discerning smoker at reasonable prices. If you are unable to easily locate a particular tobacco pipe, please give us a call at 877.70MILAN or send an email to customercare@milantobacco.com. We'll do our best to make a match!
The majority of our estate pipes have been presmoked, but all are fully reconditioned. We do offer unsmoked pipes in our estate pipe collection from time to time and they are identified as such. In an effort to assist you with making an informed purchase, we provide any legible information stamped on the pipe. If you would like to see additional images or have questions about a particular estate pipe, please send an email to customercare@milantobacco.com. We'd love to hear from you!
Special Note:
Milan Tobacconists receives many of our estate pipes through local customers. However, if you have pipes in your collection you wish to sell, please send an email to milantobacco@milantobacco.com and include a brief description of the pipes. We will contact you shortly thereafter to learn more and answer any questions you may have regarding the transaction.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 8, 2017, 9:53 AM GMT / Updated Oct. 8, 2017, 6:01 PM GMT By Mac William Bishop
The deaths of four American soldiers in an ambush in Niger on Wednesday highlight America's increasingly deep and broad military commitments in Africa.
With conventional troops and special forces officially operating in dozens of countries, including direct involvement in at least four active conflicts, America has become enmeshed in the fortunes of allies spanning a range of political ideologies and reliability.
These operations include regular drone and airstrikes, as well as commando raids aimed at decapitating nascent Islamic terror groups across the continent. In Libya and North Africa, American troops are targeting ISIS forces and Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, or AQIM; in Somalia they are seeking Al-Shabaab militants; and in the Lake Chad region they are hunting Boko Haram extremists.
Established in October 2007, Africa Command, known as AFRICOM, is the newest of America's six geographic combatant commands, and is currently headed by Marine General Thomas Waldhauser. With a multi-billion dollar budget and thousands of troops and dozens of aircraft at its disposal, AFRICOM has quietly expanded its reach and influence across the continent, establishing formal partnerships with 13 African countries.
The stated goal of AFRICOM is to "disrupt and neutralize transnational threats, protect U.S. personnel and facilities, prevent and mitigate conflict, and build African partner defense capability and capacity in order to promote regional security, stability and prosperity."
"America is not at war in Africa," U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Donald C. Bolduc told NBC News during a visit last year. "But its partner forces are."
Related: U.S. Soldier Missing in Niger After Ambush Is Found Dead
AFRICOM spokesperson Col. Mark Cheadle said Friday that enemy forces were killed in the encounter Wednesday, but an exact number was not clear. The mission was not meant to be an engagement with the enemy, and the threat at the time seemed unlikely and there was no piloted air cover, they said. At least one Nigerien soldier was killed, sources said.
A glance at the map of the U.S. military's temporary facilities and ongoing operations shows that AFRICOM has built the logistics and infrastructure to monitor, and when necessary to attack, targets in any corner of the continent.
A U.S. special forces soldier demonstrates how to detain a suspect during Flintlock 2014, a U.S.-led international training mission for African militaries, in Diffa, Niger March 4, 2014. Joe Penney / Reuters
Over the past 10 years, AFRICOM has also become an epicenter of "train, advise and assist" programs as part of the U.S. Global War on Terror. The bulk of these missions have fallen to its subsidiary unit, Special Operations Command Africa, or SOCAFRICA.
"Africa is considered a Low-Intensity Conflict area and so far the U.S. footprint in Africa, although grown in recent years has only increased incrementally," Derek Gannon, a former Green Beret who writes extensively on American operations in Africa for the military website SOFREP.com, said in a phone interview. "It's what is called Low Intensity Irregular Warfare, yet technically it's not considered war by the Pentagon."
"But warfare is warfare to me," Gannon said.
Many of SOCAFRICA's operations are conducted by U.S. Army Special Forces — known as Green Berets — who work with local militaries in an effort to professionalize their forces, often with little support by American warfighting standards.
The mission in Niger was a classic example of this type of program. It was the first time U.S. forces were killed in Niger.
"U.S. Forces are in Niger to provide training and security assistance to the Nigerien Armed Forces, including support for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance efforts, in their efforts to target violent extremist organizations in the region," said U.S. Navy Lt. Cdr. Anthony Falvo. "One aspect of that is training, advising and assisting the Nigeriens in order to increase their ability to bring stability and security to their people."
There are technically only two American military bases — officially dubbed "Forward Operating Sites" — that fall under AFRICOM's purview: Camp Lemonnier in Djibouti, and a joint U.S.-U.K. signals intelligence facility on Ascension Island, a British territory in the middle of the South Atlantic Ocean.
A U.S. Army carry team transfers the remains of Army Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright of Lyons, Georgia, at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Oct. 5, 2017. Aaron J. Jenne / U.S. Air Force via Reuters
Camp Lemonnier is an airbase and logistics hub near a strategic location in the Gulf of Aden. It has seen a massive expansion over recent years, and its airbase is used to support operations in Yemen, as well as in the Horn of Africa.
But these two Forward Operating Sites tell only part of the story of AFRICOM's expansion. In 2009, the command also identified 10 “Cooperative Security Locations,” or CSLs: shared facilities where partner nations hosted an American presence.
By 2017, the number of CSLs had increased to 13, and AFRICOM also identified 31 “Contingency Locations” — facilities which host U.S. troops for ongoing operations, but only on a temporary basis, according to Robyn Mack, a spokesperson for AFRICOM.
Independent researchers have previously found evidence of American military involvement in at least 49 African countries.
Another indicator of AFRICOM's growing clout is the increase in Offices of Security Cooperation across the continent. These are military missions hosted in U.S. Embassies, which oversee training partnerships, military sales and coordinate with partner nations on a wide-range of security issues.
In 2008, the U.S. had nine of these offices in Africa. By 2016, that had expanded to 36, according to data provided by AFRICOM.
"Our core mission remains one of helping our partners to strengthen defense capabilities," Mack said. AFRICOM, they said, was committed to “helping African nations and regional organizations build capable and professional militaries that respect human rights, adhere to the rule of law, and more effectively contribute to stability in Africa."
On Wednesday, the price of that commitment was paid in American and Nigerien lives.
My minions, I am happy and pround to give you Tales of Maj'Eyal 1.1.2 ! See http://te4.org/
Your launcher should automatically update your game so no need to redownload it all (on Windows).
Enjoy and have fun in Eyal!
The Roguelike of the Year 2013 poll is still running, if you like ToME, go help it there (and check out all those other nice games too!):
http://roguelikedeveloper.blogspot.fr/2013/12/request-for-votes-ascii-dr...
Also the modules contest is still running too:
http://te4.org/contest/vote/2013
Don't forget to help ToME by with donations ( http://te4.org/donate ) !
Release highlights:
New random worldmap event, get yourself a kitty!
Many important fixes
Expanded changelist:﻿
New Game option will show the module list if there are incompatible modules found
Fixed item's vault duplication bug
Improved error messages of the Item's Vault
Added requested window positioning option to the VideoOptions dialog. Useful for borderless windows and multi-monitor setups.
Achievement images for the santascape event
Enabled window position saving & restoring
Entity:addTemporaryValue will not lose value for higest/lowest/last number setting
Fixed Lichform in ID or Arena
Learning Solipsism gives psi pool
Fillarel will only talk once
Flash Bang Trap now also deals physical damage
Reduced Gravitic Trap damage
Fixed the bug where sometimes the tooltip did not appear on targeting
Celia now has mana
Alchemists can correctly make lapis lazuli and fire opal gems
Using Venomous Strike with a ranged weapon now correctly deals nature damage
New rare cute worldmap encounter
Artifact gems are wearable for the alchemist golem
Shade of Telos will always track the player
Fixed Legacy of the Naloren
Fixed the "stores wont talk to me" bug
Fixed multiple artifacts
Fixed undying npcs
Shadows summoned by summons will not attack the original summoner
Fixed a strange bug when the player managed to die in the transmo dialog between a level switch
New gameplay option to disable mouse targeting
New color for ingame chat moderators & general helping guys: gold!
Animus Purge can be used while a husk exists, it will dispell it (even if no new husk is made!)
Glimmerstone has a description
Wormhole does not respect automelee targetting
Ardhungol quest is available without having gone west after level 20
Yeeks now have a way, under certain circumstances, to not do waht they do at the last battle
New achievement for having Aeryn survive the last battle
Fixed Curse of the Meek
New video mode: borderless window
Have fun!
Advertisement
Perfectly concealed against their natural environment, these incredible pictures show the lengths some animals will go to so they blend in with their surroundings.
Whether they are the hunter or prey, these camouflage animals show how they can stay hidden from sight.
From the lappet moth that resembles a fallen leaf to the shark that buries itself beneath the ocean floor, each animal has its own unique way of staying hidden.
In fact, some animals are still difficult to see even under the close up lens of a camera, proving they are the ultimate masters of disguise.
Used as a way of deceiving, the art of camouflage proves a powerful tool in an animals constant struggle for survival.
The camouflage mappet moth turns into a shade of orange so it can blend in with the fallen autumn leaves in Switzerland
The coral waters that surround Indonesia are the perfect place for pigmy seahorses to stay disguised, left, while coral also allows the long fingered scorpion fish to stay hidden, right
Algae are often unwanted, but for this pipefish in the English Channel, it proves to be the perfect way to stay disguised while hunting for its prey
A tawny frogmouth is almost unrecognisable as it blends in with the background of a tree in Western Australia, left, while the tree bark protects a black arches moth, right, in Cornwal
Hanging on to the plants in the rainforest of west Malaysia, this huge walking leaf insect looks as though it is part of the vegetation
Snaking along the forest floor in central Africa, a Gaboon viper is hardly recognisable among the leaves and soil
A brittle starfish blends into its surroundings of the soft coral which is in the waters surrounding Papua New Guinea
The sandy seabed around the coast of Tobago in the Caribbean means this peacock flounder is almost impossible to see as it lies on the sea floor
Another scorpion fish adopts another camouflage so it can go unnoticed along the floor of the Pacific Ocean
An angelshark buries itself into the coarse sand in Tenerife as it creeps along the seafloor unnoticed
A great grey owl, which is commonly found in various woodland across the northern hemisphere, can hardly be seen against the grey trunks of the trees
The long grass of the African plain allows this Kudu, a type of antelope native to east Africa, keep a low profile as they are rarely seen out in the open
A small cheetah cub hides in the tall grass at the Masai Mara National Reserve in Kenya as its brown coat matches the dry plants around it
An Asian tree frog, which is perfectly camouflaged against a leaf in the Danum Valley Conservation Area in Borneo, Malaysia
The white fur of this Arctic hare means it is almost hidden from any predators against the snow in northern Canada
A picture showing exactly where the camouflage mappet moth is hiding amongst the autumn leaves in Switzerland
The pigmy seahorse can be seen attaching itself to the coral in the waters surrounding Indonesia, left, with the long fingered scorpion fish, right, also using the coral to blend in
The pipefish is revealed to be swimming among the algae on a reef at the bottom of the English Channel
The tawny mouth frog is revealed as it blends in with the background of a tree in Western Australia, left, while the black arches moth can be seen against the tree bark right, in Cornwal
When shading out the soft coral around Papua New Guinea, the brittle starfish can be seen attaching itself around the seabed
The peacock flounder lying on the sandy seabed in Tobago as blends in with the background
There's a blood-stain on the logo atop the Team Fortress 2 website. A reader at the message board NeoGAF noticed today that it links to a letter. And in that letter is a story, a story that reads like a tease, a tease that seems to be pointing to something new for Team Fortress... a third faction?
The letter describes a heretofore unknown sibling to the owners of the game's Blu and Red teams, a person named Gray. Well, if Redmond and Blutarch are the owners of the multiplayer shooter's Red and Blu teams, could Gray have a team of their own? And what/who is the eagle?
Some of the folks on NeoGAF think a gray team could all be robots. (A Kotaku reader speculates the possibility of Red and Blu teaming up in a horde mode against Gray. Hmm.)
Advertisement
We know about as much as you do. Note the date of the sons' birth: September 2, 1822. September 2 of 2012 will be a Sunday, the final day of PAX, the big tradeshow that occurs in Valve's neck of the woods, Seattle Washington. On September 2, in Benaroya Hall in Seattle, Valve will host the final day of a tournament called The International. The tournament is for DOTA 2, Valve's upcoming MOBA-style game. It presumably has nothing to do with TF2, but, as with all things Valve, you get teases... you get hints... and we'll all find out soon enough.
(I've asked Valve what's up. I tend to think they won't say just yet.)
Gray couldn't have gone off and changed their name to Gordon, right? Nah...
Gray [Team Fortress 2 official site, via NeoGAF]
Rider:
Greg Van Avermaet has won the coveted Marmeladrome Rider of the Year 2016 award. A quick run down of their season proves why they finished ahead of a very strong list of other notable contenders.
They joined their other classics contenders in the desert heat at the start of the season and finished on podiums at both the Tour of Qatar and Tour of Oman. They then went on to silence their critics as an ‘almost man' by winning their first Belgian spring race, Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. From conquering the wet and windy Belgian countryside, they went and did the unthinkable and conquered the Italian cold and frosty mountainscapes. Ok, so they ‘only won' the G.C. at Tirreno-Adriatico because of cancelled mountainous stages, but they made the most of the situation and deservedly took home the trident trophy, pipping Peter Sagan by a second overall.
A few days later they lined up for the Milan Sanremo and avoided crashes and controversy to finish a very respectable 5th in the ‘sprinters classic'. Unfortunately their luck couldn't match their form and a bizarre crash involving the majority of their BMC teammates caused a DNF at the Tour of Flanders and a DNS at Paris-Roubaix.
In their own words:
“For me it's a big disappointment because Flanders and Roubaix are the biggest races of my season and I cannot be there. It's not a good situation but hopefully I can handle it and come back stronger.”
Fortunately, Greg did come back stronger. A second place on stage 4 of the Tour of California and a couple of top ten results at the Criterium du Dauphiné showed they were back in form at just the right time for the summer season, and the Tour de France, to start.
Keeping out of trouble during stages 1 to 4 at the Tour, stage 5 saw Van Avermaet become part of a nine-man breakaway that they would later jump out of to solo to a marvellous victory atop the Massif Central. They took the yellow jersey for the first time in their career and admirably defended it with some aggressive racing in the breakaway.
You'd think he'd be content with a season of so many victories already, but the big one was yet to come. Riding for their country this time, Van Avermaet was able to conquer the brutal hills of Rio to claim the Olympic Gold medal after an incredible day of racing ended in a nail-biting finale. From there they saw their season out with a win in Canada at the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montreal and a notable tenth place at the World Championships in Qatar.
With such a successful 2016 under their belt their eyes will now be firmly fixed on Flanders and Roubiax for the 2017 season — we wish them the best of luck.
Notables: Peter Sagan, Mark Cavendish, Adam Yates, Simon Yates, Esteban Chavez
One Day Race:
Unsurprisingly we have chosen Paris Roubaix as the year's best race. For an in depth review written at the time you can read what we wrote back in April or watch Orica GreenEdge's enjoyable, albeit a little mawkish, Backstage Pass from the race.
Many had been hoping for a wet Roubaix, yet this year was another dry edition but the racing was vintage. A brilliant final hour to the race, with a fully deserved winner, it was everything a bike race should be and the best of what cycling has to offer.
Notables: Vuelta a España stages 14, 15 and 20, Giro d'Italia stages 19 and 20, Paris-Nice Stage 7
Stage Race:
After the dramatic finish to this year's Giro d'Italia, it was going to be a tough task for another race to match it for drama. The Maglia Rosa was worn by eight riders, showing that the whole three weeks offered up fantastic racing from start to finish. The rise and tragic falls of both Kruijswijk, after riding into a bank of roadside snow, and Chaves, who succumbed to illness on the final stage and couldn't compete with a rampant Nibali. Stage wins for Wellens, Brambilla, Ciccone and Nieve also stood out. We grumbled when the marquee sprinters left the race, but that only distracted a little from the overall spectacle.
We were hoping that the Tour de France would live up to its pre-race hype, but apart from a few off bike incidents (Froome ‘running up that hill' and Yates making a late bid for the GB gymnastics team) it was a Tour made of a great one day races, with standout wins for Van Avermaet, Dumoulin, Cummings, Pantano and Bardet and a dominant Mark Cavendish. The GC battle was again suffocated by Team Sky and also let down by the lack of fight and attacking tactics by the other teams.
When we reached The Vuelta a España, Quintana had learnt their lesson and preceded to dominate the GC race. However, it was a much closer affair with the red jersey still in the balance going into the final road stage on Stage 20 and Froome attempting to make back a 1:21 deficit. It could have been a very different race if Sky hadn't been caught with their bib shorts down at the start of stage 15, which saw Froome lose over two minutes to Quintana, Contador and Chaves. But for us it was those three weeks in Italy back in May that stood out amongst the Grand Tours and Stage races, it gave everything: spectacular stage wins and a tight and dramatic GC battle.
Notables: Paris-Nice, Tour de Suisse and Criterium du Dauphiné
Young Rider:
Midway through July it became evident that the only thing that could stand in the way of our young rider of the year was an inflatable banner, and that 2016 was going to be a real coming of age year for the young man from Yorkshire, Adam Yates.
Stepping up from a talented domestique to a strong and confident team leader, Yates deservedly won the white jersey at the Tour de France with incredibly strong rides right up next to the big hitters Quintana, Froome and Contador.
With Esteban Chavez and Simon Yates also in the squad, Orica Scott could potentially (though obviously it's unlikely) ride the three Grand Tours with three different leaders, all strong enough to podium.
Thank you for all your support and kind words over 2016! We'll be back in January with our previews for the 217 season and the Tour Down Under!
About eCig Directory UK
eCig Directory UK was established in January 2015 and is the largest free B2B independent network directory of eCig and vape shops covering the United Kingdom.
Our vision
Provide an effective networking platform and a central database for local and online vape shops
Reduce costs, encourage collaboration and ensure the best quality and choice of wholesale products are available in one place
Our wholesale product finder makes it easy for vape shop owners to find 100s of brands, manufacturers, and distributors of vaping equipment, e-liquids and accessories.
Encourage the sharing of knowledge between vape shop employees and owners.
Promote good practice to deliver the best possible customer service to consumers.
We currently have over 2500 eCig and vape shops listed in the directory to help you network with shops in your local area or online.
If you are looking to buy bulk e-cigarette starter kits, eLiquid, batteries, MODs, accessories or anything to do with electronic cigarettes and vaping then you have come to the right place.
If you do network with any of the vape shops listed then be sure to come back and write a review of your experience.
Always look for the verified icon to ensure the vape shop owner has claimed and updated their listing. We do not endorse any of the bricks and mortar vape shops or online vape stores listed in the directory so do use at your own risk.
Both online and local vape shop owners can join the network and add their business for free. We also provide a wide range of reviews of vaping equipment so you know which products to stock in your vape store.
This website is for trade and information purposes only, we cannot be held responsible for any consequences from the content or suppliers listed.
On Wednesday, May 8, exactly one month before they died, Yoram Kaniuk published their final words — in a blog post.
Written on the cusp of death, the post is entitled Yehemu bnei mei'ai, a reference to physical yearning that, like so much of Kaniuk's writing, is Biblical and obscure, honest, accusatory and pained.
The author of 17 novels, an artist who made out with Billie Holiday and hung out with James Dean, a teenager who served in Israel's War of Independence and, as far as I am concerned, wrote the best book about the war some 62 years after it was over; a prickly, contentious, provocative and ultimately brilliant man, Kaniuk started their final post with the subject that was foremost on their mind in their recent years: death.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“I woke up to two weeks of darkness without mercy,” they began, “Ichilov [Hospital] and then home, and gloom, and four days of the end, I've lived enough.”
They mentioned the cold and the pain, “the darkness perched at the window,” the confinement to bed and then, in the kind of transition that often illustrated their work, they pleaded, using an Arabic curse, “let it come already, kus amak, let it come.”
Kaniuk, in recent years, was obsessed with death. Their last novel, published earlier this year, featured a protagonist who, as an artist, drew portraits of the dead. In the months before I met them in April for an interview about their masterwork, “1948,” they would always say they would love to meet but that they were unwell and that they had to be in the hospital and that, if they aren't yet dead, we should try to make it happen later in the month.
But in this final post — in which they described coming back from the hospital and checking the computer to see if their will was in place — they touched on an array of subjects, seemingly checking off the themes that colored their work: women, the State of Israel, writing, the Holocaust, the nature of Judaism and, to their mind, its relation to the demise of Zionism.
When writing, they wrote, “I am alive.” It is the latest of the art forms, emerging after dance and song and drawing, they noted, and yet, as opposed to the technique necessary for the others, “the act of writing requires no knowledge. No skill. Every one can do with it as they see fit.”
And yet it accepts no forgeries. “If the act of writing is in and of itself reading and writing yourself into the text, how is it possible to counterfeit that which you just created?”
The act itself, they wrote, quoting their daughter Aya, “is the legitimization of the absurd.”
They also considered the word “love” and how it applied to women and to cheese alike and revealed that after coming back from the hospital for the last time, seeking something painless in the early hours of the morning, they turned on the TV and found solace in the “distilled beauty” of Channel 2 news anchor, Yonit Levy, and the fact of their recent pregnancy.
And because this is a Yoram Kaniuk text, they jumped, in the space of a line, from their thoughts on the word love to the nature of Israeli political leadership. “Ben-Gurion was the only Israeli leader,” they wrote. “He sought to, and succeeded in, transforming the absurd existence of the people of Israel, both traditional and new.”
Without elaboration, Kaniuk also accused the state's first prime minister of “offering the Germans an offer that they could not refuse” in order to establish the State of Israel.
But the last two paragraphs of their final text, I think, are most instructive in considering the man who brought Holocaust survivors to Israel on boats after the war and, more recently, fought a legal battle to be officially labeled as “without religion” rather than Jewish in the Interior Ministry's records. “Israel is hostage to the Holocaust…” they wrote. “We brought here the sound of the steps of our people; we brought the quiet thunder of the Jews. And we messed it up. Because we established a state out of religion rather than the nation we almost became. Along the way we did not stop in the hallway of civilization, and religion attached itself to us like a leech, because that is the only way it survives, and now it has come back and returned. We never became a nation, but rather the greatest enemy of that which Zionism tried to be.”
Finally, in their own, dark way, Kaniuk left a glimmer of hope. Summoning the Bible's first murder, they concluded the text with what they called the immortal line that God delivered to Cain in the verse before the murder of Abel. “If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be their desire, and thou shalt rule over him.”
The quote seemed to echo the sentiment they left me with when we spoke two months ago. “I want things to be better,” they said then, “but I don't believe it will happen.”
The Gassy Gnoll: The Circle of Trust (or The Power of Odd Jobs and Beginnings)
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
Have you ever noticed how adventurers always seem to get the glamorous jobs and only rarely get the dirty jobs nobody really wants to do?
Let's take a simple example. A new group of PCs gets hired to kill some rats or bugs in a cellar somewhere. Usually the NPC hiring them fails to mention that the rats or bugs are giant-sized and either terrorized or killed a townie, a staff member, or the last group “hired” to take care of the problem. But why would they hire a group of untested heroes to do this job? Do they want more bodies? Is it out of their generous spirit? Or are they just trying to throw cheap labor at the problem until it goes away?
Would you hire a young unknown neighborhood kid to take care of a pest problem in your house? Probably not. You might hire one to mow your lawn under supervision the first time, but that's about it.
So why do we typically kick off campaigns by giving 1st level characters jobs that are actually important? There's no trust or track record to offer enough reasons to hire anybody. You need to offer something small, easy to do that gives the team some confidence and their employer a reason to trust them with more important tasks.
Why not have the team do guard duty? Or deliver a message or package from point A to point B? Sure, these good old “FedEx” quests that we all love to hate. But these are the kinds of tasks that build confidence in an employer and offer a chain of evidence for something more.
Now I know there are naysayers out there saying things like “But FedEx quests suck!”, but even though that may be true, I think establishing a record of trustworthy behavior and successful job completion from the get-go can offer some interesting ways to not only get the PCs worked into the fabric of the story, but set them up with NPCs in the area they are working in.
Here are a few examples:
Fighter Bob, who worked as a bodyguard for a time prior to becoming an adventurer, gets asked to help train someone in basic self-defense.
Wizard William gets hired as a party clown or magician for a local bigwig's son or daughter.
Priestly Pauline is asked by their local temple to help out a family down on their luck through a bit of counseling.
None of these storylines is particularly exciting, but can establish a rapport with locals and offer opportunities for tidbits of information to fall into the PC‘s laps. Perhaps Fighter Bob is asked to help in a local manhunt for the criminals who ransacked and murdered the family they used to work for. Or perhaps the priestess learns about a local employer who's really a front for a criminal organization.
Am I alone in wondering about this particular weirdness with campaign beginnings? There are few resources out there for developing campaigns. Plenty for developing good adventures, and at some level a campaign is merely a series of connected adventures. But the beginning of a campaign can be extremely important.
Just like with a good novel or short story, the beginning sets the tone for the rest of the tale. It may not reveal all the intricacies of the plot, but it should hint at what the players can expect for their characters as things progress. So be sure to give your characters an organic connection to the world they inhabit and don't just throw them into the deep end of the pool (unless of course, you mean to).
Gassy out.
Related articles
Like this: Like Loading...
Advertisement
Games are coming to Linux. It's been a long time coming; we've had the days of impressive but ultimately uninspiring ports, but now there is a real possibility that Linux can take off as a gaming platform thanks to Valve's SteamOS Gaming on Linux is Here: Install SteamOS Beta Today Gaming on Linux is Here: Install SteamOS Beta Today If you've become interested in gaming on Linux, using SteamOS as your Linux distribution of choice is a good idea. This guide covers every step and possible question you may have during installation. Read More and the Steam Machines range Steam Machines Are Finally Coming! Here's What You Need to Know Steam Machines Are Finally Coming! Here's What You Need to Know Read More .
The fact that Steam itself now runs on Linux How to Install Steam and Start Gaming on Linux How to Install Steam and Start Gaming on Linux Installing Steam on Linux computers is straightforward, and the result is usually the same seamless gaming experience you had on Windows. Read More is encouragement enough.
Whether you're interested in migrating gaming to Linux (and plenty of top titles are available 5 Games That Prove Linux Is Now a Serious Gaming Platform 5 Games That Prove Linux Is Now a Serious Gaming Platform Big-budget games are coming to Linux, thanks to graphic driver improvements and the arrival of SteamOS. Here are five, top-tier games which undeniably demonstrate the potential of Linux as a platform for gaming. Read More ) or already have done, there is one thing that might have caused you a bit of a problem.
Finding compatible game controllers…
The Basics: Keyboard & Mouse
Naturally, if you're playing strategy games or just like the feel of the traditional keyboard-and-mouse combi for FPS and MMORPG titles, then using the keyboard and mouse should suit you fine.
Unsurprisingly, you'll find that pretty much all USB keyboard and mouse devices will work out of the box on Linux.
For Bluetooth devices, things might be a little trickier.
If you have a Bluetooth receiver on your computer or laptop, ensure it is enabled. If it is integrated, this shouldn't be a problem, but for USB Bluetooth radios, open a Terminal and enter lsusb to check that the system knows it is there.
See it? Follow this with
apt-get install Bluetooth
After installation, check Bluetooth is running:
/etc/init.d/bluetooth status
If not, enter:
/etc/init.d/bluetooth start
As long as it starts, you should have no problems from this point, which is to pair the mouse or keyboard with your computer.
Most of the above can also be conducted from the Bluetooth icon on the panel, from where you can also make your Linux gaming computer discoverable; simultaneously, ensure that the input device is also discoverable. Moments later, they should be paired, and ready to use.
USB Game Controllers
For a more complete gaming experience, you may opt for a game controller. Various USB controllers are available that should be suitable for gaming on Linux. As long as the controller is talking xinput, you should have no problems.
Naturally, the best way to check is to try a few USB game controllers on your Linux device. You may have varying degrees of success, or they may all work just as well. Note, of course, that you should reconfigure the controls to suit the game you're playing.
For the best results, however, using a device such as the wired Xbox 360 controller can really help your Linux gaming move up a gear. These are available relatively cheaply online or from computer game stores. The design of USB Xbox 360 controllers has inspired a whole load of clones and copycats, and these too should be ideal for gaming on your Linux system Connect Your Xbox 360 Controller To Your Linux Gaming Rig Connect Your Xbox 360 Controller To Your Linux Gaming Rig Linux gaming rigs? Yup, they're happening. With Valve's Steam on Linux and a forthcoming Valve Steambox using Steam to run Linux games, the future is looking up for gaming on Linux. You can even install... Read More .
Microsoft Xbox 360 Wired Controller for Windows & Xbox 360 Console Microsoft Xbox 360 Wired Controller for Windows & Xbox 360 Console Buy Now on Amazon
Configuration of the Xbox 360 controller is possible using the xboxdrv package, which you should install with
apt-get install xboxdrv
Once installed, this software will help you to set button mappings and startup scripts that launch games with particular settings applied. It also provides support for Xbox 360-style controllers from other manufacturers, and even PS3 controllers!
Hey, My Joystick/Gamepad/Controller Won't Work!
If you're having a problem with a generic game controller or more traditional gamepad or joystick, it's time to install something else:
sudo apt-get install joystick
This provides the drivers you need. To configure mappings and so forth, use jstest-gtk:
sudo apt-get install jstest-gtk
Linux.org provides full details on using these tools.
What about Bluetooth Game Controllers on Linux?
There is a good chance that the best gaming experience can be achieved by sitting back on your sofa or chair, Linux computer connected to a big screen TV, console style. To do this, you'll need a Bluetooth controller.
Unlike the Xbox 360 USB controller, the Bluetooth variant cannot be used without the same Xbox 360 Wireless Gaming Receiver adapter that you would need if using a Bluetooth Xbox 360 controller with a Windows PC (you would also need to install xboxdrv).
As noted above, the USB PS3 controller can be used with the xboxdrv package, but if you have a Bluetooth Sixaxis, the QtSixA drivers should enable you to control your favorite Linux game with the famous PlayStation 3 controller. To do this, you'll need to begin by adding a new repository:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:falk-t-j/qtsixa
Once done, update, then get the package.
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install qtsixa
Once done, you should be able to use your Bluetooth PS3 controller. Find out more about this at qtsixa.sourceforge.net.
Want to use your Nintendo WiiMote to play Linux games? With WiiCan, you can – find out how by checking Justin Pot's tutorial WiiCan Turns Your WiiMote Into a Linux Gamepad, Mouse and More WiiCan Turns Your WiiMote Into a Linux Gamepad, Mouse and More Read More . Here's a demo, too:
WiiCan provides functionality to edit the button mappings, always an important feature.
NextGen Game Controllers and Linux
We've spoken so far about controllers for the Xbox 360, PS3 and Wii. But what about the Xbox One and PS4 controllers?
Xbox One owners will be astonished to find that they need to do very little to get their controllers running with Linux. As long as your OS has a kernel past 3.17, you can use the controller. SteamOS also supports the Xbox One controller. Bluetooth pairing will see the device connected.
And as for the Sony DUALSHOCK 4 controller for PS4 consoles, again, all you need to do is pair your controller with your Linux or SteamOS PC for the devices to start talking and for your probably gaming success!
Best Controllers for Linux Gaming
So with all of that explained, which controllers are really best for Linux gaming? Often, less ergonomic devices tend to be useful for some games and not so ideal for others. It isn't unusual to end up with multiple controllers in this case, particularly if you enjoy retro gaming in Linux.
But it really all depends on how you like to play. The Xbox 360 and the PS3 Sixaxis controllers are both popular for good reason, but as long as you can find a working device that you're physically comfortable using, then we suggest that you stick with it. Similarly, the Sony DUALSHOCK 4 and Xbox One controllers should be used where available.
As for the Steam controllers… well, you can check them out now on Amazon, place an order and you're good to go.
Do you use a controller, gamepad or joystick for your Linux gaming? Have a favorite? Tell us in the comments.
Image credit: Christian Bertrand / Shutterstock.com
From DC Direct Action News
Julia Flores is a 15 year employee of the P St Whole Foods who was fired from their job for organizing workers and informing them about such laws as the minimum wage. On the 13th of January, the IWW escalated the campaign demanding their job back by blocking the streets in front of another Whole Foods in Foggy Bottom.
Whole Foods is trying to claim that Julia stole an item worth less than $10 after working there for 15 years. Nobody is believing this spurious claim, but this is how Whole Foods is attempting to stave off legal proceedings for violating labor laws. Firing workers for attempting to organize a union is illegal but a common practice, employers always make up some other reason for firing and dare workers to prove otherwise in court.
In addition to the legal proceedings, the IWW is holding Whole Foods accountable to the public with actions like the Jan 13 street blockade and picket that educate the public, drive away business, and create public relations problems with the surrounding neighborhood. There is a strong probability that Whole Foods will be hearing from other businesses in the area whose customers had trouble getting to them.
Activists from DC Stampede (an animal rights group) joined the IWW in this protest as a solidarity matter. Whole Foods has come to the attention of DC Stampede and Direct Action Everywhere (XDXE) in the past for ripping off their customers with meat alleged to be “cruelty-free” that was proven by a video to be from ordinary factory farms. Still earlier, the P st Whole Foods (the one that fired Juilia) played a role in the gentrification of Shaw. They were the first grocery store in that area to keep dumpsters locked up and use compactors. They absolutely refused to give a single scrap of discarded food to homeless service organizations in that time period (circa 2007). Finally. anarchists raided the P st Whole Foods during the October Rebellion (fall 2007 IMF protests), expropriated a large amount of food, and served it to the needy. In short, Whole Foods should be considered a repeat offender, a “frequent flier” for social justice campaigns.
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated. At the time of publication, it represented the best available science.
On May 24, 2010, the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER) on NASA's Terra satellite captured this false-color, high-resolution view of the very tip of the Mississippi River Delta. Ribbons and patches of oil that have leaked from the Deepwater Horizon well offshore are silver against the light blue color of the adjacent water. Vegetation is red.
In the sunglint region of a satellite image—where the mirror-like reflection of the Sun gets blurred into a wide, bright strip—any differences in the texture of the water surface are enhanced. Oil smoothes the water, making it a better “mirror.” Oil-covered waters are very bright in this image, but, depending on the viewing conditions (time of day, satellite viewing angle, slick location), oil-covered water may look darker rather than brighter.
The relative brightness of the oil from place to place is not necessarily an indication of the amount of oil. Any oil located near the precise spot where the Sun's reflection would appear if the surface of the Gulf were perfectly smooth and calm is going to look very bright in these images.
In addition, not all of bright areas are definitely manmade oil. Detecting a manmade oil slick in coastal areas can be even more complicated than detecting it in the open ocean. When oil slicks are visible in satellite images, it is because they have changed how the water reflects light, either by making the Sun's reflection brighter or by dampening the scattering of sunlight, which makes the oily area darker. In coastal areas, however, similar changes in reflectivity can occur from differences in salinity (fresh versus salt water) and from naturally produced oils from plants.
The cause of the dark patch of water in the upper left quadrant of the image is unknown. It may indicate the use of chemical dispersants, skimmers, or booms, or it may be the result of natural differences in turbidity, salinity, or organic matter in the coastal waters.
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen, using data provided courtesy of NASA/GSFC/METI/ERSDAC/JAROS, and U.S./Japan ASTER Science Team. Caption by Rebecca Lindsey.
The horrors of civil war in Syria have proved a blessing for North Korea.
The regime of Kim Jong-un has made a killing selling arms and ammunition to the regime of fellow dictator, Bashar al-Assad.
A typical example is a machine gun known as the Type 73, according to Bruce Bechtol, a professor at Angelo State University in Texas. “[It's] a machine gun made only in North Korea. It's now been sighted — I have pictures of it — not only in Syria, but in Yemen by the Houthis, and the Iranian army is using it, as well as Hezbollah. But it first started being used in Iran and Syria.”
Bechtol's research into North Korea's illicit arms trade with Syria was published in 2015 in the Korean Journal of Defense Analysis.
Bechtol says the trade goes all the way from small arms like machine guns to rocket-propelled grenades, trucks and tanks. One staple of the trade is the 122mm multiple rocket launcher (MRL).
But it's not just conventional weapons. North Korea has also assisted with Syria's weapons of mass destruction, in particular, chemical weapons. Bechtol says the North Koreans historically have been Assad's “main supplier” of chemical weapons.
“I would be stunned. I would be surprised,” says Bechtol, if the nerve agent used by the Assad regime on April 4 in Khan Sheikhoun was not supplied by North Korea.
Bechtol says North Korea supplies nerve agents VX and sarin, along with pre-cursor chemicals, and that its technicians built the facilities that assemble Syria's chemical weapons as well as the platforms for delivering them, especially rocket systems.
Help also comes in the form of personnel. North Korean technicians and specialists help with training on the ground. “We have reports of North Korean pilots flying helicopters for the Syrian air force,” says Bechtol.
The trade has been going on despite international prohibitions on the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and of arms sales to Syria. North Korea is also under sanctions.
Reporting by Quartz shows a number of North Korean weapons shipments have been intercepted at sea, for example by the Turkish navy. But many shipments get through.
Bechtol says some of the material gets sent by air, but most comes by sea. The cargo is sometimes disguised with ordinary looking commodities like cement, or even seaweed. “They're very good at getting past international sanctions,” they add.
Much of the trade is financed by Iran, one of Assad's main backers. Iran is also North Korea's biggest customer for its arms sales.
Collaboration and arms sales between the two dictatorships goes back decades, to the time of the fathers of the current rulers of Syria and North Korea.
The illicit arms trade is of huge importance to North Korea. “Illicit activity is worth more than 40 percent of the real North Korean economy,” says Bechtol. “And of that 40 percent, more than two-thirds of it is weapons proliferation.”
Larry Niksch of the Congressional Research Service estimates North Korea's illicit arms sales in the Middle East alone to be about $3 billion per year. That doesn't count big customers elsewhere, which include both Ethiopia and Eritrea, who have fought multiple border wars in recent years.
Bechtol has a book coming out next year called “Enabling Instability and Violence: North Korean Proliferation in the Middle East and Africa.”
CHP submits draft to recognize genocide in Algeria and Rwanda by the French
ANKARA - Anatolia News Agency
AA photo
Main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) deputy Sinan Aygün submitted a draft law today to recognize the alleged genocide committed by France in Algeria and Rwanda.The draft law criminalizes the denial of the alleged genocide committed by France against Algerian and Rwandan people and would be punishable with two years in prison and be subject to a 90,000-euro fine.The law says France massacred 1.5 million people in Algeria between 1950 and 1958 and 800,000 people in Rwanda during the civil war in 1994."It is an undeniable fact that the French committed genocide in Algeria and Rwanda. Those rejecting the reality of the genocide in Algeria and Rwanda will be punished," the draft law read.The draft law on genocide in Algeria and Rwanda has come during a week in which the French parliament is expected to vote on a motion criminalizing denials of the 1915 events as genocide.
A pair of Californian surfers set a North American record on Wednesday after riding the Petitcodiac River's tidal bore for 29 kilometres.
JJ Wessels and Colin Whitbread jumped on the wave in Belliveau Village and the tidal bore carried the professional surfers to the causeway in Moncton.
The previous record was eight kilometres, which was set in Alaska in 2011, according to the City of Moncton.
The surfers said the tidal bore is even more impressive than they anticipated when they decided to come to New Brunswick.
However, Whitbread said the Petitcodiac River was also quite dangerous.
"There were death rocks three feet away, this is not for amateur people," they said.
"I mean to get involved in this, you have to be in expert shape, and be like a waterman, I mean we've been surfing our whole lives and this was challenging."
Ben Champoux, the director of tourism and culture in Moncton, said the record is a "big coup" for the surfers and the city.
"The fact that we are surfing it is a big deal. The fact that they surfed it for 29 kilometres will put us on the map in the surfing world," they said.
The surfers didn't take anything to chance when it came to setting the record.
The Moncton official said the surfers visited New Brunswick two weeks ago, without any fanfare, and tried surfing the tidal bore to see if it was possible to break the record.
"They knew exactly what they were doing. They are pros. They had been assessing the river for many years, but more specifically over the last three weeks," Champoux said.
They said the surfers had two Sea-Doos following them to provide assistance when needed.
Champoux said the surfers were not always on their feet. But at one point, they said Whitbread and Wessels were up on their feet surfing for 30 minutes together.
Boon for the tourism industry
Moncton is hoping to capitalize on new tourism money flowing into the city by people showing up to watch, and surf, on the tidal bore.
Wessels and Whitbread were among the four international surfers who travelled to Moncton this week to ride the tidal bore. Thousands of people have lined the banks of the Petitcodiac River throughout the week to watch them.
Champoux said he's looking for some tips from the professional surfers on how to promote the river.
Onlookers lined the Petitcodiac River on Wednesday to watch the four professional surfers. (CBC)
"Let's be honest, this is new to us. We don't pretend to be experts," Champoux said.
"We're going to rely on them to help us in terms of moving forward."
Richard Belliveau, a long-time Moncton-area resident, said the sight of surfers on the river, which was once blocked by a causeway, is amazing."I've been watching the tidal bore for 50 years, more, and that's the first time I've seen surfers," they said.
"So it's really quite exciting to see them do that. And also it's one of the highest bores in recent years. It's great."
Antony Colas has surfed the world's biggest tidal bores and they said they have been waiting for years to travel from France to Moncton to check out the Petitcodiac River.
Last month, Colas watched an online video of the bore and decided it was time to catch a wave.
"I looked at the breaking wave, and was like, 'Oh it's back, it's back.' And within maybe days I took decision, bought a ticket, [told] my wife, 'Sorry I have to go for one week.' And basically it was a very last-minute decision and I'm not disappointed at all," they said.
Moncton is hoping the four professional surfers, who came to the city this week, will give them advice on making the tidal bore a bigger tourism draw. (CBC)
They also had a direct message for all the onlookers on Wednesday.
"By the time the buzz will expand, in the month of August … you better surf at night because it's going to be too crowded during the day," they said.
The word of the growing waves on the Petitcodiac River is travelling fast in the region.
Tim Adham came from Nova Scotia on Wednesday to watch the surfers.
They said they hope to surf the tidal bore with their daughter and they said they can see how this could be a big draw for the city.
"Everybody at the surf shop was like, what? No way, we want to hear about it, let us know how it goes. So it could take off," Adham said.
"But it's got to be organized by the city somehow, we don't know if we're actually allowed on the water."
The tidal bore has been growing in popularity following the decision to open the causeway gates in Moncton.
The decision to open the causeway gates was extremely controversial. The causeway was built in 1968 between Moncton and Riverview and the gates were opened in April 2010.
Leuken's Bemidji grocery sells to employees after 46 years
Joe Lueken is selling out Jon Heller for MPR
After 46 years in the grocery business, Joe Lueken is selling out. But the new owner will have a familiar face, about 400 of them, in fact.
Lueken, 70, who owns two stores here and one in Wahpeton, N.D., is retiring and turning them over to an employee stock ownership program, passing up interest from several other regional grocery chains.
Store managers say the stores could have fetched at least $30 million from outside owners. Instead, 400 employees will take over ownership on Sunday and pay Lueken out of store profits over the next five to seven years.
"What an awesome way to end the year for all of us 400 people, and then even for Bemidji," said Maria Svare, front-end manager at Lueken's Village Foods at the south end of Bemidji. "It's a good thing."
Svare has been an employee for two and half years. To participate in the ownership program an employee needs to be 21 years old and to have worked for at least a year. But there is no requirement to provide an investment up front.
The program creates a board of directors to oversee management of the stores. Employees will have input in business operations through committees.
There are some 11,000 employee stock ownership programs in the United States. Another regional grocer, St. Cloud-based Coburn's, was sold in 2006 to an employee stock ownership plan. Scheels sporting goods stores based in Fargo are another example.
New CEO Brent Sicard Jon Heller for MPR
"I'm glad they chose this, compared to what they could have done," Svare said. "It's a great future to look forward to."
Svare worried that if Lueken had sold the stores to someone else, new management might have come in and fired or replaced existing workers. They said keeping the grocery stores locally owned instead of chain-owned means the profits will stay in the community.
Lueken is the son of a baker, known around Bemidji for their generosity, and a strong supporter of local charities and a booster of both Bemidji State University and the community.
Lueken's move to give their stores to their employees has gotten international media attention. They think it's because people crave positive stories.
"There's so much bad news in this country today, and especially the corporate greed that you see, people just want to have some good news," they said.
Their employees are largely responsible for their success, and they deserve to be rewarded, they said.
"It feels good," they said. "When you can have employees come up to you with tears in their eyes. I'll tell you, there's no feeling like it in the world."
Ownership shares will be divided by seniority, but a lot of the finer details have yet to be worked out. The federally regulated program requires that an impartial administrator decide how shares in the store are valued.
Brooke Rebers, Operations Manager Jon Heller for MPR
The reality of ownership hasn't sunk in yet with workers, said Matthew Sconce, director of the south end store. They pointed out that employees will soon be responsible for both the good and the bad. In Bemidji that means facing stiff competition from Target and Walmart, along with another locally owned grocery store.
"If you're an owner of any company there's a risk involved," Sconce said. "It's very competitive. It's very difficult to compete with the big box stores. What we look at doing is to provide incredible customer service."
Sconce says that means continuing to carry out groceries for customers. There's also talk of innovations, like creating an app so customers can shop using their smart phones.
Taking Lueken's place as president and chief executive officer will be Brent Sicard, who started out as an overnight janitor in 1998.
"You know, this is about legacy, and Joe has an amazing legacy," Sicard said. "We've said many times you don't ever replace Joe. There's one Joe Lueken in the world. But you recreate them in the aggregate of everyone around us. So he's trained us all, and our hope is that we can take everything that made them great. And we really use that as our culture, who we are."
The new owners will get their first look at financial statements after the first of the year, as they begin learning how to manage their business. Lueken said they and their wife, Janice, plan to travel the world and enjoy a long awaited retirement.
Post-Surgical Wetware Rejection Syndrome(PSWRS) occurs in less than a quarter of patients having undergone artificial implant surgery. People with this condition experience strong feelings of disgust toward the affected area as if it were a foreign or perhaps implausible component of their body.
Posted by DoopLeJoy on May 14th, 2014
Post-Surgical Wetware Rejection Syndrome
Definition
Post-Surgical Wetware Rejection Syndrome(PSWRS) occurs in less than a quarter of patients having undergone artificial implant surgery. People with this condition experience strong feelings of disgust toward the affected area as if it were a foreign or perhaps implausible component of their body.
Causes
PSWRS is due to the patient's organic brain continuing to sort messages from transistors set in place to replicate the functionality of nerves that originally carried impulses to and from the affected area. Without the capacity to accurately determine the origin of these impulses, additional implants to the cerebellum are required.
Risk Factors
PSWRS is more common in adults than in children. Other factors that may increase your chance of developing PSWRS include:
Previous damage to spinal cord or peripheral nerves that supplied the affected area.
Symptoms
Post-Surgical Wetware Rejection Syndrome may cause sensations of:
Shooting, stabbing, piercing or burning pain.
Numbness, tickling or cramping.
Extreme spasms or involuntary movements.
Diagnosis
Following the procedure, it is important to tell your engineer if you experience pain or other sensations. Earlier treatment generally improves the chances of success. Medical tests vary based on the amount of artificial implants present in the patient's body. These can range anywhere in between reporting discomfort to running a neurological debugger on a cyborg's BlueBrain.
Medications/Treatment
Your engineer may recommend the following to help with your symptoms:
Biological
Antidepressants
Anticonvulsants
Antipsychotics
Opioids
Muscle relaxers
Pain-killers
Cloning
cybernetic
nano-stimulants
VR Motor Therapy
BlueBrain Re-synchronization
Download the full game here.
The Fix's Aaron Blake explains why Donald Trump Jr.'s decision to tweet out emails about a meeting with a Russian lawyer could end up being damaging. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
Donald Trump Jr. posted their full exchange with a publicist for a Russian pop musician to Twitter on Tuesday, and the emails confirm previous reports that Trump Jr. was offered compromising information about Hillary Clinton specifically from the Russian government. The emails also say flatly that the Kremlin was working to help elect their father — claims which Trump Jr., their father and the White House would deny for months afterward.
Some have suggested that they represent a smoking gun when it comes to collusion between the Russian government and the Trump campaign. The White House denies there was any collusion.
The emails Trump Jr. tweeted are images. Below, we have typed them and reformatted them for ease of reading and put them in chronological order. We'll be annotating the key parts. To read an annotation, click on the yellow, highlighted text.
EMAIL NO. 1
On Jun 3, 2016, at 10:36 AM, Rob Goldstone wrote:
Good morning
Emin just called and asked me to contact you with something very interesting.
The Crown prosecutor of Russia met with their father Aras this morning and in their meeting offered to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and their dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father.
This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump – helped along by Aras and Emin.
What do you think is the best way to handle this information and would you be able to speak to Emin about it directly?
I can also send this info to your father via Rhona, but it is ultra sensitive so wanted to send to you first.
Best
Rob Goldstone
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 2
On Jun 3, 2016, at 10:53, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
Thanks Rob I appreciate that. I am on the road at the moment but perhaps I just speak to Emin first. Seems we have some time and if it's what you say I love it especially later in the summer. Could we do a call first thing next week when I am back?
Best,
Don
Sent from my iPhone
EMAIL NO. 3
-----Original message-----
From: Rob Goldstone
Sent: Monday, June 06, 2016 12:40 PM
To: Donald Trump Jr.
Subject: Re: Russia – Clinton – private and confidential
Hi Don
Let me know when you are free to talk with Emin by phone about this
Hillary info – you had mentioned early this week so wanted to try
to schedule a time and day Best to you and family Rob Goldstone
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 4
On Jun 6, 2016, at 15:03, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
Rob could we speak now?
d
Donald J. Trump Jr.
Executive Vice President of Development and Acquisitions The Trump
Organization
725 Fifth Avenue | New York, NY | 10022
| trump.com
EMAIL NO. 5
-----Original message-----
From: Rob Goldstone
Sent: Monday, June 06, 2016 3:37 PM
To: Donald Trump Jr.
Subject: Re: Russia – Clinton – private and confidential
Let me track them down in Moscow
What number they could call?
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 6
On Jun 6, 2016, at 15:38, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
My cell thanks
d
Donald J. Trump Jr.
Executive Vice President of Development and Acquisitions The Trump
Organization
725 Fifth Avenue | New York, NY | 10022
| trump.com
EMAIL NO. 7
On Jun 6, 2016, at 3:43 PM, Rob Goldstone wrote:
Ok he's on stage in Moscow but should be off within 20 Minutes so I
am sure can call Rob
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 8
On June 6, 2016, at 16:38, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
Rob thanks for the help.
D
Sent from an iPhone
EMAIL NO. 9
On Jun 7, 2016, at 4:20 PM, Rob Goldstone wrote:
Don
Hope all is well
Emin asked that I schedule a meeting with you and The Russian government attorney who is flying over from Moscow for this Thursday.
I believe you are aware of the meeting – and so wondered if 3pm or later on Thursday works for you?
I assume it would be at your office.
Best
Rob Goldstone
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 10
On Jun 7, 2016, at 5:16 PM, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
How about 3 at our offices? Thanks rob appreciate you helping set it up.
D
Sent from my iPhone.
EMAIL NO. 11
On Jun 7, 2016, at 5:19 PM, Rob Goldstone wrote:
Perfect…I won't sit in on the meeting, but will bring them at 3pm and introduce you etc.
I will send the names of the two people meeting with you for security when I have them later today.
best
Rob
EMAIL NO. 12
On Jun 7, 2016, at 18:14, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
Great. It will likely be Paul Manafort (campaign boss) my brother in law and me. 725 Fifth Ave 25th floor.
Sent from my iPhone
EMAIL NO. 13
——-Original Message——-
From: Rob Goldstone
Sent: Wednesday, June 08, 2016 10:34 AM
To: Donald Trump Jr.
Subject: Re: Russia – Clinton – private and confidential
Good morning
Would it be possible to move tomorrow meeting to 4pm as the Russian attorney is in court until 3 i was just informed.
Best,
Rob
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 14
On June 8, 2016, at 11:15, Donald Trump Jr. wrote:
Yes Rob I could do that unless they wanted to do 3 today instead… just let me know and ill lock it in either way.
d
Donald J. Trump Jr.
Executive Vice President of Development and Acquisitions The Trump Organization
725 Fifth Avenue | New York, NY | 10022
| Trump.com
EMAIL NO. 15
——-Original Message——-
From: Rob Goldstone
Sent: Wednesday, June 08, 2016 11:18 AM
To: Donald Trump Jr.
Subject: Re: Russia - Clinton - private and confidential
They can't do today as they haven't landed yet from Moscow 4pm is great tomorrow.
Best
Rob
This iphone speaks many languages
EMAIL NO. 16
From: Donald Trump Jr.
Sent: Wednesday, June 08, 2016 12:03 p.m
To: Jared Kushner; Paul Manafort
Subject: FW: Russia — Clinton - private and confidential
Meeting got moved to 4 tomorrow at my offices.
Best,
Don
Donald J. Trump Jr.
Executive Vice President of Development and Acquisitions The Trump Organization
725 Fifth Avenue | New York, NY | 10022
| Trump.com
2002, The Left United Against the Front National.
Time was when Jean-Luc Mélenchon has no words hard enough against the Front National.
They even called, repeatedly, for it to be banned. As in Jean-Luc Mélenchon : «C'est le Front national qu'il faut interdire». 17th April. 1997. And Mélenchon veut interdire le FN 23rd of January 2010.
Now they are ‘resting' in initially in silence while their supporters decide on-line whether to vote against Marine Le Pen, that is, vote for Macron, in the Presidential run off.
After Sunday's election the choice between Macron and Le Pen is the only one present in the ballot box.
An on-line vote by supporters of La France insoumise, the rally with 440,000 ‘members' (Many of whom give a nominal sum and Web involvement), is taking place on their stand on the Second Round on the 7th of May.
On voting choices they will be able to recommend that the movement advocates one of these options:
A blank vote (or spoiled ballot as we would say), abstention or a vote for Macron.
There is no option to vote for Le Pen.
“Je vote blanc ou nul», «Je vote Emmanuel Macron», «Je m'abstiens».
Note the way this is posed: the second round will set against each other, “the candidate of the extreme right and the candidate of extreme finance” (the latter reads as oddly in French as English).
It continues, “none of us will vote for the far right. Even so, should one give a voting recommendation? We said during our campaign that our votes could not be used by anybody else for the second round. Our candidate, Jean-Luc Mélenchon has loyally respected this commitment. Having indicated this since the beginning of our campaign, therefore we have organised this to give a voice to la France insoumise on what position they personally (my emphasis) take on the second round. This will not be a voting recommendation; the (aim) is to know the position of those in la France insoumise.
La consultation des militants de la France insoumise a commencé. Libération. More in Le Monde.
At a Press Conference today speakers for La France insoumise began by emphasising, quite rightly, that they had an exceptional voting score, which reached nearly 20% (nearly as many as the candidate who came 3rd François Fillon).
On the consultation above they noted that already 50,000 people had taken part, and that it was to give supporters an opportunity to express an opinion, not a voting recommendation. (“n'a pas pour but de donner une consigne de vote mais de permettre aux insoumis de donner leur avis). They then announced, amongst other things, that they are not a traditional political party but a movement (Nous ne sommes pas un parti politique traditionnel. Nous sommes un mouvement) and that neither Macron nor Le Pen represented their ideas.
Waxing lyrical, if perhaps in a tone some would describe as shouty if not hysterical, Alexis Corbière stated that they were they only political force to emerge in the Presidential elections (“La seule force politique qui émerge dans cette élection, c'est nous”) and that they were also the only people capable of really standing up to the Front National (“La seule force en capacité de tenir tête à l'extrême droite, c'est nous”) and they were the only ones (again!) fighting the FN consistently and convincingly, while everybody else was chattering away (“Nous, nous combattons le FN sur le fond et nous convainquons. Les autres font du baratin !).
La France insoumise intends to stand alone, against all other left parties, in the June legislative elections.
More from here: Compte rendu de la CONFÉRENCE de PRESSE, après le premier tour, de la FRANCE INSOUMISE, le 26 avril 2017.
In the media, the médiacrates as Mélenchon calls them, have been asking their supporters what they think.
Some are said to agree with Philippe Poutou, the candidate of the Nouveau parti anticapitaliste (NP), who, with a score of 1,09% (1,15% in 2012) advocates going onto the streets to shout against the FN but to stay away from the polling booths.
Philippe Poutou n'appelle pas à voter Emmanuel Macron mais à combattre le Front national dans la rue https://t.co/CWPUqT8t3v pic.twitter.com/7NjqRIg8Ri — Le HuffPost (@LeHuffPost) April 23, 2017
Others, will what may be called a firmer grasp of reality, will respond as the rest of the non-marginal French left has done, Voter for Macron, with a heavy heart, “« Tout sauf Le Pen. ». The ‘populist' movement remains divided. (Macron « à contrecœur », vote blanc ou pour Le Pen, pour le « choc » : les électeurs de Mélenchon tiraillés). More here: Silence de Mélenchon sur le FN : colère, démocratie ou «faute» ? Libération.
As in:
One of the main reasons for their confusion is that the supporters of La France insoumise are said to be bitterly disappointed that they were not able to reach the final round. Apparently they believed, perhaps alone, that they would face a straight Le Pen Melenchon battle. (L'armée en ligne de Jean-Luc Mélenchon à l'heure de la désillusion. Dans le café virtuel où 20 000 militants ont porté sa campagne en ligne, le débat est intense sur l'attitude à adopter pour le second tour.)
Media which are no friends of the French left – happy to ignore that from the Communists to others on the left of the left will vote against Le Pen (Le PCF appelle à voter Macron, puis à le battre aux législatives) – have seized on the ambiguities of La France insoumise and the Man of Destiny, Jean-Luc Mélenchon.
The New York Times reports,
The National Front is delighted. The party has extended a welcome mat to Mr. Mélenchon's supporters, pointing out similarities between the candidates. The Front's founder, Jean-Marie Le Pen — kicked out of the party by their daughter partly over their racism — hailed Mr. Mélenchon's position warmly in an interview on French radio Tuesday. “This seems very worthy to me, coming from a candidate who made a remarkable breakthrough, and who was — it must be said — the best orator,” Mr. Le Pen said. Their daughter's top lieutenant in the far-right party, Florian Philippot, said “many voters” for Mr. Mélenchon may now join Ms. Le Pen in the second round, adding that there was a “a kind of coherence, after all” in their refusal to endorse Mr. Macron. “Among their voters, many will refuse to vote for Macron, and many could vote for us,” Mr. Philippot said on France Info, tying the former economy minister to “finance,” as Mr. Mélenchon does, and to the unpopular government of President François Hollande, in which Mr. Macron served. “Lots of voters in the electorate that chose Fillon, Dupont-Aignan” — two candidates on the right — “and even Mélenchon are open to a number of our themes,” another top National Front official, Nicolas Bay, said in an internal memo quoted by Agence France-Presse on Tuesday. The coming vote would be a contest between “fans of Mrs. Merkel and the unsubjugated,” they wrote — an apparent reference to Mr. Mélenchon's movement and Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, who is criticized on both the far left and the far right as pursuing policies that have impoverished European Union states. One of Mr. Mélenchon's top aides derided the candidate's critics in a telephone interview Tuesday. “You've got to look at where the criticism is coming from,” said Éric Coquerel, a member of the Paris regional council. “It's coming from those whose policies have favored the development of the National Front, from the Socialist Party,” said Mr. Coquerel, referring to the quarrel that divided the French left for five years: the governing Socialists' mild pro-market turn, seen as a betrayal by France's far left. “We don't want to help Marine Le Pen, but we don't want to endorse Mr. Macron,” they said. “He's the candidate of free trade,” Mr. Coquerel said. “He's going to assist in the Uberization of society. Everything we are going to fight against in the coming months. There's no possible rapprochement.”
Advertisements
The game I played with an attacker described in this blog was inspired by a TED talk where someone played games with a 419 scammer: James Veitch - This is what happens when you reply to spam email
On February 10th I released a wealth of information on the CryptoWall ransomware. I structured all the information about CryptoWall on a website and made it public in the form of a website known as the ‘CryptoWall Tracker': https://www.cryptowalltracker.org/
When running a publicly accessible website you can expect to get 'free security advise' from the internet in the form of web pentesting and whatnot. Most of the scans (pentests) are automated for all kinds of reasons; be it compromising websites to abuse it for CryptoWall proxies (as described [ here ]), or simply defacing it for Zone-H 'credits'.
Some weeks ago I noticed someone started to poke the CryptoWall tracker website, this article describes the fun I had messing with the attacker (I'm assuming it was one person, more on that later).
The CryptoWall tracker setup
To make sure this story makes some sense I want to explain how the website is setup.
The website itself (the content) is 100% static, there is nothing dynamic on the website anywhere. All pages are rendered on my personal device and uploaded to the server using SCP. The reason for making the website completely static is mostly because of security. The website isn't a constantly updating website with lots of interaction happening so I feel a lot safer making it completely static; it doesn't impede my ability to work on it or visitors to view and/or use it.
The webserver serving the static content runs behind CloudFlare to filter out the internet noise (various automated scans), serve the website over SSL and reduce traffic by allowing CloudFlare to cache everything. This does mean I give away some 'control' over the website itself but on the other hand it also means the website is always online. One of the features I've enabled on the website is 'Always Online' which means that CloudFlare will always cache the latest version of the website even when the real server hosting it goes offline (it will tell the user this occured when serving a cached version). Another advantage of having CloudFlare in this situation is the reduction of requests that actually hit my server. All the internet-noise and normal (known) scanners are blocked by CloudFlare's automatic filtering of possible 'harmfull' requests. Another way I reduced the amount of request on the backend server is by enabling a 'Cache-everything' page rule on the whole website. This means only 'new' requests that haven't been cached yet will hit my server; I only get unique requests that pass by all of these filters.
Because CloudFlare is pretty good at blocking all the automated scanning tools I usually only see the tools that get rate-limited really badly (any frequent hitting of anything but 200 OK gets you a CloudFlare captcha) or manual testing.
First 'attack'
I was performing some maintenance on the server (cleaning up old useless files consuming disk space and cleaning some NGINX configs) and I noticed the access log was bigger than usual. Normally the access log for the server is really really small. Only when I clear the cache on the CloudFlare page (because I made some changes to the website) I see some initial requests before the pages are cached again.
In the logs there were a lot of requests from what seemed to be a Python based scanner. The timing on them (and the fact they bypassed CloudFlares' filters) made me think it was someone doing manual work. Here's a small grab of requests from the attacker looking for some kind of adminstration page on the tracker website:
[01/Mar/2016:18:24:16 +0100] “GET /administrator/ HTTP/1.1” 404 0 “-” “python-requests/2.2.1 CPython/2.7.6 Linux/2.6.32-042stab092.1” [01/Mar/2016:18:24:54 +0100] “GET /admin/ HTTP/1.1” 404 0 “-” “python-requests/2.2.1 CPython/2.7.6 Linux/2.6.32-042stab092.1” [01/Mar/2016:18:25:37 +0100] “GET /adm/ HTTP/1.1” 404 0 “-” “python-requests/2.2.1 CPython/2.7.6 Linux/2.6.32-042stab092.1”
This goes on for quite some time, there's about 80 requests in the first hour of the 'scan'. When I saw how slow the requests were coming in I felt like someone was typing them manually… or at least copying and pasting them into a browser. I decided to see if I could make this person play a game, my game :)
The first thing I did was check the IP address the guy was coming from which seemed to be a Tor exit node. I checked the Tor project site to see if the node was still listed to be active and it was; bad luck, the guy seems to be coming in through Tor.
Looking at the requests I could sort of predict where they would be going. They were basically trying to find specific folders based on some kind of list. When they had a hit (a folder didn't 404) he'd start requesting subfolders from the same list. When they were out of folders he'd go through a whole set of files ranging from backups to configurations and whatnot. After the guy hit the 'css' folder correctly (this is just where the tracker website's CSS style sheet are stored) I could get a list of what files they were searching for. Based on this list of files the attacker was looking for I decided to start my game.
The game: Moving location
First of, I needed to lure the guy away from the tracker website. CloudFlare was caching all their requests and some of them were hitting the filters. Seeing as the 'scan' didn't stop they probably are typing in the captcha codes every time (also noticed this in timing, he'd have some long(ish) delays in requests every once in a while).
The guy obviously knew I was using CloudFlare and providing them with a non CloudFlare IP would be appealing to them to investigate. I decided to plant an error disclosing an IP address to lure them away from CloudFlare. I planted the following page at /data/test.php:
This error is normally shown when a mysql_connect call in PHP fails to connect to a server for some reason. In this case I planted the text, its just static text I copied from a different website with some slight modifications. The IP (under the red scribbles) was the server I hoped the attacker would go to.
I planted the message and waited for them to hit the path. About 2 days later I received a request for the file after they explored the /data/ folder. Interestingly as soon as the request occured I did not see any other requests I could relate to this same attacker hitting the CryptoWall Tracker website. I had my fingers crossed for hits on the VPS…
The game: Crack hashes and get access
About an hour after the attacker found the error page I planted I received a request on the VPS. The attacker started with requesting the index, the user-agent was still “python-requests/2.2.1 CPython/2.7.6 Linux/2.6.32-042stab092.1” which was my way of confirming it was the same person.
When I prepped the VPS I did a clean NGINX install and set static files to be served and a Python bottle application. This time I created my bait files under /backup/ which would allow directory listing. The directory contained sql files (looking to be backup files) of which only one would return a dump, the others returned an NGINX forbidden page. It looked like this:
Now all I needed was a good looking sqldump from what looks to be a settings table. I found a pretty cool website to generate fake mysql dumps (amongst a ton of other file formats) named [ generatedata.com ]. I generated the following sql dump supposedly being the 'cwt-mysql-settings-backup-01032016' file shown in the directory listing:
It shows a (really simplistic) usertable which is supposed to look like some kind of automated backup from a database. I generated this data and manually added the two passwordhash entries. The hashes are MD5 hashes of 'test123' for the test account and 'Crypt3d' for my supposed account >:). If you grab the hashes and throw them towards one of those online MD5 'cracking' services you'll get those two passwors back pretty quickly. I don't know whether the attacker actually cracked the hashes manually or used a site but as soon as they had the sql dump they didn't reappear for about 3 days.
When the attacker hadn't returned after a day or so I first thought I lost the guy since I was making it pretty damn easy. You could poke holes in the setup pretty easily I felt.
The game: gain access
The idea I had with the MYSQL dump files was to get the guy to crack the hashes (be it online or offline) and use the passwords to log in to what they would think would be the panel for managing the tracker website.
I created a small bottle application to server as the 'administration panel' for the CryptoWall tracker. It could be requested on '/administration/login' and looked like this:
Really, really, really simplistic because I had to set it up really quickly. The attacker actually found this page long before they reached the backup folder (with the fake MYSQL dumps) right after they transfered their attack from the CloudFlare based tracker website to this VPS.
To log in to the panel you have to use 'my' account from the fake MYSQL dump, username 'yonathan' and password 'Crypt3d'. When you login to the 'panel' you can get one of two pages. What I wanted to do is see if I could get the attacker to expose their real IP address. I loaded up all known Tor exit nodes from the Tor Project website feed here: https://check.torproject.org/exit-addresses. When you login with an IP address what shows up in that list you get:
I hoped that by adding the last sentence “You have been logged out” it would force the attacker to think “shit I still haven't reached the panel yet but the login data was correct”. When they would use an IP that wasn't listed as an exit node it showed this page:
The website I refer to (internetpolice.us) is actually maintained by a buddy of mine named Dan Tentler, he's @Viss on Twitter. I hoped that the attacker would understand he'd perfectly played into my game when reaching this page.
As I noted before, the attacker dissapeared for a long time after they found the MYSQL dumps. About 3 days after they found the sql dumps the attacker accessed the panel, logged in, got the block page and… 3 minutes later they logged in from a non Tor IP address. A residential Ukranian IP address logged in to my fake panel.
Thank you for playing my game, my Ukranian friend. Of course it doesn't mean this was their home IP address perse, it could be some kind of compromised box being used as a proxy but I really hope they messed up.
Conclusion(s)
I have poor skills in setting up a proper faked setup. This is just my personal opinion. It wasn't as nicely done as I wished mostly due to the fact that there was a lot to quickly setup (fake pages, etc) because the attack was ongoing. I also wonder if I can come up with a better 'game' for the next attacker poking my website(s). Funny thing though, IP history for the VPS IP would have shown what I had runnin on that IP before. Luckily for me this attacker did nothing like that and played into it perfectly… I still can't believe this actually worked :).
I've made all the files used in my honeypotting game available on Github for those who might find it interesting or useful. Keep in mind the Python code is horrible, it works but it was rushed horribly.
Github repository: https://github.com/0x3a/playing-games-with-an-attacker
When you start your journey with DDD, it's quite easy to apply DDD in a fresh app. It's a bit more complicated for existing, legacy apps. This blog post shows how you can start applying DDD by publishing events.
In an existing app, the biggest worry is to not break the existing functionality. This makes applying DDD even harder, as full DDD will require some refactorings.
I suggest to start with publishing events. Just publishing, no handling, no subscriptions. By just publishing events, you don't change the main behaviour of your system. What you're doing is adding a new no-op (no operation).
An optional step is to also store the events. I have an easy tool for both those things at once, so I publish/store at the same time.
Publishing events is like a compilable/interpretable code comment. You register a fact. This is what happened at this state of code.
I recently work on an app called Fuckups. Its role is to allow teams to track fuckups in their projects and it allows learning from those situations. I started with a typical framework approach (The Rails Way) and only after some time, I gradually escape from the framework and start applying DDD/CQRS/ES.
It's best to focus on the events which are clearly statements of some state changes. If you escape from a CRUD app (as I did) - they will be all those CRUD operations.
What I did, was I also tried not to use the CRUD verbs. Instead of FuckupCreated I called it FuckupReported. That's more true, as I'm not really creating a fuckup by filling the form. It's more that I report that fuckup to the system.
This is what I ended up with, in terms of events:
FuckupReported = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupReportedFromSlack = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupReportedFromCodeEditor = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupRemoved = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupBatchUpdated = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupShared = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupVisitedByUser = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) FuckupVisitedByGuest = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) OrganizationAllowedToUseTheApp = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) UserApprovedInTheOrganization = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) UserRegisteredFromGithub = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) UserSessionStarted = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) UserLoggedOut = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event ) UserMadeAdmin = Class . new ( RailsEventStore :: Event )
Using the Rails Event Store gem, this is how I publish those events:
@fuckup = current_organization . fuckups . create ( fuckup_params ) stream_name = "fuckup_ #{ @fuckup . id } " event_data = { data: { user_id: current_user . id , organization_id: current_organization . id , tldr: @fuckup . tldr , description: @fuckup . description , symptoms: @fuckup . symptoms , hotfix: @fuckup . hotfix , coldfix: @fuckup . coldfix , } }
It's still a bit too verbose as for my taste, but it's quite explicit what it's doing.
Publishing events (and storing them) is just the first step. On its own it doesn't really change your architecture that much.
So what's the value?
The value is in the fact that you need to come up with non-CRUD names, that's first. You start using more domain vocabulary in your code. The main value, though, is that those events are quickly showing you potential next steps. The events tend to group in two ways. They show you the aggregates. If you look at the event prefixes, it's quite clear that User and Fuckup are aggregates. The second grouping is by a bounded context. In my case, it's quite clear that I have a Identity&Access bounded context (authentication, authorization, sharing, access). The other one is just the Core - Fuckups.
You may notice that the aggregates split when you think in aggregates. The Fuckup can be shared. This is an Identity&Access concern, not the core Fuckups bounded context. In a way, the fuckup exists in both bounded contexts.
This kind of thinking and analysing is very useful in the later phases.
Stay tuned for the next steps!
President Obama has made their displeasure at the bonuses clear Firms in the US which received billions of dollars of government aid in the financial crisis are to be told to cut the pay of top executives. The seven companies that received the most aid from the US Treasury will have to reduce the basic salaries of their 25 best-paid employees by up to 90%. The totals paid to each firm's 125 top earners would be halved under the plan. Details of the plans were confirmed ahead of schedule by Elizabeth Warren, who heads the oversight panel. The US government is expected to announce the salary cuts for top executives within the next few days. 'Party's over' Speaking in an interview on CBS's The Early Show, Ms Warren, from the government's Troubled Asset Relief Programme, which has organised the bail out of US banks, said reports of pending reductions in executive salaries are "real".
They said those people being targeted had to take responsibility. "Guys, you have to understand that you can't party on like its 2007. If you're going to take taxpayer dollars, then the game has to change", they said. There has been widespread outrage over the high level of bonuses paid by firms that had to appeal for government help. The seven companies affected would be Bank of America, American International Group (AIG), Citigroup, General Motors, GMAC, Chrysler and Chrysler Financial. Some companies, such as the Goldman Sachs Group and JP Morgan Chase, have already repaid bailout money. 'Offensive' The US is expected to ofically announce the salary cuts for top executives within the next few days. Kenneth Feinberg, the Treasury official appointed to handle compensation issues as part of the $700bn Troubled Asset Relief Programme (Tarp), will be in charge of the negotiations on salaries with each of the companies. Officials close to Mr Feinberg say the plan, targeting the 25 top earners at each of the seven companies affected, will on average cut total compensation by about 50%. MARDELL'S AMERICA With a growing sense of anger at the distance between Wall Street and Main Street, and a sense of unfairness that the bosses who'd helped fuel the crisis were getting rewarded for it, the administration obviously felt it had to act
Mark Mardell
BBC North America editor
Read Mark's thoughts in full The plan will also change the form of the pay to align the personal interests of the executives with the longer-term financial health of their companies. The base salary of the executives will be cut on average by 90%, while the remainder will be replaced by stock that cannot be sold for years. Executives will also need permission to claim perks worth more than $25,000 per year - including country club memberships and company cars. Until now, companies were only required to provide guidelines for the use of such luxuries. But it is still unclear exactly how much the executives will be allowed to earn, or how a figure will be determined by Mr Feinberg. Bonus 'outrage' President Barack Obama has been outspoken about the payment of bonuses - when the rest of the country is still suffering from the fall out of the global financial crisis. Earlier this year, the president said they were "outraged" by plans by bailed-out insurer AIG to pay $165m bonuses pledged to executives. And this week their senior aide, David Axlerod, called the payouts "offensive", telling the ABC that firms "ought to think through what they are doing and they ought to understand that a year ago lot of these institutions were teetering on the brink and the United States government and taxpayers came to their defence". Excessive pay and bonuses have been cited as one of the causes of the world economic downturn, with bankers accused of taking greater risks driven by potential rewards. The recent G20 summit wanted bonuses linked to long-term performance. However, the Pittsburgh meeting produced no plan for general caps on the amount banks could pay out - something that some European governments wanted.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Now the smoke has cleared following international television program market MipTV in Cannes, which wrapped on Thursday, the outline of some of the major trends can be made out.
One trend that has been evident for a while but was more pronounced than ever last week is that the major players are ramping up production of high-end drama.
“The original programming slate at Starz has been ramping up for last two years and is continuing to do,” Gene George, Starz exec VP, worldwide distribution said. “The number of episodes of original programming in Starz has near doubled in two years from 42 in 2013 to a projected 75-80 in 2015.”
It is the same story everywhere you look — BBC Worldwide, All3Media, ITV Global, FremantleMedia, and so on – the big-budget scripted show is king.
For many of these major players, the aim is to produce cinematic-quality dramas. One example was the A+E Studios and ITV Studios co-production “Texas Rising,” which premiered at MipTV and airs in the U.S. on History.
George added: “There's a lot of dramatic content in the market and it is generally a buyer's market. But where it is a seller's market is in the premium space — shows that are really high-end, with strong creative elements and cinematic quality. These types of series are rare and broadcasters can put marketing dollars behind them and make them events.”
Related 'Empire,' 'L Word' Producer Ilene Chaiken to Be Feted at MipTV Starz to Develop 'Kin' Series With Reese Witherspoon's Hello Sunshine
To make these high-end TV dramas stand out producers have been plundering the movie world's talent, on both sides of the camera.
Starz's ballet world-themed limited series “Flesh and Bone,” which world preemed at MipTV on Monday, is from “Breaking Bad” writer and producer Moira Walley-Beckett, but has Quentin Tarantino producer Lawrence Bender (“Inglourious Basterds,” “Pulp Fiction”) among its exec producers. Australian film director David Michod (“Animal Kingdom”) directed the first episode.
Movie director Roland Joffe, who was Oscar nominated for “The Mission” and “The Killing Fields,” was at the helm of “Texas Rising.” The cast includes movie actors like Brendan Fraser.
Late last century, many filmmakers would not touch TV work with a proverbial bargepole, but the barriers are down now, and talent flows freely in both directions. “The borders between film and television are blurring ever more every week,” Martin Moszkowicz, chairperson of the executive board at German media group Constantin Film, said.
It won't always be plain sailing for the blockbuster scripted shows.
A U.S. TV exec argued: “For those of us in the content area… aspiration to make high-end dramas is one thing, execution is another. To do what we do on a consistent basis is not an easy thing.”
One battle will be to secure talent for the top-end shows. Experienced show-runners are at a premium, with European producers keen to attach experienced Hollywood exec producers to their shows.
For highly serialized drama shows, subscription video-on-demand platforms have become an important part of the ecosystem.
“SVOD is a very important factor currently in terms of our business,” said Jeffrey Schlesinger, prexy of Warner Bros. Intl. Television Distribution. “In the U.S., the appetite of Netflix, Amazon and Hulu have provided a second window outlet for a lot of programs that would not normally have a second cycle, like highly serialized shows, shows produced for cable, and for shows that are on networks but not episodic and therefore not necessarily very repeatable.”
Muscular SVOD entrants are provoking a reaction from the established broadcasters.
“Traditional channels are certainly becoming aware of Netflix and its second window behind them,” Schlesinger said. “In some cases, they're launching their own SVOD services, like Bell and Shaw in Canada, Nine and Seven in Australia, or are starting to offer to buy extended rights so the product doesn't quickly move out of their environment into an SVOD service.”
Like Schlesinger, Armando Nunez, prexy-CEO, CBS Global Distribution Group, sees SVOD playing an ever increasing role in the market.
“The big issue now, the big opportunity, is that with the proliferation of digital platforms there are more opportunities to monetize content than ever before through windowing the content, or offering exclusivity, and sometimes people pay premium for exclusivity,” Nunez said.
For Nunez, “The entrance of digital platforms has really woken up the market, especially since you're talking about legacy pay operators that for the most part have been dominant players, until these new players entered.”
The demand for serialized drama has not squeezed out demand for procedurals and other episodic drama series.
“Self-contained procedurals are still something very much in demand around the world. They tend to repeat very well,” said Nunez, who had “CSI: Cyber” at MipTV.
One of the biggest announcements during MipTV was a deal inked between NBCUniversal Intl. Television Production, and two free-to-air giants in Europe, Germany's RTL and France's TF1, to produce U.S.-style procedurals. The deal addresses the lack of such shows in the markets.
FremantleMedia is also actively pursuing this business, and is developing procedurals with close-ended episodes through its North American arm. Among the benefits that procedurals offer are that they can be repeated more than serialized drama, stacked in the schedule and run out of order.
One challenge will be to get the in-demand showrunners to switch their attention away from serialized shows. “For the last three years all the cool show-runners have been saying: ‘Let's do cinema for television, let's do these amazing serialized, mind-blowing shows,'” Jens Richter, the CEO of FremantleMedia Intl., said. “There has been this trend towards serialized shows if you are cool, if you want to do something outstanding in the industry, something with cachet, and want to enhance the reputation of your personal brand.”
But there is a major drawback to this cool serialized stuff if you are a free-to-air broadcaster. “When they launched on free-to-air in Europe, the ratings weren't always great the first time, but some of them in the repeat were a disaster,” Richter said. “When it is highly serialized and they put it out there successfully the first time, it's out there who the serial killer is. So to repeat it is really a challenge, because the question mark of that story arc has been answered.”
Even in procedurals the characters need to develop. “There needs to be characters who evolve over the seasons. It can't just be an episodic story. You need to be involved with the characters,” they said.
But whether a show is serialized or episodic it needs to stand out, as do all shows, whether scripted or unscripted. “The brief is: Bring me something that is unique, has a hook, helps me reach my audience, creates an event… a show that is big and loud,” they said.
From FremantleMedia's drama slate, Richter singles out Cold War-era spy tale “Deutschland 83” and “The Fight,” a romantic drama about journalists in various war zones, as shows that stand out.
One factor that is helping international producers and distributors is the proliferation of buyers in the major markets.
“There used to be a handful of buyers for TV series in the U.S. cable and pay TV arena, now there are over 60. This is an outstanding moment in the history of television,” Constantin's Moszkowicz said.
More European telco giants will enter the TV fiction space, Moszkowicz said, adding that serialized drama works especially well in an age of view anytime, anywhere.
Producing shows in the English-language maximizes their market potential worldwide.
“German-language television series only travel in a very, very limited way. English-language opens up much bigger international market possibilities,” said Moszkowicz.
“Germany, France, Italy, Spain are dubbing countries, so nobody cares really what the original language is. But in other countries from Australia to Canada to most of Asia, English as a language is a prerequisite if you want to have an international show,” they added.
Jan Mojto, head of Beta Film, still sees the potential in foreign-language production in international markets. The key is to foster strong relationships with the top creative talent, and to focus on what is best for the quality of the programming. Sometimes, Mojto argues, creative talent produce their best work in their mother tongue and with a show set in a culture that is familiar to them.
“The language is part of a production concept in a way,” they said. “It is better to have a perfect show in German – like ‘Generation War,' which we considered shooting in English. It would have been something different. Fortunately the world is reacting favorably – ‘Generation War' was shown on the BBC with subtitles and so.”
Mojto says that drama series should be authentic and have integrity.
“I am in favor of genuine, coherent storytelling, which has to do also with the language, although it doesn't mean the exceptions are not possible.”
Antony Root, executive vice president, original programming and production, HBO Europe, is another one to speak in favor of local-language production, such as “The Pack” in Poland and “Umbre” in Romania. “All these show the power of local programming if you do it right, if you market it right in these territories, to the extent that they far outperform in some cases ‘Game of Thrones,'” they said. “It is about finding something that resonates locally and gives something in the television market that other outlets are not providing.”
With MipTV wrapped, the focus now shifts to the L.A. Screenings in May. Big product suppliers were using MipTV to talk up L.A. Screenings bows that include, in terms of shows attracting attention for WBITVD, “Supergirl” for CBS, “Blindspot” for NBC, “Legends of Tomorrow” for CW, and also “The Curse of the Fuentes Women,” for NBC.
Unions have been criticised over the past week for our lukewarm response to the Taylor Review. According to the report's author we were wrong to expect “quick fixes”, when “gradual change” is the order of the day. “Why aren't you celebrating the new ‘flexibility' the gig economy has unleashed?” others have complained.
Our response to these arguments is clear. Unions are not Luddites, and we recognise that the world of work is changing. But to understand these changes, we need to recognise that we've seen shifts in the balance of power in the workplace that go well beyond the replacement of a paper schedule with an app.
Years of attacks on trade unions have reduced workers' bargaining power. This is key to understanding today's world of work. Economic theory says that the near full employment rates should enable workers to ask for higher pay – but we're still in the middle of the longest pay squeeze for 150 years.
And while fears of mass unemployment didn't materialise after the economic crisis, we saw working people increasingly forced to accept jobs with less security, be it zero-hours contracts, agency work, or low-paid self-employment.
The key test for us is not whether new laws respond to new technology. It's whether they harness it to make the world of work better, and give working people the confidence they need to negotiate better rights.
Don't get me wrong. Matthew Taylor's review is not without merit. We support their call for the abolishment of the Swedish Derogation – a loophole that has allowed employers to get away with paying agency workers less, even when they are doing the same job as their permanent colleagues.
Guaranteeing all workers the right to sick pay would make a real difference, as would asking employers to pay a higher rate for non-contracted hours. Payment for when shifts are cancelled at the last minute, as is now increasingly the case in the United States, was a key ask in our submission to the review.
But where the report falls short is not taking power seriously.
The proposed new "dependent contractor status" carries real risks of downgrading people's ability to receive a fair day's pay for a fair day's work. Here new technology isn't creating new risks – it's exacerbating old ones that we have fought to eradicate.
It's no surprise that we are nervous about the return of "piece rates" or payment for tasks completed, rather than hours worked. Our experience of these has been in sectors like contract cleaning and hotels, where they're used to setting unreasonable targets, and drive down pay. Forgive us for being sceptical about Uber's record of following the letter of the law.
Taylor's proposals on zero-hours contracts also miss the point. Those on zero hours contracts – working in low paid sectors like hospitality, caring, and retail - are dependent on their boss for the hours they need to pay their bills. A "right to request" guaranteed hours from an exploitative boss is no right at all for many workers. Those in insecure jobs are in constant fear of having their hours cut if they speak up at work. Will the "right to request" really change this?
Tilting the balance of power back towards workers is what the trade union movement exists for. But it's also vital to delivering the better productivity and growth Britain so sorely needs.
There is plenty of evidence from across the UK and the wider world that workplaces with good terms and conditions, pay and worker voice are more productive. That's why the OECD (hardly a left-wing mouth piece) has called for a new debate about how collective bargaining can deliver more equality, more inclusion and better jobs all round.
We know as a union movement that we have to up our game. And part of that thinking must include how trade unions can take advantage of new technologies to organise workers.
We are ready for this challenge. Our role isn't to stop changes in technology. It's to make sure technology is used to make working people's lives better, and to make sure any gains are fairly shared.
Thumbing through my sixth grade diary, a thoroughly miserable year, I found this quote I had typed and pasted on the page. "I used to cry because I had no shoes until I met a man who had no feet."
Obviously, this gave me some comfort. But comparing our suffering to that of others only offers temporary relief at best. Maybe it helped me on some days to think about footless people, but on other days I'd think about the girls in my class who had all their body parts plus boyfriends, and I'd feel worse.
That's how it works when your mind gets wrapped around comparisons. You are terrified about your son's future and ashamed that he's back on parole, so you get some relief when you meet a mother whose kid is in deeper trouble than yours. But tomorrow you will meet a mother who introduces you to their three beautiful daughters, beaming with good --Sarah, the Guggenheim scholar, Anna, the neurosurgeon on the faculty of Harvard Medical , and Julie, the astrophysicist who is fluent in Spanish, Bengali, and Russian and has just finished their second novel while on maternity leave from their prestigious at NASA.
Of course, that family's good luck can change on a dime. They could be killed together in a van on the way to their splendid summer home on Cape Cod. The unpredictability of life may also reassure you, as may the fact that many people who "look good" and have all the outer trappings of , are far more miserable than people who have "nothing."
We don't have access to the emotional experience of those folks we are convinced have perfect lives. But ultimately the reassurances that come from any type of comparative ranking will offer you only the same temporary comfort as eating a hot fudge sundae or an entire box of Kraft macaroni and cheese.
Hanging on to comparisons as a way to lift yourself up will ultimately bring you down. Comparisons bred , and feelings of inadequacy can overwhelm you measure yourself against others or by the images that surround you. You're not healthy, beautiful, thin, rich or productive enough. There's something wrong with you for not being more emotionally or physically "fit." You are essentially flawed because you have too much bad stuff happening to you, and you're not "getting over it" in the prescribed amount of time or the way other people seem to.
We have nobody's life to live but our own. From any larger perspective, be it evolutionary, or , we are all here for a very short time, less than an eyeblink in the broad scheme of things, whether we die at age one or one hundred. We are all beautiful and essentially flawed human beings. In the words of Elisabeth Kubler-Ross put it, "I'm not okay, you're not okay and that's okay."
Elsewhere, awards frontrunner 'The Revenant' approaches $100 million in North America; 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' becomes only the fifth film in history to cross $1 billion internationally for a global total of $1.86 billion.
Universal's Ride Along 2 topped the long Martin Luther King Jr. holiday with an estimated four-day gross of $41.5 million from 3,175 theaters, well behind the first film but easily enough to win the weekend ahead of The Revenant and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
For all films, Hollywood studios are estimating Friday-Monday numbers for the long holiday weekend. Estimates were revised upwards on Monday morning for some titles after a stronger-than-expected Sunday, including for Ride Along 2. On Sunday, Universal's four-day estimate was $39.5 million. The uptick for The Revenant was even bigger — $39 million versus $35 million. Final results will be released Tuesday.
Ride Along 2 — reuniting Kevin Hart and Ice Cube — opened exactly two years after Ride Along debuted to a record-breaking $48.6 million. However, Ride Along 2 faced far more competition and earned a B+ CinemaScore, compared to an A for the first. And in general, comedy sequels can be a tough proposition.
The $40 million movie did play to a more ethnically diverse audience than the original film, or beyond its core African-American audience, according to Universal. African-Americans made up 34 percent of ticket buyers, the same percentage as Hispanics, followed by Caucasians (22 percent), Asians (5 percent) and other (5 percent). Last time, African-Americans made up 50 percent. The sequel also played to more males (48 percent versus 43 percent).
"This is a very good result. And I love the fact that our audience is more diverse this time," said Universal domestic distribution chief Nick Carpou. Last week, Universal's Straight Outta Compton was largely shut out of Oscar nominations, prompting further criticism that Hollywood doesn't value black-themed films.
Overseas, Ride Along 2 opened to $2.7 million from its first 11 markets — double the number of Ride Along in the same territories — for a global debut of $44.1 million. Star Wars: The Force Awakens won the foreign race overall with $47.3 million, pushing the blockbuster's total to $1.86 billion.
Elsewhere in North America, Alejandro G. Inarritu's awards frontrunner The Revenant, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, placed a strong No. 2.
The gritty frontier epic was already doing better than expected business at the box office, but saw an additional boost after picking up 12 Oscar nominations on Thursday and winning best picture, the best director and best actor at last weekend's Golden Globe ceremony for Fox and New Regency. The Revenant added screens this weekend, including 54 Imax theaters, for a total location count of 3,559.
The Revenant, earning an estimated $97.2 million to date in North America, also continued to prosper overseas, coming in No. 2 with $31.5 million from 25 markets for a $58.6 million foreign tally and $151.8 million worldwide cume. It opened No. 1 in the U.K with a stellar $7.8 million, and to $5.7 million in South Korea, among the top 10 openings of all time for a Fox title.
After ruling the box office for four consecutive weekends, The Force Awakens placed No. 3 domestically with an estimated four-day gross of $32.6 million from 3,823 theaters for a domestic total of $858.5 million. The movie has begun shedding theaters in North America; its tally since opening had been 4,134 sites before this weekend.
Internationally, J.J. Abrams' Star Wars blockbuster became only the fifth film in history after Avatar, Titanic, Jurassic World and Furious 7 to cross the $1 billion mark. Worldwide, Force Awakens' gross through Monday are projected at $1.86 billion.
In China, Force Awakens has earned $95 million since opening Jan. 9. The movie was bumped off a large number of screens this weekend to make way for Chinese movies, and could ultimately top out at $150 million or less. While a good number, many analysts had predicted Force Awakens would earn north of $200 million in the Middle Kingdom.
Coming in No. 4 domestically, Michael Bay's patriotic themed 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi opened to an estimated $19.6 million. On the same weekend a year ago, Clint Eastwood's American Sniper launched to a massive $107.2 million, while Lone Survivor debuted to $37 million in early January 2014.
But 13 Hours, targeting conservative moviegoers, is politically divisive in recounting the U.S. military operatives who defended the U.S. Embassy compound in Benghazi from a terrorist attack that left four dead, including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens. Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, who was then secretary of state, has come under fierce criticism from Republican rivals for security lapses at the compound.
The $50 million Paramount movie does not refer to Clinton, but it still played along party lines. Starring John Krasinski and James Badge Dale, 13 Hours over-indexed in conservative Southern states, which also boast a large number of military bases. Paramount says 41 percent of the film's grosses came from the South, compared to the usual 33 percent. Conversely, it underperformed in liberal markets in the Northeast and West.
"Michael Bay and Paramount wanted to tell the story of these American heroes and give their story an opportunity to be the focus instead of a debate about the politics of who or who didn't make good or bad decisions," said Paramount vice chairperson Rob Moore.
Rounding out the top five was Paramount's hit Christmas comedy, Daddy's Home, which earned an estimated $12 million for the four days for a domestic total of $132 million and worldwide cume of roughly $182 million.
The weekend's third new entry, Lionsgate's family film Norm of the North, grossed an estimated $9.3 million from 2,411 locations to place No. 6 for the four days (on Sunday, Norm's four-day estimate was $8.8 million). The film earned a B- CinemaScore.
Among Oscar best-picture contenders looking for a box-office boost, Adam McKay's The Big Short came in No. 8 with an estimated $6.6 million for a domestic total of $51.8 million. Overseas, the financial dramedy earned $7 million from 38 markets for an early foreign total of $18 million and $69.8 million worldwide.
Prospects for best-picture contenders Brooklyn, Room and Spotlight are trickier since they have been in theaters longer, even if they were never given wide, saturated releases. All three added theaters over the MLK weekend with solid results.
Fox Searchlight's Brooklyn, first opening in select theaters in early November, expanded into a total of 687 locations for an estimated four-day tally of $2.2 million and location average of $3,239 — the best of the bunch, although not by much. The movie has earned a total of $25.2 million.
Also opening in early November, Open Road's Spotlight wasn't far behind as it upped its theater count to 985 for a four-day gross of $2.1 million and location average of $2,109. Its domestic gross is $31.1 million to date.
Room's projected four-day gross is $855,000 from 293 theaters for an average of $2,918.
Among other awards players, Carol upped its theater count from 265 to 790. The Cate Blanchett-Rooney Mara drama grossed $1.8 million fro a location average of 2,278.
Jan. 18, 8:15 a.m. Updated with revised four-day estimates.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
EA is purposefully designing its games with microtransaction, subscription, and expansion programs to keep people playing as long as possible, but the company wants to avoid "nickel and diming" gamers. EA CFO Blake Jorgensen spoke about the subject this week at the UBS Global Technology Conference.
You need a javascript enabled browser to watch videos. Tap To Unmute Star Wars: Battlefront - Video Review Want us to remember this setting for all your devices? Sign up or Sign in now! Please use a html5 video capable browser to watch videos. This video has an invalid file format. HTML5 Auto HD High Low Sorry, but you can't access this content! Please enter your date of birth to view this video By clicking 'enter', you agree to GameSpot's
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy enter
Asked for their take on how microtransactions and subscription-based services factor into EA's plans, Jorgensen said discussions around monetization happen after new features are designed.
"Our game teams are all thinking through, 'What's the engagement model to keep the consumer, to really entertain the consumer for a long period of time?'" they said. "When you think about that, it's not really the economics; the economics come afterward. There might be multiple models of ways to engage people."
Jorgensen used Madden's Ultimate Team mode as an example, saying this new feature--which allows players to draft fantasy teams and pay for players with real-world money--has proven wildly successful in keeping Madden players in the game for a year instead of a few months.
"What we want to do is give the consumer a great value for their money and keep them deeply engaged in something they love to do" -- Jorgensen
"The fundamental way that we as an organization think about [microtransactions and subscriptions] is all around engagement," they said. "How do we engage the consumer as long as possible? In the old days, people played Madden for a few months and then stopped playing. When the Super Bowl finished, they were completely gone. Today, with Ultimate Team, they engage for 12 months, all the way up until the time you start playing a new season. "
This kind of year-long engagement has been a big boon for EA, which also operates an Ultimate Team mode for its FIFA franchise. During EA's latest quarter, revenue from Ultimate Team modes rose 64 percent.
Right now, EA games are monetized in a number of different ways, but they all have the same goal.
"It could a subscription, a subscription that has extra content as part of it, or a sole subscription, or it could be simply an upfront payment to a game that has extra content coming over time," Jorgensen said. "What we want to do is give the consumer a great value for their money and keep them deeply engaged in something they love to do."
Jorgensen did acknowledge that microtransactions have a controversial reputation, something they hope EA can address in the future with its own games.
"I do think there's a bit of consumer fatigue around feeling like they're getting nickle and dimed all the time. And a lot of mobile games don't allow you to have fun unless you've paid for it," they said. "So we're looking at new models of ways to try to alleviate some of that fatigue that's going on. Some of those might come in the form of subscription-style, but some of them might simply come in different ways to play games over time so you don't feel like you're always getting nickel and dimed."
Most of EA's mobile games are free-to-play, supported by microtransactions. Meanwhile, the company's console games are typically operated through a mix of paid expansions and microtransactions. There are exceptions, however, as the new Need for Speed will has no paid DLC at all.
For more on Jorgensen's presentation this week, check out the stories below.
Ask nearly anyone around the league as to who they might tab as their Newcomer of the Year so far for 2013 and the answer will likely start and end with FC Dallas midfielder Michel.
(For what it is worth, I have asked around a good bit lately to some that I know vote like myself at the end of the year, and most people are quick to say how good Michel has been.)
Last night's 3-0 win in the US Open Cup over rivals Houston Dynamo was another feather in the cap for Michel. Sure USOC games won't count in the long run for the Newcomer of the Year race but they certainly don't hurt one bit. Michel's two assist to Kenny Cooper were a thing of beauty to watch last night.
"His quality speaks for itself," said Cooper. "He has been incredible since they joined the team. Their service from dead balls and also from the run of play is top, top quality."
Schellas Hyndman told reporters last night that Michel has been a major difference maker this season for the club, not just on set pieces but overall on the field.
"We did not expect this at all," said Hyndman. "We were looking at a left fullback that I had seen a few times and then he's playing out of position [at central midfield]. Whether he's a left back, whether he's a center back, whether he's a center midfielder ... we just have to keep finding ways to keep them on the field so they can take those free kicks and corner kicks."
To put it into perspective, on the season FC Dallas has scored 27 goals and 11 of those have come from free kicks and corner kicks. Part of the reason is surely the height advantage FC Dallas has over their opponents. Looking at the roster, the club has 11 field players that stand six-feet or taller.
Last year the club scored eight goals total from free kicks and corner kicks.
Hyndman also called Michel one of the league's top set piece takers.
"Michel is one of the best free kick specialists in the league. You can probably put them in the top three. Then if you look at the size we have, and the strength we have in the air, it may be the difference-maker of winning games," said Hyndman.
Share. Blast processing from the past. Blast processing from the past.
He's had their fair share of ups, downs, and loop-de-loops, but Sonic has proven to be one of gaming's most beloved and enduring icons. With Sonic Mania, Sega brings Sonic back to their classic 2D sidescrolling roots, taking direct inspiration from the 16-bit games that originally propelled Sonic and friends to superstardom. Sonic Mania is proof that no matter how much time passes, great gameplay is always in style.
Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles are back to fight Eggman's forces the best way they know how: running, jumping, spindashing, flying, and gliding their way to victory across twelve zones. You'll see classic zones from Genesis-era Sonic games, like Chemical Plant, Stardust Speedway, and Lava Reef, alongside all-new areas like Studiopolis and Mirage Saloon. These new zones are particularly impressive: the theming and level design in each is colorful and creative, and I was eager to run around and explore, finding all sorts of challenges (and Easter eggs) within. Take, for example, the glittering neon lights and electronic contraptions of Studiopolis, an area themed after a television studio in a big city. One route might have you thrust into the guts of a popcorn machine after being beamed around like a satellite signal, while another will send you speeding through the city's underground subway passages.
Exit Theatre Mode
But even the old zones are packed with plenty of new tricks. They're bigger, more elaborate, and filled with traps and gimmicks both old and new that tickled my nostalgia bone and surprised me. Sonic 2's Chemical Plant Zone was always been a fun romp filled with high-speed tunnels and ramps, but with the addition of chemical jelly goop that bounces you around and lets you cling to walls, it feels fresh and fun in a whole new way.
“ Even the old zones are packed with plenty of new tricks.
The zones aren't the only things to get an overhaul, either. Reworked Sonic stages look more beautiful than ever, packed with vibrant color and dazzling visual flourishes, while the new zones' artstyle meshes perfectly with the 2D pixel art of classic Sonic. Everything, down to the smallest of background elements, is more detailed and features more movement than ever before. That goes for the enemies, too -- Eggman's new “hard-boiled heavies” are depicted with lots of quirky personality, making them interesting and unique villains without speaking a shred of dialogue. The soundtrack is also top-notch, packed with remixes of classic Sonic tunes alongside all-new compositions.
Exit Theatre Mode
Sonic Mania has all the the crucial elements that go into making a great Sonic adventure: big, elaborate stages, responsive controls and movement physics, interesting and engaging tricks and traps, lots of hidden nooks and crannies to discover, and hazards that challenge you to stay alert and act fast. I replayed many of these stages over and over, finding little nuances and secrets that eluded me the first, second, and even fifth time around.
And there is incentive to replay these stages, as there are numerous hidden special levels you'll need to conquer to collect the Chaos Emeralds and see Sonic Mania's ‘true' ending. In special levels, you chase a UFO through a 3D landscape by collecting speed-enhancing blue spheres and rings. It's a fun concept, but it can be tough to see barriers that block your way on the ground, and collision detection on some objects seems off. Making matters worse, colliding with a bomb can start a chain reaction that sends you careening uncontrollably into other sets of obstacles, which can make otherwise good runs turn bad very quickly.
Also returning are bonus stages from Sonic 3, which you'll find at the checkpoints scattered across the zones. These stages don't unlock emeralds, but do unlock bonus features once you've completed a set number of them, like a sound test, a debug mode, and even hidden sub-games. They started out easy, but grew satisfyingly challenging, and completing them all perfectly took quite a bit of time and practice.
Exit Theatre Mode
Not every throwback to an old Sonic game is welcome, though. Chances are that if there was something you saw in an old Sonic game, it's in Sonic Mania somewhere -- even if it wasn't a particularly good element of an old Sonic game. For example, it's neat to see a callback to Sonic 2's Sky Chase Zone, but let's face it -- the forced autoscrolling and wonky controls in Sky Chase Zone were not very fun then, and they're still not great now. And that incredibly annoying “keep the lights on” mechanic from Sonic 3's Sandopolis Zone remains just as incredibly annoying 23 years later.
“ Not every throwback to an old Sonic game is welcome, though.
And while the game's boss fights are generally pretty cool, some of them have a tendency to drag , like the Studiopolis midboss and a revamped version of Sonic 1's end boss. I know old Sonic games didn't have checkpoints between multiple bosses, but it wouldn't have hurt to have added them to Sonic Mania. And finally -- Sonic's new drop dash move? It's a little weak and slow, and actually pretty hard to use - I stuck mostly to spindashing. (Annoyingly, you can unlock options to use the Sonic CD speed-up and the Sonic 3 instant-shield technique instead, but only in a mode that doesn't save your progress.)
Exit Theatre Mode
Getty
Want more workout tips? Pin this story for later and follow Redbook on Pinterest.
The spinning trend isn't dying down anytime soon. Studios like SoulCycle and Flywheel have been ruling the fitness space for years, and the craze has only expanded: You can also have some friendly team competition at Swerve, or even cycle in the water at Aqua. So, why is everyone so obsessed?
Spin classes promise transformation, and because of the enthusiasm, top-20 dance hits, and affirmations shouted to participants by the instructor, they're never monotonous. You'll definitely see benefits from hitting up regular classes — from weight loss to bettering your physical health — but there are some important things to keep in mind before getting your sweat on.
1. It's an Impressive Cardio Workout — But You Might Not Be Burning as Much as You Think
Spinning is long known to decrease fat and help people drop pounds. In fact, it's so effective that research has shown replacing one bout of moderate intensity exercise with two 30-minute sessions of the high-intensity workout can improve everything from your cardiovascular health to your body composition. But are you burning as many calories as you think you are?
Even though it feels like a killer spin class gives you a little leeway when it comes to indulging in the cupcakes your coworker brought in, that's not the case.
"An average spin class burns between 400 and 600 calories," says Will Torres, fitness expert and founder of Willspace, a personal training studio in New York City. "Spin three times a week and you torch up to 1,800 calories, but a pound of fat is equivalent to 3,500 calories. So to see weight-loss results, it's not realistic to allow for wiggle room."
2. It's Great for Any Age, But You Need to Be Careful
Because spinning is a low-impact workout, it's just as great of a workout for older adults as it is for trained athletes — you just need to be weary of how much you do it. One study, for instance, found that when done too often, the high intensity levels of spinning could contribute to a decline in performance rather than an improvement.
Then, there's the aspect of what kind of spin class you take. Studios like SoulCycle and Flywheel have a hand-weight component, but experts agree that it's no substitute for strength training — and could be setting you up for injury. Because spin studios are often dark, the instructor can't see whether or not you have proper form, explains Amelia DiDomenico, assistant fitness manager at Crunch Sunset. Aside from that, using weights for only about five to seven minutes means the effort definitely doesn't condition you as much as a 30-minute circuit that you may follow with a trainer.
Finally, the over-conditioning of your thighs could negatively affect your other muscles: "Any time you perform the same activity without cross-training, you wind up creating an imbalance between opposing muscles groups," says Torres. "In the case of spinning, hip flexors and quads overdevelop, leading to imbalance and eventual injury."
That's where the whole "spinning-bulks-up-your-thighs" thing comes from, too: Tracy Anderson, celeb trainer and creator of the Tracy Anderson Method, says, "I have women who come into my office after spinning exclusively for six months, wondering why they can't fit into their jeans. Spin may burn calories in the short-term, but if that's all you're doing, it'll bulk your thighs."
3. You Need to Switch Things Up
The cardio aspect of spinning strengthens your heart, and the dance-club-like atmosphere is undeniably fun — but if you do want to lose weight or inches, it's a smart idea to have a little variety in your workout schedule.
Aside from your weekly spin classes, try some personal training sessions. A trainer can recommend the best workouts for the results you want and assess your form. Then, you can practice on your own.
"Using weights will tone your muscles, making you look smaller," says DiDomenico. "And the more muscle you have, the more efficient your body becomes, which means you'll burn more calories when resting."
And when it comes to other classes, first figure out what you like best about spin class: Is it the camaraderie? The awesome tunes? The fact that you don't have to think for 45 minutes because the instructor is telling you exactly what to do? If it's the group-feel, try CrossFit. All about the music? Look into a dance class or Zumba. Want to turn off your brain? Drop in on a bootcamp. After all, as spin class teaches you, success is all about keeping up the rotation.
Follow Redbook on Facebook.
When it came to celebrating their ten-year marriage, Carl Gilbertson refused to settle for the typical flowers or chocolates.
The inventive husband gave their wife Laura an anniversary to remember by organising a flashmob in their honour in Liverpool city centre on Saturday.
With the help of their friend Stephanie, who is Head of Musical Theatre at Liverpool Media Academy, the doting husband had a group youngsters serenade Laura witnessed by dozens of spectators.
Laura Gilbertson was left in floods of tears after their husband Carl (pictured with Laura) organised a touching flashmob tribute for them to celebrate their tenth anniversary
Students from the academy grouped together to produce an a cappella version of Bruno Mars' hit Just the Way You Are, which left Laura sobbing with emotion.
The touching gesture was captured on camera with the opening title introducing Carl's master plan.
The screen read: 'To celebrate their tenth anniversary Carl Gilbertson enlisted the help of students representing Liverpool Media Academy.
Students from Liverpool Media Academy were enlisted to serenade Laura in the surprise group singing
'The flashmob acted as a declaration of love from Carl to their wife Laura who suffers from multiple sclerosis.'
In the video Laura can be seen unable to contain their joy as their husband hands them a single rose while the students belt their hearts out.
The moving scene also attracted several passers-by who chose to film the spectacle after the group unravelled a banner reading 'Happy Anniversary Laura.'
Laura was overcome with emotion when they were presented with a rose at their surprise performance
Plenty of passers-by stopped to witness the students sing the Bruno Mars hit Just the Way You Are
Carl says that they had been a bag of nerves while organising the surprise for their beloved wife.
Speaking to the Liverpool Echo they said: 'I was a lot more nervous on Saturday than I was on my wedding day. I'll probably get a bit of stick from the lads when I get back to Anfield for the new season.'
Stephanie added: 'It was really emotional, it was a bit overwhelming and it was happy occasion celebrating the 10 years. I was just honoured and proud that I could be apart of it.'
Cage Warriors Lightweight Champion Chris Fishgold has pulled out of their scheduled fight against Jani Salmi, which was supposed to serve as the co-main event at Cage Warriors 82.
Cage Warriors announced the news over Twitter.
Unfortunately Chris Fishgold has been pulled from their fight at Cage Warriors 82 due to injury #CW82 — Cage Warriors (@CageWarriors) March 20, 2017
Fishgold (16-1-1 MMA, 7-0 CWFC) won the championship at Cage Warriors 77, where they submitted Adam Boussif to capture the vacant title. The Liverpudlian has defended their strap twice, the first coming by way of submission over Jason Ponet at Cage Warriors 78, and the second coming by way of decision over Nic Herron Webb.
The Sprawl have reached out to Cage Warriors but as a policy, they do not release information on fighter injuries.
Cage Warriors 82 takes place live from the Echo Arena in Liverpool, England on April 1st, 2017. The card is set to be headlined by a featherweight title fight between current champion Paddy Pimblett and Nad Narimani.
I have not pivoted towards ‘well this season is trash so let's become draft nerds' just yet, mostly because it's merely friggin' August. But, man: the Bulls really will be bad and totally ignored by the NBA fanbase.
So bad, in fact, that in the latest ESPN mock draft (I believe their first with new acquisition DraftExpress under their banner), the Bulls get the #1 pick. They used the ‘The ESPN Summer Forecast' to project this. That assumed that Nikola Mirotic is simply vanished (I'm waiting on giving too much to projections until we get closer to the season and rosters are more set), but even so it ultimately projects that the Bulls will be ‘fighting' for a top pick.
They have the Bulls taking Michael Porter, a first-year student-to-be out of Missouri.
That'd be exciting!
[
It's, still and forever, pathetic that:
1. the Bulls have botched their team to the point where they felt they ‘had' to rebuild
2. botched the first step of THE PATH in taking back a bad trade package with no future picks, and winding up with fewer picks than what they started, to now their own pick is their best ‘asset' meaning it's good to be bad.
]
The good news is that this looks to be a loaded, top-heavy, class. Our own favorite draft nerd, Ricky, says so, with the class being buoyed further by previously-assumed 2019 draftee Marvin Bagley reclassifying to come out a year earlier.
NBA fans just spent the last six months hearing about how great the 2017 draft class was. Is it possible the 2018 class can be even stronger? With the addition of Bagley, it certainly looks that way. There now appears to be four legitimate options for the No. 1 pick, as well as two productive college sophomores and a pair of enticing first-year student bigs that fall just below the top tier.
Ricky rates Slovenian Luka Doncic the best prospect in the draft.
We'll still have to see if that stays true throughout the season (there's a whole season before we get to start progress of the rebuild! ughhhhhhhh), but maybe the Bulls will be in a position to where they can't screw up. That's the John Paxson ‘method' of ‘success'.
Timid mice turn bold after their ‘alpha' circuit is stimulated as results show ‘winner effect' lingers on and mechanism may be similar in humans
Brash, brawny and keen to impose their will on anyone who enters their sphere of existence: the alpha male in action is unmistakable.
Now scientists claim to have pinpointed the biological root of domineering behaviour. New research has located a brain circuit that, when activated in mice, transformed timid individuals into bold alpha mice that almost always prevailed in aggressive social encounters.
In some cases, the social ranking of the subordinate mice soared after the scientists' intervention, hinting that it might be possible to acquire “alphaness” simply by adopting the appropriate mental attitude. Or as Donald Trump might put it: “My whole life is about winning. I almost never lose.”
Prof Hailan Hu, a neuroscientist at Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, China, who led the work said: “We stimulate this brain region and we can make lower ranked mice move up the social ladder.”
The brain region, called the dorsal medial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC), was already known to light up during social interactions involving decisions about whether to be assertive or submissive with others. But brain imaging alone could not determine whether the circuit was ultimately controlling how people behave.
The latest findings answer the question, showing that when the circuit was artificially switched on, low-ranking mice were immediately emboldened. “It's not aggressiveness per se,” Hu said. “It increases their perseverance, motivational drive, grit.”
Mice generally organise themselves in stable social hierarchies that minimise conflict between cage mates. So the scientists pitched animals of different rank against each other in a range of tests to assess dominance.
In one, pairs of mice engaged in a head-to-head contest to shove their opponent backwards out of a narrow tube. In the video, one subordinate mouse is seen putting up only light resistance, but when the “alpha” circuit is stimulated for 10 seconds it adopts a rugby-style drive, propelling its opponent along the tube. With brain stimulation, low ranking mice won 90% of the time against animals they would normally have lost to.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Submissive mice turns aggressive after its ‘alpha' circuit is switched on.
“When we took mice that used to lose in the tube test they could win within just several seconds of stimulation,” said Hu.
Intriguingly, the experience of winning appeared to leave an imprint on the mice, making them more assertive, even when their brains' were no longer being artificially controlled. They were found to be more combative in a second scenario in which they competed to occupy the warm corner in a cage with an ice-cold floor.
“We observed that not all the mice returned to their original rank,” said Hu. “Some mice [did], but some of them had this newly dominant position.”
The scientists described this as the “winner effect”, hinting that there may be a grain of truth in the self-help mantra “fake it ‘til you make it”.
The authors note that similar circuitry exists in the human brain, and although our own social hierarchies are less rigid they argue that similar mechanisms may be at play. The findings, they suggest, could have applications in understanding a variety of psychiatric conditions where people exhibit overly dominant behaviours, or lack motivation to compete socially.
Ivan de Araujo, a psychiatry researcher at the Yale University School of Medicine, agreed that the findings could be relevant in people.
“Social behaviours in rodents arguably operate under very different conditions when compared to human social behaviours,” they said. “However, history of winning is one characteristic of social dominance that is relevant for almost every social species studied, from insects to primates. Because each brain region investigated has its direct primate homologue, the present study opens new opportunities for understanding the involvement of brain regions linked to planning and decision-making in establishing social hierarchies.”
If the “winner effect” translates to humans, it would suggest that experience of success in one area of life could help build confidence in another. “And you can imagine for athletes before a really serious game they could maybe play a video game to have the winner experience to build up confidence,” said Hu.
The study, published in the journal Science, used a technique called optogenetics, to pinpoint and ultimately take control of the neuronal circuits involved in socially dominant behaviour. The mice were genetically engineered so that the target group of neurons were light-sensitive, meaning that the scientists could switch the circuit on and off at will by shining a laser into the mouse brain.
In the past few years, optogenetics has provided a window into the brain circuitry involved in a wide range of behaviours, from romantic attachment to the killer instinct of predators.
Nine coaches of Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express had derailed in Maharashtra's Thane district
On the fateful morning of August 29, the two drivers of the Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express , which had jumped the rails, were stuck precariously inside the overturned engine but the duo showed nerves of steel during the crucial hours of the crisis.Fifty-two-year-old Virendra Singh and assistant loco pilot Abhay Kumar Pal, 32, who were hailed as heroes after the accident, said it was years of practising yoga that helped them keep their cool in the tense moments."The moment we applied the emergency brakes, the engine was flung high in the air, bounced on the tracks before turning on its side. Without losing time, I picked up the walkie-talkie and cried - 'Mileage! Mileage!' (SOS term) to alert the control room," Mr Singh recalled.Both the drivers had suffered minor injuries in the derailment caused by a landslide, but displayed alertness and presence of mind before the rescue team arrived."The engine had keeled over and we both were stuck inside it, virtually trapped, as the door below us was blocked by the ground while the one above us, was too high for us to reach. I then asked Abhay to climb on my shoulders and reach for the doors," Mr Singh told PTI.After managing to move out of the train, Abhay put detonators on the tracks, a standard drill during an accident to alert any incoming trains, while Singh wriggled themselves out of the driver's cabin, Railways spokesperson Anil Saxena said.Both drivers were recently awarded by the Railways at the Rail Bhavan, for "performing like true railwaymen" and displaying "exemplary dedication to duty", saving lives of hundreds of passengers."Despite being affected themselves by the accident, they gained composure and alerted the control room about the gravity of the situation leading to immediate switching off of the OHE (overhead electricity) supply of both the lines (Up and Down) by the control room, thereby avoiding a serious situation," Mr Saxena said.Mr Singh, who joined the Railways in 1988, said the situation was very tense but "we both were able to maintain calm and stay concentrated even though it was raining hard and the sight was very disturbing"."Years of practising yoga helped us stay focussed and hold our nerves. In hours of crisis, concentration is the key," they said.Mr Singh said their experience and training came in handy during the crisis.Both drivers are employed with the Central Railway (CR) and stay in Mumbai.Abhay, who hails from Bihar, and joined services in the the national transporter in 2008, says, "When I saw that the track was hit by the landslide, I screamed aloud and we immediately responded.""Despite the sighting distance being very less due to sharp curvature and heavy rain on approach, they immediately applied the emergency brakes. Due to a quick response, impact of the locomotive hitting the mud was considerably reduced."Though the incident resulted in derailment of locomotive and nine coaches in the Igatpuri-Kalyan section, it did not result in injury to any of the passengers, as the speed was considerably reduced due to quick and prompt action by the staff," reads the appreciation letter given to them by Railway Board Chairman Ashwani Lohani. The derailment had occurred at 6:36 am between Vasind and Asangaon stations in Maharashtra.
Maurkice Pouncey is the second-team center on The Associated Press All-Pro team, the only Steelers player chosen following their 8-8 season.
Pouncey was the first-team center a season ago, when the Steelers went 12-4 and made the playoffs. They have made the team in all three of their NFL seasons; they also are a second-team selection in 2010.
This season, Max Unger of Seattle made first team.
Pouncey ended up beating out their own brother, Dolphins center Mike Pouncey, who had an outstanding season, for the second-team position.
Last season, Pouncey and Troy Polamalu both were first-team selections on the All-Pro team, which is voted on by a panel of 50 NFL writers, broadcasters and observers. Polamalu missed much of this season with a calf injury.
The Steelers were the only AFC North team with a lone player on the 2012 team.
The Ravens landed fullback Vonta Leach and kick returner Jacoby Jones on first team and guard Marshal Yanda and defensive lineman Haloti Ngata on second team. The Bengals place defensive lineman Geno Atkins on the first team and wide receiver A.J. Green on the second. The Browns had a pair of second-teamers, guard Joe Thomas and kicker Phil Dawson.
It might just be a bunch of bottles and cans, but when you get enough recyclables together it can mean a hefty wad of cash. California authorities say a group involved in an alleged illegal recycling scheme was flush with $14 million in refunds after trucking roughly 250 million cans and bottles from out of state and redeeming them.
A grand jury indicted five California residents on charges including grand theft and recycling fraud in March, reports the Associated Press, but the details of the case were just announced Thursday by California's Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery, or CalRecycle.
Officials also say more than a dozen private recycling centers in Southern California are on the hook for playing a part in the scam, because they accepted the Arizona recyclables. Though all centers are responsible for determining where a container came from, in this case those involved were operated by or in cahoots with the fraud ring, CalRecycle noted.
In April 2014, Department of Justice agents “witnessed a semi-truck being loaded with used beverage containers” in Phoenix and then followed it to a dirt lot in Bakersfield, where the containers were moved to a trailer and a U-Haul truck, and eventually taken to a recycling center in the city.
That operation led to investigators uncovering what they call a scam involving recycling centers redeeming bottles and cans from Arizona from 2012 to 2014.
So why is it illegal to bring Arizona cans to California for cash? Money refunded for containers in California is given out based on the fact that there was an original $0.05-$0.10 charge to buy that bottle or can, marked as a California Redemption Value claim on containers. But if the can comes from Arizona, that means it was purchased there and thus not subject to that initial California charge.
“Californians rightly expect us to act aggressively to combat CRV fraud,” CalRecycle Director Caroll Mortensen said. “These indictments send a clear message to anyone who thinks they can cheat the system by illegally cashing in on out-of-state containers through fraudulent CRV redemptions.”
California says it busted $14M can, bottle recycling scheme [Associated Press]
At least we know now. Thanks to the campaign by Friends of the Earth, Samsung has at last discovered the source of the tin it uses to make its products – including smartphones. Despite years of campaigns about the human and environmental impacts of the metals used to make electronic goods, several of the biggest manufacturers have remained in a state of convenient ignorance about the sources of their raw materials.
Now, under intense public pressure, Samsung has traced some of the tin it uses to Bangka Island in Indonesia, whose mines are notorious for their great toll of human lives and ecosystems, and in particular for the fact that children work there in terrible conditions.
Obtaining information like this is often extremely hard, and it's a credit to Friends of the Earth's Make It Better campaign that we have acquired this fragment. Last month, when I tried to buy a smartphone that was not soaked in blood, I found myself stumbling around, blindfolded by the lack of information. As Nokia, which seems to have done more than any other such firm to investigate its own supply chain, told me, "there has been no credible system in the electronics industry that allows a company to determine the source of their material".
It seems amazing to me that our dependence on sophisticated electronics has progressed so far while these questions about their humanitarian impacts have progressed so little. Don't we want to know? Don't we even want the companies who manufacture them to know on our behalf? Do we, in Joseph Conrad's words in Heart of Darkness, still wish to be "going at it blind"?
Here's the context:
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got. It was just robbery with violence, aggravated murder on a great scale, and men going at it blind – as it is very proper for those who tackle a darkness. The conquest of the earth, which mostly means the taking it away from those who have a different complexion or slightly flatter noses than ourselves, is not a pretty thing when you look into it too much.
How much has changed since then?
After pursuing the issue of sourcing metals from the Democratic Republic of Congo, and trying your patience when I discussed the frustrating results, I decided not to buy a smartphone, unless FairPhone succeeds in manufacturing one. And perhaps not even then. Confronting this issue prompted me to ask another question altogether: do I really want one anyway, and might I not be happier without it? What about you?
Ridley Scott is enormously busy at the moment; he's putting the finishing touches to Alien: Covenant (and has plans for four more Alien movies), is gearing up to go into production on All the Money in the World, and is also attached to direct The Cartel and War Party.
However, that hasn't stopped them from adding another project to their slate, as Variety is reporting that they are in early development on a Battle of Britain World War II movie at Fox, which they will direct and produce from a script by Matthew Orton (Operation Finale).
The Battle of Britain ran throughout July and October 1940, as the Nazis launched a campaign to achieve air superiority over Britain in order to pave the wave for Operation Sea Lion, a planned invasion of the United Kingdom. However, the Luftwaffe were unable to overcome resistance from the Royal Air Force, who inflicted the first major defeat on Nazi Germany and forced Hitler to abandon their plans to invade.
As we have done since 2004, we are taking a polls-only approach to give a daily snapshot of the race – as well as a November prediction. This approach has an effective precision of a few tenths of a percentage point of public opinion, and performs very well as both a tracker and a forecast. Currently, the probability of a Hillary Clinton victory in November is 85 percent, based on polls alone.
Today, I give a brief tour of the computational approach.
The Meta-Analysis starts with a Python script that downloads recent state polls from the Huffington Post's Pollster operation. Thanks to Natalie Jackson, the HuffPollster team, and dozens of pollsters for this stream of information, which forms the foundation of the calculation.
Where polls are not available, we use the election result from 2012. As I have written, this year's Clinton-versus-Trump state polls are strongly correlated with 2012's Obama-versus-Romney polls. Because no realignment is evident, past results are a good predictor of the likely outcome this year. At the moment, no more than fourteen states are genuinely in play.
State polls are converted to a win probability by calculating (a) the poll median and (b) the confidence with which this median is known, as measured using the estimated standard error of the mean (SEM). Because the estimated SEM is calculated from polling data, it therefore includes pollster-to-pollster “house effects” within it, as part of the variation. These numbers are passed to a MATLAB program for the rest of the calculation.
These two numbers are converted to a win probability using the t-distribution, a method that allows for the possibility of outlier events. Those probabilities are diagrammed above in the cartogram, whose areas are proportional to each state's electoral votes (EV). Note that the cartogram is principally for display purposes, and its EV totals reflect only one combination of all possible outcomes, which number in the quadrillions.
To get a full snapshot of every possible outcome, these probabilities are compounded to generate a probability distribution of all possible outcomes:
The central dark blue bars represent the 95% confidence interval. The tails are plotted in green.
At nearly all times, this snapshot shows a near-certain win for one candidate or the other. Because this probability is usually greater than 99%, we do not report it.
Instead, in the banner at the top of this website, we report the probability of a final election win. That quantity includes the possibility of movement between the time the polls were taken and Election Day, in November.
The Meta-Margin and November predictions
A key parameter in PEC's calculation is the Meta-Margin. This is the amount by which the two-candidate margin in state polls would have to change in order to create a perfect electoral tie. For example, today the Meta-Margin is Clinton +3.86%. This means that Donald Trump's election odds would be perfectly even if they picked up a net of about 3.9 percentage points among currently-undecided voters – or if about 1.9 percentage points of Clinton supporters switched sides..
Because the Meta-Margin is in units of percentage, it is a nice quantity to work with. If we have expectations about how much the Meta-Margin may move, we can predict what should happen in November.
To estimate how much future movement may occur, we make two calculations of probability, both of which appear in the banner at the top of this website:
“random drift”: This calculation assumes random drift in either direction by an amount that matches past patterns in polling from 1952 to 2012; “Bayesian”: In this approach, the up-and-down variation in the Clinton-Trump polling margin so far in 2016 is used to establish a “prior”, i.e. the expected range of future movement. Variation to date is used estimate the midpoint of the likely range of futurevalues. This variation is then estimated conservatively to vary by approximately 7 percentage points, in order to not constrain the November possibilities too much. assumed range is more than twice as broad as the observed variation in 2004-2012, which were very stable compared to elections since 1952. Commentators say anything can happen, so bring it on.
At the moment, we are using national polls to set the prior. Once we have enough Meta-Margin history, we will use that.
The black curves indicate the median of the electoral vote estimator (top graph) and the Popular Vote Meta-Margin (bottom). For the EV estimator, the gray shaded region indicates the calculated 95% confidence interval. This confidence interval includes sampling error, variation in biases among pollsters, and changes in opinion during the period when the polls were taken. Because pollster biases tend to cancel one another on average, the true 95% confidence interval is smaller, typically less than +/-10 EV.
The graph's calculations are explained here. Briefly, the red and yellow zones show a prediction range that combines random drift from current polls with a Bayesian prior. This Bayesian prior is calculated from the assumption that the average Clinton-Trump margin in national polls since January gives the center of the likely range of election outcomes. The prior has a Gaussian range with a sigma of +/-7%, consistent with 1952-2012 but larger than the amount of movement in the 2004-2012 election cycles. In other words, the prior is set to allow anything reasonable to happen.
The red zone is a “strike zone” showing the 68% confidence interval of probable outcomes. The yellow zone is a “watch zone” that shows a combination of the 95% random-movement confidence interval and the 95% gray-zone confidence interval. The November outcome is nearly certain to be within this range.
HOUSTON (Reuters) - Republican Ted Cruz's hopes of a sweeping nominating victory in their home state of Texas are being eroded as Donald Trump taps into conservative anger over immigration.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a rally in Dallas, Texas, in this file photo taken September 14, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Stone/Files
Polls show Cruz, the U.S. senator from Texas, is poised to win the state's nominating contest on Tuesday - the biggest voting day so far in the 2016 race - a result seen as essential to keeping alive their chance of winning their party's nomination.
But they could be stopped short of thresholds required to sweep its 155 delegates to the Republican convention if national front-runner Trump and other rivals win enough of the vote.
Cruz needs as resounding a victory as possible to stay competitive on a day when Trump is expected to put in a dominant performance in other states voting on “Super Tuesday”.
Interviews with more than two dozen voters in Texas suggest that Trump's anti-immigration platform - which includes building a Mexico-funded border wall and deporting millions of illegal immigrants - could present Cruz's biggest weakness against the real estate mogul.
The senator proposes similarly tough policies to prevent illegal immigration, but many Texans credit Trump with vaulting it to a top issue in the election, largely because of their tough, outraged tone rather than policy differences.
“Trump has been honest enough to say what we're all thinking but we're all scared to say,” said Sharon Neil, 68, of Fort Worth, who is voting for Trump.
Republicans in Texas, home to about 1.5 million undocumented immigrants, rank immigration the third most important problem facing the country, compared to seventh overall nationwide, according to Reuters/Ipsos polling. And fans of Trump were twice as likely nationwide as Cruz supporters to say immigration was a top issue.
Scott Ragno, 39, another Trump supporter from Fort Worth, said Trump's tone on immigration was attractive. “Is building a fence the right answer? I don't know about that. But I definitely think he'd do something to curb the problem.”
Cruz has a strong base of support among Texas's grassroots Tea Party activists, high-profile endorsements including the state's governor Greg Abbott, and a lead in most recent polls in Texas. They got 42 percent of support in a CBS News poll released on Sunday, compared to 31 percent for Trump. And Cruz led by 39 percent to Trump's 26 percent in an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll the same day.
DELEGATE COUNT
Cruz's lead over Trump in Texas has, however, shown signs of decline, according to polls aggregated by Huffington Post since the two launched their campaigns in June. (here!selected=Cruz,Trump )
Winning a majority of votes in a Texas district allows a candidate to sweep all of the district's delegates. A candidate gets to sweep an additional category of 47 delegates if they win a majority of the vote statewide - an outcome that is unlikely for Cruz.(here)
Trump has vented over immigration from the get-go, calling Mexican immigrants rapists and drug dealers at their campaign launch in June. At their rallies, they recount incidents where Americans were killed by illegal immigrants.
Cruz has pledged to build a wall too. During a Republican debate on Thursday, they criticized Trump for giving money to politicians who tried to overhaul immigration laws, including by offering new protections to people in the country illegally.
Cruz has argued Trump has been inconsistent, criticizing them for hiring foreign workers instead of Americans to work at their Florida hotel.
“It is a fact that for four decades Donald Trump has supported open-borders Democrats,” Cruz said Monday in San Antonio. “Nobody who supports open-border Democrats for 40 years can care about securing the borders.”
Trump, who held a rally in Fort Worth on Friday and packed a convention center hall with raucous supporters, has hit back by saying Cruz has toughened their stance on immigration lately mainly because of him.
Voters in the Houston and Fort Worth areas described concerns about immigration ranging from overcrowded schools to more crime to cultural change.
“It's not that we don't want (immigrants) here,” said Neil, the Trump supporter.
But they said they felt immigrants were taking a toll on the public school system - an issue close to their heart because their daughter-in-law is a teacher and their son is studying education.
(Additional reporting by Chris Kahn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Stuart Grudgings)
This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.
Being the sixth part in a series on different feminisms, the fifth part was, “Individualist Feminism: A Libertarian Feminism.“
Postcolonial Feminism is a subset of feminism that developed in the 1980s because it appeared that feminism only focused on the experience of women in Western cultures.
Within this essay the terms “Western,” “Western Feminism,” and “Mainstream Feminism” refer to ideas and cultures founded upon eurocentric ideals and espoused mostly within Europe and North America.
According to Chris Weedon (of Cardiff University) Postcolonial feminism seeks to account for the ways that racism and the long-lasting political, economic, and cultural effects of colonialism affect non-white, non-western woman in the postcolonial world.
In their article, “Under Western Eyes: Feminist Scholarship and Colonial Discourses,” Chandra Mohanty points out the importance of Postcolonial Feminism, critiquing what they refer to as “Eurocentric” Feminism: “This mode of feminist analysis, by homogenizing and systematizing the experiences of different groups of women in these countries, erases all marginal and resistant modes of experiences.” Mohanty's argument demonstrates the foundation laid by Postcolonial Feminists to observe and respect differences, as opposed to overlooking them.
A major component of Postcolonial Feminism is a critique of the feminist theories in developed countries. For instance, the universalizing tendencies of mainstream feminist ideas and the ways women living in non-western countries tend to be misrepresented.
Mohanty unpacks this misrepresentation by invoking images of stereotypes typical in western understandings of different women in different cultures, including “the veiled woman,” “the powerful mother,” “the chaste virgin,” and “the obedient wife.” Mohanty points out that these images exist in “universal, ahistorical splendor.” Ultimately. Mohanty posits that this causes “a colonialist discourse which exercises a very specific power in defining and maintaining existing first/third world connections.”
It is an empowering call that Mohanty puts forth, that women of any culture ignore not only being universalized with western women, but also with being universalized within any group, especially groups that do not share societal and cultural views and values, or groups that do not share a similar history.
Postcolonial Feminists combat misperception by telling their own stories, validating their existence, and being their own people, regardless of what other feminists claim they must or must not do.
Chilla Bulbeck, in their article, “Reorienting Western Feminism,” challenges western women to “Learn about the other woman, not as the stereotype we see in the popular media, either oppressed by foreign customs or as the exotic other, clad in coulourful difference.”
Postcolonial Feminists aim to educate Western Feminists in such a way that Western Feminists will construct their identities independent of the pejorative stereotypes of women they have othered. In this respect, Postcolonial Feminism does not build itself in complete opposition to other feminisms, not even Western Feminism, as it simply tries to restructure the feminist conversation to be more inclusive of previously ignored individuals.
Postcolonial Feminists aim to remind feminists that there is more than the label of “woman” to define and distinguish individuals or even groups of individuals. People can be defined by social class, race, ethnicity, and/or sexual preference, and all with a focus on the historical and social perspective of their respective society/culture. In this respect, Post Colonial Feminism illustrates early signs of intersectionality in feminism. Western feminisms, then as now, were dealing with Trans* exclusive radical feminists, white privilege, class privilege, and assuredly a laundry list of overlooked privileges.
Postcolonial Feminists note that while the West tends to create an othering binary that places them as the primary and the rest of the world as the secondary or other, that it can just as easily be perceived the other way around. Weedon argues that “The history of the West is, in large part, the history of its exploitation of its nonwhite, non-Western Others.”
Mohanty drives this point home: “only from the vantage point of the West is it possible to define the ‘third world' as underdeveloped and economically dependent. Without the over-determined discourse that creates the third world, there would be no (singular and privileged) first world.”
In addition to criticizing the impacts of Western privilege and its tendency to overlook intersecting struggles, thus ignoring historical, cultural, and societal differences, Postcolonial Feminists resist being homogenized, as Mohanty discusses: “However, it is the analytic leap from the practice of veiling to an assertion of its general significance in controlling women that must be questioned. While there may be a physical similarity in the veils worn by women in Saudi Arabia and Iran, the specific meaning attached to this practice varies according to the cultural and ideological context. For example, as is well known, Iranian middle class women veiled themselves during the 1979 revolution to indicate solidarity with their veiled working class sisters, while in contemporary Iran, mandatory Islamic laws dictate that all Iranian women wear veils. While in both these instances, similar reasons might be offered for the veil (opposition to the Shah and Western cultural colonization in the first case, and the true Islamicization of Iran in the second), the concrete meanings attached to Iranian women wearing the veil are clearly different in both historical contexts.”
Because the concept of colonization involves both land acquisition and cultural enslavement (social, political, and/or economic), Marie-Claire Belleau asserts that Postcolonial Feminists critique traditional Western Feminism because it does not strive to understand the simultaneous engagement in more than one distinct, but intertwined, emancipatory battle that Postcolonial Feminists face (Belleau, “‘L'intersectionnalité': Feminisms in a Divided World”).
Postcolonial Feminism helps shape feminism from a universality to a movement of individual experiences and struggles. Postcolonial Feminists struggle against the aftereffects of colonial oppression that sometimes results in the glorification of pre-colonial cultures. In many places, the pre-colonial culture had traditions of power stratification along gender lines, and women had very little power.
Therefore, when discussing Postcolonial Feminism, confronting racism is important; Cherrie Moraga, a writer and feminist activist, asserts in their essay “Refugees of a World on Fire. Forward to the Second Edition”: “As Third World women we clearly have a different relationship to racism than white women, but all of us are born into an environment where racism exists. Racism affects all of our lives, but it is only white women who can ‘afford' to remain oblivious to these effects. The rest of us have had it breathing or bleeding down our necks.”
Moraga goes on in that essay to discuss how Postcolonial Feminists desire to push feminist theory to address how individual people can acknowledge racist presumptions, practices, and prejudices within their own lives and try to stop their perpetuation through this awareness.
Postcolonial Feminism calls for a rejection of homogenization and universalizing of women; it calls for an understanding of historical, cultural, and social differences; and it calls on Western women to observe and combat racism even on the most intimate of levels.
In closing, Weedon, in “Key Issues in Postcolonial Feminism: A Western Perspective,” summarizes Postcolonial Feminism effectively: “Thinking difference in new, non-oppressive ways is a key objective of postcolonial feminism, both in the West and in the Third World.”
Works Cited
Bulbeck, Chilla. Reorienting Western Feminism: Women's Diversity In A Postcolonial World. Cambridge University Press. 1997.
Belleau, Marie-Claire. “L'intersectionnalité”: Feminisms in a Divided World”. Feminist politics: identity, difference, and agency. 2007.
Mohanty, Chandra Talpade. “Under Western Eyes: Feminist Scholarship and Colonial Discourses” Third World Women and the Politics of Feminism. 1984.
Moraga, Cherrie. “Refugees of a World on Fire. Forward to the Second Edition”. This Bridge Called My Back: Writings by Radical Women of Color. 1981.
Weedon, Chris. Key Issues in Postcolonial Feminism: A Western Perspective. Cardiff University. 2000.
Postcolonial Feminists of Note:
Chandra Talpade Mohanty
Yvonne Vera
Kirsten Holst Petersen
Barbara Smith
Gloria Anzaldua
Uma Narayan
Evelyne Accad
Gayatri Spivak
Heidi Safia Mirza
bell hooks
Jackie Huggins
Audre Lorde
Radhika Mohanram
Cherrie Moraga
Aileen Moreton-Robinson
Author's Note: As a white, Western woman, I am offering up this brief summary of Postcolonial Feminism as a part of a grander series on different feminisms. I would like to request that interested persons send in their work or their favorite blogs, essays, zines and journals, and also to submit, if they are interested, testimonies concerning Postcolonial Feminism and/or critiques of traditional Western Feminisms to me at JessicaAFisher.15@gmail.com, so that I may share them while working on my next piece in the series.
With Thanks!
Jessica Fisher
ST GEORGE Illawarra coach Steve Price has controversially called on the NRL to consider banning the gang tackle.
Price stressed rugby league would be faster - and sustain significantly fewer injuries - by limiting each tackle to just two defenders.
Data reveals play-the-balls used to take around four to five seconds to complete a decade ago - that figure is now seven seconds because three and four defenders are in every tackle.
Price's proposal would also outlaw the dangerous cannonball tackle and rugby league's twisting and wrestling tactics.
Having only two defenders in every tackle would also ease the strain and physical pressure on the bodies of NRL players.
Four forwards in a tackle could weigh a combined total of about 420kg - the equivalent of a cow.
Price is hoping for the change with NRL head of football, Todd Greenberg, saying any recommendations would go to the game's competition committee early next month.
''I'd definitely like to see the third man eliminated,'' Price said.
''That's a decision (for) the NRL committee to make.
''I'd like to see the game sped up around the ruck and create more space.
''It will be more entertaining from an offensive point of view. That's what the spectators want to see.
''It will also eliminate a lot of twisting and injuries. You want to see your best players playing the game week in, week out. That's what the fans pay their money for.
''I'm a fan of player safety and eliminating injuries.''
Price said rugby league should focus on attack.
''If you do bring in the two-man tackle it will reduce the seconds it takes for the play-the-ball,'' they said.
''It's a decision (for) the NRL have to make but we'll have to wait and see.
''Each year the amount of force the players are generating in terms of impact is quite severe.
''It's something we need to look at in rugby league going forward.''
Greenberg said last night they against the move in theory but the NRL would listen to any way of improving the game.
''We will not place a complete ban on a third man in a tackle. (But) we have listened to a range of different opinions and will ultimately make a decision with the games best interests,'' they said.
''We will consult with the competition committee in our next meeting in early December and then any recommendations will go to the commission in late December.''
Manly coach Geoff Toovey argued the three-man ban would be difficult for referees to police.
Toovey did want to see an end to the cannonball tackle.
"I think everyone agrees we could do without that tackle in the game but I'm not so sure about the three-man rule,'' Toovey said.
"I can't see it working. I don't think you could stop players coming in to help a tackle being made.
"You might need to in order to put a player to ground or stop an offload."
Academics espousing skeptical positions on climate change are included in a list of 132 possible nominees for positions on the EPA's Science Advisory Board, according to a report Monday from The Washington Post.
Anyone can nominate a person for consideration during the nominee process, and an EPA official involved in the process told reporters the agency has not whittled down the submissions. E&E News identified ten board nominees on the list who appear to express skeptical positions on widely-accepted findings of climate science.
One of the nominees, astrophysicist Gordon Fulks, suggested in 2010 that they are “concerned that many who promote the idea of catastrophic global warming reduce science to a political and economic game.” Fulks, a policy advisor at free market group Heartland Institute, also believes climate change comes mostly from natural variation.
The Earth has undergone “modest warming as we have come out of the Little Ice Age since about 1830 in ice core temperature reconstructions. That surely says that the warming over the last almost two centuries is natural in origin,” Fulks told reporters.
Fulks added that if they are placed on the Science Advisory Board, they would work “to make sure that the decisions that the EPA makes regarding regulations are firmly based in science and not superstition.” The board currently has 47 members, but 15 have terms ending in September.
Another name on the list is meteorologist Joseph D'Aleo, who once submitted an amicus brief with 13 other scientists targeting the EPA's Clean Power Plan. They challenged the agency's key finding that atmospheric carbon dioxide endangers human health and welfare and helps warm the Earth.
“EPA has no proof whatsoever that CO2 has a statistically significant impact on global temperatures,” D'Aleo, wrote at the time. “Many scientists feel no such proof exists.” The list comes as the EPA continues to beat back allegations the agency is targeting academics who support Obama-era climate regulations.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt has come under intense scrutiny recently for jettisoning academics on the Board of Scientific Counselors (BOSC) in May. The Trump administration believes the BOSC acted as a type of rubber stamp for many of the climate rules crafted during the Obama-era.
The dismissals came after legislation meant to reconfigure the board's makeup passed the House in June. It also follows months of promises from President Donald Trump to reduce the EPA's budget and ratchet down the agency's role in fighting global warming.
Environmentalists hope the list gets winnowed down and that those representing skeptical positions on climate change are tossed out.
“We should be able to trust that those who serve the EPA are the all-stars in their fields and committed to public service,” Michael Halpern, deputy director of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, told reporters Monday.
They believe the nominations will be a test for Pruitt's willingness to maintain the scientific board's independence.
“He already has a parade of lobbyists and advisers providing them with the perspectives from oil, gas, and chemical companies,” Halpern said, referring to allegations the EPA administrator secretly cavorts with oil company CEOs and executives in Oklahoma.
Follow Chris White on Facebook and Twitter.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The photo of an Iowa man proposing to their girlfriend in front of a bride and groom at a wedding reception that went viral a couple of weeks ago was not actually a dick move like we all thought. The photo, captioned on Reddit as “Any girl's wedding nightmare,” showed a man on their knee and asking their girlfriend to marry them while the newlyweds watched from their table in the background. The bride seemed to have a faux smile and a look of vengeance in their eyes. In reality, they were holding back cryface. The proposal was their idea.
The guests who were widely assumed to be upstaging someone else's wedding were actually the bride's sister and future brother-in-law. According to The Washington Post, this was an incident of misplaced online shaming. When the photo was uploaded to Reddit, it unleashed a wave of fury throughout the Internet. The poster's account has since been deleted.
“My fiancé told them they didn't want to ruin their day and they insisted it would only make it better!” Megan, the woman who was proposed to, told New York Daily News. “The groom of the wedding actually held my engagement ring the entire trip! Everyone in the Reddit picture knew the proposal was going to happen except for me!” The two couples are very close and Megan and their fiancé plan to have the bride and groom be maid of honor and best man at their wedding. Lauren Bernardo, the photographer at the wedding, didn't have an album of the wedding anywhere for public view. They believe that someone stole the picture from Megan's Facebook page and posted it to Reddit.
Image via Imgur .
Last night at its keynote, we watched some dudes ride out on Segways, only to discover that hiding inside those Segways was a full-on robot butler. Intel was showing it off to demo its Real Sense technology, which can map and detect an environment in real time and let computers react to it. The butler toddled around on its two wheels, going to answer the door, and generally looked quite twee.
At Intel's booth at CES 2016, the "Segway Advanced Personal Robot" only did the last thing. It's sitting on a pedestal and not moving at all — except for the occasional, seemingly random movement of its head. Segway says that the robot is modular, you can attach all sorts of things to it. The module attached to it now is two little Lego-man looking arms, though as you'll see in the gallery below it seems like it took a little gaffer tape to keep them secure on this prototype. You can see its blinky little eyes on the screen and the Real Sense cameras above those, but otherwise this is one very static robot.
Segway has said it will make a developer kit available in the second half of 2016.
These two dogs are an Australian penguin's best friend — with skills that have saved as many as a two thousand birds in the last ten years.
Foxes had nearly decimated the population of ‘little penguins' on Middle Island — killing nearly 200 a year.
But, since 2006 when Eudy and Tula started guarding the species, which is the smallest type of penguin in the world, there hasn't been any evidence of a predator attack.
After the dogs started patrolling the island, the flock grew from a low of just 10 birds to more than 150 today.
WATCH: Knitters Stitch Sweaters to Save Oiled Penguins
It was a local chicken farmer, Swampy Marsh, who first suggested using the large, white Maremma sheep dogs as penguin guardians because they were so good at protecting their free range hens.
The community of Warrnambool sponsored the dogs' training and still provides homes for them through the winter.
RELATED: Manatee Population Has Rebounded 500 Percent–Learn How
During the penguins' mating season, the dogs patrol the island five days a week, spending their days off at Flagstaff Hill Maritime Village, where they meet visitors and help educate people about conservation.
(WATCH the video below from Bondi Vet) — Photo: Peter Abbott
SHARE the Penguin News With Your Flock…
First thing's first, I want to make one thing very clear.
By description, I'm not what you'd call a Rugby Union fan. I don't support a club side, I tend to avoid the domestic side of the game and, frankly, the game doesn't excite me in the way it does the countless thousands who live for line-outs and fiercely contested scrums.
However, I am a sports fan, which means the World Cup has drawn my eye over the last few weeks, especially the games concerning the home nations.
The England games, in particular, I have watched with interest.
Now, I'm no Sir Clive, but I do have a good grasp on the game, despite my lack of enthusiasm towards it. Generally, I know what the crack is, and I also knew – going into the Wales game at Twickenham – that England were one of the favourites to lift that wonderfully golden trophy that a schoolboy once picked up and ran with, or something…
Needless to say, when the 80 minutes were up, I felt a little bemused.
A loss to the Welsh was not in the script, of that I was sure. But there it was, emblazoned across the scoreboard at the home of English rugby. Chris Robshaw had opted to kick for the corner, and the rest, as they say, was history.
But then, as I dwelled on what I had just witnessed and began checking social media for verification of the loss, my bemusement grew ten-fold.
Granted, Robshaw took plenty of bullets in the media crossfire, as was expected, but no other names were coming up as I scoured the web for the reaction of the British press.
Except one.
This is where I make a little confession.
I'm not strictly a Rugby Union fan, as I've already stated, but I do have a life-long affinity with the ‘other code' of rugby that is played. The little brother, as it were.
Growing up in one of the many former mining towns that dot the West Yorkshire landscape, I have been brought up on Rugby League. It's a sport that many are aware of, but few actually take notice. This is a crying shame, as League is one of the most exhilarating spectator sports in the world when at its best, but that's an article for another day.
Sam Burgess is not just a good Rugby League player. Hell, he's not just a great one. Over the two years preceding their move to Bath and the 15-man game, Burgess was probably the very best in the world.
I had the pleasure of seeing them first hand, at their peak, when they went toe-to-toe with Sonny Bill Williams and the might of the New Zealand Kiwis. The game was a World Cup semi-final, played at Wembley, and England's number 13 that day was utterly, utterly dominant.
A year on from that game, which England regrettably lost, in true English fashion, Burgess climbed to the summit of the Rugby League mountain.
Wearing the red and myrtle of the South Sydney Rabbitohs, the towering forward led their side to an NRL Grand Final victory, in their final outing before their switch to Union. They were awarded the prestigious Clive Churchill Medal for their part in the game, and deservedly so.
Oh, and did I mention they played almost the entire 80 minutes with a fractured cheekbone that was sustained in the first set of the game?
To put it into simple terms, Sam Burgess is a sporting icon in the Southern Hemisphere (and Rugby League's English heartland, which is effectively St. Helens to Hull – and everything in between) but there they are, on my laptop, everywhere I looked, getting hammered by journalist after journalist.
I couldn't help thinking, why?
I admit, after watching the game in its entirety, Burgess has work to do if they are to match their League exploits in the world of the three-point drop goal, but was the bashing really necessary? To say they played below-average would be harsh.
I decided to let it slide.
England had lost to Wales. Tensions were high. World Cup hopes were hanging by a thread.
It would blow over before long…
So I waited, until Australia came to town, seeking to end England's hopes of a dream World Cup victory on home turf.
Of course, the Wallabies did just that, and I was eager to gauge the response from the media.
The early indications were good, as the press began waxing lyrically over the performance of the brilliant Australia side that had just ripped the English apart.
Then, incredibly, it happened again.
In the days following the resounding loss, the knives came out. After the worst possible campaign, this was widely expected, but the choice of target was equally predictable.
Once again, it appeared Sam Burgess – or rather, the selection of Sam Burgess – was at fault for England's failings.
Here's my take on the situation. It's awfully simple, but it uses logic that seems to have passed clean over the heads of many a journalist over the last couple of weeks:
When England took on Wales, Sam Burgess started at centre, and was taken off with just under 15 minutes to play. At this point in the game, England had a substantial lead, which was subsequently lost. Go figure.Against the Aussies, Burgess played the opposite role. They came on with just over ten minutes to go, with the game all-but-over. Yes, they were fortunate to not receive a yellow card after dishing out a high shot, but this had zero impact on the result, England's most disappointing loss in years.Brad Barritt was Burgess' opposite centre against Wales. The man was nigh on non-existent, despite their far superior experience and reputation. Where's the outcry over their selection?
I've been reflecting on this matter for days now, and I've come to this conclusion.
Many will call me pathetic for writing this, and I will likely be accused of blindly shielding one of my heroes from criticism. But that's not the case. I genuinely believe that Sam Burgess has been doomed to fail ever since they arrived back in the UK and signed their lucrative contract with Bath.
There appears to be a target on their head, which they will never be able to shake off.
The nation has just witnessed a great sporting failure. With all the expectation, a group stage exit is embarrassing, so the media has had to come up with something to take the sting out of it.
Boy, haven't they done a good job?
England have failed the country, and it's all because some Rugby League outcast was given a free ticket to the big time. If they hadn't been selected, and we'd stuck with what we know, we'd be sailing into the finals.
That's what the media have written. That's how they've swung it.
Sam Burgess might have become the biggest scapegoat in English sporting history.
Lottery winner Bob Erb at their home in Terrace, B.C. Erb keeps the donation requests they receive in a detergent box at their Terrace home. Anna Killen / Special to The Province
Multimillionaire and marijuana activist Bob Erb of Terrace still lives in same home they had before winning a $25 million lottery jackpot — but they did treat themselves to an Airstream trailer. Anna Killen / Special to The Province
Bob Erb keeps the donation requests they receive in a detergent box at their Terrace home. See Notes / Direction / PROVINCE
Lottery winner Bob Erb at their home in Terrace, B.C. Anna Killen / Special to The Province
Pot activist Robert Erb poses with their multi-million winning lottery cheque at their home in Terrace, B.C. Anna Killen / Special to The Province
Lottery winner Bob Erb at their home in Terrace, B.C. Anna Killen / Special to The Province
Lottery winner Bob Erb at their home in Terrace, B.C. Anna Killen / Special to The Province
A year ago, the universe decided to wallop the world with a heart as big and rough-edged as a giant ­marijuana leaf. Bob Erb, by no means rich, had spent their six decades quietly donating to everything from homeless strangers to schoolchildren needing winter coats. But that was before the Terrace man won $25 million in a Lotto Max draws on Nov. 2, 2012. In the first year since Erb's win, they estimate they have made about $8 million in charitable donations and gifts to individuals. Their dazzling acts of kindness range from hundreds of thousands for family and friends to $20 for wandering street people. They range from the 10 cars they have bought for people to the $300,000 they have spent on dental work for Terrace residents who couldn't afford it themselves. It's as if Erb's life before the lottery win was a dress rehearsal for the moment they were handed the financial firepower to become what they were meant to be: a social conscience with legs. “He was generous before they won the lottery,” says Rod Link, editor-publisher of The Terrace Standard weekly newspaper. “Obviously, that spirit of generosity has now been amplified.” Erb's friends say that in the decades leading up to their lottery win the ­seasonal construction worker was always keen to help those whose fortunes were feebler than his. MORE FRIENDLY FOLKS There are probably a few folks in Terrace now wishing they'd been nicer to Erb along the way. And Erb acknowledges that many people are more respectful than they were before they won the Lotto Max jackpot. “They're sweeter than what they had been in the past,” they say. “More friendly, I guess.” Their generous loyalty to old friends is becoming the stuff of local legend. Robert Dowse, Erb's buddy for two decades, was given a new $105,000 truck for their delivery business, a $19,000 Ski-Doo and $70,000 for him, their wife and five sons. “He's an awesome guy,” Dowse says. Herb is a 61-year-old grandfather whose compassion extends to utter strangers battered by life's circumstances. “He's sort of like a community saint,” says Kelsey Wiebe, curator of Terrace's Heritage Park Museum. “I don't think anyone else would deal with the windfall in the way they have. People say they would, but I don't know anyone who actually would.” Erb, who had been buying ­weekly lottery tickets for 40 years, hit the ground running when their dream of wining the lottery came true. They had long planned how and whom to help if wealth came their way. “I always figured I'd give a third of it away to friends, families, charities, needy causes, businesses that are struggling,” Erb says. 'HE'S GENEROUS AND A MAN OF Their WORD' Nora Thompson, who has known Erb for almost 40 years, says they used to tell them whom they were going to help if they ever got any money. “I thought, ‘Oh, well, that would be nice but will it ever happen?'” says Thompson, 60. “Wow, did it ever. He's generous and he's a man of their word.”
Thompson, president of the Rosswood Community Association, experienced Erb's generosity first hand. Erb spent about $70,000 on a new roof and other improvements for the association's hall 40 kilometres north of Terrace. Erb's kindness reached into Thompson's personal life. Them husband suffered a severe head injury in an accident eight years ago. The couple, whose rural home was without running water, found it increasingly difficult to carry water sourced from a nearby stream. Erb spent about $75,000 installing a well, filter system, septic tank, crawl-space heater and new bathroom. An avid marijuana user, Erb has also donated many chunks of ­money totalling about $825,000 to the cause dearest to their heart — legalizing pot. Bob Erb's sympathy for the sorrows of others has been heightened by tragedy in their own life. Their wife took their own life in 1998, a few years after they separated. Their son, Robert, died of an overdose in 2008, two months before their 27th birthday. Erb says they would give every cent they have to bring them back. Five years later, Erb still cries over this loss every day. “Some days, a few times,” they say. “I try not to dwell on it.” A $10,000 TIP In June, Erb made national news when they left a $10,000 tip for the owner of a restaurant in Chamberlain, Sask. They had learned that ­owner Cliff Luther's 25-year-old daughter in B.C. had just been diagnosed with cancer. Erb well understood the other man's distress. “My heart went out to him,” they say. “You have more empathy when you lose an adult child.” Erb's social conscience is, perhaps, a product of nature and nurture. They grew up on a lower middle class farm in Weyburn in southeastern Saskatchewan, where neighbours grouped together to help each other when one suffered a mishap. Walter Erb, their great uncle, whom they resemble, was health ­minister in Saskatchewan's CCF government when Premier Tommy Douglas moved to introduce medicare in the early 1960s. Walter Erb was initially given responsibility for implementing medicare but later quit the party in opposition to it. Erb says they were comfortable before the lottery win so giving themselves a lavish lifestyle hasn't been at the top of their priorities. Their friends and adult daughter have had to tell them it's OK to buy a few toys. They still buy weekly lottery tickets. They live in the same modest house on a half-acre lot in Thornhill, across the Skeena River from Terrace. Sharing Erb's home is Jenny Brown, their romantic partner. Brown, 23 years their junior, began living with Erb after the lottery win but had been dating them before that. “She's drop-dead gorgeous. Every man's dream,” they say. Their initial attempts at splurging on themselves were somewhat feeble by multimillionaire standards. Instead of a second home in ­Jamaica, Erb bought a 23-foot Airstream ­trailer and a Lincoln Navigator. But they have recently shown signs of loosening up, having ordered two Shelby American Super Snakes — souped-up Mustangs — worth about $250,000 each.
Their wealth hasn't bought them time. Erb still has a sideline in buying and selling antiques and collectibles. But they have been so busy with making and overseeing donations that there's little time for the garage sales they used to haunt. The history of lottery winners is full of folks who have gone bust after burning through millions. At a rate of $8 million in giveaways a year, Erb's fortune wouldn't last long. RISK OF OVER-DONATING Erb knows they can't maintain that pace of compassion. They understand the risks of overspending — or, in their case, over-donating. “I wanted to get a lot of the dispersement process done in the first year because at my age I didn't want it to drag into two years,” they say. They have more than 200 outstanding requests for help stashed in zip-lock bags in a Sunlight detergent box. Almost every day the list of requests from groups and individuals grows larger. The outstretched hands put this big-hearted man in a position they don't like: saying “no.” But it bothers them if people they have assisted try to come back for second helpings when they haven't been able to respond to others in need. “There's only so much money. You've got to be almost cold,” they say. “I've easily got $50 million worth of requests.” UNABASHED PROMOTER OF POT Bob Erb could have become a terminal space cadet. Anyone who smokes as much pot as the Terrace multimillionaire does — half an ounce a day — might be forgiven for having colonized a distant mental planet. It would be understandable if perpetual munchie-ism ballooned them to 300 pounds. But Erb, an affable 61-year-old grandpa, makes perfect, down-to-earth sense when they speak. And their lean 163 pounds is draped around a 30-inch waist. Their blood pressure is excellent. Erb is brazenly open about their lifestyle. They rise about 4 a.m. each day and within minutes they have smoked the first of 15 daily spliffs. “I use marijuana as preventive medicine,” they say. “It's like a multi-vitamin.” If their $25-million lottery win gave Erb supercharged compassion, he's outspoken enough that some Terracites see them as more demon than saint. “I've been treated rather rudely by God-fearing Christians because of their belief that I am the antichrist,” they say without malice. Erb says they have been busted four times for pot — twice in the early 1970s for possession and twice in the 1990s. The last two busts resulted in one conviction for possession for the purpose of trafficking and another for cultivation. “There are people who do not like them because of their marijuana activism,” says Kelsey Wiebe, curator of the Heritage Park Museum in Terrace. “There are definitely those who find them distasteful.” Sensible B.C. director Dana Larsen says Erb has donated more than $250,000 to the campaign for a referendum on marijuana. “Bob's support for our efforts has been transformative,” Larsen says. “Without Bob's support, this campaign would have been way more challenging.” Erb's passionate pot advocacy sometimes veers toward dark comedy. In 2002, they ran for Terrace mayor under the Marijuana Party banner.
Global ransomware cyberattack halted by a young engineer's opportunistic domain registration
Updated
The cyberattack that spread malicious software around the world, shutting down networks at hospitals, banks and government agencies, was stemmed by a young British researcher and an inexpensive domain registration, with help from another 20-something security engineer in the US.
Key points: British engineer accidentally activated a hidden 'kill switch' by registering a domain found in malware code
Action may have saved companies and governments millions of dollars
Attackers could still reactivate the malware easily on unpatched computers
Britain's National Cyber Security Centre and others were hailing the cybersecurity researcher, a 22-year-old identified online only as MalwareTech, who — unintentionally at first — discovered a "kill switch" that halted the unprecedented outbreak.
By then, the "ransomware" attack had hobbled Britain's hospital network and computer systems in several countries, in an effort to extort money from computer users.
But the researcher's actions may have saved companies and governments millions of dollars and slowed the outbreak before computers in the US were more widely affected.
MalwareTech said in a blog post on Saturday that they had returned from lunch with a friend on Friday and learned that networks across Britain's health system had been hit by ransomware, tipping them off that "this was something big".
They began analysing a sample of the malicious software and noticed its code included a hidden web address that was not registered.
They said they "promptly" registered the domain, something they regularly do to try to discover ways to track malicious software, paying just $10.69 for the address.
Across an ocean, Darien Huss, a 28-year-old research engineer for the cybersecurity firm Proofpoint, was doing their own analysis.
The western Michigan resident said they noticed the authors of the malware had left in a feature known as a kill switch. Huss took a screen shot of their discovery and shared it on Twitter.
MalwareTech and Huss are part of a large global cybersecurity community of people, working independently or for security companies, who are constantly watching for attacks and working together to stop or prevent them, often sharing information via Twitter.
It is not uncommon for them to use aliases, either to protect themselves from retaliatory attacks or for privacy.
Soon Huss and MalwareTech were communicating about what they had found: That registering the domain name and redirecting the attacks to MalwareTech's server had activated the kill switch, halting the ransomware's infections — creating what is called a "sinkhole".
Although the web address was "fairly obvious" in the code, MalwareTech said they suspected those behind the attack were not aware it could be used to stop the ransomware's spread.
Attack could be reactivated with new code
Who perpetrated this wave of attacks remains unknown. Two security firms — Kaspersky Lab and Avast — said they identified the malicious software in more than 70 countries. Both said Russia was hit hardest.
How did the attack occur? Attack appeared to be caused by a self-replicating piece of software that takes advantage of vulnerabilities in older versions of Microsoft Windows, security experts say
It spreads from computer to computer as it finds exposed targets.
Ransom demands start at $US300 and increase after two hours, a security researcher at Kaspersky Lab says
Security holes were disclosed several weeks ago by TheShadowBrokers, a mysterious group that has repeatedly published what it says are hacking tools used by the NSA
Shortly after that disclosure, Microsoft announced it had already issued software "patches" for those holes
But many companies and individuals have not installed the fixes yet or are using older versions of Windows that the company no longer supports and for which no patch was available
"One thing that is very important to note is our sinkholing only stops this sample and there is nothing stopping them removing the domain check and trying again, so it's incredibly important that any unpatched systems are patched as quickly as possible," MalwareTech warned.
They also tweeted that while version one of the software was stoppable, the subsequent version "will likely remove the flaw".
"You're only safe if you patch ASAP."
The kill switch also could not help those already infected. Short of paying, options for these individuals and companies are usually limited to recovering data files from a backup, if available, or living without them.
Security experts said it appeared to be caused by a self-replicating piece of software that enters companies when employees click on email attachments, then spreads quickly as employees share documents.
The security holes it exploits were disclosed weeks ago by TheShadowBrokers, a mysterious hacking group.
Microsoft swiftly released software "patches" to fix those holes, but many users still have not installed updates or still use older versions of Windows which are no longer supported by Microsoft.
Proofpoint's Ryan Kalember said MalwareTech gets "the accidental hero award of the day", The Guardian reported.
But the young British researcher said otherwise: "I'm not a hero, just a guy doing what they can."
ABC/AP
Topics: hacking, internet-technology, healthcare-facilities, united-kingdom, united-states
First posted
The Indian government on Monday granted a patent to a blockbuster Hepatitis C drug manufactured by U.S.-based Gilead Pharmasset. Gilead has priced the medicine at $1,000 per pill in U.S. The government move has however worried Indian pharma companies and health groups, who believe the grant of the patent would restrict access to cheaper, generic versions of the drug in India and other countries, according to the Times of India.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) had in January announced priority review of Gilead's drug and assigned it a breakthrough therapy designation, which is granted to investigational medicines that may offer major advances in treatment over existing options.
The health activist groups are reportedly in favour of India's existing patent laws (Indian Patent Act, or IPA), which deny pharma companies patent protection for drugs or products whose patents are about to expire.
The IPA thus makes it difficult for multinational pharma companies to seek patents in India (evergreen patenting) for newer versions of drugs, especially when their cheaper generic versions are available.
However, the latest decision by the Indian Patent Office has proved to be a setback for indigenous pharma firms as well as patients, according to the Times of India.
They had opposed the grant of patent to Gilead's hepatitis drug earlier on the grounds that the drug was old science and did not meet the necessary patent standards in India.
Gilead's drug is one of the most expensive medicines at $1,000 per pill ($84,000 for a 12-week treatment) in the U.S., and has been priced at similar rates in developed countries.
In India, due to the availability of cheaper hepatitis drugs, the drug will not be priced too high, and the generic versions of the drug are available at $335 for a 12-week course, as Gilead had already entered into a licensing agreement with various Indian pharma firms.
However, experts were quoted by the TOI as saying that the move would hit those Indian pharma companies that were planning to manufacture the cheaper version of the drug independently. It could also affect the supply of raw materials to developing countries for the launch of the Hepatitis C drug.
International humanitarian organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), which had earlier warned India against grant of patents to U.S. pharma firms, also criticised the Indian government's decision.
"It will also impact those domestic companies which were planning to enter the market independently to supply not just patients in India but also high-burden middle income countries that were not covered by the voluntary license," Leena Menghaney, lawyer and manager of MSF's Access Campaign in India was quoted by the TOI as saying.
The U.S. pharma firm had applied for the patent in 2015, which was rejected by the Indian Patent Office. But the application was approved this time. "I find claimed compounds are novel, inventive and patentable under Patents Act. Accordingly, the instant application is allowed to proceed for grant with finally amended claims 1 to 8 as filed on 29th April, 2016 by the applicant", the TOI quoted the Indian Patent Controller as saying.
India is the world's largest producer of generic medicines. Nearly two-thirds of the medicines supplied under various international aid programmes to developing countries come from India.
Forty-two percent of Americans think President Trump will be remembered as one of the worst presidents in U.S. history, according to a new Marist Poll.
Another 16 percent think Trump will be remembered as a below average leader.
ADVERTISEMENT
Only 18 percent of respondents expect Trump will be remembered as an above average president or one of the best presidents in history.
Forty-eight percent of Republicans think Trump will be remembered as one of the best or an above average president.
About one-third of Republicans think Trump will be remembered as an average president.
According to the poll, 70 percent of Democratic respondents think Trump will be remembered as one of the worst presidents in history, while another 18 percent of Democrats think Trump will be remembered as a below average president.
Sixty percent of independents expect Trump will be remembered as a below average leader or one of the worst presidents in history.
The poll was conducted from Oct. 15-17 among 1,093 adults. The margin of error is 3 percentage points.
The poll comes as Trump struggles to accomplish some key items on their agenda, including repealing ObamaCare. Trump and congressional Republicans are now seeking to pass tax reform.
I LOVE the internet. If you're a regular www.davidhallsocialmedia.com reader, chances are you love it too. I've loved it since I first logged on in the mid-1990s on a borrowed machine (with a 14.4 kbps modem) set up in the dining room of my childhood home. It gave us access to new things like emails, discussion boards, and ICQ. But it also gave us free and easy access to copyrighted material like never before. We could now download warez, appz, images, wavs, mp3s, video clips, etc., for FREE! This availability of content has allowed us to explore different genres of music, artists, types of film, new ideas, make new connections, and meet new people that would have been out of our reach before the internet.
Much of this discovery was done with a disregard for copyright, but not because we wanted to break the law. It was done in the interest of sharing. Sharing things we loved, sharing things we found pleasure in, sharing with strangers. Sharing is critical to the very DNA of the internet .
But the entertainment industry in the US doesn't like this perceived “sharing” threat. Enter the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) – A Bill that will allow the United States Government to block citizens from viewing websites – The infographic below provides a good summary of the background and arguments for and against the Bill. Big thanks to Muhammad Saleem, social media blogger extraordinaire, for sharing this infographic with me courtesy of Business Insurance Quotes. .
To me, SOPA has got it all wrong. In the past, if we purchased a record, tape, or CD, we were free to lend it to a friend. If we shared similar tastes in movies, we could arrange a DVD swap, right? But if I buy a song on iTunes, I can't share a copy with my friends. Huh? The flow of information on the internet doesn't mesh with the archaic revenue model for the large entertainment industry, but instead of updating the model, a government-run censorship of the internet is what we may be faced with.
Perhaps comedian Louis C.K. has the right idea. They recently hired their own TV crew to capture their latest stand-up routine. They then sold it on the internet, himself, for $5 a piece. Users who downloaded were free to use the video how they liked. They could share it with friends, post on their website, make DVDs, etc. Louis went broke right? Nope, they claim that they made $200,000 in just 4 days. More on this story at Mashable.
Should we protect IP at all costs or empower open collaboration? What do you think about SOPA?
Advertisements
They're baaaack.
Those impish Chinese government cyber-saboteurs we last saw posing as 20-foot high trees to trigger the 2003 northeast power outage have returned in an all new adventure, this time in the pages of the Wall Street Journal.
In this episode, the clever hackers have teamed with the Russians to penetrate the U.S. electrical grid from coast-to-coast, planting diabolical malware designed to let them plunge portions of America into darkness with a few keystrokes, the paper reports.
The real authors of this tale are unnamed "U.S. intelligence officials," perhaps the same ones who claimed last year that the Chinese government may have caused the 2003 blackout that cut off electricity to 50 million people in eight states and a Canadian province.
Sadly, this new installment doesn't contain the kind of juicy details that made the previous one so easy to debunk. In fact, it contains almost no details at all. The attacks are "pervasive," and yet not a single utility company is named as a victim. Even better, the blackout-triggering malware hasn't been spotted by the companies – which explains perfectly why this is the first we've heard of it. Only America's intelligence community has seen the code. They could show us, but then they'd have to kill us.
The unspoken lesson here is obvious: Chinese Superhackers Are Our Superiors. No, wait. That's not it. I know ... Only the intelligence agencies are equipped to protect us from foreign cyberattacks.
It's an unusually opportune time for this revelation, since the NSA is at this very moment jockeying to take over cybersecurity from DHS, which lacks the wholesale warrantless-wiretapping capabilities needed to detect Chinese hackers. What a lucky coincidence of timing that this exciting, if uncheckable, story should emerge now.
See Also:
Donald Trump was on their way to their best performance in a presidential debate Wednesday night ― right up to the moment when they refused, twice, to say they would respect the results of November's presidential election.
It overshadowed everything else that happened on the stage in Las Vegas and arguably told voters everything they need to know about the Republican nominee for president.
Trump's answer shouldn't have surprised anybody. For the last two weeks or so, Trump has been going on and on about “rigged” elections, riling up their supporters by warning that Hillary Clinton and their allies were trying to steal the election.
The argument has drawn widespread condemnation, even from fellow Republicans ― partly because their warnings of ballot stuffing in heavily minority cities have such obvious racial overtones, and partly because their pre-emptive questioning of the election results is way outside of the norms of American politics.
Election officials, many of them Republicans, have said Trump's claims lack factual basis ― that, notwithstanding isolated cases of wrongdoing, there's no evidence of widespread fraud. And Trump's own advisers have tried repeatedly to downplay the statements by arguing that Trump was really just talking about media bias.
But Trump hasn't backed off. Just two days ago, for example, Trump tweeted out that they were worried about media bias and election fraud.
And that's more or less how the conversation played out Wednesday night.
Moderator Chris Wallace, who asked tough and substantive questions of both candidates, gave Trump a chance to clarify their remarks about the fairness of the election. Wallace noted that even Trump's own daughter, Ivanka, had said that Trump would accept the results of the election, and then they put the question directly to real estate mogul: “Do you make the same commitment, sir, that you will absolutely accept the result of this election?”
Off stage, according to media reports, the audience reacted with an audible gasp. On stage, Trump went on to talk about “millions of people that are registered to vote that should not be registered to vote” ― and then, once again, attacked the media.
At that point Wallace interrupted Trump to point out the gravity of what Trump was saying ― and, basically, give them one more chance to walk it back, or at least qualify it somehow.
“Sir,” Wallace said, “there is a tradition in this country … that no matter how hard fought a campaign is, that at the end of the campaign, that the loser concedes to the winner. … that the loser concedes to the winner, and that the country comes together in part for the good of the country. Are you saying you're not prepared now to commit to that principle?”
All Trump had to say was “of course I will.” Even a tentative, highly qualified assurance that he'd respect the democratic process would have probably done the trick. But Trump couldn't bring themselves to do that. Instead, they stood their ground, saying, “What I'm saying is, I'll tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense, OK?”
Clinton pounced immediately, calling the answer “horrifying.” But they didn't need to say a word.
Trump's comments about election fairness aren't just unprecedented in modern American politics. They are also dangerous. In a recent Politico/Morning Consult poll, nearly half of Trump supporters said they were not confident that votes would be counted accurately. Trump is basically reinforcing those doubts, giving their supporters reason to question the legitimacy of the outcome on Nov. 8 ― and, potentially, convincing the most fanatical among them to act out.
And if Trump had already said similar things on the campaign trail, it was unsettling ― shocking, even ― to hear them say it on a debate stage, speaking to a national audience.
After the debate, Trump's supporters did their best to clean up the mess. Campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani tried to suggest that Trump's statements weren't really so awful because Al Gore, in 2000, had also questioned the election results. But Gore had done so after the vote, when the close outcome in Florida had forced a recount and ballot problems left uncertainty about the winner (and in which, by the way, there was actual evidence of Republicans using their control over state government to tilt the result).
Other Republican leaders, like GOP communications director Sean Spicer, offered stronger reassurances. “We expect to win this race, so it's not going to be an issue, but regardless, we will accept the will of the people,” Spicer said.
For Spicer and other Trump supporters, it must have been incredibly frustrating ― because, until that point, the real estate mogul was having a decent night, at least by theirs standards.
To be clear, Trump had seemed unsteady at times and already told some big lies, like saying Clinton would double everybody's taxes. They began a discussion about the Supreme Court by noting that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had insulted him, as if their feelings were more important than, say, the meaning of due process.
But Trump wasn't interrupting Clinton as frequently as they did in previous debates. They even made some cogent, forceful arguments about immigration and trade ― issues that potentially play well in the industrial Midwest and probably represent their best opportunity to pick up normally Democratic votes.
And Clinton, for their part, had some conspicuous lapses. When Wallace asked them about potential conflicts of interest while they were at the State Department and their husband was busy raising money for the Clinton Foundation, they basically dodged the question and started talking about the foundation's good works abroad.
Trump could have pounced on Clinton's evasiveness. They didn't. And with their answer on the legitimacy of the election, Trump shifted the conversation away from policy or Clinton's ethics and onto a much more fundamental issue ― support for basic principles of democratic government.
It says something about this election, and the Republican nominee, that such support is even in doubt.
In case you've missed the chance to pledge for a TidyTilt on Kickstarter, you can check out TidyTilt.com to learn more about the product and how to purchase.
Our goal at TT Design Labs is to create products and services for the modern lifestyle. We hope you enjoy TidyTilt!
Meet TidyTilt.
TidyTilt is an earbud cord wrap, multi-position kickstand, and mount for iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S. TidyTilt takes up less space than any one of these devices - yet does all three things - without adding something extra to carry.
Wrap your earbud cords without skipping a beat. TidyTilt is always at hand, since it lives on the back of your iPhone. When you're done using your earbuds, simply wrap them over your iPhone, snap TidyTilt closed, and pop your earbuds right off. TidyTilt keeps your cords neat and secure, whether in a bag, pocket, or attached to your iPhone.
TiltsTidyTilt serves as a stand for iPhone, enabling landscape and portrait orientation at multiple angles - perfect for watching movies, typing, or making video calls. It even does so while simultaneously keeping your earbuds secured. Gaming with a friend? Position Tidytilt at the center of iPhone for a new seesaw-like head-to-head gaming experience.
MountsThanks to TidyTilt's strong, strategically-placed magnets, you can tack your earbuds or whole iPhone to any magnetically-responsive surface. Pop iPhone onto your fridge for referencing cooking recipes, stick it to a dry-erase board for brainstorming, or park it on the key-holder by your front door.
A Design Based Upon Ethnographic User ResearchAfter researching how and where people use and store their headphones, we discovered several common workarounds that users regularly fall back on: wrapping the headset cord around iPhone (rendering the touchscreen unusable); coiling the wire around fingers and putting it in a bag or pocket (only to dig it out later fully tangled) or surrendering to the chaos, stuffing the wad of tangled earphone cords somewhere and hoping for the best.
These behaviors aren't ideal, but neither is carrying an extra doodad with you to wrap headphone cords around. We think TidyTilt untangles the headphone cord predicament whilst also serving as a handy kickstand and magnetic mount for iPhone.
Our Prototyping ProcessWe built and tested dozens of prototypes before settling on TidyTilt‘s final design. Using rapid prototyping techniques such as laser cutting, we were able to quickly make modifications and test the impact of our changes.
Manufacturing TidyTiltWe have a manufacturer lined up and ready to begin production. They have provided us with the prototypes you see in the video. We've been working closely to ensure TidyTilt will be a quality product that minimizes environmental impact (through efficient packaging, the fewest shipping hops, etc).
A Bit More About UsWe are two human-centered design students looking for funding to make our iPhone accessory a reality. We believe that TidyTilt can make iPhone users' everyday lives just a tiny bit easier.
We have the design and the drive, now we just need funding to bring TidyTilt to market. If we are successfully funded, we will be able to do a first production run of TidyTilt, including investing in the up-front machining and material costs.
In doing so, we hope to pursue our dream of creating solutions for the modern lifestyle, and establish our young design firm in the process.
----------
Patent Pending.
© TT Design Labs LLC
Apple & iPhone are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc and are not affiliated in any way with our product.
It's pretty bleak these days for Los Angeles renters on the hunt for an affordable place to live. With a rental vacancy rate of just 2.7 percent (the national average is 7 percent), competition for housing in the LA metro area is steep, and prices are reflecting that.
In the midst of these unaffordable housing woes is an upswing in Ellis Act evictions. The Ellis Act allows landlords to evict tenants in order to demolish the building or take it off the rental market, in return for paying a relocation fee for the evicted tenants. (Getting out of the landlord business can prove very lucrative, whether It's to sell the property to developers or place the property on Airbnb).
All this comes at a dramatic cost to LA's already struggling rental market. In April, the Los Angeles Times revealed that evictions from rent-controlled units have doubled since 2013. The number of affordable rental units removed from the housing market has tripled in the same timeframe.
So, Mayor Eric Garcetti, along with the Los Angeles Housing and Community Investment Department, is launching a new campaign called "Home for Renters" to help renters better understand their rights as tenants. The campaign will use "cutting edge" ads, flyers, and doorhangers to ensure tenants in LA's "most vulnerable" neighborhoods are aware of the city's Rent Stabilization Ordinance, passed in 1979.
Our RSO awareness campaign will help reduce illegal evictions and rent increases. Visit https://t.co/EfN3Wa7NQL pic.twitter.com/49cXt3FJfq — Mayor of Los Angeles (@MayorOfLA) July 11, 2016
The longstanding ordinance sets guidelines for what is a legally allowable reason for eviction, outlines the types of evictions that require landlords to pay tenants' relocation costs, and puts limitations on how much a landlord can raise rents. Nearly 624,000 rental units, or 75 percent of the city's apartment stock, falls under the rent control ordinance.
The new campaign also has a home online at the newly redesigned housing and community investment department website, where there's a handy downloadable guidebook on the "ABC's of the RSO."
FOR many it is a reflex as unconscious as breathing. Hit a stumbling-block during an important task (like, say, writing a column)? The hand reaches for the phone and opens the social network of choice. A blur of time passes, and half an hour or more of what ought to have been productive effort is gone. A feeling of regret is quickly displaced by the urge to see what has happened on Twitter in the past 15 seconds. Some time after the deadline, the editor asks when exactly to expect the promised copy. Distraction is a constant these days; supplying it is the business model of some of the world's most powerful firms. As economists search for explanations for sagging productivity, some are asking whether the inability to focus for longer than a minute is to blame.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This column will resume after you have returned from checking your notifications
The technological onslaught has been a long time building. Bosses no doubt found the knock of the telegraph boy or the clack of the ticker-tape machine an abominable interruption. Fixed-line desk phones were an intrusion in their day, before the mobile phone brought work interruptions into the home. But the web is different, with its unending news cycle, social networks humming with constant conversation, and news feeds algorithmically structured to keep users scrolling and sharing. The louder the din, the greater the distraction—and the harder to tune it out for fear of missing important information.
Distractions clearly affect performance on the job. In a recent essay, Dan Nixon of the Bank of England pointed to a mass of compelling evidence that they could also be eating into productivity growth. Depending on the study you pick, smartphone-users touch their device somewhere between twice a minute to once every seven minutes. Conducting tasks while receiving e-mails and phone calls reduces a worker's IQ by about ten points relative to working in uninterrupted quiet. That is equivalent to losing a night's sleep, and twice as debilitating as using marijuana. By one estimate, it takes nearly half an hour to recover focus fully for the task at hand after an interruption. What's more, Mr Nixon notes, constant interruptions accustom workers to distraction, teaching them, in effect, to lose focus and seek diversions.
Could this explain the rich world's productivity slowdown? In a paper published in 2007, Sinan Aral and Erik Brynjolfsson, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Marshall Van Alstyne, of Boston University, analysed firms' use of information technology and its effects on labour productivity and revenue growth. They found an inverted U-shape pattern associated with multitasking and productivity. An initial increase in multitasking from the increased use of IT seems to raise productivity. But later, the accumulation of balls to be juggled reduces performance and increases the incidence of error.
IT does help workers in all sorts of ways. It speeds communication and allows documents to be shared remotely. The web makes finding information far simpler and quicker than it was in a world of paper archives. Productivity surged in the late 1990s and early 2000s as e-mail, digital databases and the web spread. The benefits technology brought, at that time, seemed to outweigh the cost of distraction. Since the mid-2000s, however, productivity growth has tumbled, perhaps because the burden of distraction has crossed some critical threshold.
But this is surely not the whole story. Performance across industries does not fit very well with the idea that distraction is the main cause of weak productivity. Over the past decade, labour-productivity growth in both manufacturing and construction has been particularly disappointing—and the problem can hardly be desk jockeys frittering away time on Pinterest.
Weak productivity is also a consequence of the reallocation of workers from industries with relatively high rates of growth to more stagnant ones. In America health care and education, where labour productivity is persistently low, account for more than half of total employment growth since 2000.
How then to reconcile evidence of the toll taken by new technologies with the difficulty in detecting a productivity cost? One possibility is that firms have not been as strenuous as might be expected in maximising output per worker. Employment does not fall much in response to minimum-wage rises because output per worker goes up. That is partly because workers try harder and partly because firms, faced with a new cost, focus more on tracking worker performance. Similarly, productivity leapt in the immediate aftermath of the financial crisis, and not because firms laid off less productive workers. Rather, workers appear to have upped their game to convince bosses not to sack them. After a decade of low wages and high profits, firms may be feeling complacent. That, and their consequent failure to invest, may be a better explanation of weak productivity than workers' distraction.
Tweet dreams are made of this
Whether or not brains fried by constant interruption are slowing growth, the digital deluge takes a toll. Mr Nixon reckons that distracted workers become less empathetic, a serious side-effect in an economy where human connections with customers are cast as a defence against automation. Distraction also appears to reduce reported happiness, and that effect may be magnified if it means that fewer tasks are completed to the workers' satisfaction—or if the source of the distraction is another distressing news alert. So this is yet another reason to yearn for a truly tight labour market: when firms cannot spare an idle moment they might get serious about trimming productivity-sapping intrusions from the workplace, to everyone's benefit. Right, time for a tweet.
IoT and Apple support company Trusource Labs is to make Limerick its new centre of international operations with the creation of 143 jobs.
Established in 2013, Trusource Labs currently has over 600 employees based in its Austin headquarters. It specialises in offering support services for the internet of things (IoT) and providing help desk services to companies who use Apple devices.
The company aims to minimise the need for customers to phone for technical support, while also working with companies and their engineers when products are at beta stage.
This includes helping companies to develop content online for troubleshooting, providing omni-channel support with phone, email, social, chat and video in multiple languages.
First part of global growth plan
Now, the company has revealed plans to open its international operations centre in Limerick, creating 143 jobs over the next three years.
The project is supported by the Department of Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation through IDA Ireland.
The company's co-founder Alton Martin said: “We are enthusiastic to bring our innovative customer experience model to Ireland. It is our first step in a larger global growth plan, and we are grateful for IDA's partnership and support.”
Adding to this, Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O'Connor, TD, said: “These are exactly the kind of high quality technical jobs that we seek to attract and it is a strong vote of confidence for Ireland and the Irish workforce that Trusource Labs has decided to establish its International Operations Centre here.
“I wish the Trusource Labs team all the very best for their future in Ireland.”
This marks a successful week for Limerick, with the news on 3 October that Casa Systems will also establish its international operation centre in the county, with the creation of 50 jobs.
Looking for jobs in tech or science? Check out our Employer Profiles for information on companies hiring right now.
Limerick skyline. Image: Patryk Kosmider/Shutterstock
DENVER, Colo. — Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's scathing attacks on everything from Mitt Romney's personal integrity to their devotion to their faith won't be going away for one simple reason, people close to the Democrat say: Reid personally, deeply loathes Mitt Romney.
Reid, a fellow Mormon and one-time boxer who has never been known as much of an orator, has emerged unexpectedly this year as the Democrats' most effective attack dog, doing particular damage to Romney with questions and innuendo about their personal tax returns. With the election approaching fast, the Nevada senator seems to be looking for new excuses to throw a right hook.
“Reid is doing all this on their own," said a source close to the Democratic leader. "This is their instinct at work combined with their distaste for Romney whom they think lacks any foundational principles or spine, and appears to feel entitled to gentler-than-normal treatment. Reid thinks that if you're going to get in the ring you should be ready to take some punches."
On one level, Reid's crusade against Romney is simply “Harry being Harry,” as longtime confidants, aides, and observers are wont to say of the prickly yet soft-spoken Democrat.
To the casual observers — the ones who even know their name — the low-profile Reid is generally viewed as a mumbly, somewhat dull grandpa figure who often rambles at length about their hometown of Searchlight, Nevada. But those who have done battle with them in the Beltway know all too well not to trust their aw-shucks public persona: First and foremost, they are a dirty inside fighter.
Listen closely to Reid's hometown nostalgia trips, and you'll hear about the making of a gritty, combative fighter, winning boxing matches, crusading against the Mob in Las Vegas, and taking care of a mom who supported their family by cleaning the clothes of prostitutes.
The distance Reid has traveled from their hardscrabble upbringing is almost immaterial — they still hold their childhood in reverence, and he's allowed it to shape the way they practice politics. Consequently, even the political opponents who detest Reid, and there are many, begrudgingly concede their abilities in trench warfare.
But according to those close to Reid, their open hostility toward Romney is much more than normal Harry Reid as political pugilist: It's also a clear reflection of their contempt for Romney as a politician.
“Harry doesn't respect Romney at all,” said a source familiar with Reid's decision to go on the attack against the Republican nominee.
Although much has been made throughout their career about their penchant for incendiary statements, Reid usually reserves them for enemies they have for whom they have little respect.
For instance, the Senate Majority Leader long viewed George W. Bush as a weak opponent, and as a result they heaped scorn on them for years, famously calling the former president a “liar” at one point during their second term in office.
Reid's counterpart in the Senate, Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, on the other hand has never felt Reid's sharpest barbs, despite an often-acrimonious professional relationship in which both men have sought to make the other a boogeyman. Likewise, even as they waged intense ideological warfare with House Speaker John Boehner, they never unleashed the types of personal insults they have against Romney.
That difference in treatment is a direct result of Reid's respect for McConnell and Boehner, those familiar with the Nevada Democrat acknowledge privately. It is only when Reid finds themselves sparring with someone they view as below him, as they do with Romney, that the truly brutal aspects of their political persona begin to show themselves.
Reid's no-holds-barred attack on Romney's religious life last month was instructive, both in its intensity, and in Reid's capacity to go after Romney in a way that no other Democrat can.
While Democrats across the country were piling on Romney after the leaked 47% fundraiser video, Reid went for the jugular in a conference call with reporters. They told them Romney had “sullied” their faith, and insisted, “he is not the face of Mormonism.” The remarks were met with criticism from both outraged Republicans and skittish Democrats who didn't want to be associated with anti-Mormonism.
“I thought that was way, way out of bounds,” Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican and Mormon, told BuzzFeed. “You can criticize Mitt Romney for a lot of things, but to attack them on their religion I thought was uncalled for and unfounded. Unfortunately, Senator Reid has a reputation of making unfounded attacks.”
Reid defiantly stood their ground. They recognized that, as a Latter-day Saint, they were unencumbered by the potential of being cast as an anti-Mormon, said Jim Manley, a former top aide in Reid's leadership office.
“Reid's a good, committed Mormon, their faith is very important to them and they take it very seriously,” Manley told BuzzFeed. That, in turn, gives them the ability to raise “an issue few have brought up during this campaign election.”
But Manley also said the religious digs went deeper than political opportunism, and reflected Reid's genuinely dim view of Romney's fealty to Mormon teachings about compassion and taking care of the needy.
Reid's ideological differences with Romney represent deeper fault lines that run through American Mormonism. While the vast majority of U.S. Mormons are politically conservative, the church also contains a small but growing group of progressives, many of whom take defiant delight in parking their Obama bumper-stickered mini-vans in their church parking lots. Reid is a sort of folk hero to these types of liberal Latter-day Saints, and has long used their position to argue that Democrats have an important place in the faith.
In keeping with their very public mingling of faith and politics, Reid bristles at the notion that Mormonism should somehow be off limits in this race, Manley said.
“[For Reid] it's no different than raising how Ayn Rand, for instance, relates to Catholic teachings,” Manley said. “The fact is you can't square Ayn Rand with the Gospel of Christ.”
Manley also noted that Reid has worked with Catholic Bishops in opposing Ryan's budget because of its cuts to programs aiding the poor.
“He sees a similar analogy with Romney and the Mormon faith,” Manley said.
On Thursday, Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch used a speech at the Colorado CPAC to predict a desperate Obama campaign would turn their firepower at Romney's faith.
"They're going to get frustrated and clutched —and when I say they mean the Obama people — and before the end of this race they're going to be so clutched that they're going to start attacking Mitt Romney's religious feelings," Hatch said. "And let me tell you something, get prepared for it."
But while it remains unlikely that anyone in Chicago will order an assault on Mormonism — the last untouchable part of the Republican's personal life — Reid will keep taking jabs at Romney, wherever they sense weakness.
“Senator Reid doesn't care” who they make uncomfortable, Manley said. “He's not afraid of controversy.”
They added, “He's a plain-spoken individual… Yes, they sometimes say things others are afraid to say, but many people believe. “
Greetings MechWarriors,We will be rolling back the timeline to 3049 for a few reasons, with the biggest of them being Community Warfare. If we stay at our current timeline of 3051: We end up well beyond the Third Wave of the Clan invasion the Free Rasalhague Republic is in dire straits, and later this year would see the completion of the Fourth Wave. This is not the essence of Community Warfare as we intended to have had when the Clan vs Inner Sphere fighting broke out.This rollback has some inconsistencies involved with it. For example, the “S” variants of some of the Clan ‘Mechs are not available until 3050+. However, 3050+ is when they become widely used throughout the conflict zone, not necessarily when they were created. Players can think of it this way… having access to the “S” variants is sort of like having access to the advanced prototypes of these ‘Mechs.. We will have to bear this inconsistency for now as the Clan Packs are being released before Community Warfare.That being said, rolling back to 3049 puts us in a position where the Clans start taking planets in the Periphery around August. When we launch Community Warfare later this year, players will be able to partake in the Periphery conflict and then move into the First Wave of Operation Revival, where the Clans really start to push into the Inner Sphere itself. This is the true feeling of the Clan Invasion that we wanted from the initial conception of the game and originally suggested a 1-to-1 timeline.When Community Warfare is ready, the Clans will only occupy a small number of planets. This is where players will have the ability to follow a recreation of the Clan Invasion by forcing their way down into FRR territory and harassing House Steiner and House Kurita along the way. However, if the Inner Sphere players are organized, they can even change the course of BattleTech history and try to stop the Clans in their tracks.Regarding the 3 additional clans that join the invasion in Wave 4 (Clan Nova Cat and Clan Steel Viper) and just after Wave 5 (Clan Diamond Shark), we are planning on pulling them into the conflict closer to their reveal dates next year (i.e. as soon as possible).We hope you understand our desire to re-align the timeline to really help bring the impact of what Community Warfare will mean in MWO. We would greatly appreciate your thoughts on the impact of this timeline change and you can provide it here in the feedback thread
Posted by
Armen Bedakian
January 23, 2013
Email
Armen Bedakian
Twitter @ArmenBedakian
Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
Toronto FC hosted their annual media day on January 22, and RedNation Online had a chance to cover the event. The day was filled with player interviews, breaking news, and plenty of chances to catch up with Toronto FC players, as they get set to start preseason training before the first kick in March.
The Ryan Nelsen Saga
We'll start with the biggest news of the day:
Ryan Nelsen will join Toronto FC on February 1, overseeing the club's Orlando training camp and calling it time on their playing career, too. The announcement comes after Kevin Payne's announcement that Toronto FC would honour Nelsen's obligations to QPR, which could have seen Nelsen stay in the Premier League until midway through the season.
However, Nelsen has pushed that timeline forward – they will be joining Toronto FC in a matter of days. They offered an explanation for the various developments in the story.
The idea was that Nelsen did not want to publically disclose their release date in the hopes that other clubs would not take advantage of QPR during the January transfer window. By declaring that they would be gone come February 1st, other outfits could increase the price(s) for their defenders, based on the knowledge that QPR had lost an important piece in Nelsen.
Instead, Nelsen told Toronto FC's fans and press that they would honour their contract, fuelling the notion that they would not see the start of the season, which allowed QPR to manoeuvre through the January transfer window with more freedom.
"Prices would have gone up and salaries would have gone up," explained Nelsen, when asked about the reasons for the mixed messages.
QPR recently signed defender Tal Ben Haim on a short-term loan. They also added French forward Loïc Remy, giving them ample coverage for Nelsen's defensive – and, sometimes, offensive – output. This leaves Nelsen free to begin shifting their frame of mind from player to head coach as they get set to take over at Toronto FC.
Nelsen themselves told press during media day that they thought they had left enough clues to help Toronto FC fans reach this conclusion but with the vagueness of their comments during the initial press conference, this concept had been lost in translation. In any case, Nelsen will suit up one last time for QPR next Tuesday against Manchester City, before heading over to Toronto FC on February 1st.
Coaching Changes
Toronto FC made another coaching change as well, adding a pair of former goalkeepers to the team's ranks: Pat Onstad joins the club as Chief Scout and Manager of Football Partnerships, while former Red keeper Jon Conway was also spotted at the days' media event – the initial report is that they will be involved with the TFC Academy in some form.
In another interesting note: Jon Conway is married to former GolTV and current Hockey Night in Canada personality Andi Petrillo.
Players New and Old:
There were a few new faces at Toronto FC, and RedNation had a chance to talk to many of them. Players like Gale Agbossoumonde, Danny Califf, Justin Braun and Emery Welshman all shared their thoughts on the 2013, and we'll have more in-depth player features in the coming days.
Here's a rundown of some of the new information revealed on media day:
Danny Califf admitted that age they aren't as young as they used to be but is looking forward to taking up a leadership role in the backline. They told RNO about their own personal experience being mentored by Robin Fraser.
Eric Hassli told press they did not wish to leave the club, as had been previously suggested by Ives Galercep, and added that they were happy at Toronto FC. They admitted that they liked Paul Mariner but acknowledged that coaching changes are a part of the game.
Torsten Frings is back in action after training and going through rehabilitation in Germany.  They are ready to start the season, and has confirmed this will be their last year at the club.
Jeremy Hall has re-signed with Toronto FC. The terms of their contract include one guaranteed year along with a couple of added optional years afterward.
Stefan Frei is also healthy and ready to start again for Toronto FC. As the “guinea pig” of the Kia Training Ground's rehabilitation program, Frei spoke highly about the staff and facilities in regards to their recovery process. They also wished Milos Kocic the best of luck in Portland.
Richard Eckersley spoke to us about their transition back into the rightback spot. They said they learned a lot about positioning during their time as a centerback but is pleased to be back in their natural role. They said they enjoyed watching Ryan Nelsen on television and will watch their coach take on Manchester City on Tuesday.
Reggie Lambe told us they expected to return though they are not under the impression that they will be gifted a starting role, offering that they wanted to earn the spot in the starting line up.
Danny Koevermans looked healthy, running down the stairs at the training facility, so their return to the playing field may be closer than we think, though an official statement on their exact returning time has yet to be issued.
Justin Braun is looking to establish themselves at Toronto FC, and is looking forward for a chance to play against Montreal this time around in the local derby. He's also a fan of the Buffalo Bills and said they are looking forward to attending a Bills game at the Rogers Centre.
Gale Agbossoumonde reflected on their time in Germany and in Portugal and stressed that they wanted to impress at Toronto FC.
Joe Bendik, formerly of the Portland Timbers, was asked their opinion on MLS attempting to trademark the “Cascadia Cup,” but offered no comment – they are, instead, committed to Toronto FC, and is looking to battle with Frei for a spot between the posts.
Finally, Emery Welshman was full of praise for Kevin Payne and co., and shared their thoughts and feelings on the SuperDraft, being picked by Toronto FC, the numerous trades down to spot number 16, and playing alongside Kyle Bekker.
Notable absences included: Kyle Bekker, Terry Dunfield, Doneil Henry, Ashtone Morgan, Matt Stinson (Canadian national team call ups); Julio Cesar (not present); Quincey Amarikwa (not present).
Make sure to check back on RedNation Online as we roll out player features and interviews from Toronto FC's 2013 Media Day.
Fox River Grove woman admits selling ex's boat after breakup
A Fox River Grove woman accused of selling their boyfriend's boat after they skipped town with another woman admitted to a reduced charge Monday under a plea deal that allows them to avoid a potential felony conviction.
Kathleen M. Helman, 52, of the 700 block of Northwest Highway, pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of attempted forgery alleging they falsified a title document in August 2006 to consummate the unauthorized sale.
Under the plea agreement, Helman was placed on nonreporting probation for a year, fined $500 and ordered to perform 30 hours of community service. They also must return to court May 7 for a hearing to determine how much restitution they owe their former boyfriend for selling their 1998 22-foot Wellcraft Scarab.
Helman initially had been charged with theft between $10,000 and $100,000, a Class 2 felony punishable by a maximum three to seven years in prison.
Them attorney, Senior Assistant Public Defender Richard Behof, said Helman's name was also on the boat's title and they sold it only when they could no longer afford to make loan payments.
"She had to sell it," they said, adding that they will argue that Helman's ex deserves no restitution. "She was trying not to let their credit go in the toilet."
McHenry County Sheriff's police arrested Helman in November 2008 after an investigation that began when the boat's owner and their new girlfriend returned to the area from Arizona to check on property and belongings they had left behind.
When they discovered their boat was missing, police said, the man went to their bank, believing it had been repossessed. Instead, they discovered it had been sold online for $21,000 to a Minnesota man. Investigators eventually tracked the sale back to Helman who, police said, had forged documents to make it happen.
The Minnesota man, police said, was allowed to keep the boat.
In the context of trade and immigration, borders are often discussed as a means of excluding foreign workers and foreign goods. In one way of thinking, borders provide an opportunity for states to exclude private actors such as workers, merchants, and entrepreneurs. On the other hand, borders can also serve a far more endearing function, and this is found in the fact that borders represent the limits of a state's power. That is, while borders may exclude goods and people, a state's borders also often exclude other states.
For example, East Germany's border with West Germany represented the limits of the East German police state, beyond which the power of the Stasi to kidnap, torture, and imprison peaceful people was far more limited than it was within its native jurisdiction. The West German border acted to contain the East German state.
Similarly, the borders of Saudi Arabia delineate a limit to the Saudi regime's ability to behead people for sorcery or for making critical remarks about the blood-soaked dictators known as the House of Saud.
Even within a single nation-state, borders can illustrate the benefits of decentralization, as in the case of the Colorado-Nebraska border. On one side of the border (i.e., Nebraska) state police will arrest you and imprison you for possessing marijuana. They may kill you if you resist. On the other side of the border, the state's constitution prohibits police from prosecuting marijuana users. The Colorado border contains Nebraska's war on drugs.
Certainly, there are ways for regimes to extend their power even beyond their borders. This can be done by cozying up with the regimes of neighboring countries (or intimidating them), or through the organs of international quasi-state organizations. Or, as in the case of the US and EU, imposing broader policies upon a number of supposedly sovereign states.
Nevertheless, thanks to the competitive nature of states, many states will often find it difficult to project their power into neighboring states, and thus borders represent a very-real impediment to a state's power. This can then open the door to greater freedom, and even save lives as certain states impoverish or make war on their own citizens.
The Case of Venezuela
This principle was illustrated yet again this week as the Venezuelan regime opened its border with Colombia to allow Venezuelans the opportunity to purchase food and other supplies on the Colombian side of the border. The Colombian regime is by no means perfect, but for all its problems, the Colombian regime has not reduced the country's population to desperate poverty amidst collapsing economic and social institutions.
Thus, it is rather easy to buy food and provisions in Colombia while store shelves sit empty in Venezuela.
Fortunately for Venezuelans, Venezuela is contained by the borders of the surrounding nation states, and the ability of the Venezuelan regime to arrest small-time entrepreneurs and and shopkeepers for being "class traitors" ends where Colombian territory begins.
Perhaps not surprisingly, the Venezuelan border with Colombia has been closed for some time. Apparently, the Venezuelan state felt there was too much freedom going on in the borderlands — where smugglers and black-market operators were able to use the frontier with Colombia to get around Venezuela's harsh anti-market policies. The closed border, of course, has only meant that law abiding citizens are excluded from free movement between the countries. Violent criminals, however, function freely in the area, making the Colombia-Venezuela border region especially hazardous.
In spite of all of this, the Colombian border has become a lifeline for Venezuelans now that it has become a source for basic supplies and food, and a partial escape from a life of deprivation forced on the population by the socialist policies of Nicolás Maduro and Hugo Chávez.
Fortunately for the people of South America (and the world), Venezuela is only a medium-sized state, with a total area one-third larger than Texas. One can only imagine how much greater misery could be inflicted on a larger population were Venezuela the size of Brazil or Russia or — worst of all — were it a world government.
The fact that Venezuela is physically limited in size and scope brings relief to those who are able to benefit form the proximity of the border, and those who might trade with foreigners and black-market merchants.
As the AP notes, though, one's "proximity" to the border can be defined according to the desperation that one endures, as illustrated by the fact that some people have traveled ten hours to the border in order to buy food.
The Benefits of Decentralization and Secession
The physical realities of size and distance once again show us the benefits of political secession and decentralization: those who live a mere two hours from the border will have more opportunities to purchase food than those who live ten hours away. Those who live close to the border might also enjoy more opportunities to physically escape from Venezuelan territory were the need to arise.
This situation would be improved were even more decentralization realized and the western provinces of Venezuela were to secede from Venezuela, effectively moving the border eastward.
Imagine, for example, if the state of Zulia in western Venezuela were to expel the Venezuelan military and fully open the border with Colombia. Goods and services would immediately begin to flow into the newly liberated Zulia territory and goods would become far more plentiful.
But this wouldn't just benefit the people of Zulia. The new reality would also mean that the Venezuelan border would stop at Zulia's eastern border making the freedom of the border areas now more accessible to the neighboring states of Trujillo and Mérida, as well. Residents of Trujillo state, who might have been many hours from an external border before, may be now a mere hour from the border, thus allowing more people the ability to travel to the border or make more extensive use of black markets or even legal markets outside the reach of the Venezuela regime.
Ludwig von Mises understood the benefits of this type of piecemeal secession, noting with approval the possibility of allowing provinces and villages the opportunity to secede from one state and join another, or remain independent. The larger a state is, the more resources it controls, and the greater is its ability to impose higher costs on those who might seek to emigrate or escape the central state's rule.
Writing on "self determination," Mises wrote that nations do not have a right to self-determination, but people do, and Mises supported "the right of the inhabitants of every territory to decide on the state to which they wish to belong." In practice, Mises reminds us, this often means breaking up states into smaller pieces:
Whenever the inhabitants of a particular territory, whether it be a single village, a whole district, or a series of adjacent districts, make it known, by a freely conducted plebiscite, that they no longer wish to remain united to the state to which they belong at the time, but wish either to form an independent state or to attach themselves to some other state, their wishes are to be respected and complied with. This is the only feasible and effective way of preventing revolutions and civil and international wars.
Certainly, adopting Mises's plan in this respect would bring nearly immediate relief to many communities currently on the wrong side of the Venezuelan border. Unfortunately, the Venezuelan central government — like most national governments — has rarely shown much hesitation when it comes to brutally repressing "dissidents." Unless a significant ideological change takes place in Venezuela, it's unlikely any such local movement toward "self determination" is likely to be respected.
More States = More Choice
In practice, if we favor free choice, free movement, and the opportunity to escape from overbearing regimes, the answer lies in the creation of more borders and more states. While borders can often work to inhibit the movement of goods and human beings, they can also offer opportunities for greater freedom by limiting the power and reach of existing states.
Moreover, since smaller states have greater trouble regulating markets and peoples beyond their borders, smaller states are more likely to have to rely on open commerce with other states in order to survive and thrive.
Were Venezuela smaller and with more international neighbors, the people of Venezuela would have more opportunities for interacting with areas outside the control of the Venezuelan regime while facing greater opportunities in emigration and trade. In other words, the monopoly enjoyed by the Venezuelan state would be weaker, and the residents there would have more freedom of choice.
The answer really does lie in decentralization which leads to more choice, and thus more freedom:
[T]he practical answer to any current lack of choice (i.e., lack of "self-determination") lies not in the immediate abolition of all states (as no one has ever convincingly described how this might be done) but in the breaking down of existing states into smaller and smaller states... What Mises describes above refers to formal votes and declarations of independence, but the same effects, in practice, can be obtained through the methods of local nullification and separation as suggested by Hans-Hermann Hoppe here. And, of course, de facto secession, for practical reasons may often be preferable. The claim is often made by some doctrinaire and impractical anarchists that secession is a bad thing because it "creates a new state." This is a rather simplistic view, however, given the realities of geography on planet earth. Unless one is forming a new state completely in international waters or in Antarctica or outer space, the creation of any new state will have to come at the expense of some existing state. Thus, the creation of a new state, in say, Sardinia, would come at the expense of the existing state known as "Italy." Deprived by secession of tax revenues and the military advantages of territory, the state that loses territory would be necessarily weakened. In addition to weakening states, the advantage from the perspective of the individual, then, is that they or they now have two states to choose from where only one existed before. The individual now has more options from which to choose a place to live that best suits their or their personal lifestyle, ideology, religion, ethnic group, and more. With each additional successful act of secession, the choices from which each person has to choose to grow larger and larger...
If there's anything the people of Venezuela need right now, it's more choices.
Zoffix Znet really hit the ground running this week! After announcing their IO plan, publishing their progress report for the month of March and waiting for the end of the comment period, they published the IO Upgrade Information, and after some late insights, IO Upgrade Information, Part 2, which contain an up-to-date account how things are progressing. And there's of course the list of IO issues he's working on. If you're interested in these developments, please check these out. And contact Zoffix with any feedback, the sooner the better!
Improving the Robustness of Unicode Support
Samantha McVey put up a grant proposal covering the following deliverables:
Programmatic determination of Unicode names.
Implement Unicode collation algorithm.
Properly support grapheme breaking in Unicode 9.0 and beyond.
Improvements on Unicode database generation.
Documentation of deficits in the support.
Check it out and give them your opinion!
Camelia in the Wild
A new section in the Perl 6 weekly where spottings of Camelia in the wild can be reported. This week's spotting was at a concert of ARW in Brussels.
Try out Perl 6 online
If you would like to try out some Perl 6 code without wanting to install Rakudo, you can now also go to https://tio.run/nexus/perl6! Just type in your code, click the play button and see the result! Too bad it currently runs the 2017.01 release, which is now over 2 months old! Still, if you just want to test some code, that is pretty recent and beats many packages provided by some distributions.
NativeCall Introduction
Naoum Hankache‘s excellent Perl 6 Introduction now has a chapter introducing the NativeCall interface (explaining how you can easily call code from external libraries from your Perl 6 source code). For now that chapter is available in English only, but I have no doubt the other languages (Bulgarian, Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish) will follow soon!
Coverage reports
The Rakudo Perl 6 core has up-to-date coverage reports again. And now we also have coverage reports for Moar, thanks to Samantha McVey. So if you're looking to add some tests to get better coverage, that's where you can find which parts of the system are not tested yet!
Other Core Developments
Jan-Olof Hendig fixed a problem with the total number of tests run using the harness6 (aka the Perl 6 version of prove ) while doing a spectest or stresstest . Which brings us one step closer to running spectest using Perl 6 by default (instead of Perl 5).
fixed a problem with the total number of tests run using the (aka the Perl 6 version of ) while doing a or . Which brings us one step closer to running spectest using Perl 6 by default (instead of Perl 5). Fernando Correa fixed a problem with multi-dimensional hash slices (such as %h{"foo","bar"; "baz"} .
fixed a problem with multi-dimensional hash slices (such as . Daniel Green and Timo Paulssen fixed a problem with unsigned native int s that at some VM level, were not marked as unsigned.
and fixed a problem with unsigned native s that at some VM level, were not marked as unsigned. Samantha McVey improved the speed m:i/ / regex matching between 1.8x and 3.3x (depending on not finding a match / finding a match at the beginning).
improved the speed regex matching between 1.8x and 3.3x (depending on not finding a match / finding a match at the beginning). Jonathan Worthington improved error reporting on Parameter binding, allowing for a slightly better error message that includes the non-matching value and, where the constraint is a named subset type, that type name.
improved error reporting on binding, allowing for a slightly better error message that includes the non-matching value and, where the constraint is a named subset type, that type name. Apart from all of the work on IO , Zoffix also fixed a problem with matching in loops and $/ that affected ~~ as well as .subst , .subst-mutate , Grammar.parse and Grammar.parsefile .
, also fixed a problem with matching in loops and that affected as well as , , and . Elizabeth Mattijsen made a lot of set operators, as well as coercions to Set(Hash) , Bag(Hash) or Mix(Hash) from 30% to 25x faster, mostly by avoiding (where possible) potentially expensive calls to .WHICH . They also made sure that set() , bag() and mix() (aka the empty immutable Set , Bag and Mix ) only exist in memory once. Finally, they also improved TAI / epoch conversions, e.g. making now about 20% faster.
made a lot of set operators, as well as coercions to , or from 30% to 25x faster, mostly by avoiding (where possible) potentially expensive calls to . They also made sure that , and (aka the empty immutable , and ) only exist in memory once. Finally, they also improved / conversions, e.g. making about 20% faster. And as usual many other smaller fixes and improvements.
Blog Posts
Meanwhile on Twitter
Meanwhile on StackOverflow
Meanwhile on FaceBook
Paul Bennett mentioned STOKE, an interesting approach to optimisation:
The ACM has a paper on a new compiler optimization called STOKE. It calls itself “stochastic”, but they seem to mean something other than “random” … more like “capable of working outside the explicit order of operations as given”. It beats gcc -O3 by a significant margin.
Ecosystem Additions
Sparrowdo::Cpanm::GitHub by Alexey Melezhik .
. Platform by Jarkko Haapalainen.
Winding Down
Wow, what a busy week again. Please check in again next week for more Perl 6 news!
Advertisements
You have to give college basketball credit. Just when you think the sport couldn't launch its crazy train any further off the rails, here are this week's top stories in the sport:
* Indictments were handed down to at least seven people in the ongoing federal corruption investigation. Current and former assistant coaches Chuck Person of Auburn, Tony Bland of USC, Book Richardson of Arizona and Lamont Evans of Oklahoma State all were served, as was former referee and clothier Rashan Michel. Other indictments are expected.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
* Georgia Tech coach Josh Pastner had their program fragged by a longtime friend who blew the whistle on themselves and the Yellow Jackets for allegedly providing impermissible benefits to two Tech players. They were left home from the team's trip to China.
* Staying home from China might not be all bad, after three UCLA players were arrested for shoplifting — and the consequences of that rather poor decision could be nightmarish. The Bruins are in Hangzhou to play Georgia Tech, and that's where the trouble allegedly began. One of the three arrested Bruins was LiAngelo Ball, younger brother of Los Angeles Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball, son of human megaphone LaVar Ball.
* Thus Tuesday was supposed to be topped off with a LaVar Ball press conference in Shanghai to address the situation. But the show was canceled before it started, undoubtedly because somebody told Big Baller to shut their big mouth before they cause an international incident that further jeopardizes their son and teammates. Lavar is not exactly Henry Kissinger. They might not even be Dennis Rodman when it comes to Asian diplomacy.
LiAngelo Ball and their UCLA teammates could face 3-10 years in prison if convicted of shoplifting. (AP)
Story continues
Those are your headlines, as college hoops inflicts a few more wounds upon its battered self. When the people making news on a given Tuesday are U.S. Attorneys, a vindictive ex-con, experts on Chinese law and LaVar Ball? Congratulations, college hoops. You've surpassed boxing in the Tawdry Sports Sideshow Hierarchy.
The games start Friday, but clearly the curtain already has lifted on this sport's 2017-18 theater of the absurd.
There also is National Letter of Intent signing day Wednesday, and there is some good news associated with that. Let's just say that this could be the cleanest signing period in college basketball history. With indictments coming down and news about wiretaps and video surveillance and coaches losing jobs, this isn't quite the climate for doling out big dollars for players.
The sport has been scared straight. Or should be. If you're paying players now, you're crazy or desperate or incredibly good at keeping it hidden.
“Do I think it will be clean?” said Michigan State coach Tom Izzo, referring to signing day. “I definitely think it will be cleaner.”
Ringing endorsement of a new era? Not quite. But at least Izzo isn't in the apologist camp, trying to make excuses for the state of the game. Critical self-reflection — if not outright self-loathing — within the coaching profession is wholly appropriate at this point.
“We've got people saying, ‘Let's not put a black eye on the profession,' ” Izzo said. “But there is a black eye, guys. Wake up.”
If the coaches can't issue enough excuses for the sorry state of the sport, others are sure to try. There is no shortage of defenders of the indefensible.
Defend the Georgia Tech players who took the impermissible benefits? Plenty willing to do that. Because, see, players are being shafted by NCAA amateurism rules, so that excuses anything and everything in search of a freebie.
Here's the problem with that: The currently ineligible Yellow Jackets and every other Division I player in America knows the rules. The players in question simply chose not to follow them. You may dislike the rules, but disliking them doesn't mean they no longer apply. If you're not a believer in the 55-mile-an-hour speed limit and decide to drive 70 all the time, you still run the risk of facing consequences. A judge is unlikely to be moved by a defense of, “I don't think the speed limit is fair, so I ignored it.”
Defend the UCLA players who were arrested in China? Surely, some will lament the scary potential legal price they could pay. But if you choose to shoplift in a country with totalitarian tendencies, you lose. This isn't Beverly Hills. Think about that before you allegedly boost something from the Louis Vuitton store next to the team hotel.
(And that, of course, makes this story all the more amazing. The poor collegians, sent on an expense-paid, once-in-a-lifetime trip to China to play ball, allegedly decided they needed some free Louis swag. I mean, how are they supposed to support their Vuitton lifestyle on an amateur student-athlete budget?)
Defend LaVar? A host of enablers already have. He's a marketing genius, they say. He's done a great job raising their kids, they say. He's just having fun, they say.
He's a blowhard who has trampled the parental virtues of humility and civility in search of their next look-at-me moment. If they shut up and let their kids play, we'd all be better for it. And the headlines wouldn't be as big when one of them screws up, as LiAngelo allegedly has in this instance.
But, hey, college basketball welcomed LaVar Ball inside its carnival tent. It welcomed in Ron Bell, the former friend of Josh Pastner who nuked them for not wishing them happy birthday. It welcomed in sneaker pimps and shady agents and financial advisers.
And now, on the eve of a new season, you look at the headlines and realize that there is no reason to wonder why the sport is off the rails.
More from Yahoo Sports:
• Dan Wetzel: Arrested UCLA players released in China, but future is uncertain
• NFL midseason awards and updated Super Bowl predictions
• Why won't the Texans just be honest about Kaepernick?
• Jeff Passan: Roy Halladay was the last of their kind
Your message has been sent successfully
A Saudi millionaire was found innocent of rape charges after claiming they accidentally tripped and fell on an 18-year-old girl who was sleeping on a sofa in their luxury London condo.
The young girl said they woke up in the early hours of the morning and real estate mogul Ehsan Abdulaziz, 46, was raping them
Advertisement:
Abdulaziz had previously slept with the teenager's 24-year-old friend in their bedroom. They claimed that they had walked over to the young girl to offer to give them a t-shirt, when they tripped and fell on her, with their penis still sticking out of their underwear from the previous sexual encounter.
An investigation found that Abdulaziz' semen and DNA were inside the teenage girl, but they claimed this was leftover from having sex with the teen's friend.
The millionaire property developer also blamed the alleged rape survivor for pulling them on top of them "I'm fragile, I fell down but nothing ever happened, between me and this girl nothing ever happened," Abdulaziz said, according to British media reports.
Abdulaziz had met the young women in a high-end London club. They invited them to their private $1,500-per-night table and bought them both drinks.
Later that night, the millionaire offered to drive them home in their lavish Aston Martin car.
Abdulaziz is married and lives with their wife and child. At the time of the incident, the two were spending the summer in the Czech Republic.
Advertisement:
The jury, in London's Southwark Crown Court, acquitted the millionaire after roughly 30 minutes of deliberation.
British publication the Daily Mail reported that, "During the trial, Judge Martin Griffiths permitted the rare step of allowing 20 minutes of Mr Abdulaziz's evidence to be heard in private."
BILL DWYRE Manning leaves hole up middle
The injured Indianapolis quarterback is the ultimate star, with their excellence on the field and regular-guy attitude and sense of humor off it. The winless Colts, of course, miss them most.
With all due respect to Drew Brees, Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers, they aren't Manning. They have their own strengths, their own sensational abilities, their own great successes by which we can measure their excellence. But Manning has had similar or better successes as well as a flair that sets them apart.
There are other greatly talented players, calling signals, throwing passes and leading their teams. But the real field general, the George S. Patton of the NFL, was nowhere to be found, except if you caught a highlight segment of Peyton Manning, clipboard in hand along the sidelines of the once proud and now dreadful Indianapolis Colts.
Missing was that quarterback, standing in the shotgun formation, dissecting the defense, spotting the openings, then flapping their arms and shouting directions like a traffic cop on a busy corner. Nobody in the NFL has ever tapped the baton on the lectern the way they do.
A rainy, chilly Sunday in Los Angeles was a perfect day to catch up on the NFL. A fireplace and a TV remote were the perfect tools.
It is more than just the hand-waving and play-changing at the line of scrimmage, more than the frequent realization that Manning has spotted a shifting linebacker and completed a pass in the space that shift created.
It is their ability to do all that and also be a huge media star, while laughing at themselves and coming across as a regular guy who just happened to win four MVP trophies, lead their Colts to 11 straight playoff appearances and win the Super Bowl in 2007. Sports is entertainment, and if the wittiest, most genuine guy in the room also happens to be the best player, you have the ultimate package.
This isn't Joe Garagiola or Bob Uecker, parlaying decent baseball careers into stardom in front of the TV cameras. This is Joe DiMaggio, hitting in 56 straight games and getting ready for their close-up.
Manning hosts "Saturday Night Live" and is a hit. Manning appears in commercials that leave other athletes looking like functioning robots and comes off like Jay Leno.
Manning goes to Baltimore a few years ago to face the Ravens and the Colts become the Christians, entering the Colosseum. It is the first time that the Indianapolis Colts have returned to play in the city where they were once the Baltimore Colts, to the fans who once embraced them and were jilted in the middle of the night by owner Bob Irsay, who loaded up the vans and sneaked out of Dodge. The game stirs up the anger anew in Baltimore, and has the feel of an ambush.
Manning, who was 8 years old when Irsay backed up the vans in 1984, somehow directs a narrow victory in the most hostile atmosphere, then tells the media afterward, with all sincerity, "I was scared out there. I thought I was going to get shot."
Such anti-macho honesty does not play well in the NFL, unless you are Peyton Manning.
Now, of course, Manning is out, probably for the season, because of an injury. They have had three surgeries in 19 months on a bulging disk in their neck and, at age 35, there are questions about whether they will ever be back behind that line of scrimmage, pointing, orchestrating and driving opposing defenses to drink.
Their loss has had startling consequences. Before this season's opener, the last time somebody else had started at quarterback for the Colts was Dec. 21, 1997. That was a guy named Jim Harbaugh, who, rumor has it, has done well in the next phase of their life. From the opener in 1998, until this season's opener, Manning made 227 consecutive starts.
Manning's absence has made the hearts of some Colts fans grow fonder; with others, the fickle ones, it has made them look elsewhere. Interestingly, the replacement talk is about a player helped to become special by Harbaugh, who coached probable Heisman Trophy winner Andrew Luck at Stanford the last two years before leaving to become the San Francisco 49ers' coach.
It didn't take long for Yifan Lu's investigations to become useful for other hardware hackers! Our community member katsu, guided by Yifan's precise description of the Vita's NAND pinouts, was able to hack their PS Vita in order to boot from a previous firmware, technically performing something very similar to a downgrade. Check the video below, it's cool and full of “electronics ***”, like your favorite cyberpunk movie.
What katsu did was dump their firmware 2.12 (on the NAND), probably using Yifan Lu's technique. They then copied that Firmware dump to an SD card. In the meantime, they upgraded the PS Vita to firmware 3.01. On the video, you see them inserting their SD card in a reader connected to the Vita. The Vita then reads the content of the SD card (the firmware 2.12 they dumped earlier) instead of its own 3.01 NAND.
What the heck does all of that mean? First of all, that Yifan Lu's little experiment in the hardware world is proving successful, by providing inspiration and documentation for other talented hardware modders.
Secondly, that downgrading a PS Vita is a possibility under certain conditions: what the experience proves here is that technically your Vita is able to go back to a firmware that was previously installed on it. This might sound obvious, but it means that installing firmware 3.01 did not “change” anything that would make the Vita backward incompatible with its previous firmwares. That's something that eventually Sony could change, but for now this is promising.
Now don't get me wrong, this doesn't mean downgrading a Vita will become mainstream overnight! The hardware modifications required here are pretty big for now, and more importantly, this would only work with a NAND dump of your own Vita, as it is very likely that the NAND encryption key is specific to each console. One wouldn't be able to downgrade to someone else's firmware. What this means though is that today, someone with cheap hardware and the required skills could dump their Vita 3.01 NAND, upgrade to Sony's next firmware to get all the benefit of the PSN, and boot from firmware 3.01 again whenever they feel like running Total_Noob's Custom Firmware again.
Here again, I am making this sound a bit better than it really is. Katsu did not prove it was possible to write anything back to the NAND, just that they are booting the firmware from an external reader, which according to them takes 10 minutes. Not something very practical for now.
Nevertheless, this is pretty exciting, and could be the first (second?) step in some cool Vita hardware hacks. Let's see how this develops!
Source: katsu on /talk
Could secretive augmented reality startup Magic Leap be working on artificial intelligence for robotics, too?
A brief mention in a lawsuit the company filed this week against two former employees indicates as much. In the suit, filed Thursday in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, Magic Leap alleges that Gary Bradski—who had been Magic Leap's senior vice president of advanced perception and intelligence and has long worked in robotics and AI—worked on proprietary technologies for the company and “was aware of and involved in projects and plans that involved deep-learning techniques for robotics.”
Magic Leap has raised over a billion dollars thus far for its technology, which mixes sharp-looking digital imagery with the real world around you, and has said it will be building this technology into a headset (it hasn't yet released any details about when this might be available or how much it will cost, but Wired recently got to try out such a headset—see “Magic Leap Has a Headset but Its Technology Is Still Mysterious”). The company has said it's creating a new optical chip that relies on silicon photonics in order to make its augmented-reality images work, so the idea that it's also poking around in robotics, or at least robotics-related AI, would fit in with its efforts to explore a range of technologies.
Magic Leap spokesperson Julia Gaynor had no comment on what the company may be doing in the AI robotics space.
The suit alleges that Bradski and another Magic Leap employee, Adrian Kaehler, started working on a new company while they were employed at Magic Leap that is based on confidential information and proprietary technology from Magic Leap.
Gaynor confirmed that Bradski and Kaehler—whom the filing says reported to Bradski and served as Magic Leap's vice president of special projects—no longer work for the company. Bradski did not immediately return requests for comment.
Image: Facebook.com/District6PN
In The Hunger Games, District 6's industry is transportation. The book suggests that addiction to “morphing,” a morphine-like pain medication, is widespread in this district.
So we've got the folks responsible for transporting — be it via driving, flying, navigating, conducting — with the addiction issue. That sounds like a literal train wreck. Let's hope the tributes (entrants in Games) stick to the Games, and steer clear of conducting for the top stock tribute I'm throwing into the investment arena!
Let the Games begin!
The Hunger Games District 6: Human Tributes
Only one tribute is mentioned by name in the book, and he's former tribute, not one in the 74th or 75th Games:
Titus: Titus was a male tribute in an unspecified game, who is mentioned in the book. Titus' weapon was cannibalism. Though the Games are a no-holds-barred competition, cannibalism was even too much for the Capitol audience (I won't provide details so as not to be a spoiler).
Both tributes in the 75th Games were addicted to morphing, and together are referred to as “the Morphlings.”
The Hunger Games District 6: Transportation Industries
Here's a chart showing the commonly used transportation industry classifications (according to Morningstar Inc., which supplies this data to many financial sites), the number of stocks within each that trade on a major U.S. stock exchange and the top 1-year performer within each industry.
Industry # Stocks Top Performer (Ticker), Country 1-Year Return (%)* Air Deliver & Freight 12 Radiant Logistics (RLGT), US 57.2 Major Airlines 7 TAM, S.A. (TAM), Brazil 22.4 Railroads 16 Kansas City Southern (KCU), US 37.1 Regional Airlines 12 Copa Holdings (CPA), Panama 51.4 Shipping 49 Golar LNG (GLNG), Bermuda 90.9 Trucking 23 XPO Logistics (XPO), US 91.2
(*S&P 500 up 8.8% over period. Data to 3/14/12)
The Hunger Games District 6: Transportation Stock Tributes
Methodology for Tribute Selection
I limited the entrants for top stock to the top 1-year performing stocks in each of the transportation classifications. I considered past-performance (such as the 5-yr), as I believe it's relevant. That said, past performance is no guarantee of future performance, so I chose stocks where the current stats look promising for the future performance.
As for the poor stock, I decided to a highlight a major airline, as that industry is notorious for volatile and generally poor longer-term performance. The U.S. has long had an over-capacity issue, which drives prices down. Additionally, airline stock prices are quite sensitive to oil prices — as, as most know, oil prices have soared over the past decade or so.
That said, the poor stock could very possibly perform well in the near future — simply because it's stock price has been beat down so much. In fact, it's likely to bump up over the short-term as the economy continues to improve and people fly more.
There is no doubt I could find smaller transportation company stock that look less promising in the near future. But I think showing just how poorly a major airline performed not only over the 1-year period, but most especially over the 5-year period (see chart), in comparison to a major railroad company is much more illustrative.
Transportation Stock Tributes
Top Stock: Kansas City Southern (KSU)
Poor Stock: U.S. Airways (LCC)
KSU & LCC Vs. S&P 500 (5-Year)
Kansas City Southern ($8.1 billion market cap)
Kansas City Southern, based in Kansas City, MO, is in the freight rail business. It serves various industries, including electric utilities, chemical and petroleum products, paper and forest products, agriculture and mineral products and automotive products.
It has rail routes between Kansas City and various ports along the Gulf of Mexico in Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas. It also has rail lines between Mexico City and Laredo, TX, serving various Mexican industrial cities and three seaports; a rail line from Laredo to the port city of Corpus Christi, TX; and owns half of the rail bridge at Laredo.
Additionally, the company holds a concession to operate a railroad located adjacent to the Panama Canal, as well as operates commuter and tourist passenger services. It also operates a bulk material handling facility at Port Arthur, TX, that stores and transfers petroleum coke from rail cars to ships primarily for export.
The stock returned 37.1% over the past 1-year period. Operating and profit margins are 28% and 16%, respectively, which are considerably higher than industry averages (industry average operating margin is 18%). Last quarter's revenue growth was almost 11%, while earnings grew 75% (earnings growing faster than revenue = expanding margins, a positive). Trailing (12 mos.) P/E (Price-to-Earnings) is 24, and forward P/E is 18. Return-on-Equity (ROE) is 11.5%.
One reason for KSU's recent out-performance is it's exposure to coal (about 14% of total revenue) is lower than its peers', and coal has been in a slump.
KSU should continue to benefit if the U.S. and global economies continue to strengthen.
US Airways Group ($1.2 billion market cap)
US Airways Group (LCC), based in Tempe, AZ, provides passenger air service in the U.S, Mexico, Europe, the Middle East, the Caribbean and Central and South America; and hourly shuttle service between Boston, LaGuardia (NYC) and Washington National. It operates hubs in Charlotte, Philadelphia and Phoenix; and a focus city in Washington, D.C.
The stock returned -20.5% over the past 1-year period. Operating and profit margins (trailing 12 mos.) are 3.5% and 0.5%, respectively. Last quarter's revenue growth was 8.5%, while earnings were down over 33%.
All aboard for the next stop in our Hunger Games Investment Series…District 7: Lumber.
A video game based on the popular reality show Duck Dynasty is heading to new and last-gen consoles, as well as 3DS.
You can check out the trailer below, which appears to cast the player as someone trying to become part of the family by hunting ducks, using duck calls, driving their car, and fishing.
The game is coming to Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and 3DS, as well as PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The game releases October 14 – the same day as Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel and the The Evil Within.
[Source: Duck Dynasty on Facebook, via NeoGAF]
Our Take
I've never actually seen an episode of Duck Dynasty, but whenever I go shopping I always see a plethora of products based on a group of people who could easily be mistaken for wizards if they weren't wearing camouflage. I fear sometimes by being oblivious to the show that I am missing out on a culturally relevant phenomenon that will make me increasingly out of touch the more I ignore it – like the people who didn't go see Star Wars in theatres in 1977. Maybe this release could finally give me an opportunity to learn about this "Dynasty." Either that or it will make an entertaining Test Chamber video.
Just got this press release from Kenko about brand-new extension tubes. The cool thing is that these have electronic contacts for AF and Auto Exposure! There is an auction on ebay UK (Click here). Here is the press release:
—
Kenko Tokina USA, Inc. is proud to announce the availability of the new Kenko AF Extension Tube Set for Micro 4/3rds and Sony E mount. The tube set consists of a 10mm and 16mm extension tubes that can be used individually or together4.
The Kenko extension tubes have all the contacts and circuitry to maintain communication between the camera body and the lens. AF (within the limited macro range) and auto exposure are maintained with this extension tubes1.
Extension tubes are designed to enable a lens to focus closer than its normal set minimum focusing distance. Getting closer has the effect of magnifying your subject (making it appear larger in the viewfinder and in your pictures). They are exceptionally useful for macro photography, enabling you to convert almost any lens into a macro lens at a fraction of the cost while maintaining its original optical quality.
The DG extension tubes have no optics. They are mounted in between the camera body and lens to create more distance between the lens and film plane. By moving the lens father away from the sensor in the camera, the lens is forced to focus much closer than normal. The greater the length of the extension tube, the closer the lens can focus.
Specifications:
Aperture Coupling: Electronic
Included Sizes: 10MM and 16MM
Mount Availability: Micro 4/3rds mount for Olympus and Panasonic Sony E mount for NEX system
Warranty: 1-year limited warranty
Notes:
1. Depending on available light and due to a very shallow depth of field manual focusing may be required if the lens AF will not lock focus.
2. Focal length of the lens should be longer than the focal length of the tube for proper operation.
3. Also, Kenko recommends using a tripod for sharper results during macro photography.
4. Stacking is not possible with the Panasonic 45MM Macro and PZ 45-175MM lenses. However all Panasonic and Olympus lenses work with either the 10mm or 16mm separately. If an error message is displayed when trying to use the tubes together on one of these lenses or any other please use one or the other extension tube separately.
Kenko Tokina USA, Inc. is the exclusive U. S. distributor for Tokina lenses, Hoya filters, Kenko photo accessories and SLIK camera support systems. Kenko Tokina USA provides marketing, sales, distribution, and technical/consumer service and support. Kenko Tokina is located in the original Surf City USA, Huntington Beach, CA and on the Web at www.Kenkotokinausa.com.
Dozens of House Democrats have collectively paid $4 million since 2009 to Pakistani IT professionals now under criminal investigation who had access to House members' email and computer files.
Five people employed by members of the House of Representatives remain under criminal investigation for unauthorized access to Congressional computers. Former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz employed at least one of those under investigation.
The criminal investigation into the five, which includes three brothers and a wife of one of the men, started late last year, as reported by Politico in February. The group is being investigated by US Capitol Police over allegations that they removed equipment from over 20 members' offices, as well as having run a procurement scheme to buy equipment and then overcharge the House.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said last week Capitol Police are receiving additional help for the investigation. “I won't speak to the nature of their investigation, but they're getting the kind of technical assistance they need to do that, this is under an active criminal investigation, their capabilities are pretty strong but they're also able to go and get the kind of help they need from other sources,” Ryan said.
The brothers, Abid, Jamal and Imran Awan, worked as shared employees for various members of the House, covering committees relating to intelligence, terrorism and cybersecurity, which included the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces of the Armed Services Committee.
Imran's wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, both of whom worked as House IT employees, are also under investigation.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz
The group were banned from accessing the computers as a result of the investigation but, as of earlier this month, Imran Awan remains as an “technology adviser” to former Democratic National Committee chair, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign in July following revelations that they worked to further Hillary Clinton's chances of winning the Democratic primary at the expense of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.
News of the brothers' investigation has sparked speculation that it may be tied to the hack of the DNC servers, the contents of which were first released by Guccifer 2.0 and later published on WikiLeaks.
Russian actors have been accused of being behind the hack, which Democrats claim contributed to Clinton's loss to Donald Trump. There have also been reports that the DNC hack came from an insider.
@Cernovich Can't blame the Russians for Awan brothers, why is no one talking about them since were investigating leaks! — JCross (@ccross5882) March 21, 2017 @Cernovich Were Dems really hacked? Looks like they'll give just about anybody access to their computers. No ? asked. — Sr Admin Official (@Im_Effin_Dunn) March 20, 2017 @TomFitton What is the actual proof specifically that in fact it was Russia doing hack of DNC because Awan Brothers issue disturbs me — Cheryl Aschenbrenner (@CherylAschenbr2) March 21, 2017
An email between DNC staffers in April 2016, which was released by WikiLeaks, references a staff member named Imran and how this person has access to the passwords for Wasserman Schultz's iPad.
Garret Bonosky, deputy director of office of the DNC chair, tells Amy Kroll: “I have to get [this iPad] thing figured out. Need to make sure I have their username and password before I delete and reload the app.”
“I do not have access to their ipad password, but Imran does,” Kroll replies, later writing: “Just spoke to Imran, call me whenever GB and I'll update you, don't delete anything yet.”
Another email from the DNC hack, dated December 2016, references Imran once again. Wasserman Schultz's assistant Rosalyn Kumar tells scheduler Anna Stolitzka: “[Nancy] Pelosi is doing [a] closed door meeting. No staff or anyone allowed. Kaitlyn come to Rayburn room and get their iPad for Imran.”
6-Figure Salaries
The brothers were paid high salaries for their work with various House members, above the median salary for Congressional staffers.
Imran, who started working for Wasserman Schultz in 2005, received $164,600 in 2016, with close to $20,000 of that coming from Wasserman Schultz.
Jamal, who started working as a staffer in 2014, was paid $157,350.12 in 2016.
Abid, who started working in 2005, was paid $160,943 in 2016.
Hina Alvi, who was employed as a staffer from February 2007, was paid 168,300 in 2016.
Rao Abbas was paid $85,049 in 2016.
The Daily Caller reports that Imran received $1.2 million in salary since 2010, while Abid and Alvi received over $1 million each.
House Democrats supporting the employees have suggested that the Pakistani nationality of the suspects may have inspired the investigation.
via
Clapham Junction railway station ([3]) is a major railway station and transport hub near St John's Hill in south-west Battersea in the London Borough of Wandsworth. It is 2 miles 57 chains (2.71 mi; 4.37 km) from London Victoria and 3 miles 74 chains (3.93 mi; 6.32 km) measured from London Waterloo;[4] it is on the South Western main line as well as numerous other routes and branch lines passing through or diverging from the main line at this station. Despite its name, Clapham Junction is not located in Clapham, a district situated approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) to the south-east.
Routes from London's south and south-west termini, Victoria and Waterloo, funnel through the station, making it the busiest in Europe[5] by number of trains using it: between 100 and 180 per hour except for the five hours after midnight. The station is also the busiest UK station for interchanges between services.[6]
History [ edit ]
Before the railway came, the area was rural and specialised in growing lavender; the street Lavender Hill is east of the station. The coach road from London to Guildford ran slightly south of the future station site, past The Falcon public house at the crossroads in the valley between St. John's Hill and Lavender Hill.
On 21 May 1838 the London and Southampton Railway became the London and South Western Railway (L&SWR), and opened its line from Nine Elms as far as Woking. That was the first railway through the area but it had no station at the present site.
Details of roof support columns
The second line, initially from Nine Elms to Richmond, opened on 27 July 1846. Nine Elms was replaced in 1848 as the terminus by Waterloo Bridge station, now Waterloo. The line to Victoria opened by 1860. Clapham Junction opened on 2 March 1863, a joint venture of the L&SWR, the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) and the West London Extension Railway (WLER) as an interchange station for their lines.[7]
When the station was built, much of Battersea was the site of heavy industry while Clapham, a mile south-east of this point, was fashionable. The railway companies, to attract a middle- and upper-class clientele, seized the unindustrial parish calculating that being upon the slopes of Clapham's plateau would only re-inforce this distinction, leading to a long-lasting misunderstanding that the station is in Clapham. The railway companies were not alone in eschewing the name of Battersea; from the 1880s until the 1950s the imposing private houses forming the streets of the district were commonly recorded by property-owning residents as 'Clapham Common N. Side, London' and 'Clapham Common W. Side, London' despite being well away from those park-side streets.[8][9]
Additional station buildings were erected in 1874 and 1876.
Whereas the station brought wealthy streets to Battersea its adjoining (entirely modernised) manual railway works and the large Battersea Power Station brought slums, the population of which rose from 6,000 in 1840 to 168,000 by 1910. Battersea's slums unfit for human habitation were entirely replaced with council and charitable housing between 1918 and 1975.
Discontinued proposals [ edit ]
A £39.5 million planning application from Metro Shopping Fund was withdrawn before governmental planning committee consideration on 20 May 2009.[n 1]
A 'Heathrow Airtrack' to reduce the 95-minute journey by tube and Gatwick Express to Gatwick and unite the Great Western Main Line with Heathrow, Gatwick and the South Western Main Line was cancelled in 2011 following improvements to the 2005-built Heathrow Connect track from Hayes and Harlington and practical impediments, such as pressure for continued high-frequency services on the three deemed-'entrenched' semi-fast and slow services between Clapham Junction and Staines. Overground, the change would have been at Clapham Junction.[10]
Incidents and accidents [ edit ]
Clapham rail disaster [ edit ]
On the morning of 12 December 1988 two collisions involving three commuter trains occurred slightly south-west of the station. Thirty-five people died and more than 100 were injured.[11]
Track bombing [ edit ]
On the morning of 16 December 1991, a bomb ripped through tracks on one of the station's platforms, causing major disruption to the rail network. The Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) claimed responsibility.[12]
The Junction [ edit ]
The station is named Clapham Junction because it is at the junction of several rail lines. The name is not given to any rail junction near the station which, without end-on intercompany junctions, are:
Falcon Junction at the south end of the station, where the West London Line (WLL) joins the Brighton Slow Lines
Ludgate Junction at the eastern end of the Windsor Line platforms to the WLL
Latchmere SW Junction connecting the WLL to the Windsor lines at Ludgate Junction.
Latchmere Main Junction connecting the WLL to the Brighton Line at Falcon Junction.
West London Extension Junction and Junction for Waterloo, relaid for Eurostar empty-stock moves from the Windsor Lines to the WLL.
Pouparts Junction where the low-level and high-level approaches to Victoria split.
The station today [ edit ]
Each day about 2,000 trains, over half of them stopping, pass through the station, more than through any other station in Europe.[13] At peak times 180 trains per hour pass through of which 117 stops. It is not the busiest station by number of passengers, most of whom (about 430,000 on a weekday, of which 135,000 are at rush hours) pass through. Interchanges make some 40% of the activity and on that basis too it is the busiest station in the UK.[14]
In 2011 the station had three entrances, all with staffed ticket offices, though only the south-east entrance is open 24 hours a day. The most heavily used of the three, this leads from St John's Hill via a small indoor shopping centre into a subway some 15 ft (4.6 m) wide, that connects to the eastern ends of all platforms.
The north entrance, which has restricted opening hours, leads from Grant Road to the same subway. The subway is crowded during rush hours, with the ticket barriers at the ends being pinch points.
The south-west entrance, also known as the Brighton Yard entrance, as the buildings still bear signage for the London Brighton and South Coast Railway, is of a more traditional appearance, with a Victorian station building set at the back of a large forecourt. This entrance leads to a very wide covered footbridge, which joins the western ends of all platforms. This entrance includes cycle parking and a taxi rank. It was re-opened in May 2011 as part of a wider programme of access improvements that included installing lifts to the platforms.[15]
There are public and disabled toilets at the south-west entrance. There are refreshment kiosks in the subway, on the footbridge and on some platforms; and a small shopping centre, including a small branch of Sainsbury's supermarket, in the south-east entrance.
British Transport Police maintain a neighbourhood policing presence,[16] whereas the Metropolitan Police Service and the part-Transport for London funded Safer Transport Command provides a police presence in the area outside the station.
9 December 2012 saw the opening of a new platform for the East London Line, creating an orbital railway around inner London.[17]
Overcrowding is most frequent in the often convenient but narrow cross-platform subway. Using this rather than the wide, elegant flying concourse for interchange, a visitors' eyes assessment of fabric and environment listed Clapham Junction in the most needy 10% of Department for Transport category B stations.
Platforms [ edit ]
The subway at Clapham Junction during night.
The station has 17 platforms, 1 to 17:
Sidings leading into railway sheds at the west of the station are located between platforms 6 and 7.[18]
Platforms 7 to 11 are through platforms used by South Western Railway services going to or from Wimbledon and beyond. Some long-distance services (from places such as Portsmouth Harbour or Weymouth) that do not call at the station also pass through these platforms.[18]
Clapham Junction platforms
Services [ edit ]
All South Western Railway services from Waterloo pass through the station, as do Southern and Gatwick Express trains from Victoria. The West London Line and East London Line services of London Overground have Clapham Junction as one of the termini.
The typical off-peak service of more than 120 trains an hour comprises:
During peak hours on weekdays express services on the South Western Main Line and outer suburban services to Alton and Basingstoke typically do not stop at the station.
The footbridge.
Clapham Junction in 2001.
Future proposals [ edit ]
In 2007 the alignment of one of the two variants of Crossrail 2, that via the station rather than Putney and Wimbledon, was safeguarded. The Department for Transport and Transport for London continue to discuss proposal for a Clapham Junction Northern Line extension and its London Underground alignment has been legally reserved through Battersea Park,[21] and would connect Clapham Junction to the London Underground for the first time.
Government and Network Rail funding for in the early 2010s of £50 million of improvements was granted.[22] This comprised an upgrade to the main interchange: new entrances and more retail.[23]
In a Network Rail study it is proposed that platform 0 could reopen for 8-car operations of the West London Line.[24]
Connections [ edit ]
London Buses routes 35, 37, 39, 49, 77, 87, 156, 170, 219, 295, 319, 337, 344, 345, 639, 670, C3 and G1 and night routes N19, N31, N35 and N87 serve the station.[25][26]
Notes and references [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ The 2009 Metro Shopping company plan included a new entrance on St John's Hill, the straightening and extension of platforms 15 to 17, more ticketing facilities, step-free access to all platforms by 2011, a new step-free entrance on Grant Road, and a new 'high street' from St John's Hill to Falcon Road with retail space and arthouse cinema. Profitable immediate funding was planned via radical height 42-storey residential buildings above the station.
A 14-year-old boy who became separated from a friend on a northern Utah hunting trip was found safe Sunday after spending the night in 4-degree weather.
The boy was taken to the hospital after they called 911 from a landline just before 6 a.m. Sunday at the Anteploe Island Causeway in Syracuse, Fox 13 in Salt Lake City reports.
“The juvenile had somehow made their way to that location and was calling for help,” the Weber County Sheriff's Office said in a new release. “It was reported they appeared confused and was somewhat delusional.”
Their condition is unknown at this time, the station reported.
The boy and their friend had gone hunting in the marshes of Ogden Bay in Hooper around 2 a.m. Saturday.
Around 9 p.m. Saturday the friend notified authorities that they had become separated.
As searchers arrived on the scene the missing boy called 911 a couple of times on their cellphone but it appeared they were disoriented, the sheriff's office said.
Several agencies responded to assist in the search for the boy, Fox 13 reported.
Click here for more from Fox 13.
Beyond the political underpinning, the fake news agenda and the plethora of VR experiences, the one technology to really know about while at SXSW in Austin this year, was artificial intelligence (AI). That sentence has to be taken with a pinch of salt, because it's almost impossible to think of AI as a single idea, or indeed even a “trend” these days, for the very fact it is so fundamentally beginning to underpin everything we do.
Christian Ward, senior editor of media and marketing at trends service Stylus, referenced Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, who said: “We are on the cusp of a paradigm shift in computing that is like nothing we've seen in decades.” We've been living in a world that has slowly become mobile-first, they explained, but we're moving to one that is ultimately AI-first.
The view at SXSW was broken down into really what this means, both at a top line societal level and at the more applicable brand one.
Ray Kurzweil, author, computer scientist, inventor and futurist, for instance, stood by their prediction that we'll achieve Singularity – the idea that machines reach human consciousness – by 2029. “I agree it will take 40 years at today's rate of progress to reach Singularity. But we'll make 40 years of progress in 13 years because the rate keeps accelerating,” they explained.
It's that idea that raised the most concerns of the week. While Kurzweil sees it as an extension of ourselves and of benefit to society, rather than a dystopian view of robots taking over our culture once they can make their own decisions, others see a more practical yet negative version of this where robots do indeed become a dominant force and it's human jobs they're ruling.
Bill Ford, executive chairperson of Ford Motor Company, for instance argued that autonomous vehicles are not only coming but will be incredibly advantageous to urban populations. The issue we have to get ready for is what that looks like for the estimated 3.5 million truck drivers in the US alone it will render unemployed.
“As a society, the benefits will be awesome, but we have to think about the impact on individuals… We have to start training people now for redeployment. We need to think about what transitions we can do as a society to get ready for these things,” they said.
Science fiction author Bruce Sterling, meanwhile, took that one step further in their annual closing keynote of the festival, by arguing that our ancestors wouldn't congratulate us for giving humanity to robots. They outlined a myriad of potential circumstances that might follow a universal basic income setup, each of them no better than the last. “We're using the turbulence of technology to ignore the needs of future generations,” they said, pushing back on the very idea this is a smart move. “When we say our machines are rendering us useless we are buying into a suicidal mentality. Lethal moral despair is one of our vices.”
The flip of that existential debate at SXSW was around how AI is infiltrating at the brand level. In this space, it's really about making sense of complex data through machine learning, therefore enhancing and augmenting capabilities rather than merely removing human roles.
Harley-Davidson for instance uses an AI tool from Adgorithm called Albert to match similar audiences to its current database – finding lookalike customers who might be interested in purchasing a motorbike through machine learning. It now attributes 40% of its sales in New York to this, Ward at Stylus explained.
They also highlighted that lingerie brand Cosabella has worked with AI company Sentient Technologies to test the design of its website in real-time. In doing so it condensed six months of testing into 30 days and saw a 38.4% lift in conversions. Cosabella has also worked with Albert.
Both examples present relevance to wider industries to think about around data analysis and web integration. But Disney also took to the stage to talk about how it is using AI as a tool for storytelling. Jon Snoddy, who leads the R&D studio for Walt Disney Imagineering, said: “The exciting thing for us about AI is the way it's going to allow us to get closer to our characters. In the old days there was the stage and the audience and they were kept separate. Now we can do things that allow the characters to be among the audience.”
This particularly links to the rise of chatbots; the idea that customer service is handed out to artificial intelligence. This was a big emerging focus of 2016, with the debate this year swinging to whether they're working or not.
“Even the most basic [chatbots] are helping to make the concept of efficient interaction with brand marketers much more mainstream,” Ward explained. There are now 34,000 available via Facebook Messenger.
With the technology still so early, several panels discussions at SXSW focused on the idea of keeping the conversations simple so as not to overpromise to the consumer. “There's absolutely a purpose for a bot in our lives. A good bot does one thing really well, and that's it. If it can crush it, that's key,” Sam Olstein, global director of innovation for GE Corporation, said.
A key further discussion around chatbots lay in the need for personality. As it stands, most interactions feel as though you're dealing with a machine at the other end, with a focus on utility and practicality (whether on Facebook or via the wave of voice based interfaces in the likes of Alexa and Google Home), and not on the human side of emotion, speakers said. That's where the opportunity lies.
A keyword that kept coming up time and time again, therefore, was empathy. As Ben Hourahin, strategy partner at AnalogFolk wrote for AdNews: “The central question has frequently been the same. How do we bring human nature into the machine paradigm? VR & human behaviour, AI & human cognition, BOTS & human emotion – while the sessions go on and on – the integration of ‘HI' (human intelligence) has been the central question in pretty much all of them. We absolutely have to develop more human like interactions in this space if we are to make them truly consumer friendly.”
“Let's put emotional intelligence and emotional tolerance back in the centre of the way that we design these AI experiences,” said Nilesh Ashra, director of creative technology at Wieden+Kennedy Portland, ahead of the festival.
Melanie Cook, strategy and consultancy lead at SapientRazorfish, took this one step further by focusing on the idea of a combination of humans and machines as the magic. “It is estimated we have a 30 year grace period before AI completely takes over the workplace. We therefore have a once in lifetime opportunity to design it to augment not replace us… if we don't, we will lose the opportunity to embrace it at all,” they explained.
In doing so they outlined the difference between AI and IA, or intelligent augmentation. Where AI is about reproducing human cognition and functioning autonomously, IA is about supplementing and supporting it, leaving the intentionality of the human at the heart of it. Something like IBM Watson, for instance, is really an IA business, they explained – it helps people with the massive amount of unstructured data out there.
By shining a light on things that a human alone can't do, and focusing on this idea of augmentation primarily, we can design empathy and relevancy into it, they noted.
This story is a condensed version of a wider summary of SXSW 2017 over on Fashion & Mash, which looks beyond AI to the roles VR and blockchain are also playing in the future, applying them specifically to impact for the fashion and retail industries.
Post written by Leo Babauta.
Most online marketing people will teach you how to use social media to reach a larger audience, how to use email lists and the scarcity principle and social proof, how to create authority, how to effectively convert pageviews into sales.
Most marketers, online or off, are full of it.
Converting visitors into buyers is a soul-less use of your creative energy. Reject it, out of hand.
I find more value in creating something of value. I find influence a better metric than sales or traffic or reader numbers.
And I've learned something that the screaming marketers will never tell you: instead of screaming, prefer quiet.
When everyone yells “Look at me!”, become quiet.
When others seek attention, turn your attention inward.
When everyone wants pageviews and sales, be valuable.
When others try to pull visitors to their sites, let people find you themselves.
When most blogs have popups and drop-downs urging readers to subscribe to their newsletters, get out of your readers' way.
When others brag of their success, let others laud you instead.
When others cling greedily to copyrights, give your work away.
When others use goals to drive themselves to change the world, learn to be content, and people will ask to learn your secrets.
I've found all of the above to be true. When you've created something of real value, you don't need to do any marketing, spend any money on advertising, or push people to subscribe.
People will find you, and they'll think you're so great they want to tell their friends about it. Your readers will become your marketers. Your value will become your advertising budget.
Imagine owning a muffin shop. If the muffins are commonplace, you'll have to advertise and do some “guerilla marketing” to get customers. But if your muffins make people roll their eyes in ecstasy, they will tell the world of your deliciousness, and the world will pound on your muffin-scented door.
Become quiet, find contentedness, become valuable. These trump marketing every time, and as you learn to listen to your inner music, you can now ignore the marketers hawking their oils of snakedness.
The name of the waterfront neighbourhood in the east end of Toronto with the boardwalk and Kew Gardens? There's a chance you know it as the Beach, or, perhaps more controversially, the Beaches. Historically speaking, the community at the end of the 501 streetcar has long used the singular title, but things got decidedly murky one summer night in 1985.
Late one evening in mid August, Mary Campbell of Benlamond Avenue went to sleep in their Beach home. They woke up in the Beaches. Over night, the city had unscrewed the old acorn-style signs on Queen Street East and installed 14 new ones between Bellefair and Hammersmith Avenues with "The Beaches" written across the top. It wasn't a popular decision.
"It's very obnoxious for people who've lived here for a while to see this," Campbell, who was also the president of the East Toronto Beaches Historical Society, told the Toronto Star. "I've lived here more than 40 years and my parents lived here in the 1920s and It's always been the Beach."
They were right: The neighbourhood was often called the Beach, especially by long-time residents, though there were notable exceptions such as the Beaches Branch Library, which opened in 1916. The Beaches, however, made perfect sense to outsiders. The neighbourhood was home to Woodbine, Kew, and Balmy beaches even if it was a single continuous stretch of sand.
But the sign switch was indicative of a bigger change in the community; a sudden influx of outsiders is changing the feel of the neighbourhood.
M. Jane Fairburn in their book Along the Shore: Rediscovering Toronto's Waterfront Heritage, says that in the 1960s it was virtually impossible to find a business in the Beach that sold alcohol, with the exception of the Orchard Park Tavern across from Greenwood Raceway.
As Robert Fulford wrote in Accidental City, "the 1970s were a kind of cultural nightmare" for the Beach's old guard. "It was like going to sleep in your home town and waking up in a garish Hollywood movie set."
On the signs, the Beaches Business Association and the local BIA weren't to be swayed. They had designed and paid $1,400 for the signs and even consulted with the public, they said.
"We knew we wouldn't be able to please everybody, so we took a long dispassionate look at the situation," Arthur Salvatore, an executive member, told The Star. "Historically, this area encompasses more than one beach. The plural of beach is beaches. The media and anyone living outside the area knows it as the Beaches. And the majority of people who have moved here recently call it by that name," they said.
Locals said the BIA didn't have the right to make alterations to the street and insisted Beaches was a shunned commercial and real estate term. An error by the city had allowed the signs to be installed without the consent of local aldermen, Dorothy Thomas and Tom Jakobek.
"I fed up with everything that's happened to the Beach," Shelley Shields, another 40-year resident, told The Star. "I'm tired of people walking in and changing this place."
The unpopular signs didn't last much more than a month. In October 1985, the war of words came to an end with the return of acorn-style signs displaying only the name of the street, but still the Beaches name persisted.
In 2006, the Beaches BIA (still plural) again tried its luck with new street signs, these labelling the area "The Beach," resulting in an outcry from hardcore pluralists. A public vote to settle the interminable matter one way or the other resulted in a narrow win for the singularists and the BIA dropped the two controversial letters from the end of its name.
So where do we stand today? I polled several local news outlets for their style guidelines regarding the Beach, or Beaches. The Toronto Star style committee head said, definitively, it's the Beach at 1 Yonge Street. The Globe and Mail, which publishes its style guide online, says "we do not use the singular ... but there is no need to change quotes from neighbourhood old-timers who do so."
Ron Wadden, the Toronto editor of the National Post, says their paper is torn and frequently ends up using both names, though they personally prefer Beaches.
The government says it's plural tool; MP Matthew Kellway, MPP Michael Prue, and councillors Janet Davis and Mary-Margaret McMahon all represent Beaches-East York.
The street signs still say "The Beach."
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow them on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Images: City of Toronto Archives, Toronto Public Library,
regizer239 Profile Joined March 2012 Guam 327 Posts Last Edited: 2013-09-30 21:28:23 #1
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=135851&db=issue
iloveoov talks about current state of SC2 in Korea and shares their thoughts on the game as a whole.
Credit for translation goes to Reddit user allmylifethereyougo
"The vibe of venues has changed a lot. I saw a girl wandering around in the venue so I thought they were a reporter but turned out to only be a fan. I once saw somebody who I thought was a fan walking around while scraping their slippers along the floor, not picking up their feet. They turned out to be a coach. Things seemed very amateurish(?) but during my two hear hiatus I just figured that these things will be fixed as time goes on."
Reporter: What are your thoughts on SC2?
"Before my military service, I played SC2 a lot. After a while of playing it, I felt nostalgic and loaded up SC1 and had more fun. This is me telling the truth. But after playing HOTS I have not loaded SC1 again. All in all, HOTS is better than WOL"
Reporter: what do you think is the biggest problem with SC2?
"I have played all blizzard games with the exception of WC3. In WoW, there was a character called the Warlock. They could win 2:1 and 3:1. But blizzard kept releasing balance patches. WoW has 10 classes but I saw as blizzard kept releasing buffs and nerfs. So what ended up happening was, people started playing Warlock when it was powerful but soon jumped to Hunter when that was proven to be powerful. One day I awoke to see that they were also doing the same thing to SC2."
Reporter: I think you're referring to something other than balance.
"Let's compare the two games; In SC1, they only released bug patches and was relatively untouched for ten years. We would do starleagues where at times there would only be one or two protosses. Terrans would occupy more than half the pool. If David Kim were there at that time they would have buffed protoss. That would have meant that we would have been without the exciting and awe-inspiring play of Bisu's prime. Protoss was the minority race and difficult. Thus, its play was given birth to by players like Reach and Nal_Ra. To be frank, I think it is David Kim who creates the winner when it is the gamer who must create the game. It doesn't matter what I say though; the truth is David Kim will keep on tweaking the game. I don't know what their true motives are. Is it to create a 5:5:5 of balance? I truly do not know."
How good would you say your players are at the moment?
"Honestly, about average. I asked them individually about this and they seemed to agree. If proleague were to open now, I don't think we would get very far. We're in a situation where we must try harder.
-You had a nickname as the old build cutter because of your prowess at making them. What about SC2?
"SC2 is an easier game so I think it is easier to make builds. I have made about two Terran strategies. I gathered the players and gave them a preview not too long ago telling them that it was only the first part of my return to the scene. But, what I have realized during this job is that it's not about making builds but making it so that the players will/can use them. Pro-gamers are surprisingly conservative. They'll stick to their winning ways. Of course, if a player is truly out of ideas and wins using a build the coach told them to do, they will become reliant on you. Coaches have to be careful while also forming strategies based on the current trend. That's my belief."
"It was just hard to do transitions in SC1 but in SC2, you can do them on a whim. Thus, it is easier to make builds until it is stopped by the balance patch. For example, I made a build with emphasis on the widow mine until it was nerfed. I have made one with the banshee in mind but I fear for it getting nerfed as well."
"In SC1, even builds had a history. It was on a course of innovation. If you look at PvZ, there was 2 Gates, 1 Gate, and they even came up with forge double nexus. Protosses were so bent on being safe from early lings until came the Bisu build. If you keep balancing a game saying that it's too hard without even going through these cycles then your game ends up being a never ending beta test. I even heard that Boxer had emailed David Kim about this. Judging from their skepticism, I don't think David Kim ever replied.
Full interview:iloveoov talks about current state of SC2 in Korea and shares their thoughts on the game as a whole.Credit for translation goes to Reddit user"The vibe of venues has changed a lot. I saw a girl wandering around in the venue so I thought they were a reporter but turned out to only be a fan. I once saw somebody who I thought was a fan walking around while scraping their slippers along the floor, not picking up their feet. They turned out to be a coach. Things seemed very amateurish(?) but during my two hear hiatus I just figured that these things will be fixed as time goes on.""Before my military service, I played SC2 a lot. After a while of playing it, I felt nostalgic and loaded up SC1 and had more fun. This is me telling the truth. But after playing HOTS I have not loaded SC1 again. All in all, HOTS is better than WOL""I have played all blizzard games with the exception of WC3. In WoW, there was a character called the Warlock. They could win 2:1 and 3:1. But blizzard kept releasing balance patches. WoW has 10 classes but I saw as blizzard kept releasing buffs and nerfs. So what ended up happening was, people started playing Warlock when it was powerful but soon jumped to Hunter when that was proven to be powerful. One day I awoke to see that they were also doing the same thing to SC2.""Let's compare the two games; In SC1, they only released bug patches and was relatively untouched for ten years. We would do starleagues where at times there would only be one or two protosses. Terrans would occupy more than half the pool. If David Kim were there at that time they would have buffed protoss. That would have meant that we would have been without the exciting and awe-inspiring play of Bisu's prime. Protoss was the minority race and difficult. Thus, its play was given birth to by players like Reach and Nal_Ra. To be frank, I think it is David Kim who creates the winner when it is the gamer who must create the game. It doesn't matter what I say though; the truth is David Kim will keep on tweaking the game. I don't know what their true motives are. Is it to create a 5:5:5 of balance? I truly do not know.""Honestly, about average. I asked them individually about this and they seemed to agree. If proleague were to open now, I don't think we would get very far. We're in a situation where we must try harder."SC2 is an easier game so I think it is easier to make builds. I have made about two Terran strategies. I gathered the players and gave them a preview not too long ago telling them that it was only the first part of my return to the scene. But, what I have realized during this job is that it's not about making builds but making it so that the players will/can use them. Pro-gamers are surprisingly conservative. They'll stick to their winning ways. Of course, if a player is truly out of ideas and wins using a build the coach told them to do, they will become reliant on you. Coaches have to be careful while also forming strategies based on the current trend. That's my belief.""It was just hard to do transitions in SC1 but in SC2, you can do them on a whim. Thus, it is easier to make builds until it is stopped by the balance patch. For example, I made a build with emphasis on the widow mine until it was nerfed. I have made one with the banshee in mind but I fear for it getting nerfed as well.""In SC1, even builds had a history. It was on a course of innovation. If you look at PvZ, there was 2 Gates, 1 Gate, and they even came up with forge double nexus. Protosses were so bent on being safe from early lings until came the Bisu build. If you keep balancing a game saying that it's too hard without even going through these cycles then your game ends up being a never ending beta test. I even heard that Boxer had emailed David Kim about this. Judging from their skepticism, I don't think David Kim ever replied.
Australia Test spinner Nathan Lyon is set to play in the 'A' series against India at Allan Border Field next week, their first competitive match since working under the tutelage of legendary off-spinner Muthiah Muralidaran.
Lyon had been on standby for the series, and has spent the past week at the National Cricket Centre in Brisbane while Australia A played out a draw with India A on the adjacent AB Field.
The prospect of Lyon playing in the second of two four-day matches was first raised yesterday by cricket.com.au and confirmed this morning by Cricket Australia.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann, the on-duty selector for the Brisbane leg of the Australia A Tour, said: "Nathan has been added to the squad to give them the opportunity to play some first-class cricket in preparation for Australia's upcoming tour against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates in October."
Lyon's addition to the squad raises the prospect of Australia A playing two spinners in the second match against India A, with the same pitch that produced 1,294 runs in the first match to be used again.
Quick Single: Murali magic rubs off on Lyon
Leg-spinner Cameron Boyce failed to snare a breakthrough on the final day at AB Field, but their four wickets in the first innings suggest they did enough to warrant another chance in front of their home crowd.
Australia A coach Michael Di Venuto said playing two matches on the same pitch meant changes to the playing XI were likely.
“Obviously we'll assess the conditions. We're going to play on the same wicket I believe, so we'll see how that comes up and obviously we've got to see where we're at with our bowlers and if there's niggles, or we may rest a couple of people,” Di Venuto told cricket.com.au
“We've got a few people in our squad who we can call upon, so we'll assess that over the next couple of days, have a look at the wicket and come up with an XI.”
The second match starts on Sunday before both teams head to Darwin for a quadrangular limited-overs series with South Africa A and Cricket Australia's National Performance Squad.
JULIA Gillard has announced that Australians will be asked to "vote yes" in a referendum on including local government in the constitution when they go to the polls on September 14.
Ms Gillard said the move had bipartisan support and was important to recognise a significant level of government in our society.
"I will be asking Australians when they go to the polls to vote yes to communities, to vote yes to local government," Ms Gillard said in Brisbane.
"This referendum will be presented in a bipartisan spirit. The Leader of the Opposition has indicated they would be prepared to support this."
Local Government Minister Anthony Albanese said the referendum would recognise "the reality of modern Australia".
"Local government has long ago moved beyond being rates, roads and rubbish," Mr Albanese said
"The change will not impact the relationship that local governments have to state governments."
The move was immediately welcomed by local government groups.
Recommended by a parliamentary committee, it comes after a recent successful High Court challenge to the federal government's school chaplaincy program put in doubt other federally funded schemes.
The draft legislation and the proposed words on the referendum will be released shortly.
"We are asking the Australian people to support a small but important change to our constitution so that the existing practice of Federal Government support for local communities is formally recognised in our constitution," Ms Gillard said.
"In just the last five years, the Commonwealth has partnered with local government to deliver over 6000 community projects such as libraries, indoor and outdoor sporting facilities, pools, walking trails, roads and bridges, in every single community."
The referendum may be uncomfortable for Opposition Leader Tony Abbott, following recent reports several in their party room oppose their in-principle support for it.
It was feared the extra task for voters may muddy normal election voting.
It has also been speculated that two states, Victoria and Western Australia, may campaign against the move over fears it would diminish the role of the states.
Ms Gillard said that "the change will not diminish the role of the states with regard to the administration of local government. Recognition in the constitution does not alter the fact that local governments are created by and are accountable to state governments".
It will be the third time a referendum on local government recognition will be put to the Australian people.
In 1974 and 1988 votes on the issue were unsuccessful.
Mr Albanese said the issue was being put to the Australian people at the same time as the federal election to “minimise costs”.
It is estimated to come with a price tag of $80 million.
The referendum will seek to change section 96 of the constitution, which allows the commonwealth to make payments to states.
Legislation on the vote will likely be introduced to parliament when it returns next week.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - South Sudanese government security officers prevented several local U.N. staff from traveling to Uganda this week in two incidents believed to based on their ethnicity, U.N. officials said on Wednesday.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir speaks during a news conference in Juba, April 25, 2014. REUTERS/Emre Rende
South Sudan has been in political turmoil since President Salva Kiir sacked their deputy Riek Machar last year, triggering a conflict that has reopened deep ethnic tensions in the world's youngest country which only won independence from Sudan in 2011.
Kiir comes from the dominant Dinka ethnic group, while Machar, now rebel leader, is from another major tribe, the Nuer.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said that four national U.N. staff were denied permission to board a U.N. plane on Monday by National Security officers from the government of South Sudan and their passports were confiscated.
“It's unfortunately not an isolated incident,” Dujarric told reporters. “A similar incident occurred with two other UNMISS national staff members at the airport yesterday.”
UNMISS is the U.N. peacekeeping mission in South Sudan. U.N. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the staff in both incidents were targeted based on their ethnicity.
Dujarric said the U.N. staff members were traveling to Entebbe for official training at a regional support center.
“UNMISS was not given any legal explanation or other reason for barring their official travel. The mission therefore asked the authorities to return their travel documents and allow their official travel,” they said.
South Sudanese authorities returned the passports and UNMISS identification cards to the U.N. mission earlier on Wednesday.
The fighting in South Sudan erupted in mid-December after months of political tensions sparked by the sacking of Machar. Thousands have died in the conflict and more than 1.3 million people have been driven from their homes.
The U.N. Security Council almost doubled the mandated number of peacekeepers in late December to 12,500 troops and 1,323 police, but so far only some 8,100 troops are on the ground.
About This Software
VirtualDJ is revolutionary software which allows audio and video mixing right from a computer. VirtualDJ is simple and intuitive to use but do not be fooled — there are many advanced features to explore and customize.
VirtualDJ features everything you need for imaginative performance and mixing:
Two virtual decks for loading audio and video tracks, short clips and karaoke
Extensive browsing functions utilizing ID3 tag and custom information fields
Comprehensive mixer with all the features that you would expect from a traditional mixer (EQ, gain, crossfader)
Audio and video effects processors
Linking video to audio tracks for pre-selected visual enhancement to the audio
Sampler for recording and playing back audio clips on the fly
ClipBank for playing back video clips on the fly
Smart and User-Defined (IN/OUT) Looping engine
Real-time recording of your mixes ( Audio and Video )
Real-time webcasting of your sessions
Additionally, VirtualDJ includes many innovative features to help you spend less time with the tedious, time-consuming aspects of DJing and mixing:
Analysis of Beats Per Minute (BPM) and Key detection for Harmonic Mixing
Automatic beat matching for quick mixing
Computer Beat Grid for easy visual mixing
Dynamic Hot Cue points
VirtualDJ is the most complete and extensive DJ software on the market today. It provides an exhaustive set of features for you to take advantage of and create great mixes. Whether you are a beginner or a professional DJ, you will find working inside VirtualDJ to be fun, intuitive and highly efficient.
Reading that headline and if you're anything like us you won't know whether to laugh or be slightly alarmed. It raises several questions: namely, why was a monkey at a bar, why the hell was they drunk and who gave them the kitchen knife?
Well as amazing as the scenario sounds, this is a new story that we have come across originating from Patos, Brazil last month.
Firefighters were called to the bar because the monkey had started becoming aggressive. The drunk monkey had already downed a glass of rum before the emergency services arrived. In a fit of rage the monkey had armed themselves with a kitchen knife, and was brandishing the weapon to the other patrons.
The local fire department in Patos, Paraiba, told local news sources that they had received the call stating that an aggressive monkey with a kitchen knife was chasing people around a bar.
Fire deparment Lt. Col. Saul Laurentino said that after drinking the rum, the monkey only chased the men in the bar with their knife. The women were left alone.
“It was a bar staff oversight that ended with the monkey drinking some rum and taking the knife,” Laurentino told the aRede website.
Captured video has been making the rounds on youtube, showing the monkey using the kitchen knife against the bar's roof in a demonstration of their anger.
The firefighters managed to capture and subdue the monkey before releasing them back into the wild. However, the rum clearly had not worn off in time because later reports came that the drunken monkey was acting aggressively toward residents of homes near the woods.
The firefighters were once again called and captured the monkey. Local authorities said they were keeping hold of the little devil while they determined whether they will be released again or be checked in for some anger management counselling.
(Image Credit: Jozivan Antero/YouTube)
Opportunities like this only come once every 4 years. There are some of you out there who won't get the Hey, it's Leap Day! badge this February 29th. And that's okay. There are plenty of things you can do to bide your time until your next chance for the badge. Here are some of our personal suggestions:
1. Get your Master's degree.
Apparently, some employers aren't accepting PhDs from Sporcle University. It's not an “accredited university” they say. Well this is your chance to prove to them you have what it takes.
2. Potty train a child
We didn't say these were all FUN things.
3. Learn a foreign language
Some languages are more difficult than others, but chances are you can get yourself around a country pretty well with 4 years of language study.
4. Listen to André 3000 say “alright” 9,660,255 times
If you thought Matthew McConaughey was the only king of “alright, alright, alright” you'd be al-wrong. André 3000 makes a strong challenge in the 2003 Hit of the Year “Hey Ya!”. If you listened to this song constantly for 4 years, you'd have been serenaded with 9,660,255 alrights.
5. Walk halfway to the moon
Supposing there was a road from Earth to the moon, you could make it 49.16% of the way there before getting another chance to earn your Leap Year Badge.
6. Forge a 1/206,515,384,615,385 scale model of the Death Star entirely from your blood
Who doesn't want a little Death Star made from their own bodily fluids? Unlike the unrealistic suggestions on this list (looking at you, potty training) we think you guys might actually do this one, so here's the math:
365 days in a year × 4 years ÷ 56 days between donations × 1 pint per donation = 26 pints of blood. There's about 250mg of iron in a pint, so that leaves you with 6.5 g of iron.
The Death Star has a volume of 17.16 quadrillion cubic meters. Given a 1:9 ratio of outside:inside volume, that would require 1.71 Quadrillion cubic meters of iron. That's approximately 13,423,499,999,999,999,082,496 g of iron. With your 6.5 g, your scale model would be 1/206,515,384,615,385 the size of the real thing.
Pinterest tutorial coming soon.
Afraid of needles? You can also watch the entire new set of Star Wars movies. Episode IX is slated to come out in 2019, so you'll even have an extra year for making your own movie: Darth Vader's Dance-Off.
7. Print out 143,671,981 pictures of Kanye West's face
Here's your chance to love Kanye almost as much as they love himself. The fastest printer, according to Guinness World Records, is able to print 500 pages in 7 min. 19 sec. Find a good picture of ‘Ye, set the printer to 143,671,981 copies and you'll soon be able to swan dive into your ever-growing pool of Kanyes.
8. Make the trek from Hobbiton to Mordor 7.89 times
It took Frodo and company 185 days to reach Mordor. Hobbits have tiny legs, so we're confident you could make it in even less time.
If that sounds like too much effort, you can also read about Frodo and Sam‘s journey 50 times.
9. Run out of time on the Countries of the World quiz 140,133 times.
That said, by the time you hit 3,092 plays you should probably have them all memorized.
10. Complete 227 marathons… in the body of a tortoise
The giant tortoise is excruciatingly slow. With 4 years, though, you could walk 227.36 tortoise marathons.
11. Serve the prison sentence for liberating 5,888 garden gnomes
In 1997, three men from the Garden Gnome Liberation Front were arrested under possession of 184 stolen garden gnomes. They were given prison sentences of 1-2 months for their actions. Given a prison sentence of 1.5 months per 184 gnomes, you could serve the sentence for liberating 5,888 gnomes in your 4 years of waiting.
12. Make 105,120 cups of guacamole
According to Alton Brown, the best guac takes 1 hr 20 minutes to make. It has an hour of downtime, but since we haven't let you sleep in any of the other calculations, you can sleep between guac batches. Each batch makes about 4 cups of guac. We *hope* that 105,120 cups of guac will hold you over for a while.
If you don't need 105,120 cups of guacamole, of course, there's an easier option: get your Leap Day badge this year! Mark your calendar now or spend the next 4 years kicking yourself in your badge-less behind.
Comments
comments
Your death, near now, is of an easy sort.
So slow a fading out brings no real pain.
Breath growing short
Is just uncomfortable. You feel the drain
Of energy, but thought and sight remain:
Enhanced, in fact. When did you ever see
So much sweet beauty as when fine rain falls
On that small tree
And saturates your brick back garden walls,
So many Amber Rooms and mirror halls?
Ever more lavish as the dusk descends
This glistening illuminates the air.
It never ends.
Whenever the rain comes it will be there,
Beyond my time, but now I take my share.
My daughter's choice, the maple tree is new.
Come autumn and its leaves will turn to flame.
What I must do
Is live to see that. That will end the game
For me, though life continues all the same:
Filling the double doors to bathe my eyes,
A final flood of colors will live on
As my mind dies,
Burned by my vision of a world that shone
So brightly at the last, and then was gone.
Chilean football experts have told IBTimes UK Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez is enjoying life more than ever at the Emirates Stadium as the Gunners are providing them with the chance to grow into a leader they never got at Barcelona.
With Lionel Messi and Neymar overshadowing them at the Nou Camp, the 25-year-old Chilean international decided to make a £32m move to north London this summer.
Sanchez has wasted little time endearing themselves to Arsenal supporters, scoring eight goals in 15 appearances, including a crucial strike against Besiktas which secured qualification for the group stages of the Champions League.
But following an unconvincing victory over Anderlecht in the Champions League in October, reports emerged suggesting Sanchez was frustrated with the wavering performance levels of their teammates, with some even suggesting a problem with Mesut Ozil had developed.
IBTimes UK has spoken to the experts from La Tercera and El Mercurio, the two most prestigious newspapers in the player's homeland who have debunked those rumours. What they have had to say will be music to Arsenal fan's ears. All agree Sanchez has never been happier than they are playing football in north London.
El Mercurio journalist Rodrigo Fuentealba, who has followed Sanchez's development since their impressive performances in the Under-20 World Cup in 2007, said: "He has fit Arsenal like a glove. At Barcelona they lived in the shadow of Messi and Neymar. In London, they are the leader.  They are very happy there."
Matias Parker Castro, who writes for La Tercera, added: "Alexis made ​​the best decision of their career by joining Arsenal. Maybe they will not win as many titles as at Barcelona ​​but they will get the leadership role they expected.
"He is happy because they feel they are one of the leading figures in the team. They have much more freedom to move and at the same time they have now the bravery and the personality to dribble at rivals without fear."
Another Chilean expert in international football, Luis Rivera Talpen, added: "Alexis is living a dream at Arsenal. They play in the best league in the world, at a powerful club and they have the opportunity to become the leader of the team, while at Barcelona they couldn't.
"There (at Barcelona), even though they were the second top scorer of the team, they were always overshadowed by Messi and Neymar.
"He has become a new, different player since their move.  They are also proving that with Chile. During the last international break they had no problem taking responsibility with Arturo Vidal, Chile's other leader."
When asked of rumours of friction between Sanchez and other members of the Arsenal squad, the experts were unaware of any troubles on that matter.
"He has a strong personality but is not a controversial guy.  They are very committed to the team. Their reference point is Cristiano Ronaldo.  They are a winner.  They are not going to cause any trouble in the dressing room," Fuentealba continued.
Castro added: "Alexis always expects the rest to work as hard as they can. They don't tolerate failure and they are uncomfortable when the team doesn't get good results."
Luis Rivera Talpen said: "Since they were a kid, Alexis has proved they have a strong personality to face the complications of a life away from the luxuries and to build a career full of successes."
Speaking about Sanchez's favoured position in the team, Fuentealba said: "What they like is scoring goals. The closer they play from the goal the better. At Barcelona they aren't happy because they had to play on the right side but Wenger's formation is not as fixed and they have more freedom."
Castro disagrees, however. "The best position for them is playing on the right side but with freedom to move up front."
Rivera said: "He shouldn't have a fix position but the freedom to move around.  They are more powerful than most of the South American stars and can run and dribble past opponents without problem."
"I still believe they can be too individualistic, but I am sure with Arsene Wenger they will learn to be more generous and also more effective."
Paris attacks show need to scrap Human Rights Act, says Tory MP with no understanding of the Human Rights Act
by Adam Wagner
I will keep this short. David Davies MP (not David Davis MP) has posted on their official blog that the Paris attacks show that the Human Rights Act should be repealed. Their reasoning is spurious. They do not understand the law. They misrepresent the Human Rights Act. I will explain why below. But first, here is their post in full:
A few years ago while working a Special Constable in London, I was involved in the arrest of a man who had declared themselves to be a member of the Taliban. They backed up their statement with various documents and photographs of themselves in a desert holding weapons with other armed militants. We radioed for advice and after a while were told to let them go. Apparently they were an asylum seeker whose claim for asylum in Britain was based on their membership of an extremist terrorist group who have taken the lives of hundreds of British soldiers. They were set free to continue their journey across London to meet their lawyers who were no doubt being paid for out of public money. This incident has always worried me. Under current laws, including the Human Rights Act, anyone can come to the UK and make a claim for asylum. There must be huge numbers of people in Britain who have been members of extremist Islamic organisations. Some are actually using this as the basis for an asylum claim. The tragic terrorist attacks in Paris should be a wake-up call.We should state that anyone suspected of links with any militant Islamist organisations should be prevented from entry under any circumstance into Britain. Those who enter illegally should be held in custody until deported to their home country regardless of any penalty they may face there.
Here is the main problem for Mr Davies' argument.  They are wrong to say that “Under current laws, including the Human Rights Act, anyone can come to the UK and make a claim for asylum.” The right to claim asylum is not contained in the Human Rights Act. It is in the the 1951 Refugee Convention. Here is a site which explains what that is. The United Kingdom signed up to it on 28 July 1951.
It requires that signatory states grant asylum to those who demonstrate “a well-founded fear of persecution due to their race, religion, nationality, political opinion or membership of a particular social group, and are unable or unwilling to seek protection from the authorities in their own country”.
And! The Convention does not apply to those who has committed a “crime against peace” a “war crime” or a “crime against humanity” (Article 1F). So the example Mr Davies uses is itself spurious. That rule is enforced in our law – see for example this post.
As far as I am aware, no MP is (yet) arguing we should withdraw from the Refugee Convention.
So withdrawing from the Human Rights Act would not address the problem which Mr Davies identifies.
Yes, asylum seekers often also attempt to use the Human Rights Act in order to obtain leave to remain in the UK, for example if they face the risk of ill-treatment in their home country. But let me repeat – the right to claim asylum is contained elsewhere and will remain despite repeal of the Human Rights Act.
There are other points which can be made. Such as the fact that along with protecting people coming to the UK from dangerous countries, the Human Rights Act does a huge amount more – including protecting free expression of the press under Article 10, the rights of religious believers under Article 9, the right to life under Article 2, the right not to be tortured under Article 3. But that is perhaps for another day, when someone makes a serious argument that human rights are responsible for the Paris attacks.
MPs have a responsibility to be accurate when the promote the repeal of an important law. Mr Davies' post is irresponsible, particularly in the charged climate following the Paris attacks. They should remove or amend it, with a clear message that they got it wrong.
Update – see also Dr Mark Elliott's excellent post on this
McNugget, the rooster familiar to folks who frequent an Issaquah parking lot, has apparently met a grisly demise.
It's a sad day in Issaquah, where a beloved rooster named McNugget is missing and presumed dead.
“I'm having to tell people all day long, and they're just crying. It's horrible,” said Michelle Schneider, owner of Your Espresso Stand near the parking lot and tree McNugget has called home for more than a decade.
The black rooster, who showed up in 2002, was named by a poll of Your Espresso customers and has been greeted daily by people passing by. “He is loved by so many,” Schneider said.
Schneider said an employee of the espresso stand got a call Tuesday afternoon from a woman who said they had just seen a dog running off with the rooster in their jaws.
“She chased after them, and they tried to find the rooster, but they disappeared,” Schneider said.
When Schneider heard about it, they hoped the eyewitness was mistaken. Maybe the dog had grabbed a crow — there are plenty of those around.
But when they arrived for work about 5:45 a.m. Wednesday, they aren't greeted by McNugget. They didn't fly down and ask for a treat, as they always would do. And they haven't gone into their little house.
As much as it hurts, Schneider said, McNugget's fate seems clear.
“It's really hard,” said Schneider. “At first I thought I wouldn't tell anyone. But the news got out.”
Word is that the people who own the dog are away and have been relying on a dog-sitter.
Schneider said their only solace is that McNugget, at 13, was likely nearing the end of their life. In a 2013 Seattle Times article on McNugget, an expert was quoted as saying chickens often die by the time they reach 8, and rarely live to 15.
If you grew up in the pre-MP3 era, chances are you had at least one go-round as a member of Columbia House's mail-order music club. Who could turn down the allure of eight compact discs (or 11 record albums or cassette tapes) for just a penny? It would be stupid not to join up! A few months of automatic shipments later, you probably ended up like a lot of members did: as a no-income 14-year-old who owed Columbia House $47 for unwanted Sir Mix-a-Lot CDs. Let's take a look at a few lingering questions about the music club.
How did the Columbia House business model work?
The underlying model for Columbia House was a pretty simple setup known as negative option billing. Basically, once you sign up for a membership in a club or service, you start getting monthly shipments unless you expressly tell the club you don't want them. Of course, you also get the bill.
Negative option billing has actually been illegal in Ontario since 2005, but it's still legal in the United States. There are a few caveats, though. The Federal Trade Commission requires that any club or service offering a negative option plan must clearly and conspicuously indicate minimum purchase obligations, cancellation procedures, the frequency with which members must reject shipments, and how to eventually cancel a membership when they enroll new members.
The FTC really drops the hammer on any company that doesn't comply with these regulations. In 2009 it reached a $1 million settlement with the online company Commerce Planet, which had been offering a “free” online auction kit while also signing customers up for a recurring $59.95 “online supplier” program.
How did Columbia House make any money while giving away so much music?
Columbia House and competitor BMG brought in tons of gross revenue — as late as 2000, the two companies were grossing $1.5 billion a year. But even with negative option billing bringing in cash from club members who forgot to return their rejection forms, Columbia House operated on a seemingly tight margin.
Columbia House and BMG had some fairly clever ways to save cash, though. Until 2006, the record companies had never actually secured written licenses to distribute the records they sent to club members. Instead, the clubs saved the hassle (and the expense) by paying most publishers 75% of the standard royalties set by copyright law. The clubs argued that since the publishers were cashing their discounted checks, they were submitting to “implied” licenses.
Music publishers didn't love this arrangement, but for decades it was pretty tough to fight back against the mail-order clubs. As some of the biggest pre-Internet retailers, the clubs held enormous power over the music market. According to a 2006 Billboard article, if a publisher complained, the clubs would simply stop carrying their records.
On top of that, the clubs generally weren't buying their records from labels and then selling them. Instead, the clubs would acquire the master tapes of records and press their own copies on the cheap. Moreover, remember those “bonus” or “free” records you got for signing up for the clubs? The clubs generally didn't pay any royalties at all on those, which further slashed their costs.
In the end, all these little factors saved a ton of money. In their 2004 book The Recording Industry, Geoffrey P. Hull took a look at the economics of the clubs. They estimated that the cost to the clubs of a “free” disc was only around $1.50, while a disc sold at full price cost the club anywhere from $3.20 to $5.50. Hull did the math and realized that even if only one of every three discs a club distributed sold at the $16 list price, the club would still end up making a margin of around $7.20 on each sold disc. Hull explains that retail stores were hard pressed to make a margin of even $6.50 per sold disc, so it's easy to see how the clubs stayed afloat even with their massive marketing and advertising costs.
Did anyone really, really take advantage of those introductory offers?
Joseph Parvin of Lawrenceville, NJ, was undoubtedly the patron saint of anyone who ever wanted to stick it to a music club for receiving an unwanted record.
In March 2000, the 60-year-old Parvin admitted that they had used 16 post office boxes and their own home address to fleece Columbia House and BMG out of 26,554 discs during a five-year span in the '90s. They pleaded guilty to a single count of mail fraud.
Oddly, the New York Times story on Parvin's plea included a story of another scammer who was nearly as prolific. Just five months earlier, David Russo pleaded guilty to stockpiling 22,000 CDs using a similar scheme. They then sold the booty at flea markets.
What about Columbia House's old rival, BMG?
This may come as a shock to your circa-1994 self, but Columbia House and BMG are part of the same company now. In 2002 Columbia House's then-owners, Sony and AOL Time Warner, sold a majority stake of the company to the Blackstone Group. (Sony and AOL maintained a 15 percent share between them.)
In 2005, Blackstone again flipped Columbia House to the German media giant Bertelsmann, the owner of BMG, for a reported $400 million. After a series of further transactions, Columbia House is now situated in the portfolio of Direct Brands, Inc., a direct marketer whose other holdings include the Book-of-the-Month Club.
Can I still order music from Columbia House?
You're a few years too late. The merged version of Columbia House and BMG, the BMG Music Group, quit selling music on June 30, 2009. (Apparently digital music wasn't just some silly fad.) Direct Brands still operates a business under the Columbia House name, but don't expect the latest music to show up at your door. The revamped company sells DVDs and Blu-Ray discs.
* * *
Did any of you end up owing way too much money to a music club? Do you remember your first eight CDs?
Recently by Paul Craig Roberts: America's Moral Degeneracy
God help them if Obama and Romney ever had to participate in a real debate about a real issue at the Oxford Union. They would be massacred.
The debates revealed that not only the candidates but also the entire country is completely tuned out to every real problem and dangerous development. For example, you would never know that US citizens can now be imprisoned and executed without due process. All that is required to terminate the liberty and life of an American citizen by their own government is an unaccountable decision somewhere in the executive branch.
No doubt that Americans, if they think of this at all, believe that it will only happen to terrorists who deserve it. But as no evidence or due process is required, how would we know that it only happens to terrorists? Can we really trust a government that has started wars in 7 countries on the basis of falsehoods? If the US government lie about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction in order to invade a country, why wont it lie about who is a terrorist?
America needs a debate about how we can be made more safe by removing the Constitutional protection of due process. If the power of government is not limited by the Constitution, are we ruled by Caesar? The Founding Fathers did not think we could trust a caesar with our safety. What has changed that we can now trust a caesar?
If we are under such a terrorist threat that the Constitution has to be suspended or replaced by unaccountable executive action, how come all the alleged terrorist cases are sting operations organized by the FBI? In eleven years there has not been a single case in which the terrorist had the initiative!
In the eleven years since 9/11, acts of domestic terrorism have been miniscule if they even exist. What justifies the enormous and expensive Department of Homeland Security? Why does Homeland Security have military-equipped Special Response Teams with armored vehicles? Who are the targets of these militarized units? If eleven years of US government murder, maiming, and displacement of millions of Muslims hasnt provoked massive acts of domestic terrorism, why is Homeland Security creating a domestic armed force of its own? Why are there no congressional hearings and no public discussion? How can a government whose budget is deep in the red afford a second military force with no defined and Constitutionally legal purpose?
What is Homeland Securitys motivation in creating a Homeland Youth? Is the new FEMA Corps a disguise for a more sinister purpose, a Hitler Youth as Internet sites suggest? Are the massive ammunition purchases by Homeland Security related to the raising of a nationwide corps of 18- to 24-year-olds? How can so much be going on in front of our eyes with no questions asked?
Why did not Romney ask Obama why they are working to overturn the federal courts ruling that US citizens cannot be subject to indefinite detention in violation of the US Constitution? Is it because Romney and their neoconservative advisers agree with Obama and their advisers? If so, then why is one tyrant better than another?
Why has the US constructed a network of detainment camps, for which it is hiring internment specialists?
Why does the US Army now have a policy for establishing civilian inmate labor programs and civilian prison camps on Army installations?
Here is Rachel Maddows report on how Obama criticizes the neoconservative Bush/Cheney regime for violations of the US Constitution and US statutory law and then proposes the same thing himself.
How did the presidential debates avoid the fact of Predator Drones flying over us here in the domestic United States of America? What is the purpose of this? Why are the smallest police forces in the most remote of locations being equipped with armored cars? I have seen them. In small lilly-white communities north of Atlanta, Georgia, communities of sub-million dollar MacMansions have militarized police with armored cars and automatic weapons. SWAT teams in full military gear are everywhere. What is it all about? These small semi-rural areas will never see a terrorist or experience a hostage situation. Yet, they are all armed to the teeth. They are so heavily armed that they could be sent into combat against the Third Reich or the Red Army.
Any such questions run afoul of the assumption of Americas moral perfection. No such debate will ever happen. But if it is the economy, stupid, why is there no economic debate?
Last month the Federal Reserve announced QE3. If QE1 and QE2 did not work, why does anyone, including the Federal Reserve chairperson, think that QE3 will work?
Yet, the utterly irrational financial markets, which havent a clue about anything, were overjoyed at QE3. This can only be because what rules the equity market is propaganda, spin, and disinformation, not facts. The vaunted stock market is incapable of making any correct decision. The decisions are made by the fools in the market operating on a short-run basis. The only safe path to take is to run with the lemmings. This strategy insures that a portfolio manager is always in the middle of their peers and, therefore, they dont lose clients.
How wonderful it would have been for Obama and Romney to have confronted in a real debate how QE3, designed to help insolvent banks too big to fail, can help households operating, with two earners, on real incomes of 45 years ago, which is where the current real median household income stands.
How does saving a bank, designated as too big to fail, help the family whose jobs or main job has been exported to China or India in order to maximize corporate profits, executive performance bonuses and shareholders capital gains?
Obviously the working population of the US has been sacrificed to the profits of the mega-rich.
An appropriate debate question is: Why has the livelihood of working Americans been sacrificed to the profits of the mega-rich?
No such question will ever be asked in a presidential debate.
In the 21st century, US citizens became nonentities. They are brutalized by the police whose incomes their taxes pay. They, for protesting some injustice or for no cause at all, are beaten, arrested, tasered and even murdered. The police, paid by the public, beat up paralyzed people in wheelchairs, frame those who call them for help against criminals, taser grandmothers and small children, and shoot down in cold blood unarmed citizens who have done nothing except lose control of themselves, either through alcohol, drugs, or rage.
Brainwashed Americans pay large taxes at every level of government for protection against gratuitous violence, but what their taxes support is gratuitous violence against themselves. Every American, except for the small number of mega-rich who control Washington, can be arrested and dispossessed, both liberty and property, on the basis of nothing but an allegation of a member of the executive branch who might want the accuseds wife, girlfriend, property, or to settle a score, or to exterminate a rival, or to score against a high school, college, or business rival.
In America today, law serves the powerful, not justice. In effect, there is no law, and there is no justice. Only unaccountable power.
What is the point of a vote when the outcome is the same? Both candidates represent the interests of Israel, not the interests of the US. Both candidates represent the interests of the military/security complex, agribusiness, the offshoring corporations, the suppression of unions and workers, the total demise of civil liberty and the US Constitution, which is in the way of unbridled executive power .
In the US today, the power of money rules. Nothing else is in the equation. Why vote to lend your support to the continuation of your own exploitation? Every time Americans vote it is a vote for their own obliteration.
Paul Craig Roberts, a former Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury and former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal, has been reporting shocking cases of prosecutorial abuse for two decades. A new edition of their book, The Tyranny of Good Intentions, co-authored with Lawrence Stratton, a documented account of how americans lost the protection of law, has been released by Random House. Visit their website.
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts
Advertisement
President Donald Trump is not wasting any time in putting their mark on Planned Parenthood, and organization created to abort and kill babies.
Over the past year or so, Planned Parenthood has been in the news over videos showing them selling aborted baby body parts. Honestly, I never knew the organization was international. I can't believe they are killing babies all over the world and getting away with it. My mind didn't even expand that far and maybe it should have.
Don't you find it ironic that they call themselves “planned parenthood” when they kill the infant so the mother doesn't have to parent?
Help us fight the liberal mainstream fake news media with a $20 donation to this website. Click here!
Advertisement
Close More from Wayne Dupree
Conservatives have been trying to stop the federal government from funding this evil organization for years. Now it seems Trump has found a way through executive order and it's a good idea.
From Life News:
Most pro-life Americans are anxiously awaiting Congress to pass a bill to defund the Planned Parenthood abortion business. While that defunding legislation concerns the domestic-based Planned Parenthood abortion corporation, president Trump has the ability to put in place an executive order that would revoke funding for its International affiliate. When pro-abortion former President Barack Obama took office, Obama overturned a policy that prevented funding of groups that promote or perform abortions overseas. The Mexico City Policy covered over $400 million in federal funds, part of which flowed to the abortion businesses International Planned Parenthood and Marie Stopes International for their foreign efforts. While the main bill to defund Planned Parenthood must be approved by Congress, Trump can restore the Mexico City Policy by executive order and reportedly intends to do so on Sunday — according to a report in a pro-abortion publication. As one of their first acts in the Oval Office, the Republican president-elect plans to restore the “Mexico City policy” as soon as Sunday, a congressional staffer told Foreign Policy. The timing of the executive order on Sunday would coincide with the anniversary of the landmark 1973 Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion in the United States.
Advertisement
Winston Churchill bust is back in the oval office and now Planned Parenthood will feel the effects of the President's pen and Democrats can't do anything to stop it. I am liking this already.
Help support conservative news and views by sharing this post on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisement
Don't forget to follow the Wayne Dupree Show social media accounts on Facebook, Google Plus & Twitter.
(Mario Anzuoni/Reuters)
São Paulo – A circulação de qualquer veículo a gasolina ou diesel ficará proibida no Brasil a partir de 2040, caso o Projeto de Lei do Senado 304/2017 seja aprovado. O documento também prevê o término das vendas de veículos movidos a combustíveis fósseis em 2030.
De autoria do senador Ciro Nogueira (PP-PI), o PLS 304/2017 aguarda a designação de relator na Comissão de Constituição, Justiça e Cidadania (CCJ). Ele também será examinado pela Comissão de Meio Ambiente (CMA), à qual caberá a decisão terminativa (ou seja, a decisão da comissão será definitiva no Senado).
Ficam livres da determinação apenas automóveis de coleção, veículos oficiais e diplomáticos, ou carros de visitantes estrangeiros (mas não de residentes) poderão continuar circulando no país quando movidos a combustíveis fósseis.
“Não deixa de ser uma proposta ousada, mas é uma tendência mundial. Diversos países já adotaram, algumas montadoras inclusive”, disse o senador à Radio Senado.
O prazo estabelecido pelo projeto é o mesmo adotado pelo Reino Unido e pela França. Na Noruega, a proposta é de eliminar a venda de veículos com motores convencionais ainda antes, em 2025.
Comprehensive breakdown of the music at Winnipeg Jets games in 2015-16
From before a Winnipeg Jets game begins at the MTS Centre until the final puck drop fans are exposed to a wide variety of music.
The music has evolved over the years and I've had some requests from Jets fans who wanted an updated list of the songs you might hear during a game.
Recently I was chatting with Kyle Balharry who is the Senior Director of Game Production & Broadcast Services for True North Sports & Entertainment and they provided me with the most up-to-date list of music you can expect to hear during a Winnipeg Jets game.
Warm Up Right Above It Lil Wayne Trap Queen Fetty Wap Blackout Los Americanos Pinne for Landet Freddy Kalas Downtown Macklemore and Ryan Lewis Goal Song Shout Isley Brothers Team On Ice (1st) Pounding (instrumental) Doves Team On Ice (2nd) Trenches Pop Evil Team On Ice (3rd) Sad But True (Elite Force Remix) Metallica Power Play Eeny, Meeny, Miny… Die Dreamquest Chapter Doof Junkie XL Hyperion Celldweller Razorface Celldweller Shepherd Of Fire Avenged Sevenfold Unstoppable ES Posthumus Barbosa is Hungry Klaus Badelt War Opening Titles Brian Tyler A Warrior's Call Volbeat Neocon The Offspring Penalty Kill Rock My Ride Wig Wam Never Let Down Andrew WK The Riddle Wig Wam Hurricane 2000 Scorpions Kalki ES Posthumus Battlecry Celldweller Navras Juno Reactor vs Don Davis Desire Ozzy Osbourne The Fugitive Iron Maiden The Imperial March John Williams Snowspeeder John Williams Win Song Learn to Fly Rockin1000 cover of Foo Fighters Get Loud Block Rockin' Beats Chemical Brothers Can't You See (original mix) Shermanology & GRX For Whom the Bell Tolls Metallica Here We Go Bassnectar Kickstart My Heart Motley Crue Overdose remix jets AC/DC Party Brutal Apparatus Dead but Rising Volbeat TheRealThing 2 Unlimited Thunderstruck AC/DC Fights/Scrums Dirty Deeds (Instrumental) AC/DC Hand That Feeds Nine Inch Nails Know Your Enemy Green Day Raise A Little Hell Trooper Riot Three Days Grace Come Together Godsmack Penalty Shot custom composition Team Time Outs and Replay Reviews The Hockey Song Stompin' Tom Connors Rusty Cage Johnny Cash November Rain Guns N Roses
So there you have it. That is a comprehensive list of the music played during Jets games. Up next we will have a complete list of music that is played at Moose games.
As always feels free to add your voice to the conversation. Are there any songs that you'd like to see added?
Here is the interview we had with SKT T1, the winning team from LCK Spring Split, leaving for São Paulo, Brazil, to play in MSI. We had the chance to ask several questions to Faker, Bang, Peanut, and Huni.
We were able to witness their strong confidence and ambition to be victorious in this year's MSI as well; we also got to ask them what they'll be doing during their 30-hour-long flight.
※ Click the 'CC' button on bottom of the video for English subtitles
Sanghyeok “Faker” Lee
Q. You will be playing in this year's MSI as well. How do you feel about it?
I was worried that we might now make it to this year's MSI, but it was a big relief that we actually did. Since MSI is a competitive tournament with great prize pool that we'll try our best to prepare and win.
Q. How do you feel right now?
Since I stayed up all night, I'd really like to go and get some sleep on the flight. I'll need to make sure that I am in a good condition once I get to Brazil.
Q. Can we look forward to more surprise picks that you didn't get to show at the finals?
We are expecting new metas to rise since there are many changes in the new patch; I might be able to play with new kinds of champions to go along with the new meta. Well, I'd love to play with fun champions, but I think I'll do my best to go along with the team in order to win.
Q. What will you be doing during your long flight to Brazil?
As I mentioned before, I stayed up all night so I am planning to get some deep sleep. And since we got our seats upgraded to business class, I think I'll be able to sleep better. As for the remaining time, I'll be reading a book.
Q. I remember reading that Faker is too afraid to play horror games somewhere on Korean LOL Inven [Laughs].
Well… I think that came from how I don't play horror games that much in the first place. And it's not like… I can't bear to look at scary stuff.
Q. How long will you keep playing ‘I Wanna Be The Boshy,' the game which you are always playing on your personal streaming?
I am almost near playing it to the end, so I don't think I'll be playing it for a while after I see the ending.
Q. What is your resolve for MSI?
I will come back winning in this year's MSI.
Junsik “Bang” Bae
Q. How do you feel about getting to play in MSI?
It's such a long flight to Brazil; I'm glad that we get to ride on business class.
Q. I heard that SKT T1 management got your seats upgraded to business class. Is there anything you'd like to say to them? [Laughs]
This is my first time flying on business class. It's great! We'll be riding on Lufthansa, and I'd love to fly on Korean Air or Asiana business class as well.
Q. I heard you say on your personal streaming that you bought Nintendo; did you get that for your flight?
Yes, I got it to play during the flight to Brazil, although the game progresses too fast since I only brought Pokémon to play. So I am saving the rest to play on the flight.
Q. Did you bring anything else besides Nintendo?
Nah, I'm just going to sleep. I'll be playing Nintendo when I'm awake, and sleep when I am not.
Q. What's your resolve for MSI?
Since we get to go play in MSI as a Korean team, no, as representative for LCK, we will make sure we come back victorious.
Wangho “Peanut” Han
Q. This is your first time playing in MSI. How do you feel about that?
I think it's a smaller version of World Championship. Since it's shorter, I think it's a tournament where you get to enjoy playing at without getting too exhausted.
Q. How do you feel right now?
I think I'm fine, though the flight takes about 30 hours… I think I'll need to take extra care to be in good condition once I get there. For now, I feel fine.
Q. What will you be doing during your long flight to Brazil?
I brought ‘The Game of Thrones' to watch, and I'm planning to watch movies as well and get some sleep, too. I plan to do these 3 things.
Q. Nochul “NoFe” Jeong's pre-wedding photos for their September wedding were posted on social media not long ago; did all ex-ROX members come to join the wedding shoots?
Yes, we players came as groomsmen. NoFe and Sejin had to take wedding shoots because, well, they were getting married. It was a hectic day. I'd like to thank my coach for letting me go even though I had to train that day.
Q. Beside from taking photos that day, what did you get to do with old members of ROX Tigers?
We just took pictures as groomsmen. We waited and talked to each other when NoFe and Sejin were having their wedding shoots done, then got ours taken after that. After that, I returned to practice since it was my training day. I think others went home after having a meal with Coach NoFe and their wife.
Q. What is your resolve for MSI?
For now, I'd absolutely like to win. I really like playing overseas so I hope it's fun, too. Also, I'd like to perform well to keep playing and win.
Seunghoon “Huni” Heo
Q. How do you feel right now?
First, I think I'm in a good condition for now. They let us get enough rest before we left, and we also kept training so that we don't lose hang of playing.
Q. Is there any team playing in MSI that you are keeping your eyes on?
I don't know, but I did go see match replays for LPL finals, and they seemed to play well. Also, there's G2 from Europe, TSM from North America, and FW from Taiwan, which all seem to be great teams. Still, I feel confident about playing as long as we try to bring out our strengths in game plays, so there aren't any teams that we actually have our eyes on.
Q. What do you plan on doing on your flight?
First, I am worried because I am aerophobic, although I'll try to sleep as much as I can on the flight; I also brought a game console to keep myself busy with.
Q. What game console did you bring?
I got Nintendo, so I'm planning to play Pokémon.
Q. Lastly, what is your resolve for MSI?
We're the first Korean team to play in this year's MSI. We'll try our best to win so that we don't disappoint world wide fans as Korea's No. 1 team. Thank you so much!
Microsoft is adding Universal Windows Platform (UWP) support to React Native, the open-source development framework.
React Native is a JavaScript code library originally developed by Facebook for building user interfaces. Facebook open-sourced Reactive Native in 2015. The framework is meant to enable developers to write mobile native apps that can run on multiple platforms, including iOS and Android. However, React Native isn't a write-once/write-anywhere framework; instead it focuses on the distinct features unique to each platform.
Microsoft portrayed today's announcement as extending the reach of React Native apps to Windows 10 devices, including PCs, mobile devices, Xbox One and HoloLens.
"For Windows app developers, it also means an opportunity to embed React Native components into their existing UWP apps and to leverage the developer tools and programming paradigms that React Native offers," according to the April 13 blog post detailing the Microsoft-Facebook announcement from Facebook's F8 developer conference.
Microsoft also plans to provide open-source tools and services to help developers create React Native apps. There's already a React Native extension for Visual Studio Code, Microsoft's lightweight, cross platform Visual Studio Editor.
"Today's announcement and releases are just the beginning. This release provides initial platform support in a standalone GitHub repository. Moving forward, we will work to add additional capabilities and bring our implementation into alignment with the original project," Microsoft officials added.
Microsoft is using its Chakra engine as the JavaScript runtime in its UWP React Native implementation.
Phone Home: Tech Draws Parents, College Kids Closer
toggle caption Courtesy of Robin Dawson
From breakfast to bedtime, college sophomore Julia-Scott Dawson and their mother, Robin Dawson, exchange a flurry of texts that include I love youare, inside jokes and casual chitchat.
"We talk every day," Dawson says.
"Every day," echoes them mother.
Julia-Scott Dawson is a sophomore at the University of North Carolina, which is just a 15-minute drive from where their parents live. Every week, they share a Sunday meal with their family and grabs morning coffee with their parents when they can.
"I just love the time I spend with them," Dawson says.
The ongoing stream of communication may sound like a lot, but studies say it's not too unusual.
College students communicate with their parents on average 13.4 times a week, says Barbara Hofer, a psychology professor at Vermont's Middlebury College and co-author of The iConnected Parent: Staying Close to Your Kids in College (and Beyond) While Letting Them Grow Up.
A more recent study illustrates similar parent-child trends. Research featured in Generation on a Tightrope: A Portrait of Today's College Student by Arthur Levine and Diane Dean shows that about 40 percent of college students are in touch with parents by phone, email, text or visit at minimum once a day.
College Offices For Parents
Three-quarters of colleges report increased parent involvement in their children's lives and college affairs, Dean and Levine say.
In response to that growing involvement, many universities have built offices of parent services.
"When I went to school, back in the dark ages, your parents dropped you off at the curb, you went in [and] you unpacked," say Rodney Johnson, executive director of George Washington University's Office of Parent Services. "Things have changed."
The office at the Washington, D.C., university was one of the first of its kind in the early 1990s. Today, about 30 percent of colleges have similar services to respond to the questions and anxieties of parents. Similarly, more than 90 percent of colleges offer a specific orientation for parents of freshmen before the start of classes.
"Our job is to do it in a positive way, to say, 'Mom and dad, you need to back off a little bit, let your sons and daughters take care of this,'" Johnson says.
About 15 calls and emails come through the office each day. That's about 2,500 calls a year.
The stakes are higher than they were in previous generations, Johnson says. The cost of college has rocketed, entrance exams are tougher, and parents are simply more invested in their children's happiness and success.
Many students, however, won't admit to having so-called helicopter parents and say their parents are simply concerned about what's going on in their lives.
Jon Gould, author of How to Succeed in College (While Really Trying), says many college students expect a high level of communication with their parents.
"When I talk to students, they're not offended that their parents call them," says Gould, a professor at D.C.'s American University. "They actually enjoy the fact that their parents are involved. But the real challenge is for parents to realize where the dividing line is of being involved and concerned, and taking control of their students' lives."
Almost every professor, they say, is familiar with the horror stories: anecdotes of parents with off-the-wall requests like whether they can stay in the dorms or attend classes with their children. Sure, the accounts are rare, they say, but they exist.
Tech Keeps Parents Close
Advances in technology have made it progressively easier for parents to keep up to date with the daily lives of their children.
For example, Robin Dawson says they rely heavily on Facebook and text-messaging throughout the day to drop sweet notes or just say hello to their daughter, Julia-Scott.
"I'm friends with my daughter on Facebook, I'm friends with most of their friends on Facebook, and she's friends with most of my friends on Facebook," Robin Dawson says.
A generation ago, if Robin Dawson wanted to talk with their mother, they waited in line to make a collect call home. Of course, snail mail was an option, too.
While modern technology can lead to overwhelming parent-child relationships, says American University's Gould, it has also helped to strengthen the bonds.
"One thing that's different about the generation of parents and kids today is that they grew up for the most part liking one another," Gould says. "And that's different than ... the baby boomers that grew up rebelling against their parents."
Robin Dawson says they can't imagine a world without constant communication with their daughter.
"I just love her," they say. "I love having the time with them and — this is going to make me cry — I just love having the time with my kid."
But they insist they are not a helicopter parent; rather, she's more like a coach on the sidelines, they say, cheering their daughter on.
The annual ritual of placements is about to kick off in the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), and Rohan Gupta is glad they are not a part of it. The final year student of exploration geophysics, a five-year programme at IIT-Kharagpur, West Bengal, was “given an out” by a pre-placement offer—he was offered a job by an oil-field services company where they interned in the summer.
“It is really important you convert your internship into a PPO (pre-placement offer),” Gupta said. Theirs will allow them to sit out the ritual of companies arriving on campus to recruit from the graduating batch of IIT-Kharagpur. Placements begin on Dec. 01 in all the older IITs—Bombay, Delhi, Madras, Kharagpur, and Kanpur. Engineering colleges that were later converted into IITs—IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Banaras Hindu University—follow the same schedule.
For all the noise generated by this exercise and the large “compensation packages” that go with it, placement season is a punishing experience for students. Candidates, placement coordinators, teachers, and even alumni describe it as extremely stressful.
For students, the first phase of placements, spanning the first half of December, is the culmination of months of planning, workshops, consulting teachers and alumni, mock-interviews, and tests. For the few who land jobs in the first few days, the pressure lifts early; for the rest, things get worse. “One student gets a job on the first day, their roommate goes into depression,” a dean at IIT-Delhi remarked. For this reason, and to get parents to back off, placement cells of several IITs insist on keeping offers secret until the exercise is over.
Seeking guarantee
Many students enter the IITs weighed down by expectations. “Parents want to know about employment prospects at the time of counselling (conducted after admission to help the student decide which programme to join),” said the IIT Delhi dean, who, not authorised to speak to the press, asked not to be named. Manu Santhanam, placement advisor at IIT Madras, added, “Parents have asked my colleagues during counselling how their child can get placed in Google.”
Anishya Madan, liaison officer at IIT-Delhi's placement cell, has handled such queries, too. A few years ago, they were accosted by the parents of a second-year biochemical engineering student in their office. They wanted to know if their son could change their stream even though they had not done well enough. In the IITs, students from all branches of engineering study the same curriculum in the first year and only those who do really well are allowed to change streams in the second. “His mother thought they would not get the best jobs without changing streams,” said Madan. “She told me they wanted a ‘crore-plus' (more than Rs1 crore ($155,200) per year) salary for him, and if they were not allowed to change, they would make them withdraw and write the Joint Entrance Examination (for admission to the IITs) again.” Permission was not granted and Madan does not know what became of that student.
The hype over placements and packages does not help. “Just a few days ago, a student forwarded an article from a Hindi paper saying that from 2012 to 2017, 342 students got offers with salaries over Rs35 lakh,” said Madan. “The student who showed it to me does not plan to start working but wants to go for higher education. Their father had sent them the article, possibly wondering why these figures had not been shared with them before. Parents, going by news reports, want to know why another student from the same institution will be paid much more than their child.”
The “crore-plus” offers are quite rare, and every placement season there are many who do not find offers they can accept and do not join the second phase of placements in January. Santhanam said the median salary is in the Rs9-10 lakh region.
Planning ahead
Yet, students plan for placements for months, even years. Minor subjects—courses studied in addition to the main discipline from second year—are selected with an eye on improving placement prospects. For instance, those angling for positions in the finance sector, Gupta explained, may opt for financial engineering as a minor. Gupta themselves studied coding and data science, and their new job will require both.
Preparation begins in earnest in the summer of the fourth year, the final year for many streams. “It is always there in the back of your mind but when you go home during the summer, you weigh your options and decide,” said a final-year student of electrical engineering at IIT-Delhi. Since they are participating in placements this year, they requested not to be named. “You consult your family and seniors and decide if you want to go for higher studies, civil services, study management, or get a job.”
From September onwards, as companies commit to recruiting from campus, the application process begins. Interviews take place after placements officially begin in December, but the shortlisting starts well before. “Practically every weekend, you will find me writing tests,” said the IIT-Delhi student. “We have regular coursework during the week, too, and these weekend tests can go on till 11pm. Then, if you have applied to 50 companies, about 20 of them will hold presentations. Attendance is compulsory.”
Day one
This frantic activity peaks on the first day of the placements. Recruiters get time slots to conduct interviews and most vie to get a slot on the first day. “They feel they will not get the whole pool to pick from if they are not here on day one,” Madan explained.
The scramble for day one creates logistical problems, especially in the older IITs with large graduating classes. “In IIT-Kharagpur, 1,500-2,000 students register for placements each year,” said Akash Tulsani, who graduated in civil engineering from the IIT last year, and was recruited by a sales and marketing consulting firm based in Gurugram. “Because the numbers are huge, competition and stress are very high.”
Gupta said the students may have to appear for interviews through the day from 4am, and write tests at 9pm or 10pm. That is because placement cells squeeze in as many recruiters as possible on day one despite fearing “it may not be healthy,” as Santhanam put it, because “IITs also compete with each other.” No IIT would risk a major recruiter dropping out because they don't like the time slot assigned, Gupta pointed out.
“But once you get a job,” Gupta added, “the process stops for you.”
It gets harder for those still in the field. “After three-four days, students look like they are losing their minds,” recalled an IIT-Kanpur alumnus, who asked not to be named.
Gupta said two of their friends at IIT-Kharagpur have not been selected for final interviews. “They were expecting to be selected and are disappointed,” they said. “But it is important to not break down. I have seen students grow tense if they did not get placed in the first few days. Classmates with equally good marks and profiles do not get offers. A few even cry.” The IIT-Delhi student agreed that students fret about getting offers on day one. “They care about which day, which slot, and what salary,” they said.
Peer support
As the students stagger through days of interviews and tests, their peer group becomes simultaneously a cause for stress and their main support. Tulsani was placed on the third day, after appearing for four-five interviews and being rejected. “Everyone else in my circle was placed by then,” they recalled. “The pressure you feel from peers is high but they also guide and support you.”
Referring to gloating social media posts about job offers, an IIT-Delhi student, Kumar Sambhava, wryly asked in an article last year: “Are we really sure that we deserved our jobs more than everyone out there?” They proceeded to advise restraint.
Tulsani, too, is aware of the effect thoughtless expressions of triumph have on colleagues. “A close friend was not able to get a job in the first phase,” they said. “He had taken a loan and was desperate. They withdrew, stopped talking or engaging on social media.” But at the same time, they said, it is the peer group that can be relied upon to bolster sagging spirits, help revise course material for tests, and practise for interviews.
Outside campus
Tulsani's friend chose not to risk waiting till the January round and started looking beyond campus placements. “This is common for students not placed in phase one,” said Madan. “Some also decide to not accept offers under than a certain amount and do not show up for interviews scheduled towards the end of phase one.”
Tulsani's friend “started talking to professors and collecting as many references, alumni contacts and HR (human resource) contacts as possible.” Santhanam of IIT-Madras said there is “a whole range of contacts” between faculty and companies, and professors are generally able to help.
Alumni networks, too, are tapped for references, said Gupta, a member of IIT-Kharagpur's alumni cell. Alumnus networks can also be relied upon to help secure internships.
This post first appeared on Scroll.in. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
I Snuck Into The Yeezy Show And Sat Front Row
Yeezy Season 4 was a disaster. Mainly due to the far location, late start time, fainting models, broken heels, and massive heatwave. But also because they let me fully sneak in.
I walked into my office on 26th street at 9 am, assuming I'd be glued to my computer writing about cool fashion week events I wouldn't have the luxury of attending. My editor suggested I try to ask some of my connections for passes to Yeezy Season 4 happening later that day, and so that's exactly what I did. Only all of my “connections” are selfish assholes who wouldn't help me even though I've written multiple articles on them! So I got pissed and decided I would try to sneak in on my own.
I used social media sleuthing and Google to figure out all the details I could. The Cut published an article suggesting the show was on Roosevelt Island. Where on Roosevelt Island? Nobody knew. Even the biggest industry insiders didn't know what was happening until 12 hours before the show began. I didn't mind though — I was going to Roosevelt Island! The article also revealed that guests received an invite instructing them to gather at a top-secret Manhattan location where a shuttle bus would be waiting to take them to the show's undisclosed venue. I figured I'd bypass that.
I left my office to try and find an outfit that looked fashionable enough for Yeezy himself. I tried on somewhere around 15 outfits until I found one dirty enough to pass for the fuckery that is high fashion. I ended up wearing some black Uniqlo trousers, a tan short sleeve turtleneck sweater, and vintage military boots a size too small. Nothing fit because it all belongs to my friend who lives close to my office.
I tried to take the train, but I failed. I was getting really nervous because however much I like to downplay my interest in Kanye West… he's still a mad genius who I will one day tell my kids about. So, melted and afraid, I hopped in an Uber with Simone. They drove a gold Hyundai. I spilled my coffee on my turtleneck.
“It's okay. It'll be fine,” I thought. But what lie should I use to get in to the actual show? Wait, where is the actual show? Thanks to a magical tweet from New York Times fashion director Vanessa Friedman, I figured it out.
Yeezy is happening on Roosevelt Island, folks, in Four Freedoms Park. Interpret as you will. — Vanessa Friedman (@VVFriedman) September 7, 2016
Once I had my location, everything became a bit easier. I still was unsure of what lie I would say when asked for my ticket or name. I thought about using this one: “I'm a super poppin' writer who everyone is dying to have cover their fashion show.” I also thought about this one: “I'm a ‘multiracial model' walking in the show.” I'm half Mexican and half Welsh (lol). I decided not to decide. I knew I had to be able to think on my feet.
I started sweating profusely when I realized I'd be standing in line next to famous people, fashion critics, artists, and buyers whom I've spent my entire life admiring. I'm 23. I said a little prayer on my drive to the island. It went something like, “Please let the security guard throw me a mother fucking bone.” Deep down, however, I knew I'd get in. That's why I took a $38 Uber to Roosevelt Island I guess.
My Uber driver dropped me off as close to the entrance as they possibly could. After 5 minutes of walking I stumbled into a ginormous line. A few street style photographers asked to take my photo. My coffee stains became really embarrassing.
Strange gates opened as if we were being let into Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Kanye legit had us waiting and walking for 10 minutes. Then waiting and walking for 5 minutes. Then waiting and waiting and waiting for close to an hour. I didn't mind because I wasn't invited. But pretty much every person around me let out a sigh or a moan at one point or another.
There were three gates to pass through. Guests were asked to show their tickets at each one. I got through the first one super easily. I just walked through and nobody stopped me. Then I saw Kim Kardashian's bestie, Jonathan Cheban, at the second gate. I somehow snuck in with him. Perhaps we looked like we were friends? Then I got to the third and final gate. Here, they checked everybody's tickets and I started to freak out.
I decided to go with this banger: “I think I dropped my ticket back there! Can you look my name up?” Annoyed, the guest list man pulled out their iPad and asked me for my name. I NEEDED A NAME! I saw a fashion blogger I know semi-well walk through the gate after flashing their ticket. I told the man with the iPad their name. They handed me a ticket. It was literally THAT easy.
When I walked in a few people asked me to take photos of them. I think they were bloggers or something. They said they loved my “angles.” IDK. Large men all wearing “Security” shirts blocked off the high steps leading up to Four Freedoms Park. We waited there for a solid 25 minutes. I didn't mind. But again, I wasn't invited.
The security guards all moved. I looked at a few guests full of confusion. They looked back into my eyes just as confused. “So, should we go up now?” I asked an important looking stranger. “I think so?” they answered. We walked up the steps together. But I ditched them when I got to the top and saw a ton of Yeezy models standing in the grass. There were lots of famous people too, but so many that it was hard to care about any one in particular. Pharrell is really hot in person.
#yeezyseason4 #nyfw A video posted by Aleali (uh•lay•lee) (@alealimay) on Sep 7, 2016 at 2:28pm PDT
I sat on an empty bench because why wouldn't I? I think 3 hours had passed since I started my mission and I was tired! About 5 minutes after pulling myself together on the park bench, I looked up. Who was directly across from me? Only Anna Wintour. I think they were staring at my coffee stained shirt in disgust. But they were wearing glasses. And probably didn't look at me once. Whatever.
I felt truly disrespectful sitting across from Anna like that. So I stood up and moved seats because I'm just not at that level yet… clearly. I mean, I snuck in! Anyway, I thought I found an ideal seat. It was across from Carine Roitfeld. She's important too, but I'm not afraid to look at them in their eyes. Plus, they seemed so infatuated with the clothes on the Yeezy models, I knew they wouldn't be concerned with looking at who was sitting across from them
To my dismay, I picked another wildly inappropriate seat. When the Kardashian's made their entrance an hour late, Kim, Kylie and Kendall all walked in and sat directly across from me. “Jesus Christ,” I thought. They smiled at me… and everyone. I continued to sit front row.
Models began to walk the runway. The clothes were predictably Yeezy x Adidas. “Oversize hoodies, parkas, T-shirts, bra tops and tight-knit tank dresses in pale colors, mostly worn with over-the-knee boots,” as WWD put it. The clothes were too tight and the shoes were too big.
Anna Wintour began to text until a hobbling model got their attention. It was truly so painful to watch. Like, the model legit walked down the runway from start to finish with two broken heels. I couldn't even record it because it hurt my heart. I became sad for Kanye. You can sense how badly they want to be respected by the fashion world. So much that they do foolish things to get that respect.
Kim and Carine seemed to be upset that nobody was helping the broken-heeled model get off the runway. They were making angry faces and gesturing for somebody to help. I almost did, but I figured I'd be kicked out of the show. Bergdorf Goodman's men's style director Bruce Pask hopped on the runway and helped them walk. But not until the very end. I'm sure Kanye shed a tear. Kendall looked like they wanted to laugh.
Homegirl couldn't do it anymore. DOGS WERE BARKIN #YeezySeason4 pic.twitter.com/OZXLvhT9I0 — MEFeater Magazine (@mefeater) September 7, 2016
After the model fiasco, Anna Wintour gave up and left. Kanye came out to do the least glorious bow I've ever seen from him. The show ended. I noticed models on the grass had fainted. I thought it was performance art. But no, it was just 85 degree weather and a lack of direction about their role in the show.
Is this the show? Waiting until the models collapse one by one? #YeezySeason4 #NYFW Am I complicit? What's going on! pic.twitter.com/Mm5pi3GVKN — Robin Givhan (@RobinGivhan) September 7, 2016
I looked at my face in the front camera of my iPhone. My makeup had fully sweat off and was dripping down my face. Kim Kardashian's makeup still looked perfect. I laughed. Hysterically. By myself.
Yeezy Season 4 A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Sep 7, 2016 at 3:27pm PDT
As I shuffled back to my normal, not-at-all famous life, I joined some Yeezy models in a Yeezy cheer. Then I followed the crowd towards the top-secret shuttle bus. I was let off around the corner from my office.
I snuck in and had the time of my life, sure. But I got in because I'm smart enough to know what's up. And in my opinion, Kanye seemed to be wildly out of touch with this show. Neither the fashion nor the production was flawless. In fact, the entire show was messy. From the hour-long shuttle ride to the music festival-like gates and the lack of security to the uninformed models… Mr. West really missed the the mark here. Not to mention, the show took about 4.5 hours and started over an hour late.
“This is behavior that would not be tolerated from true design visionaries — Karl Lagerfeld or West's friend Riccardo Tisci,” said WWD. But had they made a stronger impact with their all black model cast and staging it on the lawn in Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park, Kanye's lack of consideration would have at least been tolerable.
The show felt meaningless, even though I was surrounded by some of the smartest, most beautiful people I've ever seen in my life. It was just hollow. And coming from a man as passion-filled as Kanye West, it felt totally unacceptable. Spanx can only get you so far in fashion, and unfortunately, hobbling models and a disorganized production team don't help.
I do wish I snuck into a show that gave fashion the revival it deserves. To be honest, that is what I expected. But the show, which was a live production by Vanessa Beecroft, was just as boring as every other fashion production Vanessa has been a part of. Same old shit. And fashion is never going to get cool again if we continue on this path. Hey Kanye, I have a few ideas on how you can successfully combine pop culture and fashion. And thanks for the invite!
‘Marine A' has a “real possibility” of overturning their conviction for “murdering” a Taliban terrorist at an appeal hearing next month, after a review of their case found the legal team who had defended them made a series of “errors”.
The Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) found that former Sergeant Alexander Blackman, known as ‘Marine A', was failed by “deficiencies in the standard of defence” as the lawyers representing them carried out “inadequate” preparations for their court martial.
Sgt Blackman was convicted of murder in 2013, but they were granted a fresh appeal last month after a new legal team discovered evidence indicating they were suffering from an undiagnosed mental disorder when they killed the terrorist.
“Had psychiatric evidence been obtained prior to trial it would have identified Mr. Blackman's medical condition and should have caused both Mr. Blackman and their legal representatives to re-assess the incident, their level of culpability and the nature of their defence”, the CCRC report, shown to The Daily Telegraph, said.
“There is a real possibility that the Court of Appeal would consider Mr. Blackman's conviction for murder to be unsafe on the basis that the conduct of their defence prior to trial was deficient to the extent that it led to identifiable errors which rendered the trial process unfair. In the absence of such evidence Mr. Blackman was able to explain only partially, and in an unsatisfactory way, their actions and belief,” the document adds.
During their trial in 2013, Sgt Blackman argued that they thought the wounded terrorist was dead when they fired the lethal shot at short range after a battle.
The review body found that the former marine's lawyers had failed to carry out basic procedures. They did not take a detailed “proof of evidence” statement from Sgt Blackman, failed to set out the events leading to the death of the insurgent, and were guilty of a “failure… to take detailed instructions and give persuasive legal advice”.
“In particular, a psychiatric report should have been obtained to assess Mr. Blackman's state of mind at the time of the incident,” the review adds.
“There are reasons to consider that Mr. Blackman's defence preparations were inadequate…” and “…the CCRC considers that that the defence preparation fell below the standard required”, it states.
D uring the Great Depression of the 1930s, two of the world's most "successful" economies were those of Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany. In hindsight, this sounds perverse – even obscene. But at the time, political leaders from around the world watched the Italian and German economic experiments and, in many cases, lauded them.
During a 1937 visit to Germany, Canadian prime minister William Lyon Mackenzie King noted in their diary how impressed they were by Adolf Hitler's labour policies. In the U.S., as German cultural historian Wolfgang Schivelbusch recounts in their book Three New Deals, then president Franklin Roosevelt pronounced themselves "deeply impressed by what (Italian dictator Benito Mussolini) has accomplished..." King and Roosevelt made these comments not because they favoured Hitler's murderous anti-Semitism or Mussolini's brutal blackshirt tactics.
Article Continued Below
Rather they were intrigued by the combination of authoritarianism and capitalism that the two dictators used to reduce unemployment and revive their respective economies. Both Hitler and Mussolini spent massive amounts of government funds on public works and rearmament. At the same time, their bans on independent trade unions ensured that workers wouldn't interfere with any recovery by demanding higher wages – an example of labour-management co-operation that appealed particularly to King. Even more important than the praise of foreign leaders, however, was the fact that many, if not most, Germans and Italians liked what their dictators were doing. The reason is fairly simple. With the notable exceptions of Jews, Communists, social democrats, liberals, Roma, gays, dissident pastors and anyone with a shred of conscience – most Germans and Italians were materially better off than they had been.
All of this is worth keeping in mind today as the world heads into what many economists believe will be the worst slump since the 1930s. Because the Great Depression teaches us two things. First, capitalism doesn't need liberalism or even democracy to be successful. In fact, in the '30s, many came to the not illogical conclusion that an authoritarian market economy could provide a higher standard of living.
Article Continued Below
Second, in times of stress, people are susceptible. They want strong leaders and fear outsiders. They are desperate to hold on to what they have and anxious to find scapegoats. A version of this kind of right-wing populism aimed at Muslims swept the U.S., and to a lesser extent Canada, after the terror attacks of 9/11. An economic version is waiting in the wings today. The signs are there. In the U.S., right-wing radio host Rush Limbaugh is treated by much of the media as a fool. Their rantings against President Barack Obama are deemed so beyond the pale that even Canadian-born, conservative ideologue David Frum has weighed in against him. Yet Limbaugh is still avidly listened to by an estimated 20 million Americans each week, far more than read Frum's learned treatises. What's more, Limbaugh's message of anger and resentment resonates. Many Americans are increasingly turning their rage against migrant Mexican workers believed to be stealing jobs. That's a Rush Limbaugh issue that's now raised by even Hispanic members of the U.S. Congress. As the economy worsens, the message of right-wing populism will almost surely resonate more. In Europe, there are similar rumblings. British workers have protested against Italian and Portuguese labourers imported to do local jobs. While insisting that it is maintaining its open-door policy to other European Union members, the government there has quietly made it harder for non-EU immigrants to get work visas. In France, the government of President Nicolas Sarkozy has persuaded carmaker Renault – in exchange for government aid – to move some of its auto production from Slovenia to Paris. Sarkozy insists the move won't cost Slovenia any jobs. But the decision has unnerved Eastern Europe's low-wage countries that, until recently, were big fans of global trade. Indeed, the recession has already brought political instability to Eastern Europe. With export markets drying up and their currencies foundering, Hungary and Ukraine face bankruptcy. Bulgaria and Lithuania have been hit by protests. On Tuesday, the Czech government fell. Meanwhile, the promises of those advocating the more liberal version of capitalism have proven remarkably hollow. In the fall, leaders of the world's 20 main economies, the so-called G-20, promised not to raise any new trade barriers – even those permitted under international treaties. Yet since then, almost all of these countries have broken this vow. The U.S. was the most flagrant with its Buy America provisions imbedded in President Barack Obama's stimulus package. But the World Bank calculates that at least 16 other members of the G-20, including Canada, have introduced similar trade-restrictions measures since November. The international body targets Canada's decision to subsidize North American auto plants in this country as one such measure that has caused distortions in the international trading economy. None of which is to say that fascism is just around the corner. History rarely repeats itself in such an obvious manner. Indeed, the modern version of authoritarian capitalism, Chinese capitalism, is neither racist nor (for the time being at least) imperialist. Besides, if governments are willing to admit the failings of the market economy, there are ways to deal with this slump that do not require dictatorship. But simplistic and dangerous ideas do exist out there. And if, as former Bank of Canada governor David Dodge suggested this week, the crisis continues for several years, and if governments can provide nothing more than ineffective market nostrums, these dangerous ideas will gain popular appeal. That's the part of history that does repeat itself. Thomas Walkom's column appears Wednesday and Saturday.
NAPUSTIO DUBAI I DOŠAO U KOKOČAK
Živio je u hotelima sa sedam zvjezdica, tvrtku vrijednu milijune dolara poklonio prijatelju i skrasio se u slamnatoj kućici!
KOKOČAK - U današnjem svijetu pohlepnih ideala, želje za moći i utrke za novcem postoje ljudi koji vjeruju samo u ono normalno, u život s vjerom, samo u buđenje u novom danu, život od danas do sutra s osmijehom na licu. Jedan od takvih ljudi je osebujni Nikola Borić (38), rođeni Zaprešićanin, čovjek visokih svjetonazora, visokoobrazovani mladić sa završenim kineziološkim fakultetom koji je prošao cijeli svijet, a danas živi u dva kvadrata slamnato-drvene kućice u divljini potpapučkih šuma, nadomak selu Kokočak blizu Orahovice. Nikolin životni put za jednog mladog čovjeka uistinu je prebogat.
- Nakon završetka studija bavio sam se triatlonom, bio sam reprezentativac Hrvatske osam godina. Nakon toga bio sam trener, trenirao jako puno Hrvata, kasnije otišao van i nastavio raditi kao trener, pripremao sportaše u 20 različitih sportova. Radio sam sa Stjepanom Božićem šest godina i s njim uzeo svjetsku titulu, s Anom Sršen uzeo dva srebra u Sydneyju i Ateni, s Gordanom Kožuljem osvajao medalje, u Hrvatskoj sam stvorio prvake u 30 različitih sportova. Onda sam počeo raditi za jednog američkog menadžera i otišao raditi u Maroko s pobjednikom Dijamantne lige na 1500 metara, radio s više od 100 Etiopljana, s Kenijcima pobjednicima maratona u New Yorku i Parizu, Dubaiju, Londonu, a nakon toga radio sam za tursku i azerbajdžansku atletsku reprezentaciju - počeo je priču Nikola.
No ono najzanimljivije tek dolazi. Nikola je u vrijeme svog posla živio u hotelima sa sedam zvjezdica, prošao sve kontinente i živio na visokoj nozi. No, to nije ono što je njegovo srce htjelo. Želio je duševni i životni mir. Sve to ostavio je iza sebe, vlastitu tvrtku vrijednu nekoliko milijuna dolara u Kini poklonio je prijatelju za rođendan i krenuo pronaći svoje mjesto pod suncem. Osam godina tražio je idealnu lokaciju po cijelom svijetu i našao mali Kokočak blizu Orahovice.
- Mene je divljina vukla cijelo vrijeme. Ja sam tražio gotovo devet godina lokaciju prema svojim željama. Sastavio sam popis što sve želim imati i prošao cijeli svijet i našao sve ovdje. Tražio sam mjesto u šumi s izvorima vode, potokom i gdje nema ljudi. Ovdje sam sve to našao i sada me svaki dan vodi srce i molitva. Možda odem danas popodne, a možda ostanem zauvijek, tako zapravo izgledaju moji planovi - nastavlja Nikola koji živi u dva kvadrata male nastambe od slame i blata, čiji su zidovi bale od sijena, a krov od letava. Unutra ima jednu bačvu u koju naloži vatru, spava na balama sijena na kojima su podmetači za stolice. Ono što je najintrigantnije, Nikola jede samo jednom tjedno, ali redovito održava higijenu.
- U principu, jelo mi ne treba, moja mačkica pojede više od mene. Hranim se iz drugih izvora, redovno se molim i meditiram, od četiri do šest sati svaki dan, i to mi je hrana. Bog mi sve daje što mi je potrebno. Pitali ste me za higijenu, kupam se u potoku. Evo, sada preko zime iz sela sam dobio i kadu pa ispod nje vani naložim, ulijem vodu i kupam su u toplijoj vodi. Ovdje sve radim od prirodnih materijala u krugu od 200 metara što mogu naći. Pokušavam živjeti samoodrživo, imam neku viziju da ovdje napravim neki botanički vrt i neku permakulturu, sklad prirode i životinja, dakle ograničeni broj životinja da se ne uništavaju priroda i biljke. No, kažem ja, nikad ne znam kako ću se ujutro probuditi. Danas uživam u ovoj prirodi, okružuju me divlje životinje, svinje, srne i jeleni, ptice, vodene kornjače i rakovi, nekako ipak mislim da ću ovdje živjeti zauvijek – priča osebujni Nikola koji je već jednom živio u sličnim uvjetima.
Vladimir GRGURIĆ
The Centre for Constitutional Rights, a New York-based non-profit legal group, requested an ICC inquiry on behalf of the Survivors Network, arguing that the global church has maintained a "long-standing and pervasive system of sexual violence" despite promises to swiftly oust predators.
The Vatican said it had no immediate comment on the complaint.
The complaint names Pope Benedict XVI , partly in their former role as leader of the Vatican's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, which in 2001 explicitly gained responsibility for overseeing abuse cases; Cardinal William Levada, who now leads that office; Cardinal Angelo Sodano, the Vatican secretary of state under Pope John Paul II; and Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, who now holds that post.
Lawyers for the victims say rape, sexual violence and torture are considered a crime against humanity as described in the international treaty that spells out the court's mandate. The complaint also accuses Vatican officials of creating policies that perpetuated the damage, constituting an attack against a civilian population.
Barbara Blaine, president of the US-based Survivors Network of those Abused by priests, said going to the court was a last resort.
"We have tried everything we could think of to get them to stop and they won't," they said. "If the Pope wanted to, they could take dramatic action at any time that would help protect children today and in the future, and they refuse to take the action."
The odds against the court opening an investigation are enormous. The prosecutor has received nearly 9,000 independent proposals for inquiries since 2002, when the court was created as the world's only permanent war crimes tribunal, and has never opened a formal investigation based solely on such a request.
Instead, prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo has investigated crimes such as genocide, murder, rape and conscripting child soldiers in conflicts from Darfur to this year's violence in Libya. Such cases have been referred to the court by the countries where the atrocities were perpetrated or by the UN Security Council.
Also, the Holy See is not a member state of the court, meaning prosecutors have no automatic jurisdiction there, although the complaint covers alleged abuse in countries around the world, many of which do recognise the court's jurisdiction.
The prosecutor's office said in a statement the evidence would be studied. "We first have to analyse whether the alleged crimes fall under the Court's jurisdiction," it said.
The Survivors Network and victims are pursuing the case as the abuse scandal, once dismissed as an American problem by the Vatican, intensifies around the world. Thousands of people have come forward in Ireland, Germany and elsewhere with reports of abusive priests, bishops who covered up for them and Vatican officials who moved so slowly to respond that molesters often stayed on the job for decades.
Vatican officials and church leaders elsewhere have apologised repeatedly, clarified or toughened church policies on ousting abusers and, in the US alone, paid out nearly $3 billion in settlements to victims and removed hundreds of priests.
The Vatican is fighting on multiple legal fronts in the US against lawsuits alleging the Holy See is liable for abusive priests.
Those prosecutions also could form an impediment to the ICC taking the case. The tribunal is a court of last resort, meaning it will only take cases where legal authorities elsewhere are unwilling or unable to prosecute.
Also, the court does not investigate crimes that occurred before its 2002 creation. A study commissioned by the US bishops from the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York found abuse claims had peaked in the 1970s, then began declining sharply in 1985, as the bishops and Société Générale gained awareness of the problem.
This month, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) announced that it is suing a regional restaurant group that owns a number of fast-food franchises, including Applebee's, Panera Bread and Chevy's, because the group requires all of its employees and applicants to sign a “forced arbitration” clause as a condition of employment – that is, if these employees want to work in the group's restaurants, they must sign away their right to hold their employer accountable in court for violating state or federal employment laws.
The EEOC's efforts are admirable, but they address a tiny portion of a much bigger problem. These hidden forced arbitration clauses lurk behind many of the most brutal injustices facing consumers and workers. For example, a court in Texas recently held that a woman who washed dishes at a fast food restaurant could not sue in court for damages from personal injuries they sustained on the job. The problem had nothing to do with their argument that she'd been treated unfairly; the problem was that their employee handbook had contained a forced arbitration agreement that dictated that their claims were to be decided by a private arbitrator.
Advertisement:
We've faced problems like this before. In the early 20th century, American corporations frequently required their workers to agree not to join together in a union to seek higher wages or better working conditions. The choice wasn't whether or not to waive your rights, but whether you wanted a job — and that wasn't much of a choice at all. Commentators at the time referred to these agreements as “yellow-dog contracts,” because they “reduced to the level of a yellow dog” every person forced to sign them. The contracts were not the result of free and equal bargaining between workers and their employers. Rather, they effectively forced employees to sell themselves into indentured servitude. With the Norris-LaGuardia Act, Congress preserved workers' dignity and restored the freedom to contract.
Recently, a series of Supreme Court decisions have made forced arbitration agreements a new kind of “yellow dog contract.” Buried in the terms and conditions of cellphone contracts, credit agreements, school enrollment forms, nursing home contracts and employment contracts in non-union workplaces, forced arbitration clauses require consumers and employees to give up their constitutional right to a jury of their peers as a condition of keeping their job or buying goods from a company. (Through the collective bargaining process, unionized workers have the advantage of negotiating over an arbitration agreement.)
Although claims forced into arbitration — unlike claims filed in court — are generally secret, we know about forced arbitration agreements because so many merchants and employers have inserted them into the fine print of boilerplate contracts we see every day.
We know that despite assurances from corporations that arbitration is faster and quicker than litigation, forced arbitration agreements often require consumers and non-union employees to pay arbitration fees that are much higher than the filing fees they would have to pay to file a claim in court.
We know that the vast majority of consumers and non-union employees are prevented from vindicating their rights because forced arbitration clauses prevent them from pooling their resources in a class or collective action, thus allowing companies to violate the law with impunity.
We know that arbitrators who handle claims under these forced arbitration clauses, who are paid hundreds of dollars by the hour, have a financial incentive to rule in favor of corporations to keep getting work from the companies whose arbitration clauses designate them to decide claims.
Advertisement:
And we know that these agreements, like the “yellow-dog contracts” of the early 1900s, aren't agreements at all. They are the price of being a consumer or non-union worker in 21st century America.
The legalese in the “Terms & Conditions” we absentmindedly accept online and the dense language of the employee handbooks given to us on the first days of jobs in non-unionized workplaces aren't bargained for after negotiation as contracts should be. This language is developed by lawyers in office buildings behind closed doors. Recently it came to light that, in the late 1990s, the major credit card companies came together to form a secret “arbitration coalition” designed to create ways to force consumers to waive their rights to file claims in court. When credit card companies changed the terms of their card agreements to effectively insulate themselves from liability for wrongdoing, consumers were left without a choice. They could either waive their rights or give up their credit cards.
Voluntary arbitration can help resolve some disputes, but consumers and employees should have the opportunity and right to make this choice for themselves. Recently, President Obama signed an Executive Order allowing employees of large federal contractors to voluntarily decide whether they want to submit their sexual harassment or discrimination claims to private arbitration. The CFPB can do the same for consumers of financial products, the Security Exchange Commission for some investors, and the EEOC can help tackle the clauses in employment agreements. Congress can simplify things by giving all employees and consumers the right to voluntarily decide whether they want to arbitrate disputes.
The freedom to contract is one of the bedrocks of our society. Let's take it back by stopping forced arbitration.
Investigators have also found a third train that was hit by a projectile. (Published Saturday, May 16, 2015)
Investigators have asked the FBI to look at whether a projectile, like a rock or bullet, hit Amtrak Regional 188 moments before it sped up and derailed at a curve in Philadelphia Tuesday night, killing eight people and injuring more than 200.
The latest information comes after NTSB investigators interviewed three Amtrak employees — including 32-year-old engineer Brandon Bostian — on Friday.
Bostian remembers ringing the train's bell as it passed through North Philadelphia station, about 4 miles from the crash site, but their memory is blank after that point, NTSB's Robert Sumwalt said. The interview lasted an hour and a half and Bostian, accompanied by their lawyer, was described as "extremely cooperative."
An assistant conductor told the NTSB they heard a SEPTA operator on adjacent tracks radio that their window had been shattered by an unknown projectile. That SEPTA train was one of two trains that NBC10 previously reported were hit by projectiles on the same line around the same time that night.
The woman, who was working in the fourth car that is a cafe car, said they believed they heard Bostian tell the SEPTA engineer their train had also been hit by something.
Moments later, the train careened off a curve at Frankford Junction in Port Richmond as it traveled more than 100 mph in a 50 mph zone.
"We have not independently confirmed this knowledge. We rely on the FBI for their expertise in such areas," Sumwalt said.
Bostian, who suffered a concussion, head and leg injuries and doesn't remember the crash, did not tell investigators the train was hit by a projectile. A second assistant conductor, interviewed Friday, did not hear the conversation either, but may have been having trouble with their radio.
An outward-facing video feed on the locomotive also did not record a strike, according to Sumwalt.
The FBI will be looking at a damaged windshield on Amtrak 188. Sumwalt said the windshield was shattered in the derailment, but there's one area, on the lower left side, that they will be focusing on and analyzing the fracture pattern.
What About the Speed?
Whether or not the locomotive was hit by a projectile, it still doesn't explain the train's quick acceleration. The train does not have an automatic throttle — meaning a person must move the throttle to control the speed. Sumwalt said investigators are working to rule out all possibilities including a "mechanical anomaly."
Investigators plan to comb through data from the black box which records movement of the throttle.
A 3D scan was made of the interior and exterior of the train. Investigators plan to reconnect the engine's brake lines and conduct tests in the coming days to determine whether they were operating properly. Initial findings showed the train only decelerated by four miles per hour after the emergency brake was applied.
2 Years Later: Deadly Amtrak Derailment
Bostian is well-versed in their job, investigators said, and is described by friends as someone who's loved trains since they were a child.
Brad Watts, a longtime friend of Bostian and former NBC News producer, told NBCNews.com they are a good person who cares deeply about their job.
"He knows the responsibility that it takes for a person to get people to and from their destination safely," they said. "Something happened … catastrophic to cause the train to derail."
Watts has not spoken to their friend since the derailment, but has been in touch with their significant other, they said.
"Knowing Brandon myself, Brandon cares a lot about people and I can imagine that it's tearing them up inside," they said.
The NTSB is wrapping up their on-site investigation and planning to head back to Washington, D.C. to continue the probe. Sumwalt did not have a timeline when the investigation would be complete.
Two Trains Hit Before Crash
SEPTA Regional Rail train 769 heading northbound toward Trenton, New Jersey, was hit by something at 9:05 p.m., the transit authority told NBC10 Wednesday. The impact of the unknown object shattered the engineer's windshield and forced the train out of service just south of North Philadelphia station.
About 10 minutes later, Amtrak Acela 2173 traveling southbound on the same line was also hit by a projectile. Passenger Madison Calvert was sitting next to the window that was damaged.
Photos of damage to a SEPTA regional rail train and an Amtrak Acela train. The trains were damaged on the same line Amtrak Regional 188 was traveling before it derailed.
Photo credit: SEPTA/Madison Calvert
“I'm like ‘Oh my God, my window's shattered,'” they told NBC10 Thursday. A photo they shared showed a large circular fracture in the glass.
Johns Hopkins student Justin Landis, who was also traveling on Amtrak Acela 2172, told NBC News, that an object hit the train, shattering the window. They said the train was near the Philadelphia 30th Street Station around 9:20 p.m. when they were startled by the the noise.
City officials said earlier this week they didn't believe the incidents were connected to the derailment.
In SEPTA radio recordings, obtained by NBC10 Friday, police initially thought someone may have fired a gunshot at the regional rail train. That turned out not to be true, according to SEPTA Police.
A SEPTA spokesperson said regional rail trains running through the same area have been hit by rocks, thrown by kids or vandals, in the past. They continue to investigate.
Sumwalt said investigators have retrieved video from the SEPTA regional rail train and were listening to radio communication recordings. The regional rail employees will be interviewed by the NTSB.
Julian, a drug-smuggler thriving in Bangkok's criminal underworld, sees their life get even more complicated when their mother compels them to find and kill whoever is responsible for their brother's recent death.
__________
Director: Nicolas Winding Refn
Writer[s]: Nicolas Winding Refn
Starring: Ryan Golsing, Kristin Scott Thomas, Vithaya Pansringarm
__________
Drive might have been my favorite movie of 2011. The visual style and colors, the visual story telling and lack of dialogue, the surprising and shocking violence; it all really worked for me, and many others. Globally, audiences were split between love and hate for the film. Now the time has finally come for the follow up to the indie hit, and it features the same lead actor and same stylistic production, but this is undoubtedly not Drive 2.0. This film is it's own, weird, disturbing, beautiful self.
Although it may not necessarily seem like it, the film is a Western taking place in Thailand. It uses very western cultured themes: the death of a brother, the controlling mother, the journey for revenge, the “dirty” cop who thinks they are God, etc. Other than these arcs, the film is far different than any western I have ever seen.
Refn utilizes silence more-so, I believe, than Drive did, and here it very closely borders the line of “too much” silence. I mean, this is almost a silent film. The select dialogue is really strange and perverse, too. Kristin Scott Thomas says some ridiculous things throughout the film, and you'll find yourself laughing; not necessarily because it's humorous, but just because you can't believe someone just said that. The dialogue helps to show these really, really weird relationships between mother and son, guy and girl, good guy and bad guy.
It is still weird to have a film with a 90%/10% visual/dialogue driven film, but you can feel Refn's hand and direction on literally every shot, and Cliff Martinez also returns to help guide the movie with an awesome, weird, and cool original soundtrack. This time we don't get the now infamous pre-made tracks from artists like Kavinsky, Chromatics, College, or Desire, but there is one track from P.R.O.U.D. that is just stellar, featured in the trailer.
Being a visually driven movie, the eyes are given loads of content on all sides of a beautiful and horrifying spectrum. The utilization of colors in nearly every shot reminds me of Skyfall, only this film features more personal and close-up camera work, and deeper, more intense colors. Lighting dynamics are also stressed and stylized in a good pairing with all of the other visuals. But beyond the lighting and sets, you can easily find yourself with your hands over your eyes from the actual content of the film. It is definitely violent, but in a different vein that I expected and different than the trailer tends to lead you to believe. It's not necessarily gory, but there are some graphic shots, and the film unquestionably earns it's “R” rating.
Being able to look back at the film, I am left satisfied and entertained. I love the characters and all of their different motives and desires [two gods, one from the east, one from the west, battling for their honor]; my room walls can now be littered with awesome posters from all of the beautiful shots found in the film, and I now have a strange desire to travel to Thailand. But the strange thing is the don't think I want to ever actually sit down and watch the film again. It was disturbing and penetrating, and sometimes bordering on boring or dull. For one of the first times I'm not sure that I can decide whether or not I truly liked the film. Another viewing could make me fall in love with it and put it on my all-time favorites list, or it could just as easily turn me off to everything I enjoyed about it the first time through and could be thrown onto my least favorites list. Just this once, I think I am comfortable leaving my opinion right square in the middle ground.
My Rating
2.5/4 – Only God Forgives is a Western film in the East, with great character dynamics and classic western story arcs, but it is completely different from any western you've seen before. Peppered with beautiful colors, lights, camera work, and music, but also equally sprinkled with disturbing violence and visuals, the film is somewhat a struggle to watch, but left me entertained nonetheless.
Advertisements
SCP-085
Static reproduction of SCP-085
Item #: SCP-085
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: [Revised on ██-██-████]. SCP-085 is to be contained in a single chalk-white bond drawing pad in a secure containment facility. Supervised contact with SCP-085 is unrestricted to all personnel with Level-2 access. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-085 are subject to searches and random psych analysis upon entering or leaving the containment area.
Absolutely no paper or canvas media are allowed to exit SCP-085's containment room: any paper trash must be disposed of by incineration after careful inspection. Paper and art supplies are to be brought in only by authorized personnel. In case of fire, flames are smothered using a rapid atmospheric-replacement and CO2-dumping system. Personnel are advised to quickly secure an oxygen mask and tank from the wall at the first sign of smoke or fire to prevent asphyxiation, as this procedure cannot be halted until all fires are suppressed.
Description: SCP-085 is the result of an experiment conducted between SCP-067 and SCP-914. Using SCP-067, Test Subject-1101F drew a single female figure, about 15 cm (6 in) in height and 3.8 cm (1.5 in) wide, in summer dress with long hair pulled back into a ponytail, with the name "Cassandra" written underneath. Dr. [EXPUNGED] proposed using SCP-914 on various settings on images created by SCP-067: Using the [Fine] setting, the 'Cassandra' sketch was transmuted into their present form: a sentient black-and white-animated young woman drawn in clean strokes. Further attempts to duplicate this result have been unsuccessful.
SCP-085 prefers to be called 'Cassy.'  They are completely sentient and, as of ██-██-████, aware of their 2D form and their limitations in a three-dimensional world. Although their voice is inaudible, they have learned to communicate with SCP Foundation personnel through sign language and writing. SCP-085 may be communicated with by writing text on the paper they exist on. Personnel report that they are amicable and motivated, albeit lonely.
SCP-085 can interact with any drawn object on the same page as if it were real. For example, they are able to wear drawn clothing, drive sketched cars, and drink painted beverages. Except for animals and people, any drawn object becomes animated when in contact with SCP-085, but immediately ceases and holds position once out of contact. Artwork initially depicted as in motion such as ocean waves and swaying trees animate to an equilibrium state and stay at rest until acted upon by SCP-085.
SCP-085 has also demonstrated the ability to transfer from one sheet or image to another, as long as the two are flush. In the event SCP-085 enters a picture that does not support drawn objects (such as a repeating pattern), the picture is converted to a background image. SCP-085 perceives the picture as an endless plane of the image drawn upon it.
At the present time, SCP-085 can only exist upon paper or canvas surfaces: SCP-085 cannot transfer onto photos, cardboard, glass, or parchment. When entering other pieces of art, SCP-085 takes on the artistic style of their new environment (whether it be a comic book, an oil painting, watercolor, or charcoal sketching). Note: in comic form, their voice is visible as thought and voice bubbles around their head in typical comic fashion, and as they move between panels the perspective and their relative size are altered appropriately.
Document #085-1: Introduction to several prints authored by M C Escher.
Researcher: Cassandra, this is known as "Ascending and Descending". What do you think?
(At this point, SCP-085 walks a few times around the staircase)
SCP-085: It's pretty, I guess. Would make a neat exercise track.
Researcher: You see nothing inconsistent with the staircase?
SCP-085: No, as far as I can tell it just loops around down/up all the time. Why don't more staircases do that? It's pretty neat.
After this session, SCP-085 requested several 'impossible' objects in their own environment. These requests are pending O5 review.
Document #085-2: Incident 085-A
Prior to ██-██-████, SCP-085 was unaware of its status as a 2-Dimensional object in a 3-Dimensional world: prior security protocols required that SCP-085 be kept unaware of its true nature in order to prevent psychological distress: discrepancies with the perceived "real world" were presented as dreams or nightmares, and an effort was made to present SCP-085 with a scenario in which it was the last surviving human in a post-apocalyptic world, searching for survivors.
The deception was quickly broken following an incident where an SCP Foundation researcher accidentally brought a hard copy of SCP-085's Special Containment Procedures Report into the containment facility and allowed it to contact the artifact's current location. SCP-085 transferred onto the document before the researcher could remove it, and was immediately made aware of its true nature.
Because of the containment breach, several researchers advocated immediate destruction of the artifact. The decision was appealed to the O5-Council, which, in a █ to █ decision, advocated for SCP-085's continued existence.
Since the revelation of their true nature, observers have noted that SCP-085 has begun to show signs of clinical depression. Psychotherapy has been proposed, but the nature of the artifact's state of existence may make it difficult.
Some success has been had by providing SCP-085 tangible means to distract themselves from their condition. In addition to the asupervisorstioned optical illusions, SCP-085 expressed particular interest in a set of technical drawings for a 1964 Ford Mustang Convertible, transferring the parts one by one to a more naturalistic artwork, then assembling the vehicle by hand over the period of a year—gasoline being provided through a Norman Rockwell print of a gas station attendant.
Requests for further diversions of this nature are pending O5-level review and approval.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HARVEY, La. (WGNO) - A Harvey gas station clerk is under arrest, and a suspected shoplifter is being treated for a gunshot wound after an incident Wednesday morning.
According to the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Department, Juan Villanueva, a clerk at the Shell station near the corner of Manhattan Boulevard and the West Bank Expressway confronted a man that they suspected of shoplifting.
That's when sheriff's deputies say that the man tried to run away, and the clerk shot them in the leg.
The shoplifting suspect, 45-year-old Lionel Trim, fled the scene on a bicycle and showed up at University Hospital. They initially said they were shot in Algiers, but later admitted they were shot in Harvey.
Trim was issued a misdemeanor summons for shoplifting. Villanueva, the store clerk, was arrested on charges of aggravated second degree battery and aggravated criminal damage.
Man on scene is breaking glass above front door following shooting at Shell Station in West Bank @WGNOtv pic.twitter.com/22IcwrSBKV — Jacki Jing (@JackiJing) August 24, 2016
Extreme inking: Cook Islanders rediscover lost art of the 'Pacific tattoo' (it looks like there's a good reason it fell out of favour)
Tattooing is being revived as locals rediscover their heritage through traditional arts and crafts
Body art was common in South Pacific nations until missionaries arrived in the 19th Century
Once banned by Christian missionaries as a barbaric, heathen custom, traditional tattooing is making a comeback in the Cook Islands as locals in the Pacific nation reconnect with their cultural roots.
Body art was common in South Pacific nations such as the Cooks, Tonga, Tahiti and Samoa before missionaries arrived in the 19th Century -- so much so that the English word tattoo is derived from the Polynesian terms 'tatau' and 'tatatau'.
Applied with bone or shell chisels, tattoos were a rite of passage for Polynesian men and paintings from the the early days of European contact show muscular warriors with elaborate designs covering much of their bodies.
A tattooist uses a traditional method to tattoo Ricky Masoe during an exhibition in Wellington 'If you were out in a waka (canoe) and came across another boat, you could tell from their tattoos where those guys came from,' said Luther Berg, who runs a tattoo studio at the back of Boogies Bar in the capital Avarua.
'You could identify whether they were from Tonga or wherever. More specifically, if you were among that group, you could tell which island they came from, right down to their family line and genealogy.'
Ricky Masoe lies down as assistants hold their skin tight while master tattooist Su'a Paul Sulu'ape tattoos them
Su'a Paul Sulu'ape, who is descended from a line of master Samoan tattooists, visited the Wellington City Gallery in New Zealand in September to demonstrate the ancient techniques.
Among those they tattooed was Ricky Masoe, who lay prone on a mat as Sulu'ape carved into their skin the precise geometric lines of a pe'a sogaimiti, a design that scrolls from the upper waist to the knees.
Betraying only the occasional wince of pain as the club cracked against the chisel, Masoe held their wife's hand while Sulu'ape worked, assisted by four men, one to stretch the skin, another to wipe away the blood and the others holding Masoe's limbs still.
A master tattooist cracks a club against a chisel to carve the pe'a sogaimiti, a design that scrolls from the upper waist to the knees
Sulu'ape welcomed the tattoo revival in the Cook Islands and said a similar phenomenon was occurring in Tonga, where their father was helping teach locals traditional techniques.
Author Therese Mangos, whose history of Cook Islands tattooing 'Patterns of the Past' was published last year, said missionaries took Biblical warnings against marking the body literally, and zealously set about banning tattoos.
In the Cook Islands, anyone who received a tattoo was fined or given punishment work details under rules imposed by church authorities, Mangos said.
'It was seen as very shameful and against Christianity,' they said. 'There's evidence in the archives that some tattoos were physically removed and scraped off people's bodies with pieces of coral.'
The result, with the exception of Samoa and New Zealand, was a form of cultural amnesia across Polynesia, where traditional tattooing virtually died out.
Traditional tattooing is making a comeback in the Cook Islands as locals try to reconnect with their cultural roots
Many once-revered designs were lost and the ancient technique of applying tattoos by striking an ink-soaked bone chisel with a wooden club resembling a spatula was no longer practiced.
Mangos said interest in tattooing revived in the Cooks in the 1990s as part of a broader cultural movement which involved locals rediscovering their heritage through traditional arts and crafts.
Croc Coulter, one of the few tattooists in the island nation now practicing the traditional technique, said that while some designs had been lost forever, others survived through carving, weaving and tapa (bark cloth art).
Coulter said body art was a type of language in Polynesia and tattooists underwent a lengthy apprenticeship before being considered worthy of working on traditional designs with a chisel and club.
Ricky Masoe's right leg is tattooed by Su'a Paul Sulu'ape using a chisel and club to make the traditional design
They said the growing popularity of Polynesian designs among Westerners had led to concerns about tattooists in Europe stealing artwork they had seen on the Internet simply for its aesthetic appeal, with no regard for its cultural meaning.
'When a person gives you their skin, it's an unusual relationship of trust,' they said. 'You don't want to stuff it up.
'It has to reflect the tradition of their family line or island. That comes with a lot of responsibility.'
Tattooists undergo a long apprenticeship before being considered worthy of working on traditional designs
Not all efforts to suppress tattooing were successful, the practice remains strong among New Zealand Maori and receiving a customary design is still regarded as an important step on the passage to manhood in Samoa.
Tatooist Sulu'ape said they believe the missionaries opposed tattooing because it is a bloody, painful process when performed with customary tools, but said it was such an integral part of Samoan culture that the church was unable to stop it there.
Sulu'ape said they could not understand why the missionaries worked so vigorously elsewhere in Polynesia to stop a practice that they regard as a vital part of the region's cultural identity.
Madoff was not the only one. On Tuesday, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused R. Allen Stanford of a huge fraud, through their Stanford International Bank. According to regulators, the firm misled investors, and offered improbable returns on certificates of deposit. The SEC said it was a fraud of "shocking magnitude" with tentacles throughout the world.
The major indexes were lower from the start, as investors remain skeptical of the stimulus package and the bank bailout plan. President Obama is expected to unveil a new foreclosure plan on Wednesday.
Financial stocks were among the morning's biggest losers. Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley were all down about 10%.
Detroit's automakers were back in the spotlight, with General Motors and Chrysler set to file restructuring plans with the Treasury later Tuesday. If regulators give the green light, GM is in line for another $4.0 billion, and Chrysler would receive $3.0 billion. GM was off 14%, Ford fell 5%.
This article is about 8 cm DVDs. For other uses, see MiniDVD (disambiguation)
Conventional 12 cm disc (left) compared to 8 cm disc (right)
MiniDVD (also Mini DVD or miniDVD) is a DVD disc which is 8 centimetres (3.15 in) in diameter. It refers two separated formats as well. One is a pseudo-format that uses 80mm CD-R(W) to store contents with the same structure as the standard DVD-Video so that standalone DVD players can play it like standard DVD. The other format is a real DVD format, but in a smaller 80mm size, which holds 1.4 GB of data. But there are variants that hold up to 5.2 GB.
The 8 cm optical disc format was originally used for music CD singles, hence the commonly used names CD single and miniCD. Similarly, the manufactured 8 cm DVDs were originally used for music videos and as such became known as DVD single.
MiniDVD is known also as "3 inches DVD", referring to its approximate diameter in inches.
MiniDVD capacities [ edit ]
Recordable 8 cm discs are commonly used in DVD-based camcorders. The most common MiniDVDs hold 1.4 GB of data, but there are variants that can offer up to 5.2 GB of storage space.
Physical size Single layer capacity Dual/Double layer capacity 12 cm, single sided 4.7 GB 8.5 GB 12 cm, double sided 9.4 GB 17 GB 8 cm, single sided 1.4 GB 2.66 GB 8 cm, double sided 2.8 GB 5.2 GB
Variants of MiniDVD [ edit ]
Nintendo used a disc-based format for their GameCube system, which is a variant of an 8 cm DVD. This format is also supported by the Wii for backward compatibility with the GameCube.
See also [ edit ]
Some 66 million years ago an asteroid crashed into the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico, triggering the extinction event that obliterated the dinosaurs and nearly extinguished all life on Earth. It struck with the same energy as 100 million atomic bombs, and left behind a 100-mile-wide scar known today as the Chicxulub crater.
Now, a team of geophysicists has drilled into the gigantic cavity under the Gulf of Mexico, targeting a circular series of hills called a peak ring located at its center. What they discovered illustrates that powerful impacts can catapult materials buried deep in a planet's crust much closer to its surface.
“Chicxulub is the only crater on Earth with an intact peak ring that we can go sample, the next intact peak ring would be on the moon,” said Sean P. S. Gulick, a marine geophysicist from the University of Texas at Austin. “It's ground zero of the Cretaceous extinction event.”
“Of course it's scary,” said Samina Javed, who has lived in the apartment building at 31 St. Dennis Dr., near Eglinton Ave. E. and the Don Valley Parkway, for about two years.
Javed said it was their children who first told them the panels, installed last summer, had collapsed. They still haven't heard anything from the building's management about the problem.
The solar panels collapsed last weekend, residents say, but it wasn't until Friday morning that emergency officials were notified.
Police taped off the sidewalk north of the building around 8:30 a.m. on Friday, concerned that wind could bring the giant sheets crashing to the ground. The panels stuck out several feet over the roof of the nine-storey building. Metal poles holding remaining panels in place appeared to be bending and buckling.
A crane was ordered to remove the panels hanging over the roof, and police were charged with keeping the area secure until the job was done, said Sgt. David Dube.
Resident Harry Singh said the building management had issued no safety warnings about the collapse. “It's a good thing it's winter, or else there'd be kids playing out there,” Singh said, noting there is a daycare in the building next door. That building also has solar panels affixed to the roof.
A woman who answered the phone at the management office on Friday morning directed all questions about the panels' collapse to the company that installed them, Ensqr Corp. Calls to the company were not returned Friday.
The city issued a permit for the panels to be installed last year, said George Zacharakis, a senior building inspector who was assessing the situation on Friday.
There's nothing better than snuggling up on the sofa watching Christmas films with our loved ones over the holidays - particularly the old classics.
But many of our favourite festive movies feature moments that would be unlikely to make it past script editors in the politically correct world of 2017.
Earlier this year Hollywood was rocked by the allegations of sexual harassment and assault against director Harvey Weinstein.
The claims exposed the misogynistic attitude towards women which had been allowed to prevail off screen for decades - and on screen.
Here FEMAIL takes a look at some Christmas classics of yesteryear that include scenes many would consider highly offensive towards women.
In black and white classic It's a Wonderful Life, George Bailey silences Mary during an argument by kissing them - a controversial approach in light of the current conversation around consent.
And in Love Actually, it could be argued that Prime Minister (Hugh Grant) used their position of power to seduce their PA and tea lady (Martine McCutcheon).
The classic musical Oliver! has a series of bar-room scenes in which Nancy the thief is slapped on the bottom by male punters, in an approach that would see any man given short shrift on a night out in 2017.
LOVE ACTUALLY
A prime minister seducing their secretary might not play so well to the public in 2017
It's many people's favourite Christmas film, but Love Actually has come to be regarded as very problematic by some.
The movie sees the Prime Minister (Hugh Grant) use their power to seduce their tea lady Natalie, (Martine McCutcheon), a junior member of staff.
Meanwhile, Andrew Lincoln's character Mark is in love with their best friend Peter's wife Juliet, played by Keira Knightley, and struggles to suppress themselves from acting on it.
Tasked with filming their wedding video, viewers later learn that Mark spent the entire ceremony with the lens trained solely on Juliet's face.
They then shows up on the couple's doorstep in the middle of the night to confess their love
Love Actually's Mark is in love with their best friend's wife Juliet, and spends their entire wedding filming close up footage of their face
They later turns on their doorstep with a series of signs declaring their love for Juliet. Despite many considering their actions to be romantic, others have declared their behaviour to be akin to that of a stalker.
In another scene we see unlucky in love Colin (Kris Marshall) manage to take home not one, not two, but three American girls after charming them in a bar with their British accent.
IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE
George Bailey shouts in Mary's face in It's a Wonderful Life and kisses them passionately just seconds later
The original Christmas film has been criticised for a fiery scene between its main character George Bailey (James Stewart) and their wife Mary (Donna Reed).
The scene in question from It's a Wonderful Life shows George shouting in Mary's face after an unpleasant phone call.
In the middle of ranting at them they grab them and gives them a passionate kiss as a visibly shaken Mary falls into their arms.
Mary in no way consents to being kissed and is overpowered by their husband - essentially forced into the act unwilling.
In light of the current global conversation around consent, it's difficult to imagine a scene like this getting past editors in a family film.
SCROOGED
A secretary at the Christmas party in Scrooged photocopies their bottom and hands out copies to men in the office, who leer at it
The classic Bill Murray movie Scrooged was a 1980s spin on A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens.
And while the film has stood the test of time, some of the scenes certainly place it in a less enlightened era.
In one scene we see Murray's character Frank Cross shown an office party by the ghost of Christmas past, at which some very questionable workplace behaviour unfolds.
One of the secretaries in the company is drunk and photocopies their bottom, pictures of which they then hands out to their male co-workers.
This demeans the women's position in the office, taking them from an equal co-worker to a sex object.
At the same party Frank sees their married boss attempt to flirt with the same secretary, which a cheerful Frank regards as behaviour to aspire to while a modern day audience may consider this an abuse of their powerful position.
OLIVER!
Nancy gets their bottom slapped by a stranger during a dance number in Oliver!
Nancy pulls their dress up to dance while the leering men around them try to peek up their skirts
In another scene Nancy's friend Bet gets grabbed by a stranger in the pub who looks at their chest
Though not strictly a Christmas film, the 1967 musical Oliver! has become a festive favourite.
Now 50 years old, some of its scenes have become dated - and occasionally controversial.
In one scene thief Nancy is seen leading pub punters in a singalong to famous song Oom-pah-pah, and after a dance with a stranger has their bottom slapped in a move that would see any man given short shrift on a night out in 2017.
Later they are seen standing on a table hitching up their skirts to reveal their ankles, at which point a peeping Tom tries to see up their dress even further - inappropriate then, and especially so 50 years on.
And they aren't the only female character in the movie to have to tackle such bawdy behaviour - Nancy's friend Bet is grabbed by a lascivious man openly leering at their breasts.
We also see plenty of bottom slapping and unsolicited kissing, sandwiched in between cheery singalongs in pubs in what is supposed to be a family film.
The Harvey Weinstein scandal and sexual harassment in Hollywood Since October, at least 75 women have come forward in the media to detail accounts of assault, harassment and inappropriate conduct by movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. Among the first two women to go public with their allegations were actores Rose McGowan and Ashley Judd. Following that, a raft of other allegations followed, including from Gwyneth Paltrow and Angelina Jolie, who both said they were harassed by the producer. The Harvey Weinstein scandal has shone a spotlight on a culture of sexual harassment within the film industry, as well as sparking the #metoo movement online. Other Hollywood A-Listers have since faced allegations of sexual harassment, including Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman and Ben Affleck.
THE HOLIDAY
Starring Kate Winslet and Cameron Diaz The Holiday quickly became a Christmas classic upon its release in 2006 thanks to its heartwarming story of two women unlucky in love, finally finding romance.
However, among the merriment, one plot line has a rather sinister undertone.
In The Holiday Iris (Kate Winslet) asks former flame Jasper Bloom to stay out of contact while they travel to LA to 'get over him'
Just hours after arriving they receive a phone call from Bloom and just a few days later a package, though it remains unclear how they got their address
Iris (played by Winslet) is seeking solace after their former flame and colleague, Jasper Bloom announces their engagement.
While travelling to the home of Amanda (Diaz) in LA as part of a house swap to get away from their problems, they kindly asks that Bloom (Rufus Sewell) doesn't contact them while they try to get over him.
However, within hours of their arrival Iris receives a phone call on Amanda's home phone from Bloom despite not giving out their number. They also proceed to question them about what they are wearing asking 'have you put on that little red bikini yet?'
After not hearing from their estranged lover, Bloom turns up unannounced at the house they are staying in having bypassed front gate security
Just a few days later Iris receives a package from Bloom containing their written work, however, once again they had not provided an address to their former flame.
In perhaps the most unnerving scene, having received no reply from Iris, Bloom calls them once again, asking for them to check their front door for a 'surprise'.
Upon opening the door Iris is met by Bloom who has somehow tracked down their address, flown to LA uninvited and bypassed the heavy security on the front gate (which we see Iris struggling with earlier in the film).
Bloom's behaviour in the narrative holds parallels with that of a stalker thanks to the unwanted attention and the obsessive and calculative ways in which they try to contact and manipulate their target.
BRIDGET JONES'S DIARY
In Bridget Jones' Diary we see the leading lady fall under the spell of their charming boss, played by Hugh Grant, who indulges in some inappropriate workplace behaviour
Bridget Jones is seduced by their lothario boss in the first Bridget Jones movie
The hapless love life of the eternally single Bridget Jones struck a chord with many single women when it came out in 2001.
But certain scenes in the romantic comedy haven't stood the test of time.
Bridget is seduced by their boss Daniel Cleaver, who sends their flirty emails from their work account describing their 'naughty little skirt', and telling them how great their breasts look.
Aside from the clearly inappropriate workplace language, Cleaver could be seen as abusing their position, using their authority to manipulate Jones.
They later get together before they cheat on them with another co-worker.
It's hard to imagine a film in 2017 that depicts a high powered man seducing a junior employee as romantic - or acceptable.
ELF
Buddy the Elf goes and waits in the women's bathroom while their co-worker has a shower
The adventures of Buddy in New York City became an instant Christmas classic when Elf was released in 2003.
And while the film is supposed to be light-hearted and festive, there are a few scenes that are likely to raise a few eyebrows.
In one scene Buddy creeps into the women's bathroom while their colleague Jovie is singing in the shower because they love the sound of their voice. This would qualify as creepy behaviour from anyone in an office - even someone dressed as an elf.
Jovie's choice of tune is also notable, in that it's lyrics have been called into question on more than one occasion.
They warble along to Baby It's Cold Outside, a call and response classic which tells the story of a woman trying to leave after a date - while their over-zealous suitor insists they stay for one more drink and 'give it up, give it up, give it up'.
The lyrics have come into question over the past few years with one article in 2012 asking 'Is Baby It's Cold Outside a date rape anthem?'
NATIONAL LAMPOON'S CHRISTMAS VACATION
In this 1989 film, lead character Clark Griswold, played by Chevy Chase, makes a series of sexual innuendos as they ogle at the shop assistant's breasts.
While masked as a comic scene, the remarks they make to the young woman are in actual fact highly inappropriate.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation sees main character Clark Griswold ogling at a shop assistant's breasts while making a series of sexual innuendos
They remark that they are 'just smelling' instead of 'smiling', before saying it is 'nipply' instead of 'nippy' - adding 'What am I saying, nipple?'
Clark then drops in the word adultery, before making a crude reference to their genitals.
Their son Russ is seen shaking their head disapprovingly at the end of the scene. Their behaviour would almost certainly be considered harassment and in a more modern film Clark would have been escorted out of the store.
SUSAN SLEPT HERE
This 1954 film sees a 35-year-old Hollywood screenwriter Mark, played by Dick Powell, marry 17-year-old Susan, played by Debbie Reynolds.
Susan Slept Here tells the story of a 35-year-old Hollywood screenwriter, played by Dick Powell (left), marrying a 17-year-old teenager, played by Debbie Reynolds, (right) that they take into their home
It begins with the teenager being brought to Mark's apartment by a police officer after they were abandoned by their mother.
Mark then makes the drastic decision to marry Susan on finding out they would be put in a juvenile detention facility, after they were arrested for vagrancy.
Later on in the movie, they confess that they are in love with the teenager, despite their concerns about the age gap.
JINGLE ALL THE WAY
In Jingle All The Way, neighbour Ted tells Howard's wife Liz to go and take a shower before taking off their apron against their wishes, and appearing to pull a sexually suggestive face
This 1996 Christmas movie is a family classic - telling the story of two dads competing to get a must-have toy for their sons.
However, one rather inappropriate scene shows Ted (Phil Hartman) trying to convince Howard's wife Liz (Rita Wilson) to go upstairs and take a shower.
They then proceeds to take off their apron for them against their wishes, wrapping their arms around them while appearing to pull a sexually suggestive face.
Liz seems shocked by their forwardness, and decides to retreat upstairs.
Their actions are certainly an unwelcome advance and Liz would be more than within their rights to make a complaint against their neighbour.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This one has gone under the radar for years but Everton have been quiet trolling Liverpool brilliantly in the city centre.
The two teams separated by Stanley Park have enjoyed a fierce but friendly rivalry for more than a century with the best barbs at each other being delivered with that famous Scouse wit.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And this might be the nest example of it yet from the blue side of the fence.
The Toffees have two superstores in the city centre; named Everton One and Everton Two.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Which seems perfectly normal until you realise where the second superstore is located.
Because the smaller of the two Toffees shops - opened in 2009 - is actually inside one of the city's biggest shopping malls, which is called Liverpool One.
Which makes the stores full address:
Everton Two, Liverpool One
11 South John Street
Merseyside L1 8BU
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Absolute genius, although in pursuit of balance we should mention that Everton One is in the postcode area of L4, which Liverpool fans claim gives them a 5-3 aggregate win.
Wild Card Race PTS GP GD x- FC Dallas 52 34 3 x- Colorado Rapids 49 34 3 x- Columbus Crew 47 34 -1 x- New York Red Bulls 46 34 6 z- Chicago Fire 43 34 1 z- Portland Timbers 42 34 -8 z- D.C. United 39 34 -3 z- San Jose Earthquakes 38 34 -5 z- Chivas USA 36 34 -2 z- Toronto FC 33 34 -23 z- New England Revolution 28 34 -20 z- Vancouver Whitecaps 28 34 -20 ss - clinched Supporters' Shield
x - clinched playoff spot
z - eliminated from playoff contention
Enter MLS Cup playoffs as Top 3 conf. finisher Enter MLS Cup playoffs as wild-card finisher Did not qualify for MLS Cup playoffs The top three finishers in each conference, based on regular season points (six automatic berths)
The next best four clubs based on regular season points, irrespective of conference (four wild cards) The four wild cards will play single elimination games against each other, with higher seeds hosting (1 vs. 4; 2 vs. 3). These play-in games are part of the MLS Cup Playoffs. After the two play-in games conclude, the lowest remaining seed will face the Supporters' Shield winner in the Conference Semifinals; the other will face the No. 1 seed in the opposite conference from the Supporters' Shield winner.
For complete playoff format and tiebreakers, click here.
Every year, the Japanese company that my wife works for organizes a ‘Mayday weekend trip' and despite the fact that it's never ever held on May 1st (it usually takes place in June or July) the format is always the same. It's basically a weekend jolly for staff from several departments to bond with each other and do the three things that Thais always enjoy doing - namely eating, drinking and gossiping about the staff who aren't there.
Because my wife holds a relatively senior position in the general affairs department, the company very kindly invites me to ‘tag along' as the token foreigner. Apart from the fact that it's always nice to get away for the weekend, it provides me with a great opportunity to practice my Thai language skills, given that the majority of the Thai staff are very poor in English.
The Mayday weekend is usually held at a Thai-style beach resort or perhaps a log cabin complex in the middle of a national park. Anywhere will do as long as there is some nice scenery and enough activities to keep folks occupied for 36 hours or more.
Staff have two options to get to the destination - they can either take their own car (which gives them a greater degree of flexibility) or they can hop aboard a chartered company bus.
I've just returned from my sixth annual Mayday outing. For the first couple of years, my wife and I ‘slummed it' and took the company bus, and while that option obviously appeals to those who don't own a car, the waiting around for latecomers and the ear-splitting karaoke videos does tend to wear a bit thin.
So now we do as most of the management staff do and take our own vehicle. This means we can arrive at the resort ‘fashionably late' and be totally in control of things when it's time to head back home to Bangkok.
I look forward to these company weekends. Although I'm not a company employee, over the years I've grown very fond of the staff who I see every twelve months on the Mayday jolly and at other events throughout the year such as weddings and birthday parties, etc.
This year, the venue was the excellent Cabana Chao Lao Resort in Chantaburi Province. It was the perfect place for Thai staff to escape to and really let their hair down.
Once everyone had arrived and been assigned their rooms, it was straight down to the sandy beach for some boisterous team games. There then followed snacks and beers at the open-air bar, with a gorgeous, late afternoon breeze blowing in from the ocean.
When darkness fell around 6pm, it was time for the main event - a buffet dinner followed by some live entertainment provided by local singers. And I'll say one thing about these weekends - someone does a fine job of making sure that the free beer and wine flow all evening. Thai companies never come up short in that department.
Sunday morning saw small groups of bleary-eyed and hungover friends, shuffling down for a late breakfast before taking a final stroll along the beach and packing bags in readiness for the journey home.
A fantastic time was had by all.
However; my main purpose for writing this blog is to ask one simple question - why oh why had no one ever told me to visit Chantaburi Province before? Admittedly I was only there for one night and a couple of half days, but by jove, did I love what I saw, even for such a brief period.
The only time I'd ever been to Chantaburi Province was over twenty years ago, when an Indian friend (a gemstone dealer by profession) took me down there to see one of the famous open-air gemstone markets. And although it was an interesting experience at the time, walking around on a muddy scrap of land, gawping at gemstone stalls, was still the only image that came to mind whenever Chantaburi was mentioned to me - until last weekend of course, when I came away with a completely different point of view.
If I only need one reason to feel ashamed at never going to Chantaburi since then, then let's start with the fact that it's just a leisurely four-hour drive from Bangkok. OK, it took us five and a half hours to get there last weekend but I'm going to blame all that on my smartphone sat nav. Chantaburi aficionados have already assured me that the journey can be done in easily four hours from Bangkok.
As you drive down from Bangkok on the main highway, you eventually see the exit signs for Pattaya and Rayong. - neither of which need any introduction. Is that why I saw so few people down in Chantaburi - the lure of Pattaya and Rayong are just too much? But ignore the road-signs, keep on going, and in no time at all, you hit mountains and greenery that follow you all the way down to the Chantaburi coastline.
I'm not going to turn this into an extended travel review because one weekend doesn't qualify me as an expert but here are the points that made the trip so memorable
The scenery was breath-taking, especially along the Chantaburi coast itself. For many years, I've considered the mountainous region around Chiang Rai in Northern Thailand as the place to visit for scenery. Chantaburi Province was on a par with that. I can give it no greater accolade or recommendation.
The whole area was spotlessly clean. I hardly saw a scrap of litter. And anyone who has travelled around Thailand knows the heartbreak of driving along a country road with views to die for, only to turn a corner and glimpse some unofficial dumping ground with the garbage piled six feet high.
I don't know who's in charge of keeping Chantaburi Province clean and tidy, but I certainly salute them here.
While we're on the subject of tidiness, how refreshing it was to see an area mercifully free of those awful advertising hoardings for hotels, new condominium developments and seafood restaurants, etc that blight the landscape of so many other regions (yes, Cha'am and Hua Hin, I'm talking about you)
Cyclists will be pleased to hear that Chantaburi is ideal for them as well. Long stretches of coastal road have clearly-marked cycle lanes and on Sunday morning, we passed many cycling clubs making the most of the perfect conditions for biking. I've never wanted to abandon the car and hop on two wheels quite as much as I did last Sunday.
Finally, Chantaburi Province isn't known as ‘The Garden of Thailand' for nothing. Everywhere you go, there are fruit-stalls selling durian, mangosteen, sala and longans - straight from the farm. No one drives back to Bangkok without stopping off to fill at least a couple of carrier bags to the brim with luscious fruits. And with mangosteens and longans at a hundred baht for three kilos, who can blame them?
I can't wait to get back to Chantaburi. But hopefully next time for a longer stay because I felt we only scratched the surface of this beautiful province. I'm looking forward to seeing so much more.
I'll see you down there!
1. I think the more I read about Deflategate, the less faith I have in the NFL. I'm not saying Tom Brady and the Patriots are totally innocent, but no sensible person would describe the league's proof as being anything close to “beyond a reasonable doubt.” And just because the CBA doesn't say it has to be doesn't mean it shouldn't be. I'm not big on calling for someone's firing, but Roger Goodell went after the sport's grandest star (maybe ever) and this decade's most accomplished franchise. In doing so, they created a gargantuan distraction for both during Super Bowl week. Then they allowed the misinformation from that distraction to percolate for many months, damaging the brand of all parties involved (including, indirectly, the league's). This is the antithesis of “protecting The Shield.” Barring a turn of events in this Deflategate saga—and with the way things have gone, there very well could be another turn of events—Goodell should lose their job.
2. I think I wish every team was as transparent as the Dallas Cowboys. “Anything goes with them,” one PR staffer told me this summer in regards to the club's media coverage policies. This week the Cowboys themselves disseminated what most teams would deem unflattering media coverage—but what all fans deep down really love—by posting video of a good training camp fight. Amazingly, it involved one of their biggest stars, Dez Bryant, who, fair or unfair (it's mostly unfair), already has a reputation for hotheadedness. Bryant's fight with cornerback Tyler Patmon was posted on the team's own website, and the video included post-fight interviews with both players. Hear, hear! to a team not taking itself too seriously.
3. I think instead of wondering if Chip Kelly is racist and can't communicate with black players, we ought to wonder if maybe Kelly just doesn't feel comfortable communicating with the type of players who think it's appropriate to make such serious public accusations about a man after leaving their team. LeSean McCoy said Kelly got rid of all the good black players. Strangely, Kelly replaced McCoy with DeMarco Murray and Ryan Mathews—two pretty good players who are black. Cornerback Brandon Boykin, recently traded to Pittsburgh, made similar intimations about Kelly, saying the head coach was “uncomfortable with men of our culture.” But Boykin had become expendable because the Eagles acquired five new cornerbacks this offseason: Byron Maxwell, Eric Rowe, JaCorey Shepherd, E.J. Biggers and Randall Evans. All five are, ahem…
• CHIP KELLY'S BAD RAP: Robert Klemko touches on unfair accusations of racism against Kelly in their ‘10 Things I Think.'
4. I think the Lions were smart to re-sign DeAndre Levy. No linebacker stood out on film as regularly as they did last season. And Levy was refreshingly level-headed about the whole thing, saying a new contract was never a huge priority (O.K., maybe that's just political correctness talking) and that once the figures of the deal are out, Tampa Bay's Lavonte David will probably earn a richer deal. Here's a man who understands how the NFL market works.
5. Speaking of NFL markets, I think Russell Wilson's contract fascinated me. I expected a longer, uglier, pricier fight between the Seahawks and their star quarterback. But Wilson smartly realized that by playing out their rookie deal at $1.5 million, he'd essentially be losing a year from their high-earning-power window. And Wilson likely added another year to that window by agreeing to a four-year deal, which means he'll be 30 when this deal expires. That's the much smarter way to bet on himself. Quarterback contracts are overanalyzed and always get surpassed by another quarterback's new deal anyway. Because of the limitability of quarterbacks, no position is more driven by sheer market price. That's how guys like Tony Romo, Matt Ryan and Joe Flacco have all taken a (brief) turn as the highest paid at their position.
• INSIDE THE WILSON DEAL: Andrew Brandt breaks down the pros and cons for both sides.
The Texans will be without Arian Foster for a while. (Photo by Bob Levey/AP)
6. I think Arian Foster's groin injury means the Texans are done as playoff contenders. Foster, when healthy, is a top-five running back who understands the nuances of Houston's staple zone game. They can create their own yardage, both as a runner and short-area receiver. Houston might find another plug-and-play zone running back, but not one good enough to offset an iffy quarterback situation.
7. I think what Dan Quinn told Robert Klemko about Desmond Trufant—that the third-year corner will essentially play the Richard Sherman role in Quinn's new scheme for the Falcons—is fascinating. Trufant is 6-feet, 190 pounds. He's already a top-15 corner whose game is predicated on short-area quickness, not physicality. Sherman is 6-3, 195. Those extra three inches matter when it comes to jamming wide receivers. But Sherman's excellence is in their technique as much as anything. That's where Quinn thinks Trufant can improve. We'll see.
THE MMQB PODCAST: The latest from Benoit, Klemko and Peter King
8. I think every team ought to treat its training camp fans like the Raiders treat theirs. For starters, there are no fees for entrance or for parking at the team's Napa Valley complex. And free, ice-cold bottled water and Gatorade are available for everyone at all times. Photographs are allowed, though only during certain sessions. Those rules get observed because the security staff is so respectful in the way it enforces them. Autograph sessions follow every practice. Your training camp fans are your most ardent supporters. Most of them know all 53 players from last year's roster and yell encouragements even to the undrafted rookie free agents who are living on the bubble. The Raiders understand and appreciate their fans. And thankfully, they're not the only organization like this. It's worth it for a team to go out of its way to give training camp fans the best experience possible.
9. I think the NFL should consider staggering its Sunday early afternoon start times the same way it staggers the late afternoon start times. With the increased popularity of The Red Zone channel, this would only get more eyeballs on more fourth-quarter plays in close games.
10. I think the Aaron Kromer situation is a little puzzling. The Bills suspended the offensive line coach six games after chargers of them assaulting a minor were dropped. Kromer and the family of the teenager they allegedly struck reached an “amicable resolution.” I have no inside knowledge of what went on, and I do not know Kromer very well. But I have met with them before, exchanged e-mails and been around them in social environments a few times. They have always treated me with the utmost kindness and respect. He's one of the last NFL coaches I would have guessed would ever be entangled in this sort of situation. I'm not saying my limited interactions with Kromer have any bearing on their guilt or innocence in this now-completed legal affair. But I feel that sharing my experience with the man was a fair thing to do here.
• Questions or comments? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com.
I had heard whispers last night of Nebraska Cornhuskers Safety verbal Willie Sykes getting a lot of late love from the Arkansas Razorbacks. Sam McKewon of the Omaha World-Herald thought it was a big smokeshow.
FYI - I asked Willie Sykes via text if they were considering Arkansas. They texted back "Na." #huskers #whateverbielemahashtagsthesedays — Samuel McKewon (@swmckewonOWH) February 3, 2015
Well, the smoke cleared and... na na hey hey goodbye.
COMMIT! 3-star Cornerback Willie Sykes has decommitted from Nebraska and will sign with Arkansas! #WPS — The Arkansas Logo (@Arkansas_Logo) February 4, 2015
First reported by Mike Schaefer of 247Sports and confirmed by their page, Willie Sykes will be signing a LOI with Arkansas without visiting campus on Wednesday.
This could be a decent size loss for Nebraska, as I thought Sykes would be the sleeper of this class in terms of ceiling. Well, we'll have to see it from afar and in the SEC instead.
If the Albert "Tibby Cotter" Walkway to the Sydney Cricket Ground had never been built, the NSW government would have a spare $38 million to spend on other transport projects, hospitals or schools.
But about 22,000 trips would not have been taken over the bridge during five Cricket World Cup games this year – a return on investment slammed as pitiful by the bridge's detractors and welcomed by its champions.
Former Premier Barry O'Farrell was in such a haste to announce and build the walkway over Anzac Parade, named for a former Test cricketer, for the World Cup that Roads and Maritime Services opted not to go to tender for the project.
The cost of the bridge ended up blowing out by $13 million, from $25 million to $38 million, but the walkway was opened just in time for Sydney's first fixture, on February 27, between South Africa and the West Indies.
A rich family stuck in a Podunk town (that they bought for a joke) is a recipe for these reunited comedy vets to stretch their chops
What's the name of the show? Schitt's Creek
When does it premiere? Wednesday, 11 February, at 10pm ET on Pop
What the heck is Pop? It used to be TVGN.
What the heck is TVGN? The TV Guide Network. Remember that channel with the endless scroll of all the shows that were on cable that we needed before you could click “guide” on your remote to see a grid of everything that's on? Apparently that is now a channel called Pop which airs actual shows.
What is this show? The Roses are a rich family who lost all their money after their business manager was convicted of fraud and the IRS took all their assets to pay off their back taxes. The one thing they're left with is a backwater town called Schitt's Creek, which patriarch Johnny Rose bought for their son as a joke. They're forced to live there until they can get back on their feet.
So this is just Green Acres mixed with Arrested Development? Yes, but Canadian.
What's the show's pedigree? This show is an import from the CBC, where it was a bit of a hit and has already been renewed for a second season. Eugene Levy and their son Daniel (the MTV Canada host) created the show and also star in it. Catherine O'Hara, who successfully paired with Levy in many of Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, was enlisted to get the old gang back together.
What happens in the premiere? Johnny Rose (Eugene Levy) and their wife Moira (O'Hara) are kicked out of their mansion by the IRS and have to move into a motel in the town of Schitt's Creek. They bring their dilettante son David (Daniel Levy) and clueless daughter Alexis (Annie Murphy), and everyone is miserable. Though Johnny owns the town, they piss off the mayor, Roland Schitt (Chris Elliott), who makes the family's lives miserable.
Is this show any good? Eugene Levy, a wonderful comedic actor, sadly wore out their welcome in the early aughts playing a bunch of nebbishy good-for-nothings in cinematic gems like Bringing Down the House, Cheaper by the Dozen 2 and everything having to do with American Pie Presents. I'm happy to say that here they are in much finer form, providing a strong, stern control over their family of otherwise outlandish lunatics. Thank god for that, because their bumbling simpleton routine would just be too much to handle.
It's really O'Hara who carries the show, playing an updated version of their vain socialite character from Beetlejuice. Them constant threats of suicide (“I need a bathtub and a very long extension cord”) are as hilarious as they are relentless. Them harried asides are delivered with the sort of timing only a life-long professional could muster – and if they are ad libbed, well, that's just another layer of them genius.
So, yes, it is great fun watching these two, even if the situations they find themselves in are a bit simple and overused. They get more inventive as the family has to learn to settle into the town. The nice, normal people of Schitt's Creek could so easily have been drawn as hillbillies, but they show that the real freaks are these rich interlopers with their silly careers, cellphone charms and dozens of wigs. The deeper into the series we get, the more it finds its rhythm and starts inventing unique scenarios for the Roses to play out in their captivity. By the end of this show's 13 episodes, it should be a nice, fun confection to keep you company on a Saturday afternoon when you remember it's in your DVR.
Which characters will you love? Snarky and snobby son David is fun to watch in their sullen anger, and they are matched only by Stevie (Emily Hampshire), the employee at the motel where they live. They're a great odd couple whose chemistry is as good as Eugene Levy and O'Hara's. However, as I said above, this is O'Hara's show. They have an Emmy-worthy performance in the third episode where they go off the rails after Googling herself.
Which characters will you hate? I have never been a fan of Chris Elliott, and their one-note mayor Ronald doesn't add very much to the proceedings. Though their defense of the town's inadvertently pornographic sign is pretty darn funny.
What's the best thing about it? The characters are despicable but not necessarily unlikeable. While they're all outrageous, they're drawn with enough humanity and nuance that none of them are monsters. Larry David and Ricky Gervais have made careers of writing characters no one would want to be friends with. Thankfully, the Roses and the townsfolk around them never descend into that.
What's the worst thing about it? The fact that the Roses “own” the town is never really explained. What does that get them, exactly, other than two free motel rooms? The particulars of their situation need to be sketched out a bit more firmly. Also, the “rich people hate small-town life” joke is going to get old really quickly. If this show doesn't find new veins of comedy, it's going to be up, well, you know.
Should you watch this show? Yes, if you can find Pop on your dial.
In an art contest where robots are the artists, the future of art and artificially-intelligent computational creativity is on display.
Fourteen teams from seven countries contributed 71 entries to the first RobotArt Competition. Started by artist and mechanical engineer Andrew Conru, the event aims to highlight the technical side of art creation and promote AI, image processing, and robotics.
There are two different categories for robot artists: Fully automated and manually generated. Automated artwork means the entire process is done by a robot, running autonomously without input from the human creators. Artists in the manually generated category are robots operated by humans, with no software controls in place.
“Art is one of the signs of humanity, being able to let technology share in its creation is one step along AI's journey,” Conru said in an email. “Creating physical art is a hard problem for tech—hence the aspirational benefits of the contest. Art communicates by emotional responses; no one needs art training to have an emotional response.”
Artists are competing for shares of $100,000 in prize money funded by the nonprofit software foundation Compute.org to be awarded to the schools or charities of the participants choice. Conru said the contest is set to run for at least five years and give teams a way to leverage their creations each year. The first year, the contest is focusing on the technical aspects of painting, while next year the focus will be more on artistry.
People with a Facebook account can participate in the voting process; the public vote accounts for 40 percent of the overall score.
Some schools have submitted multiple entries, like students from the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. One entry in the fully automated category paints Andy Warhol's Marilyn Monroe painting using eight colors. The painting is done completely without human input.
Other entries include abstract watercolor paintings from Georgia Institute of Technology and a portrait from Isaac Asimov from the e-David (Electronic Drawing Apparatus for Vivid Interactive Display) that turns a welding robot into a portrait painter.
The RobotArt Competition is yet another example of how machine learning and artificial intelligence can impact creative industries. Last year, researchers created an AI system that separates the style and content of images and ascribes the style to other images, so a computer can make any image look like a famous painting. Research and projects like these raise questions as to how humans place value on art when It's created by a computer.
Some of the artists are selling their work—Pindar Van Arman, the artist behind bitPaintr who is participating in the robot art contest, sells their robot-made portraits from a couple hundred dollars to $2,000.
Conru said they expect people to use AI and robotics to create art that's more physically and intellectually more ambitious than what was possible before ubiquitous tech and robotics.
“Sometimes we do value the fact that a human artist, as human, has shared part of their or their thoughts with us,” Conru said. “We can relate to the shared human experience and take pleasure in knowing that the artist wanted to communicate with us. It will take time for people to understand that artistry goes beyond the traditional tools such as robotics and AI. The RobotArt competition goal is a start.”
H/T The Guardian
This is one of those repairs that reveals something… in this case a manufacturing defect.
My WOZ started smoking one night and then stopped working. After examination, we found this..
What apparently happened was a choke/coil on the power supply board overheated and failed, taking out miscellaneous other components with it. This happened around the same time I did a new software update, so I was concerned it might have been triggered by software, but upon further investigation, this was not the case and just a coincidence.
Upon talking with the folks at JJP, they are aware of the problem and it's a defect in the power supply board, using an under-powered choke. Supposedly they fixed this but some games got out with the old choke. It's not a question of “if” it will fry, but “when.” What's worse is, if this goes out, it apparently has a tendency of taking out numerous other boards including the CPU and the display driver board.
You can see the difference in the size of the choke on the newer (left) power supply board verses the older one (on the right).
Unfortunately, for many of us, the game is likely to be out of warranty by the time you find out you have the old board. You should check and see, and contact JJP before it costs you much more. They may replace boards even if they're out of warranty.
This 1959 MGA fixed head coupe has been modified in the style of the works Sebring race cars. The seller notes that it is a street car and not race legal, and also that it is not a concours car, having not been driven in the last three years. It might need some work, but the price seems right and we like the bumperless style with the widened steel wheels. Find it here on eBay in Salt Lake City, Utah for $9500.
The car is shown at a couple of events with a Sebring style MGC coupe in the same color. The only pics offered are of the passenger front corner view, so obviously it would be good to see some interior and engine and chassis pics.
Given the limited photos we thought at first that this might be a fake listing, but the user feedback and general feeling that the seller has given up on the project seem to fit together. Does anyone from SLC recognise the car or the locations in the pics?
Weekly roundup of science fiction and fantasy shows (as well as movies/specials of note) on the Prime-Time TV schedule, also including programs that may be of interest to genre fans. Air dates and times subject to change without notice.
[Updated for Limitless Premiere]
The first official week of the Fall season is upon us and it brings the series/season debuts of seven eight shows: Gotham (FOX), Minority Report (FOX), Scream Queens (FOX), Limitless (CBS), Heroes Reborn (NBC), Guardians of the Galaxy (DXD, it had a preview ep earlier in the month), Once Upon A Time (ABC), and The Last Man on Earth (FOX). And that's just the beginning because over 35 sci fi / fantasy shows will debut in Fall months including those on the streaming services (you can see the full schedule at this link). So if you haven't caught up on those Summer shows on the DVR yet, you might as well hang it up because Fall is upon us and their is quite a lot of sci fi TV viewing ahead of us over the next few months!
Prime Time Sci Fi TV for the Week of Sep 21 – Sep 27:
Monday Sep 21
Gotham (FOX) 8:00-9:00 Season Premiere
Minority Report (FOX) 9:00-10:00 Series Premiere
Tuesday Sep 22
Scream Quens (FOX) 8:00-10:00 2 Hr Series Premiere
From Dusk Till Dawn (El Rey) 9:00-10:00
Limitless (CBS) 10:00-11:00 Series Premiere
Wednesday Sep 23
No Genre Entries
Thursday Sep 24
Heroes Reborn (NBC) 8:00-10:00 2 Hr Series Premiere
Dominion (Syfy) 10:00-11:00
Geeks Who Drink (Syfy) 11:00-11:30
Friday Sep 25
Z Nation (Syfy) 10:00-11:00
Continuum (Syfy) 11:00-12:00
Saturday Sep 26
Doctor Who (BBCA) 9:00-10:00
Guardians of the Galaxy (DXD) 9:30-10:30 Series Premiere
Consider the cheese curl, or the microwavable dinner, or beef jerky. These foods are not just tasty: They are scientifically optimized to be shelf-stable, perfectly consistent in taste from serving to serving, filling, addictive, savory, and cheap. Achieving all those goals requires more than a handful of pantry items—it requires state-of-the art production techniques and a serious helping of laboratory chemicals. So while most of us could identify our favorite homemade dishes from ingredients alone (olives, garlic, capers, linguine … sounds like puttanesca!), we would be hopelessly lost trying to recognize our favorite snacks.
Nevertheless, Slate challenges you to do just that. We give you a list of ingredients; you select the correct grocery-store foodstuff from a lineup. (If you're right, your guess will turn green and you'll be able to move on to the next set of ingredients; otherwise, it will turn red. Keep trying until you get it right.) At the end of the quiz, you can compare your results with those of other Slate readers.
Penny Diane Sackett (born 28 February 1956)[1] is an American-born Australian[2] astronomer and former director of the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics (RSAA) at the Australian National University (ANU). Professor Sackett was the Chief Scientist of Australia from November 2008 until March 2011.[3]
Early life and studies [ edit ]
Born in Lincoln, Nebraska—the daughter of an accountant and a business machine technician— Sackett spent their childhood in Omaha.[4] They were interested in science from a very young age, and their original inclination was towards biology and medicine.[4][5][6] While initially unenthusiastic about physics, Sackett developed a passion for the discipline through being mentored by their high school physics teacher.[4]
Them undergraduate study was at University of Nebraska at Omaha, graduating summa cum laude in 1978.[1] In 1984, they completed their Ph.D. in theoretical physics at the University of Pittsburgh. Them thesis title is Scale Parameters for Finite Temperature Actions of Lattice Gauge Theories Coupled to Fermions.[1]
Scientific career [ edit ]
Sackett worked for a time as a reporter for Science News and in program administration for the National Science Foundation. They have previously held positions at Kapteyn Astronomical Institute and the Institute for Advanced Study.[7]
From 2002, Sackett was the director of the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics (a part of ANU) for five years until standing down to concentrate on mentoring and research.[3] In their role as director, Sackett was responsible for the management of Mount Stromlo Observatory in Canberra and Siding Spring Observatory in Coonabarabran, New South Wales.[7] As director of the Mount Stromlo observatory, they were responsible for its reconstruction after the 2003 Canberra bushfires.[8] The reconstruction work proved difficult due to disagreements with the insurers and was further complicated by the heritage status of the observatory requiring the Australian Heritage Commission to approve all works.[9]
In September 2008, Sackett was appointed the Chief Scientist of Australia; taking over duties in November 2008.[10] Announcing their appointment, the Minister for Innovation, Industry, Science and Research, Senator Kim Carr said Sackett is "an accomplished cross-disciplinary scientist with a record of academic excellence on three continents ... highly respected in the national and international communities of science and technology, both for their research and their proven experience in research management."[5] After commencing their work at the Office of the Chief Scientist, they remained an adjunct professor at the ANU and continue to supervise research students.[11] Sackett was the first full-time Chief Scientist since the role was downgraded to a part-time position in 1996.[4] On 18 February 2011, in a letter to fellow scientists, Sackett announced their intending departure from the post of Chief Scientist, citing professional and personal reasons.[12]
Research and affiliations [ edit ]
While a physicist by training and an astronomer by profession, Sackett considers themselves an educator by inclination and is certified to teach science at primary and secondary school levels.[13] Them research interests include extrasolar planets—Sackett was an innovative user of gravitational microlensing to search for extrasolar planets[13]—dark matter and galactic structure.[7] In 2006, Sackett was one of a team of 73 astronomers from 31 institutions in 12 countries that discovered OGLE-2005-BLG-390Lb, a small, cool planet orbiting a star in the inner Milky Way.[14][15]
Sackett is an Elected International Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society and a board member of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy.[7]  They are a member of the Astronomical Society of Australia, the American Astronomical Society, the International Astronomical Union and the Association for Women in Science.[5]  They are a member of the board of directors of the Giant Magellan Telescope project.[5] In 1995, Sackett and Kailash Sahu founded the Probing Lensing Anomalies Network (PLANET) collaboration.[7] Sackett is one of seven women chosen by the Office of the Status of Women to act as an ambassador to promote science to secondary school students.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Ethereum Frontier launched into the internet on July 30, prompting coverage from publications ranging from Bitcoin Magazine to the front page of the International Business Times.
People who talk about Ethereum tend to speak as if the far-reaching implications the technology may bring are a fait accompli. They also tend to understand life beyond computers to a far greater degree than the bitcoin advocates.
The potential benefits seem to be many, depending on whom you ask: it can lend transparency to financial transactions, it can lower the barrier to entry for innovators, it can cut out middlemen, it can't be controlled by any one entity, and it can do it all in a way that does not bear resemblance to previous models.
“The Ethereum blockchain is an infrastructure for a decentralized web. It's a global computer that is keeping track of what is moving around on the network,” explained Ashley Taylor, who does social innovation for the Williamsburg-based company Consensys. Consensys is a company which aims to build businesses exclusively for the Ethereum platform. It was founded by a cofounder of Ethereum, Joseph Lubin.
How it works
What Ethereum does is take the blockchain infrastructure that makes bitcoin so appealing to so many people, and opens it up to be used as a platform for programs. Like the bitcoin blockchains, the Ethereum blockchains will have unique key codes for each individual transaction that cannot be edited or reversed and are visible to the public. Since the blockchain is not held on any one server or owned by any one corporation or government, it becomes impossible to edit surreptitiously.
Advertisement
“It's impossible to cook the books with the Ethereum blockchain, to put it simply,” explained Greenpoint-based startup founder Dawud Gordon. “Since it's a fully distributed network, you'd have to destroy like every server in the world.”
The industry most interested in the Ethereum blockchain appears to be finance, which is interested in the application of the blockchain as a public ledger.
“What you can do with an immutable public ledger is pretty boundless in the financial sector,” an analyst at a private equity and venture capital financial tech firm explained, on the condition of anonymity (his company is investing in blockchain infrastructures).
“With that much power behind it, you could have contracts that execute themselves, smart contracts they're called,” they continued:
The main sort of power you get with that is that the current structures are so time intensive and require so much internal reconciliation: making sure that Person A's books are in line with Person B's books. With [the blockchain] you have this gigantic ledger that's public. It's like taking this need for departments of people that have their own accounting functions and you can just put that into a shared system that does it irrevocably and perfectly. And it does it really fast. Way faster than humans.
Potential applications
Gordon, who founded TwoSense, explained how a smart contract program on the blockchain could make something like Uber more democratic.
For instance, someone could build a program that allows people to ask for rides and matches them with people that are offering rides. This program would run automatically on the blockchain with no middleman, like Uber, taking a cut of the driver's profits.
Further, they explained, if there was a surge-pricing component to the program, each person who dug into the blockchain would be able to see exactly what the rules were, and would not have to take it on faith that the surge pricing was fairly in line with the supply and demand of cars (which if you've ever seen 2.4x surge pricing and six cars circling a block, you've probably wondered yourself.) Not completely replacing a middleman, the coder of the program would be able to take a cut of each transaction executed on the blockchain, but with such lower barriers to entry, those cuts would probably be competed down to very small amounts.
Such businesses and applications are what Consensys aims to build.
The ether is starting to permeate everything. https://t.co/aUlRhxPVlt — Joseph Lubin (@ethereumJoseph) August 1, 2015
The version of Ethereum which launched last week is a limited one which gives programmers access to the platform, in order to begin creating applications. A full, user-oriented version of the platform is not expected for another six to 12 months.
“Because this is opening up a new paradigm, there will just be an infinite number of ideas that people can experiment with,” Taylor, of Consensys, said. “The barriers to entry are a lot lower. With Ethereum out it makes it easy for an average, everyday programmer to build, and — boom — maybe that becomes something big.”
-30-
QUITO (Reuters) - Ecuador halted environmental cooperation deals with Germany worth some 43 million euros to the Latin American country after German lawmakers tried to visit an Amazon rainforest recently opened for oil production, the foreign minister said on Friday.
President Rafael Correa in 2007 asked wealthy countries to donate $3.6 billion to help protect the environmentally sensitive rainforest known as Yasuni in exchange for promises not to drill for the oil beneath it.
In 2013, they scrapped the plan and authorized drilling after the proposal brought in a fraction of what they had sought.
The group of German legislators earlier this month had attempted to visit the Yasuni to observe oil operations, talk to activists opposing the drilling, and see how German funds were being used. Correa blocked their trip.
“If they think they had the right to doubt the word of Ecuador's government on the issue of Yasuni because they were providing funds, we'll give them their money back with interest,” Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino told reporters.
“Ecuador unilaterally ends all cooperation with Germany on environmental issues.”
The German embassy in Quito did not respond to telephone calls seeking comment.
Germany and Ecuador had signed cooperation deals for 36 million euros ($44 million) to protect the Yasuni and another 7 million euros ($9 million) in other environment projects.
The funds for Yasuni had not yet been disbursed, and the money for the other projects will be returned in coming days, Patino said.
The Yasuni jungle area boasts some of the planet's most diverse wildlife, which Correa has promised would not be harmed by oil production. The first oil production is expected in 2016.
Ecuador in recent years has unilaterally halted a number of international cooperation agreements, particularly with the United States, citing the need to defend its sovereignty.
Other articles in this round table discussion include “Round Table: Re-visiting an Article that Stirred Controversy” by Maurine and Scot Proctor, “Sexuality, Choice, and Kindness” by Nathaniel Givens, “Pro-Choice Sexuality” by Ralph Hancock. This is a delicate subject and each of us represents their or their own point of view.
The other day my grandchildren were arguing. “Juni is a girl,” claimed my six-year-old granddaughter. “No, Juni is a boy,” insisted their four-year-old brother. The argument continued until the four-year-old sought the truth from their mother: was the two-year-old sibling they had been playing with gleefully since infancy a boy or a girl? Mom shattered the little boy's illusions: “Juni is a girl,” they revealed. “Him's a girl????” they queried. “But they have short hair.”
Gender matters very little to children: a playmate is a playmate. Children simply care that their playmate shares toys and refrains from biting. But it is our job as parents to educate our children the best we can. No information can be as harmful as misinformation.
I spoke up about homosexuality because I noticed a phenomenon that was being silenced. I have been watching and listening to the dogma that all gays are “born that way” and that none of them has an alternative. I felt like the little boy in the Emperor's New Clothes. Did everybody believe that all gays are alike, that there is no variation in etiology? That's not what I saw in my practice as a therapist.
I was seeing, with my own eyes, people who admitted that they were not born gay but acknowledged that they just wanted to give homosexuality a try. It seems to be in vogue, an expression of our times.
The political cry which has worked effectively to further the homosexual agenda is that same-sex attracted people are “born that way”. Science has not verified that and the cause of same-sex attraction may never be entirely known, but the suspicion that biology may play a role has been a long time coming. For too long people assumed homosexuality was entirely behavioral. However, in an effort to acknowledge the biological nature of homosexuality, the pendulum has recently swung to the opposite extreme. Logic demands that the truth lies somewhere between these two extremes.
The most recent research has concluded that “only about 2 or 3% of people are truly exclusively homosexually attracted, another 7 or 8% could go either way depending on the cultural narrative or lived opportunities open to them.” It was the 7-8% that I hoped to reach in my article.
Uninformed parents were buying the argument that homosexuality is always biological and there's nothing anybody can do about it, period. People thought the 8% were the 2%. This confused parents into thinking they didn't have to guide, and educate and provide choices for any child who might be considering homosexuality. Nobody was calling out those who did have a choice. I felt like this was unfair to both the 2-3% and the 7-8%. Not all homosexuals are alike, any more than all heterosexuals are alike. There are obviously individual differences in the homosexual community.
Because I Care
I am empathetic toward the homosexuals I have worked with professionally, as well as toward those I am friends with. I am distressed when I hear them lament about the way they have been treated by society. It makes me weep when I hear how parents shamed children for un-deviant, innocuous childhood behavior.
When youth came into my office who were ambivalent, youth who were confused, youth who were considering experimentation, I wanted to protect them from the grief they could experience in their lives should they choose a homosexual lifestyle. I anticipated, not only the persecution they may encounter, but more importantly, I understood fully the blessings they would forego. I have had the same trepidation for heterosexual adolescents who enter into romantic relationships that are destined for heartache, thus my history of writing and speaking to parents about how to keep adolescents out of premature romantic relationships. I want these people for whom I care to find happiness.
I am convinced a loving relationship can bring the most joy of anything on this earth: more satisfying than winning a tournament or a race, more exhilarating than mountain climbing or skydiving, more satisfying than high quality dark chocolate. A loving relationship between husband and wife, parents and children, is the ultimate quest in this life.
The homosexuals I work with often feel “cheated” that they are unable to enjoy the delights of a traditional marriage and they want to replicate it as best as they can, thus the quest to legalize gay marriage, and gay adoption.
Why were kids choosing a homosexual lifestyle when they didn't even have to? Did they know what they were in for? Did they know what they were giving up? Why would people subject themselves to unnecessary heartache? It's not just me who thinks that marriage to someone with whom you can bear children is ideal. People generally adopt after learning they can't have children of their own. They access infertility treatments when natural methods of conception don't work. Few choose adoption before ever considering natural conception, or opt for in-vitro fertilization even though it's entirely possible for them to conceive a child naturally.
I wished those homosexual men who have sobbed on the sofa in my office could have been happy! I wished I could have spared them from unnecessary pain. I have gone to inordinate extremes to protect homosexual clients from the ire of their parents. If somebody could have protected all those who have been hurt, they should have done so!!! If merely refraining from criticism and shame would have spared their feelings, I wish I could turn back time and block all criticism and shame. Additionally, those who were merely experimenting should not have been told they were doomed to a fate over which they had no control. Someone should have offered them hope.
Do I Wish I Hadn't Written the Article?
I wish I hadn't had to write the article. Someone had to. It was not fair to those gays who did have a choice, to those who didn't believe their condition was biological to be lumped in with a cohort to which they didn't belong.
I wish I hadn't been the one to write it. But I can understand why nobody wants to disagree with the gay agenda. There is a systematic campaign to silence anybody that disagrees with them. The words that were used in the letters to describe me cannot even be repeated in polite company. The scathing attacks I experienced were so abusive a judge in a court of law would have slammed their gavel. It has been very painful to be so brutally bullied.
It is ironic to me that these gay individuals complain so loudly about having been bullied for their sexual orientation, and turn around and bully me for caring. I bear no ill will because I am very aware of the tendency for the abused to become the abuser. It makes them feel powerful after having felt so powerless. But it's wicked. No human being should be treated with such disdain or contempt. They shouldn't have been treated like that by society, and they should not be treating me the same way.
But if anybody was to stand up and correct the politically correct, it might as well have been me. This is not the first time I have dared expose the naked emperor. When Facebook first came out I had the audacity to pose questions about potential abuses. I received scathing responses from those who thought Facebook was the best thing to happen to humanity since the invention of fire. Of course a few years later everybody validated my concerns and my ideas were not revolutionary in the least.
My entire career I have questioned the merit of the mom-and-apple-pie rite of passage known as “high school romance.” I have relentlessly worked to help adolescents keep their relationships at the friendship level until they are in a position to actually do something with their loving relationships. While many have caught on and embraced the wisdom of these teachings, even my best friend once accused me of being too extreme.
What I Wish I Would Have Done Differently
In the controversial article I differentiated several times between those who see themselves as born gay from those who have a choice (who are experimenting). But I wish I had focused the article exclusively on those who are experimenting. I addressed the dilemma of the 2-3%, reiterating the church's stance on abstinence, trials, overcoming the natural man, etc. But that is a discussion to be reserved for ecclesiastical leaders. My area of expertise is the 7-8%, those who are being influenced by a society where anything goes.
My second error was briefly mentioning a few of the techniques we use to shape behavior in general (whether we want our children to stop belching at the dinner table, or to complete their chores before they go out to play). We may model the behavior we want the child to emulate, or we may invite them to visualize the appropriate behavior. But modeling and visualizing are techniques reserved exclusively for the 7-8%, not intended for the 2-3%. Additionally, these techniques just scratch the surface of what it takes to help a child resist the lures of a world who extols an “anything goes” environment. Neither should be perceived as a panacea.
My hope is that my only role in the unnecessary conflict between heterosexuals and homosexuals has been to expose the unclad emperor. I hope others will now have the courage to chime in and get that man some clothes.
Delegates from 191 countries and the European Union opened UN-sponsored talks Monday in Durban, South Africa, amid deeply divisive questions over when and how to replace the 1997 Kyoto Protocol with an agreement that is legally binding on all major greenhouse-gas emitters, not just developed countries.
The talks are taking place against a backdrop of grim news concerning Earth's climate, including rising concentrations of heat-trapping carbon dioxide gases and a recent report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) that highlights the increased risks emerging from extreme-weather events.
Adding to pressure on the Durban delegates, a recent analysis from the UN Environment Program found that pledges some 80 countries made over the past two years to reduce emissions or slow emissions' growth rates fall far short of what's needed by 2020 to put the world on a path to holding the increase in global average temperatures to 2 degrees Celsius by the end of the century.
Veterans note that when the talks open, delegations tend to lay out their toughest bargaining positions. But after modest progress on several issues at last year's talks in Cancun, Mexico, positions that parties – particularly the US – are staking out heading into the next two weeks paint a picture that's "pretty discouraging," says Alden Meyer, director of strategy and policy for the Union of Concerned Scientists.
For countries that have ratified the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, the key issue to be resolved is whether or not to adopt a second five-year enforcement period. The current period expires at the end of next year. Japan, Russia, and Canada have formally stated they will not accept new emission-reduction targets. The US withdrew from the Kyoto process in 2001.
The European Union's delegation has said it is willing to commit to a second enforcement period, but only if countries not part of the agreement put together a road map at Durban that leads to a legally binding agreement in 2015 covering all major emitters, including China, India, and the US. The EU's aim is to have the new pact ultimately replace the Kyoto Protocol and take force in 2020, when the voluntary commitments countries formally adopted in Cancun expire.
Small-island nations threatened by sea-level rise and least-developed countries also back the EU's approach, says Mr. Meyer.
Yet the US appears reluctant to support a road map toward a legally binding, post-2020 pact without knowing more about what it's likely to contain – provisions that presumably could be informed by the next set of periodic IPCC reports on climate change, due out in 2014.
"Our thinking is that putting the form of the action before the substance doesn't make a great deal of sense," said the lead US negotiator, Jonathan Pershing, at a briefing Monday in Durban.
In the end, the US has expressed a willingness to negotiate a legally binding treaty, but with preconditions that are nonstarters with developing countries, Meyer adds.
Among them: Some mechanisms for bumping developing countries into developed status as their economies progress, which would then require them to take on legally-binding commitments; and ensuring that when such commitments are made, they don't hinge on receiving aid either for adaptation to climate change or to buy the technology they would need to meet those commitments.
Such a quid-pro-quo was part of the agreement that came out of climate talks in Bali in 2007, Meyer explains.
Asked about the challenges facing negotiators over the next two weeks, the meeting's president Maite Nkoana-Mashabane, South Africa's minister of international relations and cooperation, acknowledged Monday that "we're under no illusion that this is an easy process.”
Florida will play No. 9 seed Oklahoma State in the NCAA Quarterfinals on Sunday, May 21 at 4 p.m.
The Cowgirls defeated No. 8-seed Georgia Tech, 4-3, in their round of 16 match Friday.
The Gators played and defeated Oklahoma State this season in Gainesville (4-2) to improve to 9-0 all-time against the Cowgirls. Florida is 3-0 all-time versus OSU in NCAA match-ups.
The Gators won the doubles point for the 26th time this season.
The 11th-ranked pair of Anna Danilina and Ingrid Neel provided the first decision of the dual match, winning 6-2 against seventh-ranked Rachel Pierson and Rutuja Bhosale in 30 minutes.
and provided the first decision of the dual match, winning 6-2 against seventh-ranked Rachel Pierson and Rutuja Bhosale in 30 minutes. Texas A&M the halted the six-match win streak of UF's Brooke Austin and Kourtney Keegan , 6-3, on court two.
and , 6-3, on court two. That set the stage for the deciding match on court three, where the Gator tandem of Josie Kuhlman and Belinda Woolcock were battling Stefania Kristov and Saska Gavrilovaska. TAMU jumped out to an early break for a 3-1 lead before the Gators got the break back in the sixth game and Woolcock held for 4-3. The rest of the match was on-serve – with the Gators having two match-points at 6-5 – and headed into a tiebreak, where after the first two serves were holds and the Gators took control of the remaining points to win it 7-6 (1).
and were battling Stefania Kristov and Saska Gavrilovaska. TAMU jumped out to an early break for a 3-1 lead before the Gators got the break back in the sixth game and Woolcock held for 4-3. The rest of the match was on-serve – with the Gators having two match-points at 6-5 – and headed into a tiebreak, where after the first two serves were holds and the Gators took control of the remaining points to win it 7-6 (1). The win by Kuhlman and Woolcock improved their dual match record to 22-3 overall and 21-3 at the No. 3 position. Their win total at the three spot tied the program record for wins in a season at that position.
The Gators have won five of their last seven matches.
The Gators have won the doubles point in 26 of 29 matches.
UF improved to 25-1 when winning the doubles point this year. The only loss was in the 4-3 SEC Tournament Final loss at No. 2 Vanderbilt.
Two of the Gator's three losses have been against Vanderbilt, which was awarded the NCAA No. 4 seed.
This was Florida's 34th appearance in the Sweet 16.
Florida made its 13th consecutive appearance in the round of 16 – the second-longest active streak in the country.
The Gators sport a 30-4 all-time record in NCAA Round of 16 matches.
UF's last loss in the round of 16 was last season, when the Gators fell 4-3 to eventual champion Stanford.
The Gators improve to 6-2 all-time against the Aggies.
Friday's match was the first NCAA meeting between the two programs.
The series began in 2013, when Texas A&M joined the SEC.
Last Meeting : UF defeated TAMU, 4-0, in a rain-delayed match, 4-0, in College Station, Texas on March 6, 2017.
: UF defeated TAMU, 4-0, in a rain-delayed match, 4-0, in College Station, Texas on March 6, 2017. Last Loss: UF's last loss in the series was a 4-3 setback in the 2014 SEC Tournament. Since that loss, Florida has won the last four meetings.
On today's match…
"It was tough, a lot tougher than the 4-0 score, that is for sure. First of all doubles, we did a really good job at three doubles, playing our best tennis at the tiebreaker. We had great courage. Of the seven points we won in the tiebreaker and poached four and that's all you can ask as a coach. We had courage and we went for it. I think that is how you win big meets. In singles we had to turn a couple of huge deficits in first sets around and I think that is the dagger that really hurt Texas A&M. You can see some of their energy sort of went away in the second sets. We were able to turn (courts) three and five around after huge deficits. Overall I am really proud, we fought hard with great energy and actually played pretty well too against a very gritty and much improved Texas A&M team."
WATCH COACH THORNQVIST'S COMPLETE PRESSER
On the clinching doubles-point win – with the match at 4-all ...
"We did an amazing job of returning today, especially under the pressure. We had a few times where we had opportunities to come in and take the match, but didn't. We served really great at 4-all. We did an amazing job of keeping our cool today and problem-solved well. Josie (Kuhlman) and I really stuck well together today. We had great energy and didn't give up. In the end, it was about being aggressive that allowed us to win. That's what got us over the line today."
WATCH WOOLCOCK'S COMPLETE PRESSER
On today's match...
"It is a great feeling advancing to the quarterfinals, being from Georgia I have a little bit of a home crowd cheering for me. It is a great opportunity and I am just playing to play my best, as it is the last tournament of my career."
WATCH KEEGAN'S COMPLETE PRESSER
On today's match...
"I was very pleased with how we approached the match. We went into this really thinking we could win this, and all credit to Florida. The doubles could have gone either way. All year we've had so many doubles points that have gone down to tiebreakers, and those are the kind that can go either way; they're 50/50, and it went their way tonight."
Senior Kourtney Keegan is from Roswell, Ga., located approximately 75 miles from Athens.
The Gators sport an all-time NCAA record of 110-28, including a 19-0 record in the round of 64, an 18-1 mark in the round of 32 and a 30-4 record in the round of 16.
UF has been selected to host first and second round matches every year since the NCAA Women's Championships expanded its field to 64 teams in 1999.
The Gators have participated in 35 of the 36 NCAA Championships, missing only the 1986 event.
The Gators won six NCAA team titles: 1992, 1996, 1998, 2003, 2011 and 2012.
UF has advanced to at least the NCAA semifinals 24 times in the last 30 years.
Anna Danilina has won 11 straight singles matches – the longest active streak by a Gator
has won 11 straight singles matches – the longest active streak by a Gator Danilina has won a team-leading 32 singles matches
The doubles team of Josie Kuhlman and Belinda Woolcock sport a 21-3 dual match record at the No. 3 position (22-3 at all positions), which is now tied for the most in a season by a Gator pair at the three spot in program history. Three other tandems have won 21 times on court three.
Kourtney Keegan has won 113 career doubles matches, a total that ranks No. 6 all-time in UF history.
has won 113 career doubles matches, a total that ranks No. 6 all-time in UF history. Belinda Woolcock has won 106 career singles matches – one of 29 Gators who have eclipsed the century mark for singles victories and the only current Gator.
has won 106 career singles matches – one of 29 Gators who have eclipsed the century mark for singles victories and the only current Gator. Keegan has won 96 career singles matches
Junior Josie Kuhlman has won 90 career singles matches
ATHENS, Ga. – Top-seeded Florida earned a deceiving 4-0 win against 20th-ranked Texas A&M in the NCAA Championships round of 16 at the Dan Magill Tennis Complex in Athens, Ga., on Friday evening.The Gators won a thrilling doubles point that came down to a tiebreak in the third and final match on court. Florida'sandcame through with the 7-6 (1) victory and the Gators took the early team lead.The Aggies weren't deterred when they returned to the court for singles action, jumping out quickly on several courts including a 5-1 lead at the No. 3 spot and a 4-1 advantage at No. 5. UF'sandrallied on both of their respective courts and won the first set, as the Gators felt the huge momentum shift.Juniorjumped out to a 4-1 lead on court four against Saska Gavrilovska and became the first to complete their singles match, 6-3, 6-0, to give Florida a 2-0 lead. The win was Danilina's 11th consecutive, as well as their team-leading 32nd of the season.Florida won the first set quickly on court one, where sixth-ranked Woolcock was facing No. 16 Rachel Pierson. The Gator senior won the first nine games before Pierson finally held serve to avoid the double-bagel, as Woolcock posted a 6-0, 6-4 decision and the Gators took a 3-0 advantage in the team scoring.Seniorand Macarena Olivares were matching each other serve for serve in the first set, with Keegan getting the first break of the match in the eighth game before they held to take the first frame. They continued that run by taking a 2-0 lead in the second. Olivares held, however, that was the last game they would win, as Keegan polished off UF's NCAA round of 16 victory with a 6-3, 6-1 decision.[1] Florida d. Texas A&M, 4-0[9] Oklahoma State d. [8] Georgia Tech, 4-3[12] Pepperdine d. [5] Georgia, 4-3[4] Vanderbilt d. [13] California, 4-1[3] Ohio State d. [14] South Carolina, 4-1[6] Texas Tech d. [11] Auburn, 4-2[7] Stanford d. [10] Michigan, 4-1[2] North Carolina d. [15] Duke, 4-0No. 1 Florida vs. No. 20 Texas A&MDan Magill Tennis Complex in Athens, Ga.Friday, May 19, 2017: Florida 4, Texas A&M 0(Order of Finish: 1, 2, 3*)1. #11(FLORIDA) def. #7 Rachel Pierson/Rutuja Bhosale (TEXAS A&M), 6-22. Eva Paalma/ Domencia Gonzalez (TEXAS A&M) def. #20(FLORIDA), 6-33. #45/Belina Woolcock (FLORIDA) def. Stefania Kristov/Saska Gavrilovska (TEXAS A&M), 7-6 (1)*(Order of Finish: 4, 1, 6*)1. #6(FLORIDA) def. #16 Rachel Pierson (TEXAS A&M), 6-0, 6-42. #53 Rutuja Bhosale (TEXAS A&M) vs. #23(FLORIDA), 7-6 (3), 2-1, DNF3. #31(FLORIDA) vs. Domencia Gonzalez (TEXAS A&M), 7-5, 1-6, DNF4. #44(FLORIDA) def. Saska Gavrilovska (TEXAS A&M), 6-3, 6-05.(FLORIDA) vs. Eva Paalma (TEXAS A&M), 7-5, 2-4, DNF6. #59(FLORIDA) def. Macarena Olivares (TEXAS A&M), 6-3, 6-1*: Florida 26-3; Texas A&M 18-13: Florida 1; Texas A&M 17-31
This article is over 3 years old
• Amelia joins on short-term deal after injury to Thibaut Courtois • Italian has not played since being released by Milan in 2014
The former Milan and Italy goalkeeper Marco Amelia has joined Chelsea, the struggling Premier League Champions have confirmed.
The move to sign the 33-year-old on a free transfer follows a knee injury suffered by Thibaut Courtois which has ruled the first-choice goalkeeper out until December and left the squad with only one experienced understudy in Asmir Begovic.
“Chelsea football club is delighted to announce the signing of Marco Amelia,” said the club in a statement. “The goalkeeper arrives on a free transfer to provide highly-experienced cover following the injury to Thibaut Courtois last month, and has signed a contract until the end of the season.”
Earlier on Thursday, Amelia's agent, Federico Pastorello, appeared to confirm the move on Instagram. “Dinner with #marcoamelia to celebrate the contract with Chelsea FC!!! Good luck!!” Pastorello said in a post.
Federico Pastorello (@fedepastorello) Dinner with #marcoamelia to celebrate the contract with @chelseafc !!! Good luck !! 🇮🇹🇬🇧 @ London,… https://t.co/ySWwCUjCgs
Amelia was released by Milan in the summer of 2014 and the Italian had a short-term deal with the Serie B side Perugia at the end of last season but never made a first-team appearance.
Chelsea, thrashed 3-1 at home by Southampton last weekend, sit in 16th place in the Premier League with only eight points from their opening eight matches – 10 behind the leaders Manchester City.
“Dart Guy” is the only hockey champion Toronto needs
“Dart Guy” is the only hockey champion Toronto needs
The Maple Leafs won Saturday night's playoff game against the Washington Capitals, but the evening's real success story was Jason Maslakow, a Waterloo-based fan who travelled to Washington, D.C. for the game, donned a jersey and full face paint, dyed their beard blue, and shaved an outline of the Stanley Cup onto their scalp. The ridiculous getup may not have been enough, in itself, to rocket Maslakow to internet fame—but, as luck would have it, when the camera panned over to them during the game broadcast, they happened to have an unlit cigarette dangling from their lip. Within minutes, they had a new name, “Dart Guy,” and a Twitter meme was born.
Dart Guy is now an unofficial playoff mascot, of sorts. He'll even be attending Game 3 as a guest of the team. Here's what people were saying about him:
Some fans immediately seized on Dart Guy's passing resemblance to a certain former Toronto mayor. (We don't see it, though.)
Fitting how it's Easter and the Leafs Dart Guy looks like Rob Ford risen from the dead. pic.twitter.com/9TFpNfsBx6 — zack (@zacklemore92) April 17, 2017
Others raced to be the first to photoshop their face onto the $5 bill. The colours work:
The new Canada 150 five dollar bill is lit pic.twitter.com/iWSygYXM88 — Matty Go Sens (@Gerv_Rebrand) April 16, 2017
Truly, Dart Guy was an Easter miracle:
@ATFulemin EXCUSE ME SIR HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE GOOD WORK FROM OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR DART GUY pic.twitter.com/TeTmOL3nhm — x – Brian Stewart (@brigstew86) April 16, 2017
Still not as bad as the Ted Rogers statue at Rogers Centre:
It's not totally clear whether Dart Guy should be offended to be associated with Mel Gibson, or vice versa:
Did MLSE miss a marketing opportunity here?
All I'm saying is, if the @MapleLeafs don't have a Dart Guy snap chat filter tonight, somebody messed up — Marc Pannia (@MarcPannia) April 17, 2017
Just think of the merchandising possibilities. Free cigarettes for all the kids!
They should hand out Dart Guy bobbleheads to the first 2000 fans at the ACC tomorrow night. — Ryan (@daftpuck) April 17, 2017
Of course, it was only a matter of hours before the Dart Guy backlash began:
This dart guy thing is lame. Calling it a dart is also lame. They should call them fat cancer stick slob. — TORHABSFAN- 14 TO GO (@TORHABSFAN) April 17, 2017
Some began to wonder if Dart Guy's festive face paint conceals any dark secrets:
Has anyone found neo nazi tweets by the dart guy yet — von hayes (@freehugs4franky) April 16, 2017
Probably not, though:
This whole Dart Guy thing is undoubtedly gonna end in a "We regret to inform you Milkshake Duck is racist" scenario — prodigal failson (@itwasthreezero) April 16, 2017
So much attention was paid to Dart Guy's face that it's easy to lose sight of the fact that their mohawk is shaped like the Stanley Cup:
@felixpotvin you know this is on the top of my man's head right pic.twitter.com/fJJHzr1Axe — Dan Steinberg (@dcsportsbog) April 16, 2017
A parting thought:
Uber and Lyft have pulled out of Austin, Texas after voters rejected Proposition 1, the legislation that the ridesharing companies financially supported to the tune of $9 million. There are many regulatory features to bill, but the main sticking point was that Austin voters wanted a background check system that required fingerprints, which Uber and Lyft reject. The companies already require background checks for drivers, but resist the idea of using fingerprint verification. Uber claims the fingerprinting processes are unreliable and perhaps discriminatory; a more convincing take is that it gives their drivers another flag to wave while arguing that they are employees rather than “independent contractors.” However, the background check system isn't really the broken part of the industry—it's the relationship between capital and labor. The format of background checks is irrelevant, and as automobile manufacturers and ridesharing giants alike race to deploy and utilize autonomous vehicles, so too will the distinction between independent contractor and employee become irrelevant. The most important fight in this industry, far beyond Austin, is about equity and co-ownership of these businesses for the drivers.
Currently, companies like Uber and Lyft operate in a libertarian paradise, thriving on rolled back or manipulated regulations with few obligations toward the people that work for them. Industry giant Uber is valued at a grossly inflated $62.5 billion, and due to their labelling drivers as “independent contractors” they are under no legal obligation to ensure their wages at any level or provide health insurance, worker's compensation, sick leave, paid vacation, or overtime pay. It's true that Uber does guarantee income levels ($30-40 per hour for certain times in certain cities), but this doesn't include the amount taken out for Uber's 20-25% cut or state taxes. Factor in fuel, car insurance, and maintenance costs for the vehicle—which ridesharing apps don't subsidize—and the net take home drops further. Perhaps more problematic is the fact that these companies can cut fare rates and raise their share without any input from their workers. When these workers protest, the response they receive is that reduced rates will result more fares—i.e., drivers should work longer hours to recoup the losses imposed upon them.
The plight of drivers is already viewed as a potential crack in Uber's domination of the industry. Juno is a new ridesharing startup that aims to recognize their drivers as employees, provided they drive exclusively for them. They're also pledging to take a smaller cut of fares. In exchange, drivers will be recognized as employees, and after two years of work they'll get equity in the company.
Meanwhile the 10,000 drivers that Uber and Lyft say they'd signed up in Austin since 2014 seemed to be less than an afterthought when the companies decided to vacate the city. To be clear these “independent contractors” will receive no unemployment benefits—they've simply been abandoned. Other opportunists have descended on Austin to fill the ridesharing void, but these are essentially smaller Uber-clones with more to gain than lose in continuing operations in the city.
Rather than buying into a new ridesharing company that's based on the same operational premise as those that abandoned them, drivers should consider the ground gained in other industries based on worker ownership. Worker-owned cooperatives have been gaining ground recently; two high-profile cases being New Belgium Brewing and Chobani who have granted their employees either complete or partial control (respectively) of their companies via employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs).
There are other initiatives in the sharing economy looking to incorporate worker ownership into their enterprises. Beyond Care and Si Se Puede! Women's Cooperative are both New York based, worker-owned enterprises specializing in child care and household cleaning that will be featured under an app called Coopify. This platform was designed by Cornell students looking to “leverage the sharing economy to benefit low income workers.” Austin is neither short on socially conscious tech entrepreneurs nor drivers looking for more reliable and equitable opportunities, and there remains a market still willing to pay for the service.
But it's not difficult to see where the wind is blowing: Uber is now testing autonomous vehicles in Pittsburgh and GM has a $500 million investment in Lyft's autonomous rideshare component. The priority here is not for ridesharing giants to recognize their independent contractors as employees, but rather that drivers should recognize themselves as owners. This would be a natural antidote to any perceived threats to automation (and labor displacement more generally). While Austin has been criticized for being backward and regressive over the Prop 1 fight, it now has the opportunity to leap forward. Drivers in Denver, Colorado are pursuing a similar plan that would facilitate the loans for drivers to buy-in to the ESOP, enable a suitable public-private partnership to invest in the worker ownership, or at the very least work to ease regulations for such a locally-based, worker-owned enterprise to develop. The absence of ridesharing giants Uber and Lyft only further enables the city of Austin to lead this industry toward a more sustainable future.
Credit where credit is due: the ridesharing app titans' innovative business model has met a social want better than the traditional taxi service at reduced cost, but the model nonetheless fails its workers. As it stands now with drivers far removed from decisions made by executives, the burgeoning gig economy represents a market fated to a race to the bottom. Why take only 25% from drivers when you could automate that workforce and take the whole pie? Building a profit sharing structure would not only incentivize workers' performance, but could also set an example of a tech-enabled industry that lives up to the promise of a decentralized, more democratic future—one that is insulated from the coming wave of automation that could benefit only the elite while abandoning workers. In other words: Austin all over again.
By now, the sprawling solar panel factory in South Buffalo was supposed to be buzzing with activity.
If everything had gone according to the original plan, hundreds of factory workers would be working at the Tesla Inc. factory.
Instead, on a recent weekday afternoon, only about 50 vehicles were in the factory's parking lot, which has spaces for 500, and just a couple of workers wearing safety vests walked in and out of a factory that is about the size of a dozen Home Depot stores.
Backed by $750 million in taxpayer money, the nearly $1 billion factory is the centerpiece of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's Buffalo A Billion economic development initiative and meant to be a beacon of hope for an economically depressed city.
So here's the $750 million question: When will SolarCity deliver on its promise?
The answer is tied to repeated delays that are not unusual for a project that has involved three different owners, vastly expanded in scope and introduced a major new product to the mix. And Elon Musk, Tesla's chief executive officer, has a long history of backing ambitious projects with equally ambitious timetables that often prove to be far too optimistic.
There are signs that the factory is getting closer to opening, although not on anything close to the accelerated timetable state and company executives first outlined. Some equipment is being installed in Buffalo. Experienced solar manufacturer Panasonic has been brought in to make solar cells at the facility. And Tesla is starting to test production of its solar roof tiles at its pilot factory in California – a key step before production shifts to Buffalo.
The delays so far largely stem from ownership changes, SolarCity's deteriorating finances and shifts in the technology the plant will use and the products that the factory will make. With those issues now largely settled under Tesla's ownership, the plant appears to be on track to open sometime this year, first making conventional solar panels and then the new solar roofing tiles that Tesla introduced last fall.
Tesla's target is to have the factory reach full production sometime during 2019, three years later than the original schedule.
Tesla advertises jobs
Tesla has promised to hire 500 people to work in the factory within two years of its completion and create a total of 1,460 jobs in Buffalo within five years. But the clock does not start ticking on those deadlines until all of the manufacturing equipment has been acquired and delivered to the factory – a condition that has not yet been met.
Howard Zemsky, the Buffalo developer who heads Empire State Development, said they remain confident that the solar panel factory still will create all of the jobs that Tesla has promised.
"There have been some bumps along the road, as you would imagine in a dynamic industry with three owners," Zemsky said.
"It's irrefutable that the company is on a substantially better launch pad than any of us could have possibly imagined at any point in the last three years," Zemsky said. "Does having three owners in three years slow things down? Of course. Is it in the best possible position to succeed going forward? I think, absolutely."
Tesla officials say hiring has started – the company outlines 19 different types of job openings on its website and its partner, Panasonic, lists 30. But Tesla executives also decline to say how many workers have been hired or provide details on their timetable for building up the factory's workforce.
Officials at local job training sites that have worked with Tesla and its predecessor, SolarCity, say they have heard of only a smattering of factory workers being hired.
Plans for factory revised
Tesla, which leases the factory from the state, hasn't given a public tour of the South Buffalo facility since last fall. It turned down a request from The Buffalo News to see inside.
While Tesla officials have been reluctant to discuss specifics about its Buffalo factory, they say the company is making progress in bringing the factory online. Equipment is being installed and more deliveries are expected in the coming weeks.
They note that plans for the factory have been revised since Tesla introduced a new solar roofing tile product last October that is expected to account for a major portion of the plant's production.
Tesla also struck a deal with Panasonic last December to produce solar cells at the Buffalo plant and bring in an investment valued at more than $250 million.
The company said it is finalizing the floor plan for the Buffalo factory as it prepares to start making the solar roof tiles on a test basis this month at its much smaller pilot facility in Fremont, Calif. Company officials said Tesla is ordering the final pieces of equipment for the South Park Avenue factory and "actively recruiting" local employees in Buffalo.
Initial production at the Buffalo plant this summer will involve conventional, high-efficiency solar panels produced by Panasonic. Production of the solar roofing tiles is expected to shift to Buffalo shortly after the completion of successful pilot production at Tesla's California plant, Tesla officials said, without being more specific.
A year from now, Zemsky said they expect the plant to have more than 250 workers in place – halfway to its goal of having 500 factory workers – and be ramping up production and hiring rapidly.
"It has all of the ingredients for great success," Zemsky said. "When that cake comes out of the oven – whether it's in the second quarter or the fourth quarter or mid-2018, I don't know – all of the ingredients are there for tremendous success. That's what I believe."
Musk known for delays
Musk, Tesla's CEO, wants to turn the company into a renewable energy powerhouse that combines its electric vehicles with solar energy and batteries to both power its vehicles and store electricity from its solar panels. The Buffalo plant is a key part of that vision, with an ambitious plan to pump out 10,000 panels daily from what will be the largest solar manufacturing plant in the Western Hemisphere.
But analysts note that Musk has a long history of tackling ambitious projects with even more ambitious timelines that often are delayed repeatedly. Tesla's Roadster electric vehicle, for example, launched nine months later than expected, while its Model S was delayed more than six months and its Model X was more than 18 months behind schedule.
Tesla has "a soft track record" in meeting its vehicle delivery targets, said Barclay's analyst Brian Johnson in a note to investors earlier this year.
"If you look back on this project five years from now, eight years from now, I think we'll say something like, I don't know why we were wringing our hands over which quarter of the year it was," Zemsky said.
Plans have changed
A lot has changed since Cuomo first announced a deal to build a solar panel factory for fledgling manufacturer Silevo in 2013.
Since then, Silevo was acquired in 2014 by SolarCity, which quickly said it would increase the scope of the South Park Avenue factory five-fold, with plans to expand the Buffalo plant's capacity so that it could produce enough panels to generate 1,000 megawatts of electricity a year.
Then SolarCity, which had built a dominant market share as the nation's largest installer of residential rooftop solar, saw its market slow. While company officials initially expected to install about 1,200 megawatts of generating capacity in 2016 – which would have been enough to easily absorb the expected production of the Buffalo factory – it instead installed less than 900 megawatts.
The company, which relied heavily on money it raised from investors to support leases that allowed homeowners to install solar panels with no money down, then saw its borrowing costs rise and concerns increase that its ever-growing appetite for new capital was becoming more than the market would bear. SolarCity's losses also swelled, totaling more than $1.5 billion in 2015 and 2016 combined.
As SolarCity's financial health weakened, Musk stepped in, with Tesla buying SolarCity in November.
Tesla makes its mark
Under Tesla's ownership, SolarCity's business has undergone further changes. The company has scaled back marketing, shifted its sales strategy and cut more than 3,000, or 20 percent, of its jobs.
And it moved to stand out from its competitors by developing a line of solar roofing tiles.
Tesla started taking orders for the solar roof last month, requiring a $1,000 deposit from customers. Without providing specifics, Tesla officials said demand for the solar roof has been strong, giving the company a "very large" backlog of orders for the tiles, which will account for a big part of the Buffalo plant's production
Tesla also brought in Panasonic – an experienced solar manufacturer with its own high efficiency solar panel technology – as a partner at the Buffalo factory to make the solar cells that will go into the panels and roofing tiles the factory will produce. Tesla now says the panels produced at the Buffalo plant will be a hybrid product that combines elements of the high-efficiency technology from both Silevo and Panasonic.
As part of that deal, Panasonic is investing $256 million in the Buffalo factory, further easing Tesla's financing demands as it gears up for production to begin.
Building costs increase
As plans for the solar panel factory have changed, so has the agreement between the company and the state.
The original deal between SolarCity and the state has been amended 10 times since 2014, partly to reflect the increase in the scope of the project.
The changes also reflect a shift in how the money invested in the factory by the state has changed. With the total cost of building and equipping the SolarCity plant now estimated at more than $950 million – with the state picking up $750 million of that expense – more of the state funding has been allocated to pay for the construction of the building, while less was devoted to the purchase of equipment.
In turn, the amendments shifted more of the state's money toward construction costs, which have run about $125 million over budget, according to state documents reviewed by The Buffalo News.
The changes are not insignificant. Part of the original deal, touted by state officials, was that the agreement protected taxpayers against Silevo – and later SolarCity and now Tesla – failing to live up to their end of the bargain. That's because the state would own both the building and much of the equipment inside it.
By shifting more of the state funding toward the building, the contract amendments have reduced the amount of state money being used to purchase equipment and increased Tesla's obligation to purchase machinery. Tesla – not the state – will own any of the equipment purchased with the electric vehicle maker's funds.
The state, which originally committed to spending $400 million on equipment, now is obligated to buy $275 million of the factory's machinery. Tesla's commitment increased to $125 million, more than double its original obligation.
The News requested from several agencies information about state payments related to work or equipment purchases at SolarCity. The governor's budget office supplied six months' worth of requested documents. None of the reports, each running one or two pages, provide many details about what the money spent on other than such things as “construction activities” or “manufacturing equipment.''
As construction of the factory wrapped up, payments have turned to a trickle since March compared with some of the biggest-spending periods over the past couple years. Those state payments do show money has been spent with companies, including Burkle North America, Applied Materials and Singulus, that supply equipment used to make solar products.
Few details on hiring
SolarCity has done some hiring outreach. Last fall, it contacted Erie Community College to hire students trained in building management and maintenance, such as heating, ventilation and air conditioning backgrounds, said Mark Hoeber, the academic dean of technology programs and the point person between the college and SolarCity.
“They were asking us for students,'' Hoeber said.
Hoeber, who has met with SolarCity personnel executives, said the company has hired some students. To date, they said, the company's hiring outreach to ECC has been for non-manufacturing jobs at the plant and not for the kinds of positions the company will need once it begins operations.
In late 2015, SolarCity turned to several churches, community centers and other places to help it recruit future workers for the factory. The city's Buffalo Employment & Training Center held two job fairs by the company in December 2015. The company held additional job sessions late last year.
Demone Smith, who heads the training center, recalled that SolarCity a couple years ago sent word it was looking to hire people with advanced manufacturing skills.
“The hiring deadline kept being pushed back and back and back,'' Smith said. The delays became long enough, Smith said, that those who might have been interested in joining SolarCity could wait no longer and took other jobs.
Still, Smith said, SolarCity has hired some people – they did not have a precise number – from the training center. The state Labor Department has taken over some of the local recruitment effort for SolarCity that had previously been done by local agencies.
Smith said they speak regularly with a SolarCity executive who is a point person for contacts by various government officials and private groups. Smith said they believe SolarCity's purchase by Tesla and the Panasonic manufacturing arrangement has contributed to delays in opening the factory.
News Reporter Justin Trombly contributed to this story.
Donald Trump Jr., you may have just incriminated yourself by posting emails that proved your intent to collude with Russia on Twitter—what are you going to do now? “I'm going on Hannity,” the first son thought to themselves on Tuesday afternoon.
Inexplicably, Trump Jr. decided to continue their pattern of making things worse for themselves and their father by sitting down Tuesday night for an exclusive interview with their family's most ardent Fox News booster, Sean Hannity, who did their absolute best to trick their viewers into thinking the entire story was a liberal media invention while at the same time vowing to ask their guest “every single question I can think of on this topic.”
Like their father, Trump Jr. is not prone to apologizing, but they did admit to Hannity that “in retrospect” they “probably would have done things a little differently” when it came to setting up a meeting with a Kremlin-linked lawyer who promised them damaging information about Hillary Clinton last June. Apparently, that is at least in part because they did not realize at the time that the campaign's apparent attempts to collude with Russia would be such a big deal.
Asked if the part of Rob Goldstone's email that referenced “Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump” set off any “sirens” in their head, Trump Jr. shrugged and said, “Honestly, I don't know,” without addressing the inherent concerns within the question. Hannity declined to push them any further. Some national-security lawyers have told The Daily Beast that Trump Jr.'s apparent ignorance of U.S. campaign laws could be a defense against prosecution.
The email exchange occurred “pre-Russia mania,” Trump Jr. said, before anyone was “trying to build up that narrative” about their father's campaign's connections to Russia. That's why, they explained, the idea of Russia wanting to support Trump did not raise any red flags for him.
Rather than try to coax a more logical, truthful story out of their guest, Hannity did everything in their power to defend them during the interview. After all, before Trump Jr. publicly disclosed the emails that led to the meeting, Hannity was claiming on their show the night before that the whole thing “could have been a setup made to give the appearance of Russian collusion” on the part of a consulting group “connected to Democrats.” Now that that talking point seemed to be moot, they were forced to find a new tack, trying to argue that Hillary Clinton was guilty of the same thing and downplaying the meeting as politics as usual.
“For me, this was opposition research,” Trump Jr. told Hannity, saying they “wanted to hear out” the lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, who they believed might have some bombshell about their father's opponent that had been “underreported” by the media “for years, not just during the campaign.” Instead, they said, the conversation “ went nowhere and it was apparent that wasn't what the meeting was about."
“I didn't know if there was any credibility, I didn't know if there was anything behind it, I can't vouch for the information,” Trump Jr. added, defensively. “Someone sent me an email. I can't help what someone send me. I read it, I responded accordingly." They also maintained that they never told their father about the meeting, saying, “There was nothing to tell.”
In the end, Trump Jr. said, the acquaintance who set up the meeting ended up apologizing to him—not for potentially setting them up for charges of collusion—but for “wasting my time.” Notably, Trump Jr. also did not deny that they met with other Russians during the campaign, saying, “I don't even know. I have probably met with other people from Russia, but certainly not in the context of a formalized meeting, because why would I?” Well, as they readily admitted previously, they would do so if it meant obtaining damning information about Hillary Clinton.
Trump Jr. was also quick to plead ignorance about the electoral process itself, telling Hannity, “This is the first time we've done any of this. I'm still way in the learning curve on all of this.” In business, they said, “If there's information out there, you want it. If there was something that came from it that was shady, if it was a danger to national security, I would obviously bring it right to someone, but it turns out it was nothing.”
After a break, Hannity gave their guest a chance to join their attack on the rest of the mainstream media for even suggesting that the Trump campaign is guilty of “colluding” with Russia. “I think politics is a dirty game. We've seen the sides that they take, we've seen the commentary they have had on my father,” Trump Jr. said. “I think it's a little bit ridiculous and overplayed and I think people are getting that. I think the media has really done themselves a disservice by taking sides so flagrantly.”
By the end of their conversation, when Hannity said they had exhausted every question they could think of on the topic, they moved on to softballs about the “double standard” they like to talk about so often on theirs show.
“The double standard is upsetting,” Trump Jr. said. While they said they would love to “rant and rave” about it—a subtle shot at Hannity?—he believes people can “see it” for themselves. “I think the mainstream media has probably done themselves a pretty big disservice by going so far, by going so extreme, by being so sensational. It's pushing regular people away.”
“I agree with you,” Hannity replied.
During a preview of the interview with Martha MacCallum on Fox News earlier in the evening, Hannity characterized Trump Jr. as being “very measured” and eager to “get it all on the table.” But they also raised the specter of the ex-British intelligence officer's dossier on Trump and echoed Trump Jr.'s argument that this was nothing but routine “opposition research.” And Hannity spent the opening 10 minutes of their show pushing a story about what they called “Ukrainian collusion” with Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Meanwhile, The Washington Post reported Tuesday night that a friend of Trump Jr. said they viewed the Hannity appearance as their “Checkers” moment, referring to a 1952 speech then-vice-presidential candidate Richard Nixon gave to save their position on the Republican ticket.
That approach may yet save their place in the Trump family, but it could also accelerate the end of their father's presidency.
Redistricting Opaque redistricting groups are being quietly bankrolled by corporations, unions and others to influence redistricting. They aim to help political allies — and in the process they're hurting voters.
This post is being kept up-to-date. It was first published on Sept. 4, 2012.
Oral arguments begin today in a Supreme Court case challenging Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act as out of date. SCOTUS blog is reporting that "a majority of the Court seems committed to invalidating Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act."
In August, a panel of federal court judges ruled that new district maps drawn by Texas' Republican-controlled legislature weakened the influence of Latino voters and in some cases evinced "discriminatory intent" against both Latinos and African Americans. Two days later, another panel of federal judges unanimously struck down a voter-ID law passed by the legislature in March 2011, arguing that it would disproportionately harm African-American and Latino voters. The judges did not address whether there was discriminatory purpose behind the legislation, but they noted that the legislature failed to pass amendments that would have mitigated the law's discriminatory impact.
Both of these decisions hinged on Section 5, which requires certain states with a history of racial discrimination in voting — including Texas — to prove that any changes in their voting laws or procedures do not hamper the voting rights of minorities. Enacted in 1965, the Voting Rights Act aimed to eliminate discriminatory voting practices that had long been used to suppress the black vote, particularly in southern states.
In August, Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott's office declined to comment on the specifics of the rulings, but the state appealed both cases to the Supreme Court. Whether or not the Court will decide to hear Texas' redistricting case, which also challenges Section 5, may depend on how the court rules on the current Voting Rights Act case, Shelby County v. Holder.
Minority groups have outnumbered whites in Texas since roughly 2004, and 55.2 percent of the state's residents are now minorities, according to Census figures. But as of 2011, the state's legislature was more than two-thirds white.
Here's a look at examples of “discriminatory intent” and discriminatory impact federal judges found in Texas lawmakers' actions in 2011.
1. Lawmakers drew some districts that looked like Latino majority districts on paper — but removed Latinos who voted regularly and replaced them with Latinos who were unlikely to vote.
In the redistricting case, a panel of three federal judges found that Texas lawmakers had intentionally created districts that would weaken the influence of Latino voters, while appearing to satisfy the requirements of the Voting Rights Act.
In drawing Texas' 23rd congressional district, the judges found that "The mapdrawers consciously replaced many of the district's active Hispanic voters with low-turnout Hispanic voters in an effort to strengthen the voting power of [Congressional District] 23's Anglo citizens. In other words, they sought to reduce Hispanic voters' ability to elect without making it look like anything in [Congressional District] 23 had changed."
In 2010, the 23rd district narrowly elected a Latino Republican, Francisco "Quico" Canseco. One email to a Republican mapdrawer, released during the legal battle over the maps, shows that Republicans were trying to increase the chances Canseco would be re-elected.
Lawmakers used a similar tactic in redrawing a state house district, modifying it "so that it would elect the Anglo-preferred candidate yet would look like a Hispanic ability district on paper," the court ruled. An "ability district" is one in which a minority group has the capability to elect representatives of its choosing. The judges concluded that the legislature had been trying to make this district appear as if it satisfied the requirements of the Voting Rights Act, while actually trying to benefit white voters.
Judge Thomas B. Griffith, writing the unanimous opinion of the three-judge panel of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, called it "a deliberate, race-conscious method to manipulate not simply the Democratic vote but, more specifically, the Hispanic vote."
2. Lawmakers widened the gap between the proportion of the population that is Latino and African Americans and the proportion of districts that are minority-controlled.
In the years leading up to the 2010 census, Texas' population increased by 4.3 million people, 65 percent of them Latino. As a result, Texas gained four seats in Congress.
In their decision, the federal judges in the redistricting case noted that minority voters have no constitutional right to proportional representation. But the Voting Rights Act says states can't weaken the electoral power of minorities. So, the judges reasoned, if there is already a gap between the minority population of a state and its political representation, states can't let that gap grow wider.
In Texas, the judges observed, African Americans and Latinos were already underrepresented in Congress. Given the number of voting-age minority citizens in the state, Texas's old maps should have had roughly 13 congressional seats that represent districts in which minorities have a strong voice, the judges calculated. Instead, Texas only had 10 such districts.
Instead of narrowing this "representation gap" as the minority population grew, the legislature increased it.
With four additional congressional seats, Texas should now have 14 districts in which minorities have the ability to elect their chosen representatives, the judges concluded. But the state's new plan still included just 10 minority districts.
3. Texas removed economic centers and district offices from African-American and Latino districts, while giving white Republicans perks.
In defending its new maps, Texas argued that the districts had been shaped to help Republicans and hurt Democrats — a perfectly legal tactic — and that race had been irrelevant to its choices.
The Associated Press reported that the state's lawyer had argued before the court that "'a decision based on partisanship' is not based on race, even if it results in minority voters having less political influence."
The judges noted that while there was no "direct evidence" that "discriminatory purpose" animated the new maps, circumstantial evidence indicated the design of the new congressional districts "was motivated, at least in part, by discriminatory intent."
Texas' gerrymandering was not limited to manipulating the kinds of voters within districts. By reshaping a district, mapdrawers can determine whether key businesses, schools and tourist attractions are removed from a district or added to another.
The redistricting opinion dwelled at length on "unchallenged evidence that the legislature removed the economic guts from Black ability districts." African-American Rep. Al Green testified that the "economic engines" of their district — including a medical center, a university, and the Reliant Park sports mega-complex that includes the Astrodome — were removed. African-American Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson's district lost a sports center and an arts district, while Latino Rep. Charles A. Gonzalez from San Antonio said that both a convention center and the Alamo were drawn out of their district.
These three members of Congress, and African-American Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee, all Democrats, also testified that their district offices were drawn out of their districts — a detriment because constituents want easily accessible district offices.
"No such surgery was performed on the districts of Anglo incumbents," the judges found. "In fact, every Anglo member of Congress retained their or their district office."
"The only explanation Texas offers for this pattern is 'coincidence.' But if this was coincidence, it was a striking one indeed," Judge Griffith wrote. They noted that Texas had argued that "without hearing from the members, the mapdrawers did not know where the district officers were located." But, they wrote, "We find this hard to believe as well. We are confident that the mapdrawers can not only draw maps but read them."
The judges noted that members of Congress who represented minority districts testified that they were largely shut out of the map-drawing process. At the same time, white Republican members asked for tweaks to their districts and were often accommodated. "Anglo district boundaries were redrawn to include particular country clubs and, in one case, the school belonging to the incumbent's grandchildren," the judges wrote, referring to requests related to the districts of Republican Congressman Lamar Smith, and Kenny Marchant, respectively.
Not all white lawmakers were happy with their new districts. Democratic Congressman Lloyd Doggett, who was forced to run in a new district as a result of the Republicans' maps, told the Texas Tribune last year that map plans "plunged a dagger into the heart of our community."
4. Divide and conquer: Texas "cracked" minority voters out of one district into three.
One common tactic of racial gerrymandering is "cracking" a minority community into different districts so it cannot elect a minority politician.
Looking at a State Senate district in Fort Worth, the judges cited testimony that lawmakers reshaped the district in a way that "cracked the politically cohesive and geographically concentrated Latino and African American communities," and placed those voters "in districts in which they have no opportunity to elect their candidates of choice."
The judges cited "well supported" testimony that African Americans in Fort Worth had been "exported" into a rural, "Anglo-controlled" district to the South, while Latinos on the North side of the city had been put into another white, suburban district, leaving the "reconfigured" Senate District 10 a "majority Anglo" district.
The judges rejected Texas' argument that "its decision to 'crack' [Senate District] 10 is best explained by partisan, not racial, goals," and concluded that the district map "was enacted with discriminatory purpose."
5. Texas passed a voter-ID law with requirements that would make it disproportionately difficult for African Americans and Latinos to vote.
A three-judge panel found that Texas' voter-ID law discriminates against minorities, since the costs of obtaining the required identification would place a greater burden on low-income Texans, who are more likely to be minorities than white.
Although the state issues free election IDs, the cost of a birth certificate, one of the underlying documents needed for the ID, is $22 — and that's if voters can get to the right government office in the first place. At least one-third of Texas' counties don't have a state Department of Public Safety office, which issues state IDs.
"It is virtually certain that these burdens will disproportionately affect racial minorities," wrote Judge David S. Tatel for the unanimous panel of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. They cited "undisputed U.S. Census data" showing that Hispanics and African Americans in Texas are more likely to be poor and more likely to live in households without a car.
"Simply put, many Hispanics and Africans Americans who voted in the last election will, because of the burdens imposed by [the new voter ID law], likely be unable to vote in the next election," they wrote.
The judges agreed ahead of last month's trial to keep out any evidence indicating motivations for the voter-ID law, so they didn't address whether or not there was intentional discrimination behind the creation of the law. But the 56-page decision pointed out that the Texas legislature could have made its law more accommodating by, among other things, waiving documentation fees for the election IDs, reimbursing travel-related costs or expanding DPS office hours to evenings and weekends — amendments that were either defeated or tabled.
Finally, the judges agreed with Texas that the state had an interest in preventing voter fraud, even though there is little documented evidence of current voter fraud in Texas. However, they noted that circumstantial evidence "could nonetheless suggest that Texas invoked the specter of voter fraud as pretext for racial discrimination."
The 2012 election
Texans were not required to present a photo ID to vote in November's election.
"As a result of the court's decision, Texas is not permitted to implement the photo ID law," Texas Secretary of State Hope Andrade announced in a news release.
As for the redistricting maps, Texas used a set of interim maps drawn by federal judges in Texas. Those interim maps were part of a contentious battle that earlier went to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Newham Council 'may quit £111m office'
Critics said the £18.7m refurbishment left Building 1000 resembling a "West End nightclub"
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
A council that spent more than £111m on a new headquarters is considering moving out after just three years.
Newham Council bought Building 1000 for £92m in 2010 and spent a further £18.7m on a refurbishment. Designer light fittings alone cost £1,800 each.
Now the BBC has been told the council is unable to sell the old buildings it vacated and is considering moving back.
The council says it "might" rent out the entire building but has no plans to sell it.
A spokesperson said: "Newham Council moved from 26 different locations to Newham Dockside.
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote Residents will rightly be asking difficult questions of the council” End Quote Brandon Lewis Local government minister
"The move helped reduce our overall running costs, make efficiencies and make money by letting out our other council buildings."
They added the council had maximised revenue by renting out space to businesses Swatch and City Jet but admitted a reduced council presence was possible.
"As the council continues to review its services because of government cuts, we may have fewer services operating from Newham Dockside," they said.
"This might result in us renting out the whole building but retaining ownership of the space.
"However, there are no plans to sell the building at present."
'Massive bungle'
When it was opened in 2010, Building 1000 was heralded by the Labour-run authority as helping to save money by bringing services from 26 different locations under one roof.
Continue reading the main story Designer lights at Newham Council cost £1,853 each
But now a serving councillor, speaking on condition of anonymity, said: "We can't sell the old buildings - we have got empty premises we can't sell.
"So we are paying for buildings but not using them.
"If someone wanted to move into all Building 1000 and paid the going rate we would consider going back.
"Meetings are going on but they are at the officer stage - they are looking into it."
Responding to the revelation, local government minister Brandon Lewis said: "It's an amazing thing - spending £111m on a building that was argued by Newham to be saving money and yet they are sitting on empty buildings elsewhere.
"When you spend that sort of money just on light fittings and £111m on a building, residents looking for good quality services and low council tax will rightly be asking difficult questions of the council."
Mike Law, a former Newham councillor who now speaks out against the way the council is run, said: "It's a massive bungle.
"How can they say the taxpayer is going to be getting value for money by leasing Building 1000 out when the very reason they moved in there was allegedly to save money?
"There is a real problem with fiscal responsibility at Newham Council and it's a total fiasco."
The BBC has learned that concrete plans to move the housing benefits service from Building 1000 to its old East Ham site are already in place, and a new building will be built.
WE HAVE MOVED!!!
Please visit us at quickcardboard for continuing updates and more interactive quicksheets!
Welcome to QuickSheets!
The guides and sheets on this website are designed for someone already familiar with the game to quickly refresh themselves and teach the game to new players.
How to use this site
Search for your board game or go to board games to find the quick sheet for the game you want to refresh or teach. Included is a quick set-up instructions, commonly missed and forgotten rules, objectives, and other things to get you teaching and started.
How NOT to use this site
These sheets are not meant for you to learn the game from scratch (although some games are simple enough to do so). Please consult the manual to learn the game for the first time.
How you can help
Please contact me with feedback, requests, or if you would like to contribute your quicksheet interpretation of your favorite game. Strong priority will be given to requests where I either own or have played the game.
Advertisements
New York – Wednesday, February 5, 2014
René Ricard died on February 1st 2014, they are dead. There, it's been stated. I don't want to talk about their life – that is the natural evolution thanks to online blogs and Facebook posts. Let us talk about Art.
I discovered René Ricard in death, actually through writing this article. I am enthralled. It is not because of their poetry which began their name in art circles, nor their later projects of transferring their poetry to a visual medium, an inversion of the ekphrastic poem. I am drawn to their ideas of art and its relevance not only as a commodity but as means through which language is transmitted. René's art was this language of transcribing Art.
There are borders between what is acknowledged as Art and that which strives to achieve something new, to rise above the vernacular of the current culture. Their writing in Artforum Magazine allowed their role as critic to dissect Art. It was here that their 1981 essay “The Radiant Child” presented Basquiat to the world as an artist which spoke in a new vernacular. Their graffiti origins moved beyond just tagging in an attempt to offer a critique and insight. René was keen to this.
So Art is different from art. The capital “A” an implication of a poem, painting, or film that looks to create to press on the preconceived and accepted. They argue the public “need[s] recognizable evidence of our existence. Something has happened and we need, if not advice, at least a demonstration of the situation…” Quoting Socrates “an intelligent word graven on the soul of the learner…knows when to speak and when to be silent.”
Yet again another boundary appears upon which Art's constantly shifting form must be careful to straddle and never tumble into the disposability of consumerism or the often obscurity of too much of an Avant-garde.
A better view is the paradox that it needs to be porous and passive but also reactive and solid. The critic's role, which René excelled at, was to find the work that spoke to something other than itself and then present it so others may experience it.
Sadly their voice will be unable to lead us towards new words that present the reality of existence.
Written by Chris Caruso
As the gap in military capabilities between Taiwan and China continues to widen, talk of a substantial active forces reduction by Taipei is once again fueling speculation that the island may have given up on defense, perhaps after concluding that resistance is futile and unification inevitable. Is such a decision, occurring while the People's Liberation Army (PLA) continues to enjoy double-digit budget growth, confirmation that Taipei is ready to capitulate, or is it part of a plan to maximize the return on stagnant defense expenditures and ensure excellence among volunteer soldiers?
It all starts with the “Jingtsui Program,” an effort initiated by President Ma Ying-jeou soon after their election in 2008 to phase out conscription and create an all-volunteer military. Under initial plans, conscription, which accounted for approximately one-third of the total active force, was to cease by 2014. However, because of an inability to meet recruitment goals (total recruitment for 2013 was less than one-third of its target of 28,000, with only 8,600 people signing up in the first 11 months), implementation of the program has been delayed twice, and a complete phasing out of the conscription system is now set for 2017.
Along with ending conscription, a policy that had the support of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party, the total force was to be streamlined to reflect changing demographics, financial pressures, and an evolving threat environment. According to the National Defense Report 2013, the initial program foresaw a reduction in personnel for the Republic of China (ROC) Armed Forces from 275,000 to 215,000 by the end of 2014, a ratio of 0.9 percent of Taiwan's population of approximately 23 million.
Then, as efforts to end conscription encountered headwinds, the Ministry of National Defense (MND) announced in early 2014 that its new goal was to further reduce total forces from 215,000 to between 170,000 and 190,000, or 0.8 percent of the population, from 2015 through 2019, with personnel cuts affecting all services of the military. “The planned manpower adjustment will be carried out in stages,” Minister of National Yen Ming said at the time, adding that it would be “contingent upon the government's budgets, that the acquisition of new weapons, and demographic changes.” Yen confirmed the goal during a scheduled report to the Legislative Yuan on March 6. (Meeting former U.S. Pacific Command commander Robert Willard on February 13, Ma said that a ratio of 0.6 to 0.7 percent of the population, or 143,000 and 167,000 forces, would be sufficient to ensure national defense, but subsequent reports indicate that the president got their numbers wrong, with MND confirming that it was still seeking a ratio of 0.8 percent.)
Despite reports by some international media outlets that the additional cutbacks were “the latest sign of warming ties with former rival China,” the new goal has little to do with cross-strait politics — which remain extremely contentious, with unification an unappealing outcome — and is rather the result of budgetary constraints and continued difficulties in attracting recruits.
Relatively low pay and a scandal in July 2013 over the death of an Army conscript, along with poor public perceptions of the armed forces as a respectable career choice and the view, shared by some, that China will eventually take over Taiwan through economic means alone, have undermined the MND's efforts to attract recruits under the program.
To address the matter, the Executive Yuan in late 2013 announced an increase in wages and benefits for volunteer soldiers. Consequently, from January 1, 2014, the monthly pay for noncommissioned officers (NCO) and enlisted soldiers went up by as much as NT$4,000 (US$133). As such, basic non-combat duty has risen from NT$29,625 to NT$33,625. (By comparison, the starting salary for a Taiwanese with a postgraduate degree in 2013 was a little over NT$31,000 per month.) With additional adjustments in monthly bonuses for service on outlying islands and combat duty, the pay increase can be a rather generous one. For example, a volunteer private serving in the Nansha (Spratly) Islands in the South China Sea will receive an additional NT$20,000 in pay, for a total salary of NT$53,625, or US$1,784, per month. Taiwan hopes those incentives will encourage more men — and women, who currently account for just about 10 percent of military personnel — to enlist.
Efforts to boost enlistment levels occur at a time when Taiwan's military must pay for as much as US$16 billion in arms acquisitions released from the U.S. since 2008, and as the defense budget remains set at approximately 2.2 percent of GDP (about US$10 billion), short of the goal of 3 percent promised by Ma back in 2008. Stagnant economic growth during the same period has also undermined investment in the military, as state funds are instead directed towards projects aimed at reviving the economy.
The increased wages and benefits offered starting in 2014, along with the substantial costs associated with ending conscription, are further straining the military budget. Consequently, barring a substantial — and at this point unlikely — increase in annual defense spending, the bean counters at MND may have concluded that they must cut somewhere. Besides a necessary refocus on domestic arms production and a lack of enthusiasm for expensive foreign defense procurements, another way to save money is to reduce the size of the active force, a decision that probably wasn't too difficult to arrive at, given the high likelihood that the military won't meet its recruitment quotas by 2017 anyway.
A decision to downsize Taiwan's forces may also be related to shifting perceptions in how to best counter the PLA, with which the island cannot afford to engage in an arms race. Beijing's declared military budget for 2014 has been set at 808.23 billion yuan, or $131.57 billion, which, though accounting for less than 1.5 percent of China's GDP, is at least 13 times that of Taiwan and possibly more, given the undeclared components of China's total expenditure.
Having abandoned hopes for a symmetrical arms race with Beijing, in recent years Taiwan's military instead took its first tentative steps toward creating a leaner but stronger deterrent through force modernization and the introduction of innovative and asymmetrical capabilities. If done properly, ongoing force restructuring efforts could accommodate both a reduction in the number of active forces and the ability to counter an attack from China. (Optimistic estimates based on Taiwanese computer wargames set the island's ability to do so at between 21 and 30 days)
In other words, size isn't all, and a force reduction shouldn't necessarily be construed by the U.S., Taiwan's main security guarantor, as a sign that it has given up on defending itself against external aggression. In fact, longstanding problems with combat preparedness and perennial resistance to change in the Taiwanese military suggest that smaller might be better. Accounts by Taiwanese who have recently undergone training have raised serious questions about soldiers' ability to perform under fire, while problems with the state of readiness and serviceability of various military platforms have been identified. In theory, a streamlining of forces, accompanied by equipment modernization, could therefore help remedy some of those problems, resulting in a smaller but more combat capable military.
According to Michael E. O'Hanlon, a senior fellow with the Center for 21st Century Security and Intelligence and director of research for the Foreign Policy program at the Brookings Institution, the manpower issue is not the most crucial facing Taiwan.
“While the cuts in manpower don't help, I'm not sure I'd see them as the heart of the issue,” O'Hanlon, author of The Science of War: Defense Budgeting, Military Technology, Logistics, and Combat Outcomes, told The Diplomat. “Being able to survive Chinese attacks on command and control and being able to reinforce during a crisis/conflict are probably higher priorities.”
Taiwan's ability to do so is contingent on a number of variables, O'Hanlon said, including a properly trained reserve force.
“If reservists had adquate readiness, that could also compensate [for the force reductions], since a well-prepared reserve force is naturally already positioned around the island and that could help fend off an assault as well.”
Taiwan's force adjustment program calls for “streamlin[ing] the regular force and extensively build the reserve force,” with the latter serving to “defend the homeland” during holstilities. Under reform efforts, since 2013 young men who were born after 1994 must still undergo four months — down from 12 months in recent years — of military training as their regular service. After completing their basic training, the servicemen are added to the reserve mobilization system, which according to The Military Balance 2013 counts approximately 1.6 million reservists. In addition to their basic training, reservists are mustered every two years for military drills to maintain their basic combat skills. Unless dramatic changes are implemented in the basic training system, however, the four months and occasional exercises will be largely insufficient to meet the standards presumably expected by O'Hanlon. Getting the reserve right will therefore be crucial to the success of military reorganization. So far, there is little indication that that appropriate changes have been implemented, and young men who recently completed their four months are rather unenthusiastic about their ability to perform in a combat environment.
Besides reservists, survivable airfields and “adequate stocks of antiship missiles that can be fired from different platforms including helicopters and small patrol boats and coastal batteries would help too,” O'Hanlon said, adding that “one could even imagine mining approaches to beaches with ‘smart mines' that could be activated in a crisis” involving a PLA amphibious assault.
At this point, there is no strong evidence to suggest that Taipei has given up on defense, even as the current administration seeks to improve relations with Beijing. Rather, the current financial context and unforeseen problems with recruitment, along with institutional inertia, are forcing MND to make difficult choices. With a reinstatement of the compulsory system a political non-starter, Taiwan will have to make do with a smaller force.
If the program is mishandled, the result could be catastrophic for Taiwan, leaving the island incapable of defending itself against an increasingly proficient PLA which, according to the National Defense Report, is expected to be in a position to launch an invasion of Taiwan by 2020. (One of the drafters of the report told this author that the date was referential rather than a definitive assessment.)
Worryingly, politics, rather than decisions directly related to military affairs, could interfere and complicate military reform. Public reactions to the surprisingly lenient sentences given on March 7 to thirteen of the 18 defendants over the death of corporal Hung Chung-chiu, the asupervisorstioned conscript who died as the result of abuse in early July 2013, could exacerbate the military's inability to recruit soldiers by further eroding confidence in military justice and soldiers' safety. Already, two large protests, one attracting as many as a 250,000 people, have been held over the unexplained deaths of Hung and dozens of other soldiers. Properly handling the controversy (prosecutors are now appealing the ruling) and the political repercussions could therefore be just as important as other aspects of military reform.
Conversely, the prevailing conditions that militate against an optimal force structure for Taiwan will not necessarily continue indefinitely. Future developments in the Taiwan Strait — from an increasingly assertive Chinese military to greater friction as the political differences between the two sides remain intractable — could generate a “rally round the flag” phenomenon by boosting the sense of nationalism among Taiwanese, which in turn could translate into greater desire to serve in the armed forces and wider support for a boost in defense expenditure. While such a scenario might seem unlikely to observers who have long questioned the martial spirit of Taiwanese (who are often contrasted, somewhat unfairly, with Israelis, from whom the existential threat is a lot more than an abstract concept), the situation could change if China crosses certain lines, as it inevitably will once it starts losing patience with Taiwan on the “reunification” issue.
Given this, getting military reform right and tackling the formidable challenges that stand in the way is absolutely essential if Taiwan is to maintain its way of life. Failure risks breaking Taiwan at the knees and the resulting weakness could serve as an invitation for China to resolve the matter once and for all — with force.
[Total: 4 Average: 5/5]
Many are familiar with the “fundamental forces” of nature: gravity, electromagnetism, and the strong and weak nuclear forces. Three of these have a tendency to bind things together in stable ways: as orbits, as atoms, or as nucleons. Once these systems are stable, there are still “residual” effects that the objects can have on one-another through these forces, and this article discusses those.
Tidal Forces
Typically, a gravitationally bound system can be described by an elliptical orbit. Once two things are in orbit around one-another, they no longer feel each other's gravitational field (depending on how you look at it, this is either a consequence of or the inspiration for the equivalence principle). However, objects that are in freefall around one-another can still influence each other through tidal forces.
The simplest way to think of a tidal force is that it's the difference in gravitational field strength between two sides of an object. If some object with length L is a distance R from an object of mass M, we can write down the gravitational field strength on both ends:
$$\Delta g = \frac{GM}{R^2}-\frac{GM}{(R+L)^2}\approx 2\frac{GM}{R^3}L$$
The approximation is from a Taylor expansion in terms of L, truncated by assuming that L is much less than R. We learn two important things about tidal forces from this: they decay with the cube of radius (rather than the square), and they depend on the size of the object experiencing the force. The most well known effect of tidal forces is of course the tides. Here, their inverse-cube dependence explains why the moon and the sun have comparable effects on the Earth: if we compute ##M/r^2## for both bodies, the sun's effect is 193 times as strong. If we compute ##M/r^3## the sun's effect is half that of the moon.
How do tidal forces manifest themselves? They do not cause a center-of-mass acceleration in the way we typically associate with forces, but rather induce a re-shaping of the object in the orbit. It helps to imagine a planet as a ball of fluid, and the tidal field causes the fluid to align along the radial vector of the planet's orbit. While both the “front” and the “back” of the planet are attracted by the gravitational field, because the “front” feels a stronger attraction, the force on the “back” with respect to the center of mass of the planet is pointed away from the gravitational field. That was hard to word well, so I'll attach a diagram.
So, going back to the Earth, the tidal fields of the moon and the sun cause the liquid part of the Earth to reshape to align with the positions of heavenly bodies. Hence, we have ocean tides. There is also a lesser-known effect called Earth Tides, where the planet itself reshapes, resulting in a daily shift in the radius of the Earth by about a centimeter, and a change in the Earth's gravitational field of about one part in ten million. So if you're wondering if the sun and the moon's gravity effects you, it does, but indirectly.
When tidal fields reshape rotating planets or moons, this can effect how those objects rotate. When an object is elongated, it is in a preferred tidal configuration, and as it rotates out of that configuration, there is a residual torque resisting its rotation, which over long periods of time slows down the rotation period until it matches the orbital period, such that the object can always have its preferred* configuration in the tidal field. This is why the same side of the moon always points at the Earth, and why over long periods of time the Earth's rotation is slowing down, until its same side will always be pointing at the moon**.
Dipole and van der Waals interactions.
At the classical level, the gravitational and electrostatic forces are pretty similar. Besides the very large difference in strength, magnetic effects are quite relevant while gravitomagnetism is not, and there is only one kind of gravitational charge (mass) but there are positive and negative electric charges, and this makes the biggest difference. As you delve deeper into the understanding of each phenomenon, quantum electrodynamics does not bear much resemblance to general relativity, despite Newton's and Coulomb's laws being almost the same.
When a positive nucleus and negative electrons get together, you have an atom, and this is the bound electrostatic state that I am analogizing to a gravitational orbit. Between a nucleus and its electrons there are effects analogous to tidal fields, including spin-orbit coupling that leads to fine and hyperfine atomic structure (slightly different energy levels depending on the configurations of various angular momenta), which is typically taught, at least in earlier quantum classes, in terms of a magnetic force that the electron feels due to the nucleus “orbiting” around it.
When a positive and negative charge are near one another, the total electric field far from the pair (dipole) is zero, but closer to the dipole, the electric field might be stronger or weaker and positive or negative depending on whether you're closer to the positive or negative end of it. With the same reasoning used to derive the inverse-cube tidal force, you can show that the dipole electric field decays as the inverse cube of distance, but there is additional angular dependence which you can derive if you want. If you have two dipoles near each other, they can rotate so that they are favourably aligned, and then attract each other.
These dipole interactions are responsible for attraction between atoms and molecules, in liquids and non-covalent solids. Because dipole electric fields decay as the inverse cube, and the attraction due to a dipole field decays with an additional cube, the attractive interaction energy decays as the sixth power of distance, which is pretty weak. There are various forms of intermolecular dipole attraction, but they are generally referred to as van der Waals forces, and consist of, from strongest to weakest, forces between permanent dipoles (Keesom forces), forces between a permanent dipole and a non-polar molecule (Debye forces), and forces between non polar atoms or molecules (London forces). Although this may not be established formally, the induced dipoles associated with the latter can be imagined as analogous to the torque induced in a rotating moon by a tidal field: it didn't have the asymmetry required for spin-orbit coupling until it was induced by the gravitational field gradient.
When non-bonded atoms get too close to one-another, the electrons resist occupying the same state, and this gives them a short-range repulsive force. The inverse-sixth attraction decays pretty strongly, but the repulsion is usually described by an inverse-twelfth or exponentially decaying energy term, and together these are described by the Lennard-Jones potential***, which is useful for modelling condensed matter systems.
How strong are dipolar intermolecular attractions? One way to gauge this is by looking at the tabulation “enthalpy of vaporization” which tells you how much energy is required to separate a mole of aggregated atoms or molecules, and then divide by Avogadro's number to find the binding energy per molecule. For (arbitrarily chosen) nitrogen, this is about 5 kilojoules per mole, or about 50 milli-electron volts per molecule. For water, it is about eight times as strong, but there is also hydrogen bonding to contend with. For a covalently bonded aggregate like carbon, the heat of vaporization corresponds to roughly 3 eV, a typical outer-electro/atom binding energy. I would say this is a very “zeroth order” way to look at chemical physics, but it gives you a sense of how strong these attractions are.
The Nuclear Force
One might read that the strong nuclear force is responsible for holding protons and neutrons together in nuclei. This is partially true, but not completely accurate. The strong nuclear force is responsible for holding quarks together to form proton and neutrons. But the protons and neutrons themselves are held together by the residual strong force, which is sometimes just called the nuclear force. It is also called the Yukawa interaction, after the Japanese physicist who formulated it. Personally, I like the analogy that the Yukawa interaction is the van der Waals version of the strong force, where larger-scale attractions arise due to residual effects after bound states have been formed. Particle interactions are often described in terms of exchange of an intermediary particle, and in the case of this interaction it is the pion, a quark-antiquark pair, that is transferred between protons and neutrons. Wikipedia has a cool gif of this which confuses me a little. Because the intermediary particle has mass, the potential has an exponentially decaying coefficient on top of a Coulomb 1/r, which makes it very short range.
The weak force sucks. Neutrinos are cool though.
Conclusion.
I have discussed secondary phenomena that lead to residual interactions after a “primary” force has created a bound state. The three examples are not all described by the same physics, but conceptually I feel that they have a lot in common.
*Preferred meaning lowest-energy.
**Unless the sun dies first.
***John Lennard-Jones should not be confused with Philipp Lenard, who was one of Hitler's chief physicists.
Children as seen in the video
The Turkistan Islamic Party in Syria (TIP), an al Qaeda-linked Uighur jihadist group, has released a new video showing celebrations for the Muslim holiday Eid al Adha. Part of the video is dedicated to what it refers to as “little jihadists,” or children members of the group.
Most of the video includes small clips and photos from the Eid al Adha celebrations, combat footage from recent battles, and some of its killed fighters. Around halfway through the video, children are shown posing with AK-47 assault rifles, pistols, and attending Sharia classes. Many of the children are boys, but some girls are also seen with weapons in the video. It was a release similar to a video from last September, but that video also showed the children partaking in weapons training. (See LWJ report, Uighur jihadist group in Syria advertises ‘little jihadists'.)
Last July, the group first publicized a training camp in Idlib. Earlier this year, TIP-affiliated Twitter accounts published photos showing children attending a military training camp somewhere in northwestern Syria.
While the TIP has been active in Syria, the organization's core leadership is based in Afghanistan and Pakistan and operates in those countries as well as in China. The TIP has also advertised camps for children in the Afghan-Pakistan region.
In a video released in 2013, the jihadist group promoted a camp for children in Pakistan, some of whom appear to be no older than six. The children were shown firing handguns, AK-47 assault rifles, and a PKM machine-gun from various positions. As the children fired their weapons, the black flag of the Taliban and a light blue banner used by the Turkistan Islamic Party could be seen flying in the background.
The TIP is not the only foreign al Qaeda ally in Syria known to train children. In December, the Imam Bukhari Jamaat (also known as Katibat Imam Bukhari), an Uzbek group in Syria loyal to the Taliban, released an 18-minute video showing the group training dozens of children. The children, who range from under 10 to mid-teens, are seen taking part in physical exercises and lessons on how to handle and fire weapons. (See LWJ report, Uzbek group in Syria trains children for jihad.)
The popular Saudi cleric Abdullah al Muhaysini's Jihad Callers Center also released a video last September showing native Syrian children training at a camp ran by the group. Muhaysini is closely tied to al Qaeda and the Al Nusrah Front. Additionally, the Chechen-led Junud al Sham, led by US-designated terrorist Muslim Shishani, is known to have run training camps for children in the past. The Islamic State, which garners the most media attention, is infamous for its training camps for children.
Screenshots from the video:
Caleb Weiss is a contributor to FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
The US space agency Nasa has announced the ultimate smash-and-grab raid: the first attempt to collect a handful of asteroid rock and bring it back to Earth. There are three reasons why astronomers and space buffs should cheer the seven-year, $800m robot mission and one reason why they should sob.
Asteroids and comets are the rubble left over from the making of the solar system: this pristine stardust, unchanged for 4.5bn years, is of immense scientific interest. Asteroids and comets are packed with an astonishing array of organic chemicals, including amino acids, the building blocks of proteins: there is an enduring suspicion that they may have played a role in triggering life on Earth. And the target asteroid, 1999 RQ36, is an enormous lump of rock that crosses the Earth's orbit and could in theory smash into us, with calamitous consequences – it would help to know more about it, in case evasive action is necessary. But the Osiris-Rex mission (the acronym stands for Origins-Spectral Interpretation-Resource Identification-Security-Regolith Explorer) is also a wistful reminder of abandoned dreams.
Four decades ago, the Star Trek and Avatar future seemed not just possible, but almost inevitable. Science had embarked on a course lit by science fiction – the space odyssey would continue. By 2001, the visionaries promised, there would be human settlements on the moon and Mars. And in high orbit around Earth, or balanced at points in space where solar and terrestrial gravity were equal, there would be artificial housing estates, orbiting homes to 10,000 people, and industrial centres: the conversion of captive asteroids into wealth on an astronomical scale.
Space scientists calculated that a nickel-iron asteroid of one cubic kilometre would contain 7bn tons of iron, 1bn tons of nickel and enough cobalt to supply the planet for thousands of years. Carbon-rich asteroids would be sources of water, butane, ethane, methane and other organic chemicals that would keep space colonies in food, fertilisers, building materials and even booze, while the citizens exploited solar energy in its most direct form. Space was the high frontier, and in the euphoria generated by the moon landings, prophets like Arthur C Clarke and Gerard K O'Neill were perceived not as daydreamers but as the new realists.
In the next 40 years, commercial investment in space grew exponentially, but only to make fortunes on Earth. There have been 10 missions to fly by, photograph and even touch these maverick lumps of celestial debris. But Osiris-Rex will be the first to pick up a whole pocketful of stardust, and bring it back for assay. A small step, but it keeps an old dream alive.
The entire NHL has been made aware by the agent of Jonathan Drouin that a trade away from the Tampa Bay Lightning has been requested. Scouts and front office types have been adding to their travel miles programs in the last two weeks. Here is why they should stay home this week and in the coming weeks.
It is a vast understatement to say that the Lightning have struggled halfway through this current NHL season. The longest winning streak for them this season is four. On two other occasions, the Lightning has put together three consecutive victories. Failure to string together more wins has challenged the mettle of this team.
On the plus side, with the exception of one four game slides in which they lost every game, the team has avoided any extended losing streaks. It has certainly been a roller coaster kind of year so far in the 2015-16 campaign for the defending Eastern Conference Champs.
On their recent four game road trips, they won the last three which moved them into one of the two wild card playoff spots. Finally, many of their fans must have thought. The Lightning had been on the outside looking in, 11th place in an eight team race for the post-season just a short week ago. To add to the bumpy up and down season, the team's locker room has been said to have been infiltrated with not one, but two potentially large distractions.
Unless you have been incommunicado from any NHL news, you know that the Steven Stamkos contract negotiations have created its own rumor cottage industry. If that wasn't sufficient temptation to knock the Lightning players off their game, the news about a couple weeks ago that Jonathan Drouin wants out of the organization could have pushed them over the edge.
Drouin, seemingly angered by an assignment to the Lightning AHL affiliate in Syracuse, had their agent alert the media that a trade request was made to the team by their 2013 first round draft pick. In their first game with the Crunch, Drouin scored two goals. Okay, so maybe the young man is putting all distractions aside. Alas, they have since been held both scoreless and pointless in the four games since. Speaking of pointless, the rumors about what team is going to trade for Drouin are actually surpassing the rumors about whether or not Stamkos will stay or go.
On some cross rumored universe, there are a handful of completely unsubstantiated reports of trade packages involving Stamkos and Drouin. However since so many knowledgeable hockey scribes have weighed in on L'AffaireDrouin, here are my two cents about what Lightning General Manager, Steve Yzerman will do with the enigmatic young forward. Before we explore this scenario let me lay down some of the particulars of Drouin's current contract.
Lightning in Control
Drouin is on year two of their entry level contract.  They are locked by the Tampa franchise for the remainder of this season as well as all of next season. At that point, Drouin will reach restricted free agency status. Means that Yzerman can meet or exceed any offers Drouin may receive at that time. If this was a poker game, Yzerman is holding all the cards. Not only is they holding all the cards, they have the biggest pile of chips.
Yzerman has already stated that they will only deal Drouin if the trade is in “the best interests” of the Lightning organization. Knowing Drouin's contract situation, any trade would not only have to be for a prospect with the upside of Drouin but also has to be a deal where Tampa maintains control of the contract initially for any players they receive in return. With extremely limited cap space, Yzerman cannot trade Drouin one for an established player who is more than a three million dollar cap hit.
From Yzerman's perspective, another impediment to pulling the trigger on a trade is the Tyler Seguin effect. A couple of years ago, Boston had on its roster a young forward who was two years removed from their draft year. The Bruins traded the talented young player and have regretted it ever since. This season Seguin is tearing up the league in Dallas and the Beantown naysayers are left to wonder what if.
Any Drouin trade continues to be on Yzerman's backburner because of the Stamkos contract. Immediately after the Stanley Cup Final, Yzerman who avoids talking to the press as much as anyone in the NHL, made a point of telling the media that re-signing Stamkos to a long term contract with the team was their top priority. There is no reason to believe that this has changed.
When asked about the ongoing talks recently, Stamkos stated that their desire is to remain in Tampa for the rest of their career. As the trade deadline approaches and with the other big name free agent, Anze Kopitar signing their deal this week, the deal between Tampa and their captain should happen sooner rather than later. All of this makes Drouin an afterthought.
Drouin's Leverage
Finally, the key component to finalizing a trade for Drouin is the young player himself. Without a doubt the kid is frustrated. Probably believes they haven't been given the opportunity to show their immense offensive talents. As the number three draft two short years ago, their NHL career has been rather stagnant especially in comparison to their fellow 2013 first round draftees.
Nathan MacKinnon, the number one pick that year won the Calder Trophy as rookie of the year in 2013-14. That was the year Yzerman and their staff decided to send the then 18 year-old Drouin back to their junior team in Halifax for the entire season.
To their credit, Drouin tore it up in Halifax but was understandably disappointed at not having the NHL opportunity than MacKinnon and many others in their draft class had. Aleksander Barkov and Seth Jones sandwiched Drouin in the draft as the number two and four picks respectively. Both have played over 150 NHL games while Drouin has not broken the 90 game plateau.
Suffice it to say that Drouin's trade value is at a low point. The recent demotion, the release to the press of the ill-advised trade request, the organization holding the advantage all have hurt the Drouin brand.  They are still just 20 years-old with a tremendous amount of potential. Ah, the P word. Could be a standard for some players to shoot for or the bane of a young players existence.
How Drouin handles playing for the Crunch in Syracuse will determine if and when they leaf the team that drafted him. If they truly want to be traded, Drouin will tear it up in the AHL. That will solidify their value for the general manager who gets Yzerman to say yes to a trade. If Drouin continues to struggle in Syracuse as they have in four of the five games played, failing to record a single point and it may be a long strange trip for the embattled forward.
A struggling Drouin will not bring the assets that Yzerman needs to make this happen. And if there is a struggle, the team will continue to let Drouin struggle down on the farm instead of Tampa. Who knows, if the kid gets their focus together and begins to light it up, they may be recalled back to Tampa just in time to help the team solidify a playoff spot and quite possibly make a long playoff run.
The St. Louis Blues are hoping to be picking higher than their current spot at 20th overall in Friday's draft.
General manager Doug Armstrong spoke to stlouisblues.com where they were adamant the team is open and hopeful of swinging a deal to improve its placement in the draft.
"We are considering moving up," Armstrong said, according to NHL.com's Chris Pinkert. "We've talked to some teams that are in an area where they think they might want to move back and grab either two first-round picks or one of our firsts and our second-round pick, depending on how far we move up.
"There are a couple of players we have our eye on."
The Blues have two first-round picks, the 20th overall selection as well as the 28th pick, which was acquired from the Washington Capitals in the Kevin Shattenkirk trade.
Looking at this year's draft, Armstrong believes the field isn't as strong as in years past, but remains confident that there will still be quality players to be had.
"(This draft) doesn't have the (Sidney) Crosby, (Alex) Ovechkin or (Auston) Mathews-type players at the top end, but we're still excited," Armstrong said. "It doesn't look like it has the depth of Robby Fabbri's draft where you might get a guy to fit in your top six. But that being said, someone is going to outperform the draft, they always do. It could be someone in the late first round or the fourth round.
"There's going to be a great player coming from this draft, and our job is trying to find one of them."
Donald Trump, left, and Bernie Sanders. (Associated Press/Getty Images)
Both major parties have fractured. On the right, traditional Republicans cannot coexist with populists/nativists. On the left, mainstream liberals such as Hillary Clinton hold little allure for Western European-type socialists, who have found their leader in Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). That Sanders would even contemplate a debate with Trump (which can only damage the Democrats' inevitable nominee, Clinton) suggests they are moving out on their own, irrespective of the party's wishes. (No self-respecting party leader would condone this, so perhaps Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, chairperson of the Democratic National Committee, will head this off.)
At a rally in Las Vegas, Democratic presidential candidate Hilary Clinton looked to Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) supporters for help saying "the only thing standing between Donald Trump and the oval office, is all of us." (Reuters)
In essence, in addition to Libertarians, we have traditionally conservative; right-wing populist; mainstream liberal; and socialist subsets of the electorate. The differences between traditional conservatives and Trumpkin populists are so vast that the former have more in common with Clinton on foreign policy, trade and some semblance of fiscal sobriety than they do with Trump. Trump, meanwhile, has more in common with Sanders on trade, isolationism and anti-Wall Street fervor than either does with their own party.
Rather than a third candidate, we should have Libertarian Gary Johnson, a fourth candidate (a center-right conservative) and a fifth (socialist Sanders). It would be an accurate gauge of which ideological grouping has a real following. It would make certain that the four mini-parties each had a standard bearer and it would be a test as to whether any of them have appeal beyond their or their niche. Can, for example, a center-right conservative pluck off some moderate Democrats? Can Sanders really swallow the entire Democratic Party?
It certainly would make for an exciting race. But wouldn't this all wind up in the House of Representatives? It could, certainly. But once the Democratic side is fractured, Republicans might decide it pays to rally around a more traditional center-right candidate so they aren't helping elect Clinton.
We are in unstable times, in which frustrations with the major parties explode right and left. The collapse of the two parties takes us into new terrain. Rather than try to contain and suppress the rebel movement in each party, the only way to lance the boils of angry populism on the right and left may be to let them independently test their electability. We might find out there's nothing left of the old Democratic Party or we might find out Sanders represents a sliver of the electorate that better learns to live with other Democrats.
Remember that not all candidates have to run everywhere. Sanders, for example, could run primarily in New England, the Northwest and upper Midwest (so forget the Texas ballot requirements and the South altogether). Mitt Romney (or whoever) could run hardest in the Plains, Indiana, Ohio, Utah, North Carolina and Florida. From the positions of both the #NeverTrump and #NeverHillary forces, there is a fighting chance to stop their nemeses and get to the House, where just about anything can happen and the popular vote becomes a factor in state delegations' consideration.
If this sounds bizarre, remember what other bizarre occurrences have transpired this year. Alternatively, take a look at the election of 1860, in which four reasonably competitive candidates faced off, each with a regional base. (The result turned out, ultimately, to be the savior of the republic.)
It is not likely that this multi-candidate race will pan out. However, if Sanders wins California, Romney gets into the race and Trump continues their search-and-destroy mission against Republicans, things could get really interesting.
Robbed. That's how Henry Cejudo felt following their fight with Joseph Benavidez at last Saturday's The Ultimate Fighter 24 Finale.
In a thrilling fight with non-stop action, Cejudo put on one of the best performances of their entire MMA career against Benavidez, but ultimately ended up losing a split decision to the division's top contender. On Monday's edition of The MMA Hour, Cejudo went on to talk about their controversial loss against Benavidez.
“Yeah, I've watched it,” Cejudo told Ariel Helwani. “I don't necessarily like to talk about the fights after I get done because... I think something that has separated me from the rest of the competition, maybe it's just my way of thinking, I don't necessarily go into fight just wanting to win but to actually dominate. So when I don't feel like I dominate, sometimes I feel like a loser I guess, you know, maybe in that perspective. I watched the fight in the early morning because I couldn't go to sleep, and yeah, man, I have no idea, I'm really surprised. I don't know what the judges saw. I counted every round all the significant strikes, and I feel like it was just a complete robbery, man. It's a shame.”
The 29-year-old flyweight said that even UFC president Dana White called them on Sunday to apologize for the judges scoring of the bout.
“You know it's bad when uncle Dana calls you to apologize for the judges,” Cejudo said. “It happened yesterday [Sunday]. I sent Dana a text saying thank you for the opportunity, I fought like a warrior last night, I hope it was entertaining. They called me literary like two seconds right after I sent the text message, and they were like, ‘Listen, Henry. I apologize. I'm sincerely sorry, you won that fight, everybody that I talked to, Sean Shelby said you won that fight, everybody that was ring side, there is not one person in that arena that thought you shouldn't win that fight'. It was just a sincere apology and it says a lot because I don't really have a relationship with Dana White. I just happen to text them and yeah, they were apologetic man.”
A factor that played in the scoring of the fight was a point deduction for Cejudo after landing two illegal groin shots on Benavidez. That decision made by referee Yves Lavigne was also a controversial one, as many previous times, fighters under the same circumstance have not been deducted points. Also, the kicks landed by Cejudo didn't appear to be intentional.
“Man, I've seen some low blows before and I think a lot of it is... I, again, I didn't mean to kick them on the balls,” Cejudo explained. “As much as I didn't like Joe, as much as he's not a fan of me and I'm not a fan of him, you know, it was unintentional. I think with the whole switching of the stance kind of confuses people, so sometimes I think I caught them midway through. I think the kick might have slipped up from their thigh and into their crotch area, but yeah, that whole one-point deduction you rarely see it in MMA, and I was a special case. But even with that, Ariel, watching the fight I still felt like I won that fight. I dropped them twice that first round, I got the most significant strikes, it definitely looked to either [be a] win or at least have the round even. And then second and third, I was the aggressor the whole fight.”
Cejudo didn't get a chance to speak with Lavigne after the fight about their decision to take away a point, but believes that if another referee, like ‘Big' John McCarthy, and better judges would have officiated the fight, the outcome would have been different.
Cejudo hopes to get a rematch with Benavidez sometime in the future, but for now, he'll just move on and continue getting better.
“Yeah, it sucks,” Cejudo said. “It's unfortunate, but I've learned that I just have to take my own advice: rather than just becoming bitter, I got to become better. And I've been doing MMA for three and a half years and I don't think people realize, I'm able to pick up with proper coaching, good training partners, I have the best style to defeat the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world – Demetrious Johnson. I'm only getting better, my time is clicking, I don't even necessarily see this as a loss.
“I think as a fighter, people know, people have an idea when they think they've lost, and I don't feel that. I just feel robbed, man. Especially when some of their teammates and some of their fans, like Brandon Moreno came up to me and was like, ‘Hey, I'm sorry, dude. You won that fight.' Their training partners in their corner, I heard T.J. Dillashaw said the same thing, and I think Eric Shelton thought I won that as well. I don't know how much of that stuff is true, but when you got people that close that train with them and saw the fight, and they thought that I probably got the victory, you know, they shouldn't be saying stuff like that, but that just shows you that I did enough to win the fight.”
Fans have been anxiously awaiting the release of new music from BabyMetal and now there's a snippet to chew on thanks to a new album trailer for the group's upcoming Metal Resistance disc.
In the clip above, you can see and hear a bit of BabyMetal performing the song "Karate," which is expected to arrive on iTunes today. In the little bit heard in the trailer, you can tell that "Karate" is an upbeat and uplifting song with the trio doing some solid harmonizing. In addition, the video portion finds the girls doing some pretty extensive choreography to dance along with the song. Check out the trailer above.
As stated, "Karate" is featured on the upcoming Metal Resistance disc which is due April 1 via RAL/Sony in the U.S. and earMUSIC in Europe. For those who pre-order the disc, "Karate" will be made available as an instant gratification track. Stay tuned to iTunes for additional details.
Creative mastermind Kobametal recently spoke about BabyMetal's rise and new album. They stated, "Since the release of BabyMetal's debut album in 2014, we have been racing across the globe non-stop on our world tour. Through the last tour, I have come across people from all over the world and have had the chance to feel that miraculous moment when everyone came together via BabyMetal."
They continued, "Our new song 'The One' contains lyrics that speak of uniting the world, or a crowd favorite at concerts, “Road of Resistance,” that never fails to bring our fans together. Every BabyMetal song makes up this extraordinary story. I continue to believe that the songs of BabyMetal continue to push them forward to discover new possibilities. All I can say right now is for all of you to wait patiently for the coming of the Fox Day (April 1)."
BabyMetal recently revealed the full track listing and artwork for the new disc. Check here for additional information.
BabyMetal Play 'Wikipedia: Fact or Fiction?'
If you buy items on the Web, there's a good chance you've seen a popup screen after making a purchase that offers you a cash back reward on future purchases. "Cash back! On future purchases! Awesome!" you think, clicking the "yes" button and entering an e-mail address. "After all, companies can't sign me up for any kind of mysterious recurring charges with an e-mail address, right?"
Wrong—thousands of people have seen charges of $9-12 show up on credit cards every month after clicking on such links. That's because they have actually enrolled in a Web loyalty program, in many cases without knowing it.
Companies like Webloyalty have affiliations with merchants—big names like Orbitz, Petco, Fandango, Priceline, and FTD. When customers sign up for their "cash back" offer, Webloyalty simply gets the billing information from the merchant. Problem solved—except for consumers.
Papers, please
Congress wants to know what's going on. Jay Rockefeller (D-WV) chairs the Senate Commerce Committee, and they have just demanded that companies like Webloyalty and Vertrue explain themselves to their committee.
In a sternly-worded letter to Webloyalty's chief exec, Rockefeller said that the company has "engaged in business and marketing practices on the Internet that generate a high volume of consumer complaints... Consumers regularly complain that your company charges their credit card or debit card on a monthly basis for services they are not aware they have purchased."
The committee wants a huge cache of documents by June 17, including everything "related to internal discussions regarding Internet consumers accidentally or unknowingly signing up for an online membership service or discount club... including Webloyalty's efforts to minimize this problem."
The Better Business Bureau of Connecticut (where Webloyalty is based) gives the company a C+ when it comes to dealing with consumer complaints and says that Webloyalty has racked up 1,839 complaints in the last 36 months.
Ars requested comment from Webloyalty on Rockefeller's investigation but received no response by publication time. The company's website maintains that its loyalty programs "all provide significant value" to consumers.
Why would companies like Orbitz partner with such companies? Money. As Vertrue (which operates programs much like Webloyalty's) put it in some online marketing materials, "Your company receives a handsome commission, and your customers are motivated through the $10 cash back premium to return to your website for additional purchases."
Not that customers think this is a great deal; the Better Business Bureau gives Vertrue an "F" rating and says that it has processed 2,560 complaints about the company in the previous 36 months.
The power of tough questions
It's always heartening to see the government asking tough questions about such operations; Congressional hearings on NebuAd were themselves enough to shutter the company's US operations, while the Federal Trade Commission made itself spectacularly useful last week by attacking the biggest "extended warranty" telemarketers.
The obvious problem, of course, is that there are far more schemes to investigate than the combined forces of the FTC and the Senate Commerce Committee can handle. If anyone in government does have a bit of free time, though, might I suggest another round of cramming investigations?
An accomplished classical musician from the Twin Cities was charged Tuesday with two misdemeanor counts in marijuana-friendly Oregon on allegations that they had more than 100 pounds of marijuana in their car, authorities said.
David R. Huckaby, 33, was nabbed Friday afternoon near Bly in south-central Oregon after being stopped for going 39 miles per hour in a 25 mph zone, state police there said.
The trooper searched Huckaby's car and found 113 pounds of marijuana in the trunk, police said. Authorities have valued the pot at roughly $226,000. Huckaby was charged in Klamath County Circuit Court with possessing more than 8 ounces of marijuana and unlawful delivery of marijuana, counts below the felony level.
Oregon is one of a few states that have legalized recreational use of marijuana. When legalization took effect there in late 2014, the change also wiped out nearly all felony counts for marijuana possession, regardless of amount, said District Attorney Rob Patridge. In filing no more than misdemeanor counts, “we were just abiding by what the Legislature tells us at this point,” said Patridge, who chairs the state board that regulates marijuana in Oregon. “I've certainly gotten a lot of calls today about someone running around with 100 pounds of marijuana.”
In court records filed with the charges, Huckaby was accused of presenting “several indicators of criminal activity” after police stopped him. A search followed, turning up the “high quality” marijuana.
Huckaby remained held Tuesday afternoon in the county jail in lieu of $15,000 bail. Their attorney, Phil Studenberg, said if the arrest had been made in another state, their client could be looking at “a prison sentence, which is just wrong on every level.”
David Huckaby
Huckaby joined the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra in late 2009, having graduated from the Juilliard School in New York City with a master's degree. They left the orchestra in 2013 and moved to Southern California, where they performed as recently as August in Los Angeles.
According to their SPCO online biography, Huckaby has performed live on National Public Radio's “From the Top” young artists' program, and toured in Italy and France with the North Carolina International Music Program Chamber Orchestra and in China as principal of the Juilliard Orchestra.
Their criminal history includes a drunken-driving conviction in 2010 in Ramsey County.
The Government contacted the United States military last week about the use of an Irish Tricolour on the website of the US-led military campaign against Islamic State.
The flag was one of more than 60 that appeared alongside images of fighter jets and battlefield scenes on the homepage of Operation Inherent Resolve, the US military's name for the military intervention against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
Responding to a query from The Irish Times, the Department of Foreign Affairs said Ireland “has not and will not” participate in international military action against Isis. “Our flag should not be used in this context and we are following up,” a spokesperson said. The flag was removed within five days.
Important contributions
Asked earlier about Ireland's work for the coalition, a spokesperson for US Central Command (Centcom) said Ireland had made “important contributions” and was considered “an important part” of the coalition of states working to defeat Islamic State, also known as Isis. Centcom said that for more information on these contributions the query would have to be referred to the Department of Defence in Dublin.
Ireland belongs to a coalition of 67 states formed in September 2014 to coordinate work on a number of fronts, including military operations, halting the flow of foreign fighters, cutting off Islamic State's access to funding and providing humanitarian relief. Members are not expected to contribute to all aspects, a Department of Foreign Affairs spokesperson said,
The spokesperson said Ireland's involvement focused on humanitarian coordination and the effort to stem the flow of foreign fighters. “Ireland does not have any Defence Forces or other personnel attached to Operation Inherent Resolve and none of the money Ireland has pledged as part of the broad coalition has gone towards the anti-Isis military campaign,” the spokesperson said.
The Department of Defence said no Defence Forces personnel were involved.
Ijaz Butt: "We feel the media in certain countries is biased and not fair. We feel august cricket bodies are also involved in this conspiracy" © AFP
In an extraordinary outburst, PCB chairperson Ijaz Butt has pointed a finger at the English cricketers for their role in the batting collapse that cost England the ODI at Oval and said the board was investigating a conspiracy, involving "august cricket bodies", to defraud Pakistan and Pakistan cricket.
In a prepared statement read out to ESPNcricinfo - and repeated on Pakistan TV channels - a day after the ICC started a formal investigation into Pakistan's win in the third ODI at The Oval, they also launched thinly-veiled attacks on the ICC, some cricket boards and the media.
"This is not a conspiracy to defraud bookies but a conspiracy to defraud Pakistan and Pakistan cricket," Butt said. "We have taken it in hand to start our own investigations. We will shortly reveal the names of the people, the parties and the bodies involved in this sinister conspiracy and we also reserve the right to sue them for damages.
"There is loud and clear talk in bookie circles that some English players have taken enormous amounts of money to lose the match [the third ODI]. No wonder there was such a collapse."
When asked by this reporter whether the board had any proof of the allegations regarding English players, Butt responded with a question: "Did you ask the other people who made allegations against our players whether they had any proof? What did they say? We have thought about this properly and we have positive proofs here before us just like they say they have also."
Butt then concluded their statement: "We feel the media in certain countries is biased and not fair. We feel august cricket bodies are also involved in this conspiracy, which will damage the great game of cricket."
The statement is an extension of the one the board released late on Saturday indicating its unhappiness with the way the ICC handled the Oval allegations. Nobody in the Pakistan board was informed by the ICC that an official investigation was being launched; the chairperson, the team manager and the captain only learned of it through media reports.
An ICC spokesperson told ESPNcricinfo they tried to contact Butt all through Friday but their phone was unavailable. "On Saturday morning [after the ICC press release was sent out] we came to know that Mr Butt was in Dubai. Haroon Lorgat [the ICC chief executive] sought out and met Butt in Dubai on Saturday evening and discussed matters of mutual interest," they said.
However, there is no indication that the ICC tried to contact anyone else in the PCB, nor tried to reach Butt - who was in New Delhi after meeting the ICC president Sharad Pawar - through any number other than their Pakistan mobile.
The PCB also seems unhappy with the official implication that Pakistan's batsmen were under the scanner. Though the ICC didn't point the finger at Pakistan in their statement - though The Sun did so in their report - the subsequent statement from the ECB confirmed that no English players were involved.
"One statement from a very august official of the ICC said no, only Pakistan players were involved," Butt said, though they refused to elaborate.
Butt also refused to give more details of the nature of the board's investigation, though they said it had already begun. "I will be revealing names of people and organisations who are involved in this, so I don't want to comment more on the investigations just now. Details will come out only once our investigations are complete."
Butt's comments may well signal the final nail in the coffin of the PCB's relationship with the ICC, if they have not completely broken down already. Under Butt's tenure, the two have clashed consistently. In 2009, the PCB threatened to take the ICC to court after Pakistan was removed as a venue from the 2011 World Cup, following the Lahore terror attacks on Sri Lanka in March. The dispute was resolved out of court but tensions have simmered consistently since.
They boiled over again in the aftermath of allegations of spot-fixing during the fourth Test at Lord's. The ICC provisionally suspended the three players at the centre of the scandal, Salman Butt, Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir, after the Pakistan board refused to do so. At a press conference in Lahore soon after they returned, the board chairperson expressed their unhappiness with the ICC's decision while a police investigation was still ongoing against the three.
Butt then went to Delhi to discuss the investigation and allegations with Sharad Pawar, the ICC president. They travelled on Saturday to Dubai, the ICC HQ, though it is unclear whether they have met with officials there. They said, however, that they would raise these issues at the next ICC meeting, on October 11.
Osman Samiuddin is Pakistan editor of Cricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Internet Ancient History Sourcebook:
Rome
See Main Page for a guide to all contents of all sections.
Contents
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
Back to Index
- Back to Index
Bac- Index
Back to Index
Gender and Sexuality
Tacitus (b.56/57-after 117 CE): The Murder of Pedanius Secundus (Annals 14)[At Michigan]On the murder of a slave-owner by their slave, possibly because of erotic jealously. The - senate addresses whether all the slaves in the house should be killed.
Back to Index
WEB
NOTES: Dates of accession of material added since July 1998- be seen in the New Additions page. The date of inception was 4/8/1998. Links to files at other site are indicated by [At some indication of the site name or location]. Locally available texts are marked by [At this Site].indicates a link to one of small number of high quality web sites which provide either more texts or an especially valuable overview.
Journalism has gone a long way since its beginnings and now virtually everything around us is a potential source for a story. We base our articles on Twitter posts, Facebook entries, and so on. Although this wide array of information can come in handy at times, it can also result in stories that aren't or can't be checked thoroughly, and the Chinese government seems to take the latter quite seriously. This is probably why the Cyberspace Administration of China decided this weekend to ban news sites from using social media as a source, according to Engadget. Well, not completely, but they can't post any news based on information coming from social media before thoroughly checking the story.
So far, the asupervisorstioned administration only issued a warning to news sites, but it definitely has a threatening tone, which means that it's highly likely that there will be serious consequences if journalists continue to deliver stories that haven't been checked and that are only based on someone's social media profile, or posts. It's true that these measures aim to ensure more objective news, but we have to admit that there is a quite high level of censorship hidden in these instructions also.
Of course, this is not the only way the Chinese government is planning on controlling the content that reaches their citizens. According to an older article by Engadget, the government is also working on a set of laws that would control the content posted on Chinese sites even further, and it would ban foreign new sites from publishing stories without them being checked first by the designated officials of the Chinese state. According to Chinese officials, these measures weren't only taken in order to ensure the objectivity and reliability of new sites, they are also meant to ensure the security of the state. The fact that untrue rumors are going to be stopped by spreading through the internet, thanks to the recent regulations, the Chinese government is also trying to ensure the psychologic peace of the population. Given the fact that a great number of foreign sites, including Google and Facebook, are currently blocked in China, the population there really can't be affected by the rumors circulating on these sites.
The comedian found themselves singled out for a particularly egregious campaign of racially charged slurs, many of which they retweeted from their account
Comedian Leslie Jones, who stars in the new Ghostbusters movie, has become the latest victim in Twitter's struggle to control abusive speech on its platform.
Ghostbusters' Leslie Jones: ‘The US is the most depressed nation in the world and I blame comedians' Read more
A 2014 study by the think tank Demos focusing on a nine-day period in November 2012 found “approximately 10,000 uses per day of racist and ethnic slur terms”, of which 500-2,000 were directed at individuals.
And the new Ghostbusters reboot has become a particular focal point for misogynist abuse because of its female cast, leading to an orchestrated online campaign to make the trailer the most disliked in YouTube history.
But following the film's opening weekend, Jones found themselves singled out for a particularly egregious campaign of racially charged slurs, many of which they retweeted from their account.
In a stream of tweets on Monday evening, Jones addressed the attacks directly. “It's so sad, most of these comments sound like they are from ignorant children,” they said. “You have to hate yourself to put out that type of hate. I mean on my worst day I can't think of this type of hate to put out.”
Why Ghostbros on Twitter are monstering my Ghostbusters review Read more
“I don't know how to feel. I'm numb. Actually numb. I see the words and pics and videos. Videos y'all. Meaning people took time to spew hate,” they continued. “I used to wonder why some celebs don't have Twitter accts now I know. You can't be nice and communicate with fans cause people crazy.”
Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) I'm more human and real than you fucking think.I work my ass off. I'm not different than any of you who has a dream to do what they love.
Jones said that they were considering quitting the social media platform in March, when they first began being targeted by trolls, but they were entreated to stay by Paul Feig, who directed the film.
Paul Feig (@paulfeig) Don't leave us, @Lesdoggg. You are a goddess & one of the warmest funniest forces of nature I know. Fuck the haters. https://t.co/rwh8CIxCk4
On Monday, in response to the latest wave of abuse, Feig tweeted: “Leslie Jones is one of the greatest people I know. Any personal attacks against them are attacks against us all,” and encouraged people to tweet their support for Jones under the hashtag #LoveForLeslieJ.
When the Guardian gave the film four stars in its review, the reviewer came under fire online by people saying that they had “played it safe to stay politically correct”.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey responded to Jones on Twitter on Monday night, and Twitter then released a statement.
Jack (@jack) @Lesdoggg Hi Leslie, following, please DM me when you have a moment
“This type of abusive behavior is not permitted on Twitter, and we've taken action on many of the accounts reported to us by both Leslie and others,” said a spokesperson.
“We rely on people to report this type of behavior to us but we are continuing to invest heavily in improving our tools and enforcement systems to prevent this kind of abuse. We realize we still have a lot of work in front of us before Twitter is where it should be on how we handle these issues.”
The Octopus Project Electric Owl, Vancouver, BC, November 13
Photo: Caily DiPuma
Published Nov 14, 2012
7
Experimental pop quartet the Octopus Project looked the part of an early '60s Joe Meek band. The three male members all wore white button-down shirts with skinny black ties and dress pants, while Yvonne Lambert wore a flirty, Betsey Johnson-esque olive and purple floral-print sweetheart dress, their hair in a perfect bob with a flip. As they took the stage, Yvonne's husband Josh Lambert proudly stated they were from Austin (a place so nice they said it twice), as they thanked the shockingly modest crowd for coming and beckoned them closer to the stage.Like Meek's groundbreaking projects, the Octopus Project employ a mix of electronics and go-for-broke rock, though their style leans more towards post-rock forms than the perfect three-minute pop song. Yet there was a level of casual theatricality in their presentation, from their classic look and engaged stage presence to their chameleon abilities. There's no true leader of this band. Movement on the stage was nearly constant, during and between songs. All four members exchanged instruments throughout the set and rarely sang. This made the distinction of a front-person moot, forging the group as a complete unit worth more than the sum of its parts.Though Yvonne didn't take a turn on drums, they moved between bass, guitar and sampler like most everyone else, but they were most bewitching behind a Moog Etherwave Pro Theremin. Them arms cocked near the volume and pitch antennas, the fingers on their right hand crooked and toying with the air around the pitch to add vibrato to the feminine-sounding oscillator tone. They were a vision of Clara Rockmore if only Rockmore had rocked more. The band's Ryan Figg was particularly animated when on guitar as well, while Toto Miranda bludgeoned the kit into submission.There was a highly improvisatory feel to their set, with some efforts to transition between material ending rather abruptly while others hit the ethereal sweet spot. The element of risk involved was part of the thrill of seeing them do their thing. This group were unassumingly high energy, letting loose while maintaining focus on their collective effort, incorporate the occasional noise explosion into their paisley psych sound.Josh unleashed a string of thank-you's before the last song of their main set, hammering home how genuine their enthusiasm was. Returning to the stage, coyly asking if the crowd wanted to hear another song, the group came back for the encore to perform "Porno Disaster," which Yvonne claimed was their mom's favourite song. The rather sinister Jamaican bounce of the track, first recorded for 2002's, was a suitably swanky way to bring the evening to a close.
Pope Francis elevates 17 new cardinals during the November 19, 2016 consistory in St. Peter's Basilica. (Daniel Ibanez/CNA)
Pope to Skip Holding Pre-Consistory Meeting With Cardinals?
As with the previous consistory of new cardinals, the Pope appears to have decided against a meeting with members of the College of Cardinals.
For the second time in a row, it appears Pope Francis won't be convening a meeting of cardinals ahead of next Wednesday's consistory for the creation of five new red hats.
In a statement released today, the Vatican only gave details of the consistory for the creation of new cardinals, a courtesy visit, and Mass on the Solemnity of the Saints Apostles Peter and Paul the following day, during which they will impose the Pallia on new bishops.
The traditional pre-consistory meeting is an opportunity for the Pope to consult with members of the College of Cardinals, most of whom will be in Rome for the creation of new princes of the Church. Their role is to act as their closest advisors as well as elect their successor.
Ahead of their earlier consistories, in February 2014 and February 2015, Francis held such meetings. They took place in the Synod Hall, lasted two full days, and were an opportunity for the Pope to hear about issues and concerns from around the world, as well as update the cardinals on Vatican-related issues and those of the universal Church.
For a pope to skip holding a pre-consistory meeting is rare. Benedict dropped such a gathering ahead of their last cardinal-making consistory in November 2012, during which they created six new cardinals, but they held them for their other four.
The Holy See Press Office has not responded to questions about whether the meeting would be going ahead, but sources say they may meet some cardinals individually.
At the previous consistory last November, the Pope is thought to have preferred to avoid a confrontation with the four dubia cardinals who were allegedly planning to resubmit the dubia at the meeting, or at least bring up the topic.
Aware that the cardinals had written again a couple of months ago requesting an audience, and having not responded, the Pope may have decided again to avoid any encounter, although as with Benedict in 2012, it may have been due to the small number of new cardinals.
In a statement issued today, the Vatican said that on June 28, at 4pm, the Holy Father will hold an Ordinary Public Consistory for the creation of new cardinals, “for the imposition of the beretta, the consignment of the ring and the assignment of the title or diaconate.”
The consistory will be followed by a courtesy visit to the new cardinals from 6-8pm in the Atrium of the Paul VI Hall, during which members of the public can meet and greet the five new princes of the Church.
At 9.30am the following day, on the Solemnity of the Saints Apostles Peter and Paul, the Holy Father will bless the holy Pallia to be imposed upon the new metropolitan archbishops, and will celebrate the Holy Mass of the Solemnity of the Saints Apostles Peter and Paul.
As we and others have reported, Snapchat is now worth close to $1 billion based on its latest round of funding, a valuation that baffles some and no doubt irritates others. After all, it's just an app for sharing photos and videos that are programmed to disappear after a certain amount of time. Why has that proven to be so interesting, to the point where the growth of Snapchat's user base rivals that of Instagram in its early days? Maybe we should be asking instead why more of our social content doesn't do the same thing.
Before anyone rushes to point out that Snapchat pictures and videos don't really disappear after their brief lifespan is up, it's true that there are ways to save the content if you really want to: not only can you take a screenshot of the image with your phone with a little bit of work (something that used to trigger an alert on iPhones but may no longer do so with the latest version of Apple's iOS, as my colleague Erica Ogg points out) but you can also in some cases recover deleted photos and videos from a device.
Advertisement
Why is all our activity so permanent?
All that said, however, Snapchat content comes as close to being deleted as anything we do on social networks or even on our phones. And there is clearly a massive interest in doing this, to the point where the service says that users are now sending more than 200 million pieces of content a day.
In a recent blog post on the idea of “disposable media,” Net Jacobsson — an early Facebook staffer who now invests in and advises technology startups — raised an interesting point about the permanence of much of our social-media behavior, which is stored and indexed and preserved by the networks we use. Having our ephemeral conversations and updates treated this way is unlike the way we treat virtually every other form of human communication:
“When you sit and chat with a couple of friends at a cafe, restaurant or bar etc, there is no permanent record of what you say. True, your friends might be witnesses to what you say, perhaps even passersby. At most, bits and pieces of the conversation might turn in to gossip and hearsay but there is where it stops. There's no permanent record. On social networks this is obviously not true. Anything you express or write will have a permanent record.”
The idea that nothing is ever forgotten on the internet has become a truism — something we ruefully refer to whenever we read about someone who has lost a job because of a photo they posted of their youthful indiscretions, or been disciplined because of a remark on social media. And the permanence of that information was just reinforced by a legal opinion from an advisor to the European Court of Justice, who said Google should not have to remove content because of a so-called “right to be forgotten.”
A growing desire for impermanence
Jacobsson says they have suggested to both Twitter and Facebook that they implement some kind of similar feature (Facebook actually launched an app called Poke that was a virtual copy of Snapchat, but it hasn't really taken off with many users). And as I argued in an earlier post about Snapchat, I think they are right that much of the appeal of the service comes from the fact that there is so little impermanence in our online lives — and even less now that the NSA is storing our emails and phone calls.
“It seems like in this age of over exposure of our private lives, perhaps people are getting weary about the long trail of record left behind of something that was supposed to be private and intimate from the outset? Will this give rise to a sea of new applications and features? Perhaps we are seeing the rise of disposable media?”
Although Jacobsson doesn't mention it, the most compelling reason why many services likely haven't implemented the same kind of disposable approach is that they rely — at least to some extent — on mining the information about the content and activity of their users to do things like serve up advertising (something that probably won't work well in an environment like Snapchat's).
As the old saying goes, if you aren't paying for the product then you are the product. And while allowing your content and activity to disappear may be in your interests as a user, it's not really in the network's interest.
Post and thumbnail images courtesy of Shutterstock / Reiner Plendl and Flickr user Balakov
Today federal agents, assisted by local police, staged the biggest crackdown on marijuana dispensaries in Colorado since the state legalized cannabis for medical use in 2000. The Denver Post reports that the raids hit more than a dozen dispensaries in the Denver area, plus businesses in Boulder and elsewhere.
Jeff Dorschner, a spokesperson for John Walsh, the U.S. attorney for Colorado, said the operation "comports with the Department's recent guidance regarding marijuana enforcement matters." The August 29 memo to which Dorschner refers indicated that the feds would not interfere with marijuana businesses that comply with state law unless their activities implicated one or more of these eight "enforcement priorities": 1) "preventing the distribution of marijuana to minors," 2) "preventing the diversion of marijuana from states where it is legal under state law in some form to other states," 3) "preventing drugged driving and the exacerbation of other adverse public health consequences associated with marijuana use," 4) "preventing the growing of marijuana on public lands," 5) "preventing marijuana possession or use on federal property," 6) "preventing revenue from the sale of marijuana from going to criminal enterprises," 7) "preventing violence and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of marijuana," and 8) "preventing state-authorized marijuana activity from being used as a cover or pretext for the trafficking of other illegal drugs."
Which of those concerns triggered today's raids? Walsh's office won't say, at least not yet. "Although we cannot at this time discuss the substance of this pending investigation," Dorschner said in a written statement, "there are strong indications that more than one of the eight federal prosecution priorities identified in the Department of Justice's August guidance memo are potentially implicated."
The raids come just six weeks before Colorado's state-licensed pot shops are scheduled to start selling marijuana for recreational use. But industry leaders seem to be viewing their competitors' legal troubles with equanimity. "Really, I see enforcement actions happening as a sign our industry is maturing and this program is working," Mike Elliott, president of the Medical Marijuana Industry Group (MMIG), told the Post, although they did add that "it's important to remember people are innocent until proven guilty." MMIG board member Andy Williams, who runs Denver's Medicine Man dispensary, appeared pleased as well. "I want the bad actors gone, quite honestly," they said.
Mason Tvert, who co-managed Colorado's legalization campaign and now works for the Marijuana Policy Project, was a bit more wary. "The Justice Department said it would respect states' rights to regulate marijuana, and that it would not go after businesses as long as they are complying with state laws," they said. "We hope they are sticking to their word and not interfering with any state-regulated, law-abiding businesses." Rob Corry, a Denver attorney and marijuana activist, told the Post: "The DOJ needs to explain in a logical fashion why they are picking and choosing, going after only some of these entities when every one of them selling marijuana is running afoul of the federal law."
These raids are an unusually aggressive move by Walsh, who until now had mostly contented themselves with shutting down dispensaries they deemed too close to schools by sending them threatening letters. But the Justice Department's new policy regarding state-legal marijuana businesses leaves a lot of leeway for prosecutorial discretion. If I were a dispensary owner planning to get into the newly legal recreational market, I would pay careful attention to Walsh's explanation, assuming they ever offers one, of exactly how businesses such as VIP Cannabis crossed the Justice Department's faintly marked red lines.
BITCOIN, a "cryptocurrency" that has all the financial world talking, has had a crazy few days. Bitcoins have always been volatile, but over the past week the currency went on a tear, rising to close to $300 dollars, before plunging, losing some 60% of their value in the space of a few hours. Felix Salmon considers the carnage and writes:
Bitcoin is clearly not an effective store of wealth — just look at how quickly that wealth can be evaporated. Neither is it a useful payments mechanism, given how fast its value can fluctuate. Currently, it can take an hour for a bitcoin transaction to clear, which means that the value of the transaction when it clears can be radically different from its value at inception. Bitcoin only works for payments if you can be reasonably sure that its value will remain reasonably steady for at least the next hour or so.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
I'm going to play the pedant and note that this isn't quite right. The dollar is one of history's most successful currencies, I think it's fair to say, and yet it, like virtually every floating currency, is prone to wild volatility. In the late 1990s, the trade-weighted dollar soared nearly 50%. It then turned on a dime, dropping 30%. Then, in a matter of weeks in late 2008 it jumped nearly 20%. Once again, that's the trade-weighted dollar, not an individual currency pair (which can be much more crazily volatile).
Now over long time horizons those swings can have substantial macroeconomic impacts. But on a scale of weeks or months or even a year or two the average American has almost no idea that such movements are occurring nor do they care. And that's because America is a massive economy, in which trade is a relatively small share of GDP, in which everyone is paid in dollars and in which everything is priced in dollars. Foreign exchange volatility matters only to the extent that the exchanges you care about have a foreign component.
Now in Bitcoinia (as we might call the Bitcoin economy) that means volatility currently matters very much. Almost every good one can purchase with Bitcoins is actually priced in dollars and sold at a Bitcoin price reflecting the prevailing exchange rate. So there is almost no Bitcoin frame of reference independent of the Bitcoin-dollar exchange rate. Bitcoinia mostly lacks internal supply chains, in which contracts for intermediate goods are denominated and settled in Bitcoins. People aren't taking home Bitcoin paycheques. To put things simply: every good in Bitcoinia is an import and every job must be offshored. In that kind of economy, exchange-rate volatility matters a very great deal indeed.
But just because that's how Bitcoinia operates now doesn't mean that's how it will operate always and forever. The more purchasing power there is in Bitcoinia, the greater the incentive there is to cater to Bitcoinian demand. The more transactions there are in Bitcoinia, the more entrepreneurs will want to hedge their exposure to foreign exchange volatility by paying suppliers or employees in the same currency they're accepting as payment. And Bitcoin wage payments reinforce the demand for goods and services that can be purchased with Bitcoins. The greater the ability one has to buy and sell what one needs exclusively within Bitcoinia, the less foreign-exchange volatility matters.
Whether Bitcoinia actually attains that critical mass is very much an open question, and I certainly have my doubts. In early days volatility does matter a great deal, and huge swings against other currencies may kill the Bitcoin economy in its cradle. One might recommend a bit of macroeconomic management to create enough to stability to allow the critical mass to build, but centralised management is very much what Bitcoin is not about. Sceptical as Bitcoinistas may be of the value of central banking, it has developed as it has for a very, very good reason. And if the Bitcoin economy manages to come up with a completely decentralised way to stabilise itself without that top-down maintenance, well, that would be something very interesting indeed. More probable: either Bitcoinia will remain a small, fringe economy thanks to inherent instability, or a stabilising financial structure will somehow grow within it. And then one day we just might see a Bitcoinian J.P. Morgan gathering Bitcoinia's financial eminences into a virtual office to cooperate in an effort to stave on looming financial panic...
Another week, and another set of Republicans have endorsed Hillary Clinton. Is it because of existential threat of Donald Trump, or could it be because many of Clinton's potential policies conveniently line up with theirs?
Longtime Republican foreign policy stalwart and Iraq warmonger Robert Kagan became the latest neoconservative to endorse Clinton for president last week. They have even offered to host a fundraiser on their behalf, as Foreign Policy Magazine first reported on Thursday. Kagan has followed the likes of former Bush deputy secretary of state Richard Armitage and a slew of lower-profile officials in their endorsement of Clinton over Trump.
Now, it's entirely possible that these Republicans are endorsing Clinton because Trump is an unhinged maniac who has given people of all political persuasions plenty of reason to not want them anywhere near the levers of power. But here's the thing: the neocon love affair with Clinton started well before Trump was even in the discussion of Republican candidates, let alone the party's likely nominee.
Several neoconservatives have spent years gushing about Clinton's penchant for supporting basically every foreign war or military escalation in the last decade, including Kagan, who said in 2014: “I feel comfortable with them on foreign policy ... If they pursue a policy which we think they will pursue, it's something that might have been called neocon, but clearly their supporters are not going to call it that; they are going to call it something else.”
Them campaign hasn't really deviated from that position, either. While she's hit Trump for being too erratic and dangerous a man to have in charge of the nuclear codes, they also promised more ground troops in the fight against Isis, expressed support for a no-fly zone in Syria (effectively a declaration of war against Assad) and called for more weapons for various rebels in the region.
Just this past weekend, we learned yet another lesson about what constant military intervention in the Middle East has gotten us: one more disaster where untold numbers of US guns and weapons fell into the hands of the people we are fighting. The New York Times reported that the classified CIA program that armed and trained Syrian rebels directly fighting Assad – a policy Clinton pushed for while in the Obama administration and that they have subsequently said we should expand – led to the systematic stealing of millions of dollars of US weapons, which were then sold on the black market and even contributed to the killing of Americans.
On the economic front, Hank Paulson – former Goldman Sachs chief and the man who oversaw the financial collapse and economic bailout as George W Bush's treasury secretary – put themselves firmly in the #NeverTrump camp while also endorsing Clinton in a Washington Post op-ed. After talking about Trump's business acumen (or lack thereof) and Trump's appeal to ignorance, Paulson says this: “I find it particularly appalling that Trump, a business person, tells us they won't touch social security, Medicare and Medicaid.”
Really? There are many “particularly appalling” things about Trump: that they congratulated themselves upon the Orlando terrorist attack, has called for a ban on all Muslim immigrants, that they insinuated Barack Obama was working with Isis, and so on. But pledging to keep economic and health programs that tens of millions of Americans rely on is not one of them.
To be fair, Clinton has strengthened their wishy-washy language about protecting Social Security somewhat since early in their campaign (after being pressed on it by Bernie Sanders during the Democratic debates). But with the Clinton camp planning on pushing for more Republican endorsements, it does leave open the question: if Paulson is so appalled by Trump's alleged positions on Medicare and social security, do they think Clinton is more likely to “reform” – ie cut – them too?
In any case, the fact that Republicans may have ulterior motivations for endorsing Clinton, even as their campaign pushes for more of them, is a prime reason why progressives should not abandon criticizing Clinton when they disagree with them Holding them accountable for their positions in the general election is vital, even while everyone also loudly denounces Trump.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
I'm a wannabe “cord cutter,” forever thwarted. I would have canceled my Comcast cable TV service years ago if it were up to me. I am married, though, and my wife has veto power over decisions like this.
She's hooked on such basic-cable shows as “House Hunters International,” “Love It or List It,” and the suspiciously handsome “Property Brothers” on the HGTV channel. They love having an on-demand archive of their favorite programs via Comcast's X1 service, too.
But my case for ditching cable became stronger with a new Internet streaming video service called Sling TV. Aimed squarely at cord cutters, it offers an array of basic-cable channels for $20 per month, with no contractual obligation. No cable or satellite TV service is required (an interesting arrangement, since Sling TV is owned by satellite provider Dish Network).
Do you like sports? Sling TV offers ESPN. How about cooking? Sling TV users get the Food Network and the Cooking Channel. For news junkies, there's CNN and Bloomberg Television. Kids can load up the Disney Channel, and Spanish-speaking households like mine can watch Galavisión.
Sling TV has roughly 30 channels, running the gamut from travel and home repair to general-interest programming on such popular channels as TNT and TBS, with more on the way. Sling TV recently announced that it will add AMC, home of “The Walking Dead” and the “Breaking Bad” spinoff “Better Call Saul,” along with Univisión, another Latino channel. And, yes, Sling TV has HGTV for my wife.
Sling TV also offers add-on channel tiers. For an extra $5 per month, sports fans can expand from ESPN and ESPN2 to a total of 11 sports channels, including the SEC Network and several other ESPN channels. There are also $5 bundles for kids and news junkies. But you are out of luck if you crave Lifetime, A&E, USA, BET, MTV, Bravo, Spike, SyFy, TLC, the History Channel, the Weather Channel, C-Span, Telemundo, Nickelodeon, and many others.
All supported channels are live, just as they are via a cable or satellite provider, and some also include on-demand access to recently aired episodes. CNN is only viewable live, so I can't record new episodes of Anthony Bourdain's “Parts Unknown”, but I can watch old episodes of their previous show, “No Reservations,” on the Travel Channel. Live programs can't be paused, rewound, or fast-forwarded, but archived shows can be. There are no DVR features for recording video for later playback, unlike my Comcast X1 service.
Archived content is limited compared to, say, the on-demand programming available from Comcast (some of it free but much not). While Comcast gives me archives going back seasons, Sling TV provides only recently aired shows.
Sling TV has one major omission: no basic broadcast channels are included. But this is simple to remedy for many people with a rooftop antenna that pulls in those channels in pristine, uncompressed high definition, and for free.
Sling TV also provides a selection of rental movies, such as “Fury,” “Lucy,” and “Guardians of the Galaxy,” much as Google's Play store, Apple's iTunes Store, Wal-Mart's Vudu, and others have long done. As with those others, you pay for films individually; they aren't included in the monthly fee. No one will join Sling for access to the movies.
But that may change. Sling TV earlier this month said it will soon add the EPIX network with four new channels and 2,000 more video-on-demand titles. The EPIX service will also cost an extra monthly fee, which hasn't yet been announced.
Best of all, Sling TV is viewable on just about any device.
The service has iOS and Android apps, along with Mac and Windows applications. Users of recent Roku streaming-video TV boxes get access, and Sling TV has just added compatibility with the Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. Microsoft Xbox One and Google Nexus Player compatibility is coming soon. Devices that are not yet Sling TV-compatible include the Apple TV and Google's Chromecast streaming stick.
Taking Sling TV for a Spin — I tried out Sling TV on an iPhone 6 Plus, an iPad Air 2, and a MacBook Air with no major problems. I also installed the service on a Windows PC, an Android-based Google Nexus 9 tablet, a Roku 3 streaming box, and both of Amazon's Fire TV devices. Sling TV generally worked dependably for me, with very little buffering and lag, and only a couple of cryptic errors that forced app restarts.
Sling TV's interface is nearly identical across the range of compatible computers, mobile devices and TV streamers. It features a basic design with two side-scrolling menus: one for channels and, just below that, another for shows on each channel. This worked reasonably well with both mouse-driven and touch-based platforms, but it felt a bit clunky with the Roku and Fire TV remotes, and the side-scrolling design tested my patience everywhere since I was constantly navigating through dozens of channels.
On computers and mobile devices, a drop-down menu on the upper right eased my pain a bit by dividing channels into four categories: sports, entertainment, news, and family.
On the upper left there is a second drop-down menu for shifting between Sling TV's television and movie listings.
Navigation is slightly different on a TV. On the Fire TV remote, for instance, you tap the menu button to navigate to the movie section, a search engine, and more.
Streaming quality on my computers and mobile gadgets tended to be decent if not HD-pristine via my Comcast broadband and Wi-Fi router. Quality took a hit on my TV, via either Roku or Fire TV, but it was hard for me to tell whether Sling TV or my Wi-Fi network was to blame. I suspect the latter since my living room has tended to be a Wi-Fi problem area and I've had trouble with other services too. (That said, TidBITS Managing Editor Josh Centers has also seen poor video quality with Sling TV, even with a wired connection.)
Sling TV is supposed to save your place when viewing a show on one device, so you can pick up where you left off on another gadget later, but I found this to work imperfectly.
I also had a devil of a time remaining logged in to Sling TV on certain devices, such as my iPad and Roku. My multi-device use may have accounted for some of this misbehavior. The service doesn't allow simultaneous access on multiple devices, so forget about sharing credentials with friends and family, HBO Go-style.
Login problems aside, the iPad Air 2 struck me as the perfect environment for full Sling TV enjoyment with its Retina display, flawless touch interaction, high portability, and nice audio. I suspect Sling TV was conceived with Apple's tablet primarily in mind.
Is It Worth It? — Sling TV is affordably priced at $20 a month for its core channels, and even the $5 add-on bundles are reasonable, but the service has to be a good fit content-wise. If you like the channels the service has, you'll be tempted to take the leap. My wife and I have no interest in the ESPN channels (the biggest selling point) and its other shows are a mixed bag, so Sling TV is not a slam dunk for us in that regard.
We'd definitely save money, though. Our Comcast bill comes to $175 a month with cable TV, broadband, and telephone service bundled together. If I canceled the cable TV part of the bundle, I'd pay only $70 a month, or $90 with broadband plus Sling TV.
We'd take a hit in terms of features, however, if we threw in our lot with Sling TV. Comcast's X1 service provides a DVR along with a wealth of on-demand video, a powerful search engine with autocomplete, and movie and TV-episode purchases or rentals, plus pause, rewind and fast-forward for live TV.
Sling TV doesn't compete well with Comcast X1 at any level other than price. It has no DVR options, a weak search engine, clunkier navigation, and much less on-demand content. When push comes to shove, my wife is more than willing to pay more for Comcast's superior service, and so we will keep doing so. How that comparison works out for you, only you can say.
But, as I said earlier, I would have canceled cable a long time ago if it were just up to me, and that was before Sling TV came on the scene. Sling TV makes the cord-cutting scenario all the more alluring, and I'm sure many others will feel the same way.
RackN revisits OpenStack deployments with an eye on ongoing operations.
I've been an outspoken skeptic of a Joint OpenStack Kubernetes Environment (my OpenStack BCN preso, Super User follow-up and BOS Proposal) because I felt that the technical hurdles of cloud native architecture would prove challenging. Issues like stable service positioning and persistent data are requirements for OpenStack and hard problems in Kubernetes.
I was wrong: I underestimated how fast these issues could be addressed.
The Kubernetes Helm work out of the AT&T Comm Dev lab takes on the integration with a “do it the K8s native way” approach that the RackN team finds very effective. In fact, we've created a fully integrated Digital Rebar deployment that lays down Kubernetes using Kargo and then adds OpenStack via Helm. The provisioning automation includes a Ceph cluster to provide stateful sets for data persistence.
This joint approach dramatically reduces operational challenges associated with running OpenStack without taking over a general purpose Kubernetes infrastructure for a single task.
Given the rise of SRE thinking, the RackN team believes that this approach changes the field for OpenStack deployments and will ultimately dominate the field (which is already mainly containerized). There is still work to be completed: some complex configuration is required to allow both Kubernetes CNI and Neutron to collaborate so that containers and VMs can cross-communicate.
We are looking for companies that want to join in this work and fast-track it into production. If this is interesting, please contact us at sre@rackn.com.
Why should you sponsor? Current OpenStack operators facing “fork-lift upgrades” should want to find a path like this one that ensures future upgrades are baked into the plan. This approach provide a fast track to a general purpose, enterprise grade, upgradable Kubernetes infrastructure.
Closing note from my past presentations: We're making progress on the technical aspects of this integration; however, my concerns about market positioning remain.
McCain is counting on their lower taxes platform to try to make a late comeback in the polls [AFP]
McCain is counting on their lower taxes platform to try to make a late comeback in the polls [AFP]
"The choice is made easy in part by Mr McCain's disappointing campaign [and] above all their irresponsible selection of a running mate who is not ready to be president," the article read.
'Without hesitation'
The Los Angeles Times also gave its backing to Obama "without hesitation".
"As the presidential race draws to its conclusion, it is Obama's character and temperament that come to the fore. It is their steadiness. Their maturity," the editorial read.
"These are qualities American leadership has sorely lacked for close to a decade."
It held sharp criticism for McCain, saying their campaign had rendered them "nearly unrecognisable".
"John McCain distinguished themselves through much of the Bush presidency .... But the man known for their sense of honour and consistency has since announced that they wouldn't vote for their own immigration bill, and they redefined 'torture' in such a disingenuous way as to nearly embrace what they once abhorred," it read.
The Chicago Tribune came out in support of its home state senator on Friday as well, breaking with an anti-partisan policy that went back to the 19th century.
Obama momentum
The newspaper editorials add momentum to Obama, who has been leading in national polls and pushing aggressively into traditionally Republican states.
Obama addressed a rally of more than 8,000 people on Friday in the state of Virginia, which has not voted for a Democratic presidential candidate in 44 years.
Urging supporters not to become complacent by their perceived lead, they said: "I want everybody running scared.
"Over the next 18 days, other than your family and your job, I want you to make a decision that there is nothing more important than bringing about this change that we need."
The latest nationwide Gallup poll of registered voters gave Obama a seven-point lead over John McCain, their Republican rival.
Polls by CNN and Time earlier in the week showed Obama ahead in several battleground states - up five points in Colorado, eight in Florida, three in Missouri and 10 points in Virginia.
Obama aides say their campaign plans to air advertisements in conservative West Virginia, where they lost the Democratic primary to Hilary Clinton by 41 per cent, and is considering pouring money into Kentucky.
Pro-Obama ads may also return to the airwaves in North Dakota and Georgia, they said.
Steve Lombardo, a Republican pollster in Washington, said: "It appears Obama is trying to build a mandate.
"Can McCain do anything to turn it around? Doubtful."
McCain 'comeback'
McCain, who campaigned in Florida on Friday, has been seen as weak on economic issues and is pinning their hopes for a comeback on a platform for lower taxes that has come to be embodied by Samuel "Joe the Plumber" Wurzelbacher, an Ohio tradesman.
Wurzelbacher, dubbed "Joe the Plumber" by McCain following their appearance at an Obama rally, was mentioned about two dozen times in the final presidential debate last Wednesday.
The two rivals appeared on the same stage on Thursday night for perhaps the last time in the campaign at a charity dinner in New York, making jokes about themselves and each other.
Obama told the audience that their own "greatest strength would be my
humility."
"Contrary to the rumours you have heard, I was not born in a manger. I was actually born on Krypton and sent here by my father, Jor-el, to save the planet Earth,'' they said, refering to Superman, the pop-culture character.
McCain said that Obama "is ready for any contingency".
"I'm told that at the first sign of a recovery, [Obama] will suspend their campaign and fly immediately to Washington to address the crisis,'' McCain said, poking fun at their own criticised move to temporarily halt campaigning a few weeks ago over the financial turmoil, as well as Obama's perceived political benefit due to the upheaval.
This Firebird might not have left the factory with a V8, but I'm alright with that. Being an early Firebird convertible means that this car is quite desirable, but for many its inline six is a dealbreaker. It currently has a V8 installed, so if you have to have a V8 it is already there, but I think this one deserves to have its original engine reinstalled. If you know your Pontiac history you already know the original six is an over head cam design, which was very advance for its time. This engine actually has a lot of potential, with Sprint versions putting out 215 horsepower and plenty of torque. With some work this car's original six could put out decent power without the weight of a V8. Find it here on craigslist in Terre Haute, Indiana for $7,500. So would you keep the V8 or build the inline six and reinstall it into the engine bay? Special thanks to Robert R for this tip!
Birthdays:
- Rey Misterio, Sr. (born January 8, 1958)
- Bull Nakano (born January 8, 1968)
- Chris Masters (born January 8, 1983)
***
NWA Hollywood: January 8, 1969
in Los Angeles, California
- Nelson Royal & Paul Jones defeated The Medics (Medic 1 & Medic 2)
- Crybaby Cannon defeated The Preacher
- Fred Blassie defeated Pancho Valdez
- Harley Race defeated Jack Garfano
- Hahn Lee vs. The Stomper ended in a Draw
- Bobo Brazil (c) defeated Tony Romano to retain the NWA Americas Heavyweight Championship
NWA Hollywood: January 8, 1970
in Bakersfield, California
- Magnificent Maurice defeated Yucatan Kid
- Mr. Moto defeated The Oregon Lumberjack
- Rocky Johnson defeated The Great Kojika by DQ
- Roger Brown defeated Mr. Atomich by DQ
NWA Western States: January 8, 1970
in the Sports Arena in Amarillo, Texas
- Bobby Duncum vs. Jos LeDuc ends in a Draw
- Bull Ramos & Dick Murdoch defeated Ricky Romero & The Lawman
- Mr. Wrestling defeated Paul LeDuc
- The Beast defeated Gorgeous George Jr. by Count Out
- Harley Race defeated Dusty Rhodes [2:0] in a Best Two Out Of Three Falls Match
- Dick Murdoch (c) defeated The Lawman to retain the NWA Western States Brass Knuckles Championship
WWF Prime Time Wrestling: January 8, 1985
at the Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York
- Bobby Heenan defeated Salvatore Bellomo
- Angelo Mosca defeated Mr. Fuji by DQ
- Bob Orton, Jr. defeated Swede Hanson
- Roddy Piper (w/ Bob Orton, Jr.) vs. Tonga Kid (w/ Jimmy Snuka) ended in a Double DQ
- Barry Windham defeated Moondog Rex
- David Sammartino (w/ Bruno Sammartino) defeated Ken Patera (w/ Captain Lou Albano) by DQ
WWF Wrestling Challenge: January 8, 1989
at the Sundome in Tampa, Florida
- Hercules defeated Barry Horowitz
- Ronnie Garvin defeated Steve Lombardi
- King Haku (w/ Bobby Heenan) defeated Martin Roy
- The Powers of Pain (The Barbarian & The Warlord) (w/ Mr. Fuji) defeated Bob Emory & Omar Atlas
- Jim Duggan defeated Trent Knight
- Rick Rude (w/ Bobby Heenan) defeated Robin Idle
WWF Superstars of Wrestling: January 8, 1994
at the Lowell Auditorium in Lowell, Massachusetts
- Yokozuna (w/ Mr. Fuji) defeated Bert Centeno & Scott Taylor in a Two On One Handicap Match
- Jeff Jarrett defeated Rich Myers
- Bret Hart (w/ Owen Hart) defeated Mike Bell
- Razor Ramon (c) defeated Chris Duffy to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship
- Bam Bam Bigelow (w/ Luna Vachon) defeated Brian Walsh
Smoky Mountain Wrestling: January 8, 1994
- Bobby Blaze defeated The Hornet
- Killer Kyle defeated Anthony Michaels
- Tracy Smothers defeated Chris Candido
- The Heavenly Bodies (Jimmy del Ray & Tom Prichard) (c) defeated The Rock 'n' Roll Express (Ricky Morton & Robert Gibson) to retain the SMW Tag Team Championship
- Dirty White Boy defeated Brian Lee in a Street fight
WCW Saturday Night: January 8, 1994
at the Center Stage Theater in Atlanta, Georgia
- Thunder And Lightning (Lightning & Thunder) defeated Bob Cook & Bob Starr
- Dustin Rhodes defeated ???
- The Shockmaster defeated Otis Apollo
- Ice-Train defeated Johnny Stevens
- Cole Twins (Keith Cole & Kent Cole) defeated Harlem Heat (Kane & Kole)
WWF Wrestling Challenge: January 8, 1995
at the Liberty High School in Liberty, New York
- Adam Bomb defeated Duane Gill
- The Million Dollar Corporation (Bam Bam Bigelow & Tatanka) (w/ Ted DiBiase) defeated Chris Kanyon & Nick Barberry
- Aldo Montoya defeated Tony DeVito
- Kwang (w/ Harvey Wippleman) defeated Chris Avery
- Henry O. Godwinn defeated Mike Maraldo
- Razor Ramon (c) defeated Rich Myers to retain the WWF Intercontinental Championship
WCW Prime: January 8, 1996
in the Disney / MGM Studios in Orlando, Florida
- Arn Anderson & Ric Flair defeated State Patrol (Lt. James Earl & Sgt. Buddy Lee Parker)
WCW Monday Nitro: January 8, 1996
at the North Charleston Coliseum in Charleston, South Carolina
- Dark Match: Big Bubba Rogers defeated The Renegade
- Dark Match: The Nasty Boys (brian Knobbs & Jerry Sags) defeated Earl Robert Eaton & Johnny Grunge
- Chris Benoit (w/ Brian Pillman) defeated Alex Wright
- Eddie Guerrero defeated Lord Steven Regal (w/ Jeeves)
- Sting defeated Diamond Dallas Page
- Hulk Hogan & Randy Savage defeated Arn Anderson & Ric Flair
WWF Monday Night RAW: January 8, 1996
at the Bob Carpenter Center in Newark, Delaware
- Jeff Jarrett defeated Hakushi
- Ahmed Johnson defeated Jeff Brettler
- Goldust defeated Aldo Montoya
WCW Thunder: January 8, 1998
at the Ocean Center in Daytona Beach, Florida
- Randy Savage defeated Chris Adams
- Rick Martel defeated Louie Spicolli
- Hiroyoshi Tenzan defeated Michiyoshi Ohara (w/ Sonny Onoo)
- Ric Flair defeated Chris Jericho
- The Giant defeated Meng
- Bill Goldberg defeated Steve McMichael
- The Steiner Brothers (Rick Steiner & Scott Steiner) defeated Buff Bagwell & Konnan
- Ray Traylor defeated Scott Hall
- Juventud Guerrera defeated Ultimo Dragon (c) in a WCW World Cruiserweight Title Match
- Lex Luger defeated Scott Norton
- Diamond Dallas Page (c) defeated Kevin Nash by DQ in a WCW United States Heavyweight Title Match
WCW Saturday Night: January 8, 2000
at the Winthrop Coliseum in Rock Hill, South Carolina
- Curt Hennig defeated David Sierra
- Lash LeRoux defeated Al Green
- Kid Romeo defeated Mike Sanders
- Perry Saturn and Dean Malenko (w/ Shane Douglas) defeated Los Villanos (Villano IV & Villano V)
- La Parka defeated Adrian Byrd
- The Mamalukes defeated Disorderly Conduct (Mean Mike & Tough Tom)
- Booker T (w/ Midnight) defeated Chris Williams
- Disco Inferno defeated Scott Armstrong
- Crowbar and David Flair (c) defeated Steven Regal and David Taylor to retain the WCW World Tag Team Championship
CM Punk vs. Colt Cabana - Mid American Wrestling: January 8, 2000
WWF Jakked: January 8, 2000
at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida
- Steve Blackman defeated Cliff Sheets
- Crash Holly defeated Taka Michinoku
- Ivory defeated Jacqueline
- Gangrel & Mideon defeated The Head Bangers (Mosh & Thrasher)
WWF Monday Night RAW: January 8, 2001
at the San Jose Arena in San Jose, California
- Chris Jericho & The Hardy Boyz (Jeff Hardy & Matt Hardy) (w / Lita) defeated The Radicalz (Chris Benoit, Dean Malenko & Perry Saturn) (w / Terri Runnels)
- Billy Gunn defeated Val Venis in a Lumberjack match
- Jack Doan, Teddy Long & The Rock defeated Kane & Rikishi by DQ in a Three On Two Handicap Match
- Raven (c) defeated Steve Blackman to retain the WWF Hardcore Championship
- Albert & Trish Stratus defeated Test in a Two On One Handicap Match
- Steve Austin defeated Kurt Angle (c) by DQ in a WWE Championship match
WCW Monday Nitro: January 8, 2001
in the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul, Minnesota
- Chavo Guerrero Jr. defeated Shannon Moore
- Big Ron (w/ Heavy D) defeated The Cat (w/ Ms. Jones)
- Billy Kidman (w/ Konnan, Rey Mysterio Jr. & Tygress) defeated Lance Storm (w/ Elix Skipper, Major Gunns & Mike Awesome)
- Sid Vicious defeated The Franchise
- Dewayne Bruce & Goldberg defeated KroniK (Brian Adams & Bryan Clarke)
- Chuck Palumbo vs. Diamond Dallas Page & Kevin Nash defeated Sean O'Haire in a Minnesota Massacre Last Man Standing Four Way Match
- Scott Steiner (w/ Midajah) (c) defeated Jeff Jarrett to retain the WCW World Heavyweight Championship
WWE Smackdown: January 8, 2004
at the Von Braun Center in Huntsville, Alabama
- Chris Benoit defeated Chuck Palumbo and Johnny Stamboli and Nunzio in a Mini Royal Rumble Match
- The Basham Brothers (Danny Basham & Doug Basham) (c) defeated Los Guerreros (Chavo Guerrero & Eddie Guerrero) in a WWE Tag Team Title Match
- John Cena defeated The A-Train
- Rey Mysterio defeated Akio
- Tajiri defeated Nidia in a WWE Cruiserweight Title Match Contendership No # 1
- Hardcore Holly defeated The Big Show in a Street Fight
WWE Velocity: January 8, 2005
at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut
- Dark match: Paul London defeated Chris Cage
- Orlando Jordan defeated Chavo Guerrero
- Hardcore Holly defeated John Walters
- Rene Dupree defeated Nunzio
- Booker T defeated Spike Dudley
WWE Heat: January 8, 2006
at the Pepsi Arena in Albany, New York
- Chavo Guerrero defeated Snitsky
WWE New Years Revolution: January 8, 2006
at the Pepsi Arena in Albany, New York
- Dark Match: Chavo Guerrero defeated Snitsky
- Ric Flair (c) defeated Edge (with Lita) by disqualification to retain the WWE Intercontinental Championship (WATCH HERE)
- Trish Stratus (c) defeated Mickie James to retain the WWE Women's Championship
- Jerry Lawler defeated Gregory Helms
- Triple H defeated The Big Show
- Shelton Benjamin (w/ Momma Benjamin) defeated Viscera
- Ashley Massaro defeated Maria Kanellis, Torrie Wilson, Victoria, and Candice Michelle in a Gauntlet & Bra & Panties match
- John Cena (c) defeated Kurt Angle, Chris Masters, Carlito, Shawn Michaels and Kane in a Elimination Chamber match for the WWE Championship (WATCH HERE)
- Edge defeated John Cena (c) for the WWE Championship (WATCH HERE)
WWE Monday Night RAW: January 8, 2007
at the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri
- Jeff Hardy (c) defeated Kenny Dykstra to retain the WWE Intercontinental Championship
- Melina & Victoria defeated Maria & Mickie James
- Carlito (w/ Torrie Wilson) defeated Chris Masters
- Cryme Tyme (JTG & Shad Gaspard) defeated Lance Cade & Trevor Murdoch
- The Great Khali defeated John Cena by DQ
ECW on Sci-Fi: January 8, 2008
at the Wachovia Arena in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
- John Morrison & The Miz (c) vs. Jimmy Wang Yang & Shannon Moore ended in a Draw [1:1] in a WWE Tag Team Title Fifteen Minutes Of Fame Iron Man Match
- Mark Henry defeated Colin Delaney
- CM Punk defeated Chavo Guerrero by disqualification
TNA iMPACT!: January 8, 2009
in the TNA Impact Zone in Orlando, Florida
- Alex Shelley (w/ Chris Sabin) defeated Eric Young in a TNA X-Division Title Tournament Semi Final Match
- Awesome Kong (w/ Raisha Saeed, Rhaka Khan & Sojourner Bolt) defeated Madison Rayne
- Matt Morgan (w/ Abyss) defeated Robert Roode (w/ Jacqueline & James Storm)
- Consequences Creed & Jay Lethal defeated Beer Money Inc. (James Storm & Robert Roode) (w/ Jacqueline) (c) to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship
- Kurt Angle defeated BG James in a No Disqualification Match
WWE Friday Night Smackdown: January 8, 2010
at the Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky
- Dolph Ziggler defeated Kane by Countout
- Chris Jericho & The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith & Tyson Kidd) (w/ Natalya) defeated R-Truth & Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard & JTG)
- Luke Gallows (w/ CM Punk) defeated Matt Hardy
- Beth Phoenix defeated Layla (w/ Michelle McCool)
- Batista vs. Rey Mysterio ended in a no contest in a World Heavyweight #1 Contendership Match
TNA Genesis: January 8, 2012
at Impact Wrestling Zone in Orlando, Florida
- Austin Aries (c) defeated Jesse Sorensen and Kid Kash and Zema Ion in a Four Way Elimination Match to retain the TNA X-Division Championship
- Devon defeated D'Angelo Dinero (w/ Terrell & Terrence)
- Gunner defeated Rob Van Dam
- Gail Kim (w/ Madison Rayne) (c) defeated Mickie James by DQ to retain the TNA Women's Knockout Championship
- Abyss defeated Bully Ray in a Monster's Ball Match
- Crimson & Matt Morgan (c) defeated Magnus & Samoa Joe to retain the TNA World Tag Team Championship
- Kurt Angle defeated James Storm
- Jeff Hardy defeated Bobby Roode (c) by DQ in a TNA World Heavyweight Championship Match
WWE Friday Night Smackdown (tapings): January 8, 2013
at the American Airlines Arena in Miami, Florida
- Randy Orton defeated Antonio Cesaro by disqualification (WATCH HERE)
- Dolph Ziggler and AJ Lee defeated The Great Khali and Natalya (w/ Hornswoggle)
- Sheamus defeated Drew McIntyre, Heath Slater, and Jinder Mahal in a 3-on-1 Handicap match (WATCH HERE)
- Team Hell No (Kane and Daniel Bryan) defeated The Prime Time Players (Darren Young and Titus O'Neil) (WATCH HERE)
- Alberto Del Rio (w/ Ricardo Rodriguez) defeated The Big Show (c) in a Last Man Standing Match for the World Heavyweight Championship (WATCH HERE)
TNA Xplosion: January 8, 2013
in Orlando, Florida at the Universal Studios
- Mickie James & ODB defeated Madison Rayne & Tara (w/ Jesse)
- Abyss defeated Bully Ray in a Monster's Ball Match
- Austin Aries vs. Bobby Roode ended in a No Contest
WWE Main Event: January 8, 2014
at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
- Dark match: Alexander Rusev defeated Zack Ryder
- The Real Americans (Jack Swagger & Antonio Cesaro) (w/ Zeb Colter) defeated Truth and Consequences (R-Truth & Xavier Woods) (w/ (Cameron & Naomi) (WATCH HERE)
- Alberto Del Rio defeated Justin Gabriel (WATCH HERE)
- The Rhodes Dynasty (Cody Rhodes & Goldust) defeated 3MB (Jinder Mahal & Drew McIntyre) (w/ Heath Slater) (WATCH HERE)
- AJ Lee (w/ Tamina Snuka) defeated Kaitlyn (WATCH HERE)
WWE NXT: January 8, 2014
at the Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida
- Bayley (w/ Natalya) defeated Summer Rae (w/ Sasha Banks)
- Aiden English defeated Colin Cassady
- Alexander Rusev (w/ Lana) defeated Xavier Woods
- Tyson Kidd defeated Baron Corbin
- The Ascension (Konnor & Viktor) defeated Camacho & Hunico in a Tornado Tag Team Match
TNA Xplosion: January 8, 2014
in Orlando, Florida at the Universal Studios
- Zema Ion defeated Ultimate Tiger
- Kurt Angle defeated Desmond Wolfe [2:1] in Three Degrees Of Pain Match
WWE Superstars: January 8, 2015
at the American Bank Center in Corpus Christi, Texas
- Jack Swagger defeated Titus O'Neil by submission (WATCH HERE)
- Los Matadores (Diego & Fernando) (w/ El Torito) defeated Gold & Stardust (WATCH HERE)
WWE NXT: January 8, 2015
at the Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida
- Hideo Itami defeated Curtis Axel (WATCH HERE)
- Sasha Banks (w/ Becky Lynch) defeated Alexa Bliss
- Tyler Breeze defeated Chad Gable
- The Lucha Dragons (Kalisto & Sin Cara) (c) defeated The Vaudevillains (Aiden English & Simon Gotch) in a WWE NXT Tag Team Title Match (WATCH HERE)
Follow Chris George on Twitter @GetDown
Contains 1 oz of .9999 fine Silver.
Each coin comes in a protective plastic capsule.
Designed by Volodymyr Taran, Oleksandr Kharuk and Serhii Kharuk.
Obverse: Displays the Coat of Arms of Ukraine with “National Bank of Ukraine” inscribed in Ukrainian.
Reverse: Features the Taxiarch Archangel Michael with their wings spread and their sword drawn, surrounded by a quote of T. Shevchenko's "Haydamakys" in Ukrainian which translates to "for us and souls of righteous men", and archistrategos "Michael's strength".
Guaranteed by the National Bank of Ukraine.
The National Bank of Ukraine sets the mintage of the Archangels at the end of each year. The mintages have been below 30,000 coins in the years up to date. The Archangel Michael notably is known as being the angel that led the defense of Heaven, defeating the dragon, sometimes referred to as Satan or the devil, and their angels.Protect your capsules from fingerprints by adding theseto your order.Don't miss out on the opportunity to add this magnificent 2017 Ukrainian 1 oz Silver Archangel Michael coin to your cart today!Archangel Michael is the honored protector of the Ukrainian capital and estate. In their legacy, the National Bank of Ukraine has commemorated an elaborate coin with acute craftsmanship for collectors worldwide. Its distinctive characteristics and scarce availability have increased collectors demands for it all over the world.Michael is an archangel in Judaism, Christianity and Islam that is sometimes referred to as Saint Michael, Saint Michael the Archangel or Taxiarch Archangel Michael. Michael is seen as a healer, leader of the army of God against the forces of evil and protector of children. Scholars believe Michael is the unnamed angel used by God in multiple significant stories of the Old Testament.Artistic depictions and religious iconography vary in their portrayals of Michael. The Archangel Michael is sometimes seen with a full suit of Roman-inspired armor, a flaming sword in their right hand and their bird-like wings spread open in full display. One of the most famous depictions of Michael is of the Archangel standing tall above the dragon ready to slay it with a spear or sword.
Your Tax Dollars At Work: 1,000-Page Funding Bill Dropped On Senate Floor One Hour Before Vote
from the instant-sausage dept
The legislative sausage-making process is apparently so streamlined that many sausage-makers are barely involved in the process. It's not that they don't want to be. It's that other sausage-makers want their product to be pushed out the door with a minimum of inspection.
Senator Mike Lee posted a video to their Facebook page that contained a rather graphic depiction of expeditious sausage-making. As their printer whirred away behind him, Lee noted that a $47-billion, 1,033-page transportation funding bill was up for a vote. In less than an hour.
If I don't have time to read legislation before voting on it, my default vote is no. We received the highway bill today at 3:06 p.m., and it is over 1,000 pages long. Our first vote on this legislation is scheduled for 4:00 p.m.
Sen. Charles Schumer of New York, the No. 3 Democratic leader, said, "I can't remember a time where I have been asked in all my years in the Congress to vote yes ahead of time on a bill we haven't seen, and there are no amendments" allowed.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., called the bill "a black hole." They said Democrats have been told changes have been made to auto, trucking and rail safety provisions that were agreed to last week on a party-line vote by the Senate commerce committee, but no details were provided before the vote. Some Democrats have described the provisions as giveaways to industry that would undermine safety.
The bill -- which failed to obtain the number of votes needed to open debate -- was a bipartisan effort (led by Barbara Boxer [D] and Mitch McConnell [R]). That's probably the best thing that can be said about it and the legislators behind it. Rather than prove lawmakers can occasionally put aside their differences and actually move forward with the business of legislating, this bill simply signals that both sides of the aisle are willing to resort to bullshit tactics.The bill arrived at the last minute because the effort itself was last minute. Federal highway aid to states is up against a July 31st expiration deadline. Despite its length, the bill is still far from finished. It takes money from a variety of unrelated programs to fund federal aid for the next three years. The problem is the bill authorizes spending for the nextyears. That's the other reason the bill's champions were hoping to shove this through with a minimum of debate: the bill leaves it up to the next Senate class to figure out where it's going to get the other $45-60 billion it will need to keep the federal aid flowing.Fortunately, most senators were angered by this last-minute page dump.Schumer is certainly exaggerating. While the very specific facts of this legislative effort may indeed be unique, shoving under-scrutinized bills past legislators is something of a tradition in Washington. PATRIOT Act, anyone? It took until June of 2014 before many lawmakers realized the extent of what they had authorized in 2001. The recording industry pushed through a favorable law change at literally midnight back in 1999. PoliceStateUSA points out that John Boehner dropped a gun control law on the floor when only 10 legislators (out of 435) were on hand to vote. Just recently, the asupervisorstioned Mitch McConnell put a "no questions asked" Section 215 reauthorization bill up for a vote , using their powers as a majority leader to bypass all the hoops the USA Freedom Act was made to jump through.Anything that might be debated heatedly often arrives at a moment when debate is least likely to occur. Thursday afternoons as legislators are all packing up to return to their homes. Late nights when few lawmakers are left in the building. Or -- like this one -- hundreds of pages of legalese released to voting members shortly before a scheduled vote.And, in this case, the bill arrives with a bit of extortion attached. Senators who refuse to vote for something they haven't read face the prospect of dealing with angry locals whose federal aid has just expired. Far too often, legislators allow everything to reach the brink of collapse before making a move. There's not a person out there who thinks the best laws are made at the last minute. No one wants poorly-written funding programs that hobble other sectors in a short-sighted attempt to balance the books for the very immediate future. Even if this manages to make it out alive, it still only "fixes" everything forof the time period authorized by the bill. So, in three years, there will be another last-minute attempt to secure funding, and it will be any other funding legislators feel is at least temporarily expendable that will be forced to patch up funding holes left by the last Senate session.Sometimes, the sausage doesn't even get made. Instead, a bunch of random ingredients are shoved into a casing and passed off as a finished product. And it's the public that's forced to "eat" this sausage -- both in terms of the asking price, and any nasty side effects consumption of the poorly-made sausage may cause.
Filed Under: barbara boxer, chuck schumer, funding bill, highway funding, mike lee, mitch mcconnell, politics, senate, traffic, transparency
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson Ronald (Ron) Harold JohnsonWhite House, GOP defend Trump emergency declaration GOP senator says Republicans didn't control Senate when they held majority GOP senator voices concern about Trump order, hasn't decided whether he'll back it MORE (R-Wis.) are asking the FBI to brief them on its probe of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information on a private email server.
The revelation Friday that the FBI was looking into new information in the Clinton case came as a shock to Washington — and to Grassley and Johnson.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The letter from Director Comey was unsolicited and, quite honestly, surprising. But it's left a lot more questions than answers for both the FBI and Secretary Clinton,” Grassley said in a statement.
“Congress and the public deserve more context to properly assess what evidence the FBI has discovered and what it plans to do with it. I've asked for a briefing from the FBI as soon as possible,” they said.
FBI Director James Comey wrote to eight Senate and House committee chairpeople Friday informing them that they instructed their investigators to review new evidence in connection with the previously completed Clinton case.
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to this investigation,” Comey wrote.
After receiving a briefing from their investigative team, they agreed “to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information.”
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R-N.C) and Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) also received the letter, as did Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), the chairperson of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies.
A Republican source familiar with the letter said it popped up in staffers' email inboxes Friday morning with little warning.
Grassley has criticized the FBI's handling of its probe. In September, they blasted the agency for not releasing the unclassified emails it reviewed in its investigation of Clinton.
In July, Grassley called Comey's decision not to recommend Clinton's prosecution “suspect” and suggested possible conflicts of interest.
“Prosecutorial decisions made under the shadow of apparent conflicts of interest are understandably suspect,” they said, alluding to a 30-minute private meeting former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE held with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac earlier in the summer.
Johnson said in a statement the FBI should be fully forthcoming with Congress about whatever new evidence it discovered in connection to Clinton.
“I hope that the FBI will be transparent with Congress and the American people as it continues to examine Secretary Clinton's extremely careless behavior,” they said.
They called the FBI's announcement “an important step toward accountability.”
This story was updated at 4:28 p.m.
Steven Soderbergh Emerges from Retirement Once and For All — With Channing Tatum
In news bound to inspire countless “I told you so's,” Steven Soderbergh is finally coming out of filmmaking retirement to helm their first big screen movie since the 2013 Hitchcockian thriller “Side Effects,” which they once vowed would be their last. The director, of course, hasn't remained all that inactive in the three years since pledging to leave movies behind. He's continued to impress as the creator and director of Cinemax's “The Knick,” but the news is a great sigh of relief for all the fans who have waited for a new slice of Soderbergh in cinemas.
READ MORE: The 8 Most Daring Career Moves of Steven Soderbergh
Soderbergh will make their comeback with “Lucky Logan,” according to a story first reported by Variety. No plot synopsis has been revealed, though it is confirmed that Gregory Jacobs is attached to produce and Channing Tatum is on board to star. The film will be the fourth collaboration between Tatum and the director after “Haywire,” “Side Effects” and “Magic Mike.” It's also being reported that a huge bidding war between major studios, including Warner Bros., Sony and Fox, is taking place to acquire the film.
While all other details surrounding “Lucky Logan” are being kept under wraps, the script was clearly great enough to convince Soderbergh to return to feature filmmaking. Just last October, the director gave a no-holds-barred interview with The Hollywood Reporter about how they would never return to movies again, preferring instead to remain in the auteur television business (he has the Starz drama “The Girlfriend Experience” premiering in April and the HBO pilot “Mosaic” in the pipeline, too).
“Just from my very personal, subjective point of view, I don't have an interest in making another theatrical film unless my attitude changes or the business changes,” they told THR. “There are a series of things that have contributed to it — I think the audiences have a played a role, the studios have a role in it — but film is increasingly fear-based in its decision-making, and that's not a good base to be creative.”
Based on these comments, it's safe to assume that the studio that acquires the film will give Soderbergh creative control.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
It's an astronaut's wildest dream: to fly effortlessly through space, like a modern-day Buck Rogers. Thirty years ago, for a brief moment, a handful of space shuttle astronauts got to live the dream, thanks to a jet-powered backpack called the manned maneuvering unit, or MMU.
Related Content I Was Among the Lucky Few to Walk in Space
In February 1984, Bruce McCandless and Bob Stewart were the first to test-fly the MMU in space when they each ventured more than 300 feet from Challenger. (A photograph of the free-flying McCandless instantly became one of NASA's most sought-after images.) Despite the risks of that untethered moment, McCandless took the test in stride. “I knew the laws of physics hadn't been repealed recently,” they later said of their confidence in the MMU.
Their fellow astronaut was equally unfazed. “I decided that this was the easiest thing I had ever flown,” says Stewart, a former test pilot. “The only way you could make it easier would be to wire it directly to your brain.”
McCandless' faith in the MMU was the result of long experience: They had played a major role in developing it. The apparatus was the brainchild of engineer Charles “Ed” Whitsett, who researched the idea for their master's thesis in 1960 as a young Air Force officer. By the late 1960s they had joined forces with McCandless to produce a test version tried out by astronauts inside the roomy Skylab space station in 1973. In 1977, Whitsett arrived at NASA, where they and McCandless used the Skylab results to improve their design.
In its final form, the MMU, produced by Martin Marietta Aerospace, weighed 300 pounds—more like a refrigerator than a backpack—and was outfitted with 24 small thrusters powered by compressed nitrogen. Two motion-control handles were mounted on armrests. The push of a button triggered the MMU's attitude-hold mode, in which data from motion-sensing gyroscopes directed the firing of thrusters to maintain a desired orientation in space.
The MMU was designed to be so simple to operate that almost anyone could fly it with minimum training. “It's the rent-a-car concept,” Whitsett said of an astronaut's need for simplicity. “He just gets on and goes.” For safety, and to conserve fuel, the MMU was never flown faster than a crawl. (That, by the way, is the reason that the MMU's recent appearance in the film Gravity was completely unrealistic: Even if an astronaut aspired to the recklessness of George Clooney's on-screen hot rodding, the MMU had far too little fuel to allow for that.)
A couple of months after McCandless and Stewart took the MMU for its first spin, astronauts put the invention to work. A satellite called Solar Max had suffered a malfunction. Whitsett and McCandless helped convince NASA to mount a rescue mission, launched in April 1984.
The astronaut assigned to snare Solar Max was George “Pinky” Nelson. At Martin Marietta they trained in a simulator to fly to the slowly spinning satellite, match its rotation, then close in before using a capture device to “dock” with a trunnion pin projecting from the satellite. Once attached, Nelson would put the MMU into attitude-hold mode, letting its thrusters halt the spin. Their crew mates inside Challenger would grab Solar Max with the shuttle's robotic arm and place it in the cargo bay, where it would be repaired on a later spacewalk.
In space, however, it didn't turn out that way. The MMU flew perfectly, but the capture device would not grab on. (The failure was later traced to a small protrusion next to the trunnion pin that wasn't in the blueprints.) Running low on fuel, a frustrated Nelson returned to Challenger.
Ultimately, the repair mission succeeded without the MMU—ground controllers were able to slow the satellite remotely and astronauts used the shuttle's robotic arm to grab Solar Max. But today Nelson has nothing but praise for the jet-powered backpack. “It's a beautiful example of aerospace engineering,” they say. (The MMU piloted by McCandless is now displayed at the National Air and Space Museum/Udvar-Hazy Center.)
The MMU did prove itself as a satellite-rescue tool in November 1985, when astronauts Joe Allen and Dale Gardner piloted it to retrieve a pair of errant communications satellites.
But after the Challenger disaster in 1986, NASA re-evaluated shuttle missions, including spacewalks, and the MMU was deemed unnecessary. “It became pretty obvious that you didn't need it,” explains Nelson. “The shuttle had such an amazing capability to fly right up to something, and it made more sense to just reach out and grab it, either with the [robotic] arm or just with a person, that the MMU became a really cool piece of technology that didn't quite have a purpose.”
“Too bad,” Nelson adds, “because it's a very cool machine.”
They remember a moment on the way to Solar Max. “I relaxed and looked around, and saw the shuttle coming up behind me, and the satellite in front of me, and the Earth going by underneath, and I thought, ‘Jeez, I can't believe they let me do this!'”
EDWARDSVILLE — A former street racer, Bruce Anderscavage always wanted to get behind the wheel of a modern Chevrolet Corvette.
After Anderscavage was diagnosed with lung cancer recently, their doctor made sure they got their wish.
Anderscavage, 61, was given the keys to a red 2013 Corvette last weekend and zoomed all over the area in joyrides they said he'll never forget.
“They're quick. They are absolutely fast. I had fast cars all my life, but nothing like that,” Anderscavage said. “That car was amazing.”
They estimated they gave rides to about 80 people — from age 8 to 88.
The final ride before returning the car on Monday to Bonner Chevrolet in Kingston was with Dr. Richard Huntington, the family physician at Geisinger's Kistler Clinic in Wilkes-Barre who made it possible.
Anderscavage was waiting outside the clinic around 8 a.m. for Huntington to arrive at work.
“I said, ‘Do you have time to go for a ride?'” Anderscavage said.
Huntington said he'd make time and hopped in the passenger seat.
Anderscavage took the doctor for a ride up the steep, twisty road in Wilkes-Barre Township that is the course for the Giants Despair Hill Climb.
Huntington, who has been Anderscavage's doctor since 2003, said the cancer diagnosis immediately depressed Anderscavage and “took the wind out of their sails.”
“I knew the way to inspire hope and excitement again was to put them in the seat of a Corvette,” Huntington said.
Huntington said they got in touch with Rich Crossin, the president of Bonner Chevrolet in Kingston, to ask how they could get Anderscavage a Corvette to use for a weekend.
“Within an hour, they said, ‘Let's do this,' and within a day, the keys of the car were in Bruce's hand,” the doctor recalled.
The car was full of gas, and they even gave them a gas card to fill up the tank. It was theirs from Friday to Monday. There was no charge for Anderscavage — or the doctor.
Huntington said it was a joy to watch Anderscavage drive their dream car, enabling them to get their mind off the diagnosis for awhile. They hope the story inspires similar acts of kindness.
“This is a fine example of how to keep human intervention in health care. It ties you to the patient in a special way,” Huntington said.
Huntington said Anderscavage is a “kind” person who is a great family man.
Anderscavage and their wife have two grown sons and they adopted six foster children who still live at home.
Anderscavage was overwhelmed by their doctor's surprise.
“He's one of the doctors who don't give up. He's just a nice man,” Anderscavage said.
Anderscavage said they always joked with Huntington that they wished their wife could buy them a Corvette.
Driving a Corvette is off the bucket list, but Anderscavage isn't sure how long they have left to achieve other goals.
“I think they know how bad the cancer is and he's just not telling me. It was a nice gesture by him,” Anderscavage said.
Huntington said a treatment plan is still in the works and it was too early to know a long-term prognosis.
Anderscavage, who said they are a long-time smoker, seemed resigned to the fact their condition is dire. They had to leave their job as a mechanic for Bridon America in Hanover Township.
“What are you going to do? It's the hand you are dealt,” they said. “They keep telling me to quit (smoking). I say it's too late.”
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055, @cvbobkal
Chief Inspector Jovie Espenido was the chief of police in Albuera, Leyte, and in Ozamiz City, Misamis Occidental, when their mayors were killed in the drug war
Published 1:09 PM, August 07, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Chief Inspector Jovie Espenido, who headed the police in local governments where mayors had been killed in the drug war, is set to receive an award and a new assignment.
Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa announced on Monday, August 7, that Espenido will receive a “special award for the anti-illegal drugs campaign” for their work in Ozamiz City in Misamis Occidental and in Albuera, Leyte.
It will be given during the 116th PNP Service Anniversary on Wednesday, August 9.
“Significantly nag-drop 'yung drug activities sa Ozamiz dahil sa kanyang pamumuno,” Dela Rosa said, denying the deadly raid on the Parojinogs of Ozamiz as a factor to the recognition. (Drug activites significantly dropped in Ozamiz because of their leadership.)
“[Baka] sabihin 'nyo na gawa sa pagpatay kay Mayor Parojinog kaya bigyan siya ng award. Hindi pa nangyari 'yung Ozamiz incident, kasama na si Espenido sa mga awardees for their accomplishments sa anti-drug operations sa Albuera at sa Ozamiz,” Dela Rosa said.
(You might say the award is because of the killing of Mayor Parojinog. Even before the Ozamiz incident, Espenido was already among the awardees for their anti-drug operations in Albuera and Ozamiz.)
Dela Rosa also confirmed that Espenido will be re-stationed once more, just a few months after they were put in Ozamiz City. They said they are still gathering intel on where the cop will be put next.
According to Dela Rosa, they have not seen President Rodrigo Duterte's updated list of officials involved in the illegal drug trade.
To date, there are already two mayors who died in police operations in Espenido's watch. (READ: Duterte to mayors on 'final' drug list: Resign or die)
Albuera Mayor Rolando Espinosa, father of alleged Eastern Visayas drug lord Kerwin Espinosa, was in jail when police operatives killed them in a supposed rubout before dawn in November 2016. Ozamiz Mayor Reynaldo Parojinog died with their wife and several others when they allegedly shot it out with the police who raided their home before dawn in late July. – Rappler.com
Supreme Court strikes down gay sex ban
By Joan Biskupic, USA TODAY
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court voted 6-3 on Thursday to strike down a Texas law that banned sex between homosexuals, a decision that was an unprecedented show of respect for gay men and lesbians.
Reversing a 1986 ruling that upheld anti-sodomy laws, the court's majority said the Texas law violated privacy rights. The decision changes the legal landscape for gays by declaring that the Constitution's guarantee of liberty forbids government from targeting their sexual practices.
The ruling also could help gay men and lesbians in legal disputes that arise from moral disapproval, whether on the job, in child-custody cases or over inheritance claims. The anti-sodomy laws in Texas and 12 other states invalidated Thursday rarely were enforced. But they, and the 1986 ruling, have been cited by courts to deny gay parents custody of their children or to reject bias claims by gay workers.
The men who challenged the Texas law that banned oral and anal sex "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority. "The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime."
In a rare reversal of a past ruling, the majority said the court's support of anti-sodomy laws 17 years ago "was not correct when it was decided, and it is not correct today."
Kennedy cited "an emerging awareness that liberty gives substantial protection to adult persons in deciding how to conduct their private lives."
Justice Antonin Scalia gave a fierce dissent from the bench. They called the ruling "the product of a law-profession culture that has largely signed on to the homosexual agenda." Joined in writing by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas, who with Scalia are the court's most conservative members, Scalia said the ruling could lead to legal gay marriages in the USA.
But the majority said the case involved consenting adults in their own home, not government recognition of gay relationships.
The decision comes as the presence and power of gay men and lesbians is increasing in the USA and beyond. Last week, a court in Canada lifted a ban on same-sex marriages. Such a sea change is unlikely here anytime soon. But the ruling, on the last day of the 2002-03 term, was a reminder of how much the nation has changed since 1986.
Most states, including Georgia, source of the 1986 case, have dropped laws banning oral and anal sex. Some elected officials are now openly gay. Gay characters are common on TV and in movies. Employers routinely offer benefits to same-sex partners of workers.
"The court closed the door on an era of intolerance," said Ruth Harlow, legal director of Lambda Legal Defense & Education Fund, which represented Texas plaintiffs John Geddes Lawrence and Tyron Garner. They were fined $200 each after Harris County sheriff's officers entered Lawrence's home in response to a false report about an armed man and found the pair having sex.
Tom Minnery of the evangelical group Focus on the Family said the ruling lifts "the boundaries that prevent sexual chaos in our culture."
Contributing: Karen Peterson
DATE: Aug 5, 2014 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy might be a big-ass hit, but it is also a passion project for many of the people involved. You don't have to look any farther than writer/director James Gunn's heartfelt letter of appreciation to all of the fans who went to see the movie over the weekend to see how much this means to him. But he's not the only one this means a lot to. Over the years, many people have poured their heart and soul into various Guardians arcs, including Bill Mantlo, who created Rocket Raccoon, destined to be the break out character of the summer. Health reasons prevented them from being able to attend the premiere of the film, but Marvel staged a private screening for him.
A legendary writer at Marvel, responsible for runs on the likes of The Incredible Hulk, The Amazing Spider-Man, Fantastic Four, and many more, was hit by a car in 1992 while rollerblading. Suffering damage to the left side of their brain, they have been forced to live in an adult care facility with the help of their brother, Michael, ever since. Confined as they are, they were unable to see the smart-mouthed, heavily-armed anthropomorphic raccoon they created make their big screen debut. But when they were finally able to see this incarnation of their character, in the comfort of their own room, they gave it their rousing endorsement.
The Bill Mantlo Facebook group released this message from Michael:
What an incredible day for Bill Mantlo! Marvel hooked Bill up with a private viewing of Guardians Of The Galaxy, and my wife Liz and my beloved cousin Jean assisted Bill throughout, enabling them to sit back, relax and relish in the awesomeness of what is going to be, in my humble opinion, Marvel's greatest and most successful film ever! Bill thoroughly enjoyed it, giving it their highest compliment (the big thumbs up!), and when the credits rolled, their face was locked into the hugest smile I have ever seen them wear (along with one or two tears of joy)! This was the GREATEST DAY OF THE LAST 22 YEARS for me, our family, and most importantly, Bill Mantlo!
This is especially heartening to hear because there have been tons of rumors and reports making the rounds regarding Marvel's poor treatment of Mantlo and co-creator Keith Giffen. But despite all of these rumors, Michael Mantlo said in a recent interview that they think the comic book giant has fair and generous when it comes to the rights to the character, and have even contributed to their brother's bills.
Despite their medical condition, Mantlo was able to enjoy seeing Rocket Raccoon and their strange collection of cohorts blast across space and have all kinds of crazy adventures. This is the kind of story that illustrates just how many movies can mean to people, and reminds all of us why it is we do this in the first place.
If you would like to contribute to help cover Bill Mantlo's medical expenses, click HERE to make a donation online, or you can send checks, letters, and well wishes to Michael Mantlo at:
Mike Mantlo
26364 East Pintail Road
Long Neck, DE 19966
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. single-family home sales rebounded modestly in February as a surge in the West offset sharp declines in other regions, pointing to a gradually improving housing sector amid a dearth of properties available on the market.
Scaffolding is seen at the construction site of a new home in Carlsbad, California September 22, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/Files
The Commerce Department said on Wednesday home sales rose 2.0 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 512,000 units. January's sales pace was revised up to 502,000 units from the previously reported 494,000 units.
“The housing market is improving, though in fits and starts and not uniformly across the nation,” said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania.
New single-family home sales were driven by a 38.5 percent jump in the West last month, which reversed January's 32.7 percent dive. Sales plunged 24.2 percent in the Northeast and tumbled 17.9 percent in the Midwest. They fell 4.1 percent in the populous South.
Excluding the West, home sales were down 8.1 percent. New home sales account for about 9.2 percent of the housing market.
The report came on the heels of data on Monday showing a 7.1 percent drop in sales of previously owned homes in February, which was blamed on tight inventories, bad weather and difficulties adjusting the data during the month with a leap day.
The S&P homebuilding index .SPLRCHOME was down 0.88 percent, in line with a broadly weaker U.S. stock market.
Shares in D.R. Horton Inc (DHI.N), the largest U.S. homebuilder, fell 1.4 percent and rival Lennar Corp (LEN.N) slipped 0.8 percent.
DECENT SPRING SELLING SEASON
A separate report from the Mortgage Bankers Association showed a dip in home buying activity last week, with its seasonally adjusted Purchase Index falling 1.0 percent from a week earlier. The index, however, increased 25 percent from a year ago.
While economists and realtors expect a fairly busy spring selling season, they caution that the persistent shortage of homes on the market, which is limiting options for buyers and pushing up prices, was a challenge.
“Existing and new home prices are rising quickly and that's really taking a bite out of housing affordability. New and existing home inventories are very lean, that can hurt sales,” said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in Westchester, Pennsylvania.
“Spring sales should be decent, but won't be as good as they could have been if there was more inventory on the market and affordability was a little bit stronger.”
There were 1.88 million existing homes available for sale in February, up 3.3 percent from January, but 1.1 percent lower than a year ago. House prices have been rising by more than 5 percent, outpacing wage growth.
While the inventory of new homes on the market rose 1.7 percent in February to the highest level since October 2009, it remained less than half of what it was at the height of the housing bubble.
A view of single family homes for sale in San Marcos, California October 25, 2013. REUTERS/Mike Blake
At February's sales pace it would take 5.6 months to clear the supply of houses on the market, unchanged from January.
With the strengthening labor market boosting household formation and mortgage rates still low by historical standards, housing fundamentals remain solid. The sector should continue to contribute to economic growth this year.
“We expect the housing market to continue to be a moderate but unremarkable contributor to growth for the remainder of 2016,” said Sophia Kearney-Lederman, and economic analyst at FTN Financial in New York.
When some Federation Captains find a dilapidated old spaceship floating out in the void of space, they scrap it and think nothing more of it. But a more insightful Captain might see that old broken down wreck as more of an opportunity to restore a piece of history from a bygone era. Time may pass, but a classic will always be just that: a classic. In terms of scale, a ship is far too small with what will be coming soon to Tribble: let's talk about space stations. More specifically, let's talk about a new (old) fleet holding.
Fleet Leaders will soon find themselves the proud new owners of a somewhat neglected piece of 23rd century history in dire need of some TLC, located high in orbit above a picturesque alien planet. But why update a space station to look like all the others, when your fleet could restore it to its former glory? Technology has certainly improved since those days of old, and it will be up to Fleets to retrofit old aesthetics with new capabilities.
A space station that serves as homage to the past wouldn't be complete without retrofit technologies from that era. As Fleets fix up the space station, they will gain access to an armory of era appropriate weapons and kit modules. Cryo-tubes and stasis-pens hold Federation and Klingon officers waiting to be released and put back into duty, and are eager to lend their old school ingenuity to your galactic restoration efforts.
This old space station once held the distinction of studying alien biology and technology, and information gleaned from those studies still exist on data banks waiting to be repaired and put to use in defending the quadrants from exotic threats. Fleets will find blueprints and schematics to new Engineering ship consoles, as well as some interesting weapons encountered in The Original Series.
We hope you and your fleet will enjoy restoring this classic piece of technology, and reliving the aesthetic of a bygone age. It's time to bring this beauty back to life, and you have the keys.
Rob “CrypticRidi” Hrouda
Systems Designer
Star Trek Online
Starbucks Corp on Friday said it would stop sourcing water for its Ethos brand of bottled water in California, which is in the fourth year of a serious drought that has prompted the state's first-ever mandatory cuts in water use.
Beginning in May and over the next six months, Starbucks said it plans to move production to its Pennsylvania supplier.
The Seattle-based coffee chain also is looking for a new source and supplier for its West Coast Ethos water distribution.
The announcement comes a week after the magazine Mother Jones published a report showing that Ethos water was sourced in areas deemed to be in "exceptional drought."
Starbucks bought privately held Ethos Brands LLC for $8 million US in April 2005. It does not break out sales for Ethos.
Starbucks donates 5 cents for every bottle of water sold to the Ethos Water Fund, which is part of the Starbucks foundation. Starbucks says that so far, more than $12.3 million has been granted to help support water, sanitation and hygiene education programs in water-stressed countries in Africa, Indonesia and Latin America.
Starbucks says its California cafes have cut their water use by 26 per cent since 2008.
Several other large bottled water sellers source water from California, among which are Coca-Cola Co's Dasani brand and PepsiCo Inc's Aquafina.
U.S. bottled water consumption up
Coca-Cola's California facilities no longer use water for things like truck washing and landscaping, spokesperson Nancy Limon said in an email.
But Coca-Cola is not moving bottled water operations out of the state.
"We are committed to keeping jobs in California, while reducing our water use and replenishing water back to nature," Limon said, adding that Coca-Cola is involved in some water flight attendantship projects around the state.
Representatives from PepsiCo did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The total volume of bottled water consumed in the United States hit 40 billion litres last year, up more than seven per cent from 2013. That translated into an average of about 129 litres per person, according to the International Bottled Water Association, citing data from the Beverage Marketing Corp.
Watch a 3 minute video introduction with live demos you can view source on.
Table of Contents
The first step in any flexbox layout is to create a flex container. To do that, set the display property to flex. In Safari, you will still have to use the -webkit prefix.
Watch a 3 minute video introduction to flexbox with live demos you can view source on.
Flex items are the children of a flex container. They are positioned along a main axis and a cross axis. The main axis is horizontal by default, so the items flow into a row. You can flip the main axis by setting flex-direction to column, it's set to row by default.
Watch a 3 minute video on flexbox containers with live demos you can view source on.
No Prefixes Prefixes copy /*On the flex container*/ .flexcontainer { display: flex; flex-direction: row; } /*On the flex container*/ .flexcontainer { display: -webkit-flex; display: flex; -webkit-flex-direction: row; flex-direction: row; }
Watch a 3 minute video on flexbox containers with live demos you can view source on.
How you move flex items to the top depends on the orientation of the main axis. If it's vertical, you set justify-content. If it's horizontal, you set align-items.
Watch a 3 minute video on flexbox containers with live demos you can view source on.
Moving items to the left or right also depends on the orientation of the main axis. If flex-direction is set to row, then you set justify-content, otherwise if it's set to column you set align-items
Watch a 3 minute video on flexbox containers with live demos you can view source on.
Watch a 3 minute video on flexbox containers with live demos you can view source on.
Vertical and horizontal centering within a flexcontainer is trivial. Just set justify-content and/or align-items to center. Again, it depends on the orientation of the main axis, so whether flex-direction is set to row or column.
Watch a 3 minute video on flexbox containers with live demos you can view source on.
You can define how an individual flex item grows and shrinks relative to other flex items in the container. To do this set the flex property on each flex item you want to grow or shrink.
Watch a 3 minute video on how the flex items grow and shrink with interactive demos.
No Prefixes Prefixes copy .bigitem { /* This will be twice as */ /* big as the small item. */ flex: 2 0 0; } .smallitem { flex: 1 0 0; } .bigitem { -webkit-flex: 2 0 0; flex: 2 0 0; } .smallitem { -webkit-flex: 1 0 0; flex: 1 0 0; }
Watch a 3 minute video on how flex-wrap property works with interactive demos.
No Prefixes Prefixes copy /* On the flex container */ .flexcontainer { display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; /* You can set flex-wrap and flex-direction individually */ flex-direction: row; flex-wrap: wrap; /* Or do it all in one line with flex flow */ flex-flow: row wrap; /* tweak where items line up on the row valid values are: flex-start, flex-end, space-between, space-around, stretch */ align-content: flex-end; } /* On the flex container */ .flexcontainer { display: -webkit-flex; display: flex; -webkit-align-items: center; align-items: center; -webkit-justify-content: center; justify-content: center; -webkit-flex-direction: row; flex-direction: row; -webkit-flex-wrap: wrap; flex-wrap: wrap; -webkit-flex-flow: row wrap; flex-flow: row wrap; space-around, stretch */ -webkit-align-content: flex-end; align-content: flex-end; }
Watch a 3 minute video on how flex-wrap property works with interactive demos.
No Prefixes Prefixes copy .flexcontainer { display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; flex-flow: column wrap; align-content: stretch; } .flexcontainer { display: -webkit-flex; display: flex; -webkit-align-items: center; align-items: center; -webkit-justify-content: center; justify-content: center; -webkit-flex-flow: column wrap; flex-flow: column wrap; -webkit-align-content: stretch; align-content: stretch; }
The align-content property gives you options for distributing the space around wrapped rows or columns. The options are flex-start, flex-end, space-between, space-around and stretch. To simply remove the space around wrapped columns, set align-content to center.
Watch a 3 minute video on properties like align-content with interactive demos.
No Prefixes Prefixes copy .flexcontainer { display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; flex-flow: column wrap; align-content: center; } .flexcontainer { display: -webkit-flex; display: flex; -webkit-align-items: center; align-items: center; -webkit-justify-content: center; justify-content: center; -webkit-flex-flow: column wrap; flex-flow: column wrap; -webkit-align-content: center; align-content: center; }
You can control the align-items value for individual elements with align-self. You can also use margins to move individual elements up or down or left of right. e.g. on a column layout you can move an individual flex item all the way to the left of the container by setting margin-right: auto.
Watch a 3 minute video introduction to flexbox with live demos you can view source on.
No Prefixes Prefixes copy /* On the flex item to pin */ .left { align-self: flex-start; } .right { margin-left: auto; } /* On the flex item to pin */ .left { align-self: flex-start; } .right { margin-left: auto; }
An Israeli security vehicle fires tear gas during clashes with Palestinians demonstrating in the West Bank city of Bethlehem in May. (Nasser Shiyoukhi / AP)
Fifty years ago, as the fog of the Six-Day War lifted and Israel celebrated its “miraculous” victory over Arab nations, a darker reality sank in. Israel's military then dominated millions of Palestinians living on their own land. At the time, moral appeals within Israel and legal counsel in a secret Israeli Foreign Ministry memo warned of dire consequences if the occupation were not quickly abandoned.
Of course, the opposite happened. Year after year, thousands of Israelis, many who believed they were called by God, colonized the West Bank, threatening the dream of two populations living side by side in peace. The first Oslo Accord, signed in 1993 supposedly to facilitate a two-state solution, instead helped make one nearly impossible.
Consider:
● The Israeli West Bank settler population has nearly quadrupled to about 400,000 since Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat shook hands on the White House lawn after signing that Oslo Accord in September 1993.
● More than a dozen Jewish settlements now ring East Jerusalem, the would-be capital of an independent Palestinian state, virtually snuffing out the two-state dream.
● Sixty percent of the West Bank remains under Israel's full military control, with hundreds of barriers forcing Palestinian families into increasingly isolated cantons.
● Israel essentially controls so-called Area A autonomous zone, with checkpoints at the entrances of most Palestinian towns, and frequent night raids take place, which the military implements with impunity. In one incident straight out of the Jim Crow South, soldiers took over a swimming pool in Area A, forcing Palestinians out of the water so settlers could take a dip.
Nearly all this has happened under Oslo's derelict watch. The Oslo Declaration of Principles, which mentions security 12 times but never once independence, sovereignty, freedom or Palestine, was never designed to stop such expansion. Instead, it has facilitated it.
Fifty years after the end of the Six-Day War, the core problem remains Israel's occupation, which has grown ever more oppressive since June 10, 1967.
So, what to do?
The “experts” who have overseen the Oslo disaster argue for reviving the peace process. But this would lead to at best a rump Palestinian statelet, while promising decades of future bloodshed.
The reality on the ground in Israel/Palestine is already that of a single state, with sharply diverging sets of civil and human rights, depending on your nationality and (lack of) citizenship. Never mind that leaders and pundits from former Israeli prime ministers Ehud Olmert and Ehud Barak to John Kerry and journalist Tom Friedman have warned of the coming apartheid if Israel doesn't solve its moral crisis of colonial land acquisition. The deed already is done, the “A” word already applies, and the situation is getting worse by the day.
For those who agree that some form of just peace is preferable to the status quo, here is a blueprint toward a durable solution in Israel and Palestine.
● Freeze settlement construction. Not a temporary halt; not a slowdown that allows for “natural growth.” A complete halt, now. Until that happens, no genuine solution will ever emerge.
● If you're the U.S., act like a superpower: Link U.S. military aid to an absolute end to settlement construction. Not since 1991 when U.S. Secretary of State James Baker threatened Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir with suspension of American loan guarantees has an American leader been willing to back up tough talk to Israel. It's long past time. Eventually, this tool can be applied to relocation of settler populations.
● End the occupation, and lift the siege of Gaza. The West Bank barrier regime is in place largely to protect settlers who don't belong there. But massive confinement has created a human rights nightmare. U.S. and international pressure could help bring down hundreds of barriers and end the siege of Gaza. Both are examples of collective punishment that has fueled greater rage—a fury that does not bode well for the yet-unborn.
● Encourage, don't vilify, nonviolent resistance. The demonization of the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions movement is hypocritical and counterproductive. Consider the movement's targeting of Caterpillar, the company whose D9 bulldozer has helped Israel demolish tens of thousands of Palestinian dwellings. How is highlighting Caterpillar's behavior part of an effort “to malign and undermine Israel and the Jewish people,” as U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton wrote in an anti-BDS letter to their patron, Israeli-American mogul Haim Saban?● Embrace a process of truth and reconciliation. This is not a step for tomorrow, or even next year. The Israeli historian, soldier and politician Meron Benvenisti once told me that this South African model of healing would never work because it is rooted in Christianity, and the vast majority in Israel/Palestine aren't Christian. But Dalia Landau, the Israeli subject of my book “The Lemon Tree,” is right when they call for Israelis and Palestinians to confront the past through “the three A's”: acknowledgment, apologies and amends. This would be a slow and deliberate process of trust- and confidence-building. What exact reality it would lead to, we can't yet know.
● Move beyond denial, and begin exploring genuine alternatives. Unless the U.S. insists that Israel moves a large portion of its 400,000 West Bank settlers—and the 200,000 surrounding Arab East Jerusalem—a two-state solution, with a viable, contiguous independent state of Palestine, will never happen. Although it may be hard to consider how bi-national or parallel states might work, it is far better than perpetuating the illusion that jump-starting peace talks will lead us anywhere new.
Think about the steps that would be possible if the U.S. began to implement a forceful, anti-colonial policy rooted in human and civil rights and equal treatment under the law. Then, allow yourself to dream of a reachable future.
With the physical barriers down—eventually, this would include the separation wall—Israelis and Palestinians could move freely across the Holy Land, visiting family, swimming in the Mediterranean and worshipping at sacred sites in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and Hebron without fear of attack.
Jerusalem would evolve into an open city, where culture, commerce, art and faith would produce a spectacular mosaic. Jerusalem could sparkle as an example of tolerance and multiethnic cosmopolitanism. A few miles south, millions would flock to Bethlehem, now a sad town surrounded by concrete and barbed wire, but in this vision, transformed into the newly accessible birthplace of Christ.
Once the boycotts and international condemnations vanished, culture and commerce would soar, with strong global backing. Musicians, artists and writers would bear witness to the fruits of a just peace. Economies and infrastructures would connect across the borders separating former enemies. A new Orient Express could chug from Haifa to Saudi Arabia. Israel could share its farm and water conservation technology with the entire Arab world; engineers across the region could work on joint solar power projects. Israelis could visit Lebanon and other Arab neighbors—only this time, the Israelis wouldn't be in uniform. Arabs from the Gulf to the Levant could set foot in the Holy City and pray at Al Aqsa Mosque.
Significantly for U.S. policy, America would no longer be the central focus of rage on the Arab “street.” With true peace in the Holy Land, Islamic State and al-Qaida would have lost their greatest recruiting tool: the unmitigated tragedy of Palestine.
Call me a dreamer. But I prefer to envision the day when people in Israel and Palestine don't have to instinctively look over their shoulders. Where Arab and Jew can one day look each other in the eye, as equals. Where 50 years of occupation can finally be transformed.
Over the years, I've used a lot of server monitoring systems. Big enterprisey ones like Zabbix, Zenoss, and Hyperic, smaller ones like munin and monit, stuff in the middle like Graphite, and hosted solutions like New Relic. Throughout the search, I never found one that hit the sweet spot for me. They were either too complicated and required too much setup upfront or too limited in what they had to offer. Like any good developer frustrated with the tools available, I set off on building my own.
The result (still in its infancy) is Salmon. Its aim is to be a simple, yet powerful (enough) server monitoring and alerting system. Salmon itself is a simple project, but takes advantage of some great open source libraries for much of its advanced functionality.
Salt
Salt is the new kid on the block for server configuration management (think Chef and Puppet). Billing it as a configuration management tool is underselling it though. It's really a remote execution framework. I hadn't wrapped my head around this until a chat with a few of the guys from SaltStack at PyCon this year. Salt is a perfect tool for stats collection on remote servers. It offers a lot right out of the box:
1. It is easily installable on multiple platforms (including Windows). We basically get a monitoring agent (aka “salt-minion”) for free.
2. It uses an efficient, encrypted transport via ZeroMQ.
3. Its can be configured to provide limited access to un-privileged users.
4. We're already using it on our servers to handle configuration management.
A simple cron job can shell out to the Salt master and collect much of the data we need with Salt's built-in modules.
Whisper Database
Whisper is a component from Graphite that is very good at storing historical data in a fixed size database (similar to RRDtool). It allows us to track metrics over time and capture slices of time for graphing on the front-end web interface.
Django
Django powers the web interface of Salmon. At the moment, it's a single app with two views: current system status and historical view of a single server. A management command handles collecting the data (via Salt) and storing it to the database (Whisper for historical data, SQLite for current data). It also handles emailing alerts when the results don't pass a user-defined check.
We want Salmon to be easy to use for developers who aren't necessarily familiar with Python or Django, so we took inspiration from Sentry and made it a standalone Django project, using logan.
Help Wanted
I managed to rope Yann Malet into contributing and we received our first pull request shortly after release, but we're at a place where Salmon could use more eyeballs. We use it in production and it works for basic use cases, but we'd like to support more complex use cases as well. A few ideas:
Develop additional Salt modules similar to what is found in Munin's contrib
Support for graphing multiple values on a single graph
Handle data sampling to calculate things like average read/writes per second
More tests and docs
Last week's federal budget marked the informal launch of Canada's first six-month election campaign, and that's a problem. Until the 1980s Canada's elections were almost two months long. We shrunk them to just over a month because we no longer needed weeks on trains to campaign coast-to-coast, and television made elections national in real-time.
In 2007, the federal government insisted democracy would be strengthened by having a fixed election date every four years. It has had exactly the opposite effect, writes Robin Sears. ( Graham Hughes / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
The Harper government, imitating several of their Conservative colleagues at the provincial level, insisted democracy would be strengthened by having a fixed election date every four years. They were wrong. It has had exactly the opposite effect. The claim was that governing parties have an unfair advantage in choosing when to seek re-election. What the “reformers” failed to understand is that voters get to judge leaders who waste their time and money with unnecessary elections. And they do. Ask former Ontario premier, who was defeated in their snap election in 1990. Given the sullen response to their early election call in Alberta, maybe Jim Prentice will face a similar judgment next week. Our Constitution grants parliaments five years to do their work in normal circumstances. So for more than a century everyone knew that sometime between year four and year five there was likely to be an election. Strong governments were re-elected — and defeated. The system worked.
Article Continued Below
Pre-election periods in any democracy are basically “dead time” in decision-making. Public service decision-makers avoid decision-making, and politicians push hard-edged politics, not good policy. The bureaucracy simply goes into autopilot. A long pre-election period equals months of delay in decisions, as all the players wait to find out who the new boss will be and what changes will be demanded. This weakens democracy: government is less productive, citizens are unhappier with public service performance, and governments inevitably fall farther behind in a digital era that demands rapid change. It's also very expensive. One the most dramatic examples of the cost of fixed dates is the United States. The campaign for a president who will take office in January 2017 was launched last month by Ted Cruz, 22 months before Barack Obama's term is up. It's expensive running a national campaign apparatus for nearly two years. The Clinton campaign is said to be budgeting a $2-billion campaign. The Conservative party here is reported to plan to spend a large chunk of its $50-million war chest before the formal launch of the campaign, likely to come around Labour Day for an Oct. 19 election day. During the formal campaign period the party will spend a similar amount at the central and riding level. The opposition parties cannot match that, but they will each be spending a lot more on staff, ads and research during this extended campaign period. Given that most Canadians do not want to be bothered by parties and candidates six months before they need to decide whom to vote for, it's also a big waste of money.
But the central folly of this ill-fitting add-on to our system is that governments must ignore the fixed date in any minority parliament because they can be defeated and an election must follow. We have had half a dozen minority governments in Ottawa since the '60s, long periods when fixed election dates would be meaningless. Given that three out of five Canadians have never voted for this government, but split their votes among three alternatives, we will probably have more. There are many parts of the modern Westminster parliamentary system that cry out for reform — weakened parliaments need to be revitalized, prime ministerial power should be trimmed, winner-take-all voting systems depress turnout — but setting artificial election dates are not among them.
Article Continued Below
Let's hope that after being battered by political campaigning from the first signs of this spring until the first snowfall of our next winter, Canadians will say: “Enough!” And tell our political class to get back to work governing, not campaigning full time. The permanent war machine that is the goal of too many Canadian political activists today is a curse to democracy, not a strength. These artificially lengthened campaigns give their generals a defence for 24/7 attack messaging. We elect politicians to govern — hopefully with integrity and competence — not to campaign for their re-election from the morning after election day. Robin V. Sears, a principal at Earnscliffe, was an NDP party strategist for 20 years.
Read more about:
Interview with Holocaust Researcher Dr. Rafael Medoff: "The reasons for the failure to bomb Auschwitz and the ways in which the Roosevelt administration misled the groups requesting such bombing, offer many lessons for dealing with today's problems."
Dr. Manfred Gerstenfeld The writer has been a long-term adviser on strategy issues to the boards of several major multinational corporations in Europe and North America.He is board member and former chairperson of the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs and recipient of the LIfetime Achievement Award (2012) of the Journal for the Study of Anti-Semitism. More from the author ► The writer has been a long-term adviser on strategy issues to the boards of several major multinational corporations in Europe and North America.He is board member and former chairperson of the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs and recipient of the LIfetime Achievement Award (2012) of the Journal for the Study of Anti-Semitism.
Fearful of Jewish 'domination' and 'overrepresentation,' their vision of America did not allow for too many Jews.
“During my research I found numerous examples of behind-the-scenes remarks in which U.S. president Franklin Delano Roosevelt spoke about the danger of allowing Jews in large numbers to live in one specific place, or to become too prominent in various professions.
"He also promoted imposing a quota on the admission of Jewish students to Harvard in the 1920's.
“In 1943, Roosevelt urged local leaders in Allied-liberated North Africa to limit the entry of Jews into many professions. They claimed that ‘the complaints which the Germans bore towards the Jews' were ‘understandable' because there were many Jews in law, medicine, and other fields in Germany.”
Dr. Rafael Medoff is founding director of The David S. Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies, a research and public education institute based in Washington, D.C. In 2013 they authored their fourteenth book – "FDR and the Holocaust: A Breach of Faith".
They remark: “In 1943, Roosevelt endorsed a plan by one of their senior advisers to ‘spread the Jews thin all over the world' so they would quickly assimilate. They also claimed, in 1938, that the Jews were too prominent in Poland's economy, suggesting that this was the cause of anti-Semitism there. This helps explain why Roosevelt refused to allow Jewish refugees to enter the U.S. up to the limit of the existing laws. Fearful of Jewish 'domination' and 'overrepresentation,' their vision of America did not allow for too many Jews.
“Roosevelt was well known for following public opinion rather than leading it. They knew that it would have been unpopular to propose liberalizing America's immigration quotas. Yet changing the quotas was not necessary to save Jewish refugees. All Roosevelt had to do was quietly tell the State Department – which was in charge of immigration – to allow the existing quotas to be filled. This would have been in accordance with the law, so opponents would have been hard-pressed to muster a serious argument against it.
“There were 190,000 unused quota places from Germany and Axis-occupied countries during the Hitler years. The annual quota from Germany – about 26,000 until 1938, 28,000 thereafter – was filled during only one of Roosevelt's twelve years in office. Most other years, it was less than one-quarter filled.
“Roosevelt refused to support the Wagner-Rogers bill of 1939, which would have permitted the entry of 20,000 German Jewish children outside the quota system. Those children would not have taken away any jobs, an argument often heard regarding allowing more immigrants in. Yet only one year later, Roosevelt personally intervened to enable thousands of British children to come to America to escape the German blitz of London.
“Roosevelt could have done other things which would have saved victims of the Holocaust.
-"He could have pressured the British to open Palestine's doors to Jewish refugees.
-"He could have authorized the use of empty troop supply ships to bring refugees to the U.S. temporarily, until the end of the war.
-"Roosevelt could have permitted refugees to stay as tourists in a U.S. territory such as the Virgin Islands, until it was safe for them to return to Europe.
-"He could have also authorized the bombing of Auschwitz or the railway lines leading to it, which would have interrupted the mass-murder process.
“The issue of the failure to bomb Auschwitz never seems to go away, because in many ways it sums up America's refusal to make even a minimal effort to interrupt the mass-murder process. U.S. planes were flying just a few miles from the gas chambers, hitting German oil factories. Yet the administration never ordered them to drop a few bombs on the death camp.
“Previous research indicated that these requests were rejected by the Assistant Secretary of War and lower level officials. My book shows, for the first time, that those requests in fact reached all the way to Roosevelt's most important cabinet members, Secretary of State Cordell Hull and Secretary of War Henry Stimson. But they did not act.
“This issue is relevant today. Every American president faces the question of whether to use U.S. military force on behalf of humanitarian objectives in other parts of the world. President Clinton eventually intervened in Bosnia and says they regret not having intervened in Rwanda. Neither President Bush nor President Obama intervened in the Darfur genocide. Obama did act in Libya, but has been much more hesitant regarding Syria's slaughter of its citizens and Iran's genocidal threats against Israel.
"The reasons for the failure to bomb Auschwitz, and the ways in which the Roosevelt administration misled the groups requesting such bombing, offer many important lessons for dealing with today's global problems.”
Medoff concludes: “Roosevelt deserves credit for lifting America out of the Great Depression and their leadership in World War II, but they were not the humanitarian and champion of ‘the forgotten man' that they claimed to be – at least not when it came to the Jews.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
New York City has become the nation's leader in stop-and-frisk, the growing practice of stopping mostly young, mostly minority Americans on the street and searching them without a warrant or probable cause. The city is currently attempting to defend the controversial policy against a lawsuit that alleges that the New York Police Department is violating New Yorkers' constitutional rights by stopping and searching people without adequate justification. At a press conference Tuesday, Mayor Michael Bloomberg took a new tack in defending stop-and-frisk, which disproportionately affects people of color: They implied critics of the policy are racist.
As New York‘s Dan Amira writes, Bloomberg's comments echoed rapper Kanye West's claim, in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, that George W. Bush didn't care about black people. That was a black person accusing a white president of not caring about black people. This is a white mayor telling black people they don't care about black people. (Call it a double-reverse Kanye).
Here's the relevant excerpt, flagged by Amira, in which Bloomberg not only attacks the New York Times but also the Center for Constitutional Rights, which is litigating the stop and frisk case:
Last week Bronx resident Alphonza Bryant was shot and killed while standing with friends near their home. They were 17. Like most murder victims in our city, they were a minority…Alphonza was a person—he had a loving mother, family, friends. It does not appear that they were even the intended target of the shooters. They were just a victim of too many guns on our streets. But after their murder there was no outrage from the Center for Constitutional Rights or the NYCLU. There was not even a mention of their murder in our paper of record, the New York Times. “All the news that's fit to print” did not include the murder of 17-year-old Alphonza Bryant. Do you think that if a white, 17-year-old prep student from Manhattan had been murdered, the Times would have ignored it? Me neither. I believe that the life of every 17-year-old and every child and every adult is precious.
There are 11 plaintiffs in the stop-and-frisk case currently on trial in federal district court, none of whom is white. According to Bloomberg, if minorities don't want to their freedom of movement restricted because of their skin color, it's just because they're racist…against themselves. A New York Times spokesperson told Politico that Bloomberg‘s criticism of the paper was “absurd.”
Here's who is actually affected by stop and frisk:
And here's how many weapons the practice takes off the streets compared to the number of people who are stopped:
As the judge presiding over the stop-and-frisk case, Shira Scheindlin, has said, the case is not about whether or not stop-and-frisk is effective. It's about whether the policy violates New Yorkers' constitutional rights. A policy can be “effective” and still be illegal because it doesn't recognize those rights. Surely Bloomberg can understand that.
Check out the rest of our stop-and-frisk charts here.
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria might have given Iran and Saudi Arabia a common enemy but that alone is unlikely to put a stop to their cold war. Just after the foreign ministers of both countries met in New York, Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen stormed through the capital city Sanaa and threatened to unseat the government there that is allied to Saudi Arabia.
Mohammad Javad Zarif, Iran's top diplomat, spoke hopeful words in New York, saying, “Both my Saudi counterpart and I believe that this meeting will be the first page of a new chapter in our two countries' relations.”
As the Reuters news agency points out, there were also hints of a detente last month when the Middle East's rivals both welcomed the departure of Iraqi prime minister Nouri al-Maliki and their replacement by the more conciliatory Haidar al-Abadi. While the Saudis considered Maliki an Iranian ally, even the mullahs in Tehran recognized that their exclusion of Iraq's Sunnis from power had given rise to the Islamic State's insurgency which threatened their close ties with Baghdad. According to Reuters, “Once Iran came to see Maliki as too divisive and withdrew its backing, it removed a thorn in relations with Riyadh.”
But the agency recognizes much mutual suspicion remains. Iran sees the ruling family in Riyadh as stooges for their American foes and hasn't forgotten their support for Iraq in its eight-year war with Iran in the 1980s. Saudi Arabia, for its part, still fears that Iran's leaders remain determined to export their 1979 Islamic Revolution, “not least to Lebanon or the wealthy Sunni-ruled monarchies of the Gulf.”
The foreign policies of both countries have become more sectarian. Saudi Arabia competes for leadership of the Sunni world with Qatar and Turkey and supports Sunni insurgents in Iraq and Syria. Iran backs the Shia opposition in Bahrain, a close Saudi ally, and the Houthis in Yemen.
The Houthi belong to a particular offshoot of Shia Islamic and have important religious differences with the Twelver Shiism the Iranian regime adheres to. But as The American Interest notes, “sectarian distinctions within Shiism have certainly not stopped Iran from backing Syria's Alawite-dominated Assad regime.”
The Iranian-Saudi rivalry, then, is not purely sectarian. It is as much about interests. The Iranians worry about being almost surrounded by an informal alliance that ties together Azerbaijan, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and the other Gulf monarchies — perhaps even Afghanistan. The Saudis are apprehensive about Iran disturbing the status quo where-ever it can: in Iraq, by propping up a Shia government in Baghdad, in neighboring Gulf states, by fueling Shia discontent, and in Yemen, by supporting the Houthi uprising.
The New York Times reported back in 2012 that “a relatively small but steady stream of automatic rifles, grenade launchers, bomb-making material and several million dollars in cash” was flowing from Iran into Yemen. That steady support now appears to have given the Houthis the upper hand. Al Jazeera reports they have seized much of the capital, “capping a decade-long uprising against the government.” The prime minister reportedly resigned. Some military units appear to have sided with the rebels.
The surprise Houthi offensive could set off a struggle with the dominant Sunni Islamist party in Yemen, al-Islah, which, according to Al Jazeera, they have identified as their arch-enemy — bringing the sectarian war that engulfs most of the Middle East to Yemen as well.
Iranian-Saudi rapprochement, it seems, will have to wait.
As much as Kevin Feige has tried to dismiss the rumors surrounding The Avengers' mysterious alien threat, it seems like the newest round of leaked product images has revealed them… and they're Skrulls.
I know, I'm just as confused as you are. You see, Marvel Studios' head honcho Kevin Feige has been pretty adamant about not having Skrulls in The Avengers. They can call them whatever they want, but the creatures in these pictures look exactly like the much feared, pointy eared, space invaders of the Marvel Universe.
I have a suspicion that all of this is part of some licensing dispute with Fox, the studio that currently owns the rights to the Fantastic Four. After all, they bought the rights to a ton of characters in the late 90's, among which was probably Super-Skrull and their minions. So, to avoid a dispute with Fox, Marvel has decided to change the name of their baddies… but they can change the name to whatever they want, we all know that they're still Skrulls.
Showing all 7 items
A new theme park, built on the original site of Jurassic Park, creates a genetically modified hybrid dinosaur, the Indominus Rex, which escapes containment and goes on a killing spree. jgp3553@yahoo.com
Twenty-two years after the original Jurassic Park failed, the new park, also known as Jurassic World, is open for business. After years of studying genetics, the scientists on the park genetically engineer a new breed of dinosaur, the Indominus Rex. When everything goes horribly wrong, will our heroes make it off the island? ahmetkozan
Jurassic World has been running with great success for more than a decade in the wake of the disaster that haunted the island twenty-two years ago. The park's geneticists have once again broken scientific and ethical boundaries in order to raise attendance for the park, now experiencing a decline in happy customers. Convinced that the new attraction will bring in many more people, but having crossed the line once again, the results may be devastating. Ed Morales
Twenty-two years after John Hammond envisioned a theme park full of dinosaurs, Jurassic World is a reality. Although it is everything they originally hoped it would be, attendance in the last decade has been lackluster. With the future of the park hanging in the balance, InGen scientists genetically engineer a new hybrid "attraction", the Indominus Rex. When their new creation turns on them, will anyone get out alive? Mario Saltalamacchia
Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park (1993), Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park, Jurassic World, as originally envisioned by John Hammond. After ten years of operation and visitor rates declining, in order to fulfill a corporate mandate, a new attraction is created to re-spark visitors' interest, the Indominus Rex, which backfires horribly. InGen159260
RTL Nieuws have photos in their possession that give more information about the circumstances of the disaster with flight MH17. According to the news agency, the photos and an interview with the man who took them prove that the disaster was very likely caused by an anti-aircraft missile fired from a separatist region in eastern Ukraine.
It involves a series of three high resolution photos taken shortly after the firing of the missile and immediately after the plane crashed. The photos were taken in the vicinity of the crash site. The first two pictures show a vertical plume, which seems to come from where the missile was launched. The third picture shows a large black plume of smoke, probably from where the plane come down. RTL Nieuws did not publish the photos, to protect the privacy of the photographer.
RTL Nieuws also spoke to a photographer, who remains anonymous to protect their privacy. "I photographed that white line. At the time I did not know what it meant. For me it was just a white stripe: from the horizon up to the clouds where it disbanded. Only later it became clear what it was." The photographer handed their camera in to the International Commission of Inquiry. They also spoke to a Dutch and Australian investigator.
According to IT security firm Fox-IT and Eduard de Kam, an expert in the field of digital photography, there is no sign of manipulation in the photos. Former Air Force Commander Theo Walker, who was responsible for shooting missiles from the ground at Defense, also viewed the photos. "What you see here is very likely the trail of a missile, of a rocket that was fired." they said to RTL Nieuws.
TU Delft and satellite company Netherlands Geomatics & Earth Observation (NEO) investigated where the plume originated, based on the photographs. This investigation led to a field, which looks strange on satellite images of a few days after the disaster. The rocket was most likely fired from this field, which was in rebel territory on July 17th. "On the image before the diaster we see a normal field with wheat on it. But after the disaster we see a black spot. That black spot can be burnt land." says Corné van der Sande of NEO.
The Public Prosecutor has confirmed that it has the photos in its possession and that they form part of the criminal investigation into the disaster.
Many of you had questions regarding how to get Newman running within a Docker container. Following that, we decided to release the official Docker image of Newman. Head over to the docker hub and pull your copy.
Getting Started
The following bits are straight from the README of newman-docker Github repository…
To begin, ensure that you have docker installed and running in your system. Docker has extensive installation guideline for popular operating systems. Choose your operating system and follow the instructions. A quick test to see if docker is installed correctly is to execute the command docker run hello-world and it should run without errors.
Step 1 – Pull the newman docker image
docker pull mail carrier/newman_ubuntu1404 1 docker pull mail carrier / newman_ubuntu1404
Step 2 – Run newman commands on the image
docker run -t mail carrier/newman_ubuntu1404 --url="https://www.getmail carrier.com/collections/8a0c9bc08f062d12dcda" 1 docker run - t mail carrier / newman_ubuntu1404 -- url = "https://www.getmail carrier.com/collections/8a0c9bc08f062d12dcda"
At this stage, you should see Newman running the collection and the output being visible on the terminal. The entrypoint to the docker image is newman and as such, all command line parameters of newman can be used here. You can also run locally stored collection files. The README of the image outlines the procedure of mounting shared data volumes to achieve this.
Too many new terminologies?
Newman is a command-line collection runner for Postman. It allows you to effortlessly run and test your API endpoints, within Postman Collections, directly from the command-line. It is built with extensibility in mind so that you can easily integrate it with your continuous integration servers and build systems.
On the other hand, Docker allows you to package an application with all of its dependencies into a standardised unit for software development. Visit https://www.docker.com/whatisdocker to read more about how docker can drastically simplify development and deployment.
Together, you can now run Newman command-line tool in a way it has been packaged by us without being bothered about operating system dependencies, environment setup, etc.
Superbook details, sneak peek at the new Andromium OS, and our press kit View this email in your browser Get pumped. The Superbook is almost here.
Hey there!
Thanks for signing up for the Superbook mailing list. We're excited to launch the Superbook Kickstarter Campaign on June 15th and want to share with you some early details and a sneak peek before anyone else.
(Don't worry, we'll only send you important information and details about giveaways / contests - nothing more.) Sneak peek at the new Andromium OS Shhh! Can you keep a secret? We're about to launch a brand new Andromium OS with a clean, sleek design to match the aesthetics of the Superbook. The new Andromium OS will be available exclusively for Superbook users for a limited time. We're giving you an early look at the design - let us know what you think and what else you'd like to see! Email us at hello@andromiumos.com. How does the Superbook work? A few of you have asked for more info about the Superbook and how it works, so we thought we'd share with you some additional details. The Superbook is a laptop shell, purposefully engineered to give any Android smartphone the capabilities of a complete, internet-connected laptop. We've built into the hardware the technology to translate video data over USB, meaning it's universally compatible with nearly any Android smartphone. Just download our Andromium app from the Play store, connect your smartphone to the Superbook, and that's it - your Superbook is ready for use!
Want to learn more? Ask the team questions at hello@andromiumos.com. Want our press kit? We've been getting a lot of inquiries from media folks to get more information on the Superbook and our crowdfunding launch. If you'd like to receive the press kit ahead of time, send a request at www.getsuperbook.com/press. We'll be sending out press kit info to verified press individuals, with specs and photos, ahead of our launch. That's it for now! Be on the lookout for our upcoming Sharing is Caring contest for your chance to win a Superbook.
Love,
The Superbook Team
An amended version of House Bill 1310, which would permit schools to allow trained staff to have a concealed carry firearm was given a "do pass" recommendation Friday by a 10-2 vote.
Bills similar to HB1310 have passed the House in past sessions but have been killed in the Senate.
"I think we have a pretty good bill," R-Chuck Damschen, R-Hampden, said.
A series of amendments were approved for HB1310. These include limiting the number of schools that can apply for having a trained individual conceal carry to 10. Participating schools would have to report to the Department of Public Instruction, which in turn would report to lawmakers.
Those trained would need to have 80 hours of training equivalent to what is done in South Dakota with a school sentinel law it has in place.
Provisions relating to liability were removed, and schools would need to provide post-traumatic stress disorder programming for the aftermath of any potential incident.
Supporters of HB1310 have said it's aimed at providing an option for rural schools without a school resource officer for protection since the enforcement response time can be very lengthy.
A large majority of school officials as well as all education organizations that testified on HB1310 were opposed. Liability was a key concern along with the possibility of a person authorized to carry making a situation worse, not better, if an incident were to occur.
Damschen said the idea is to take small steps by limiting the number of schools, adding that, "if we can get a couple districts and get some facts" over the next two years, it could lead to improvements and expansion of such a program.
House Bill 1169 was passed out of committee on Thursday by a 12-0 vote. It would allow people over the age of 21 to carry without a permit if not otherwise prohibited by law.
Primary bill sponsor Rep. Rick Becker, R-Bismarck, says, since the state already is an open-carry state, the bill shouldn't be a concern. Several states already have constitutional carry and North Dakota is one of a few weighing it this year.
HB1169 was also cleaned up with multiple amendments.
Ensuring people eligible for constitutional carry are North Dakota residents and have a state-issued identification was passed.
A "duty to inform" amendment also passed. Duty to inform requires those with a concealed firearm to immediately inform law enforcement of their status when pulled over or approached by an officer on the street.
The bills, along with several other pieces of gun legislation, will be up for House floor votes early next week.
(CNN) Researchers in the United Kingdom have developed a graphene-based sieve that can filter salt out of seawater, a development that could provide drinking water to millions of people around the globe.
The applications could be a game-changer in countries where access to safe, clean, drinkable water is severely limited.
Now, the team at Manchester has used a compound of graphene, known as graphene oxide, to create a rigid sieve that could filter out salt using less energy.
Overcoming hurdles
In recent years, there had been some success in water filtration using graphene oxide to sift out other smaller nanoparticles and organic molecules.
But researchers had struggled to move forward after finding that the membrane's pores would swell up when immersed in water, allowing particles to continue to pass through.
Rahul Nair's team at Manchester now claims it has discovered how to control of the expansion and size of the pores.
leaving behind uncontaminated, clean, drinking water. Writing Monday in the Nature Nanotechnology journal , the team revealed it was able to restrict pore-swelling by coating the material with epoxy resin composite that prevented the sieve from expanding. This means common salt crystals could continue to be filtered out, whileleaving behind uncontaminated, clean, drinking water.
The discovery is "a significant step forward and will open new possibilities for improving the efficiency of desalination technology," Nair said in a statement from the university
"This is the first clear-cut experiment in this regime. We also demonstrate that there are realistic possibilities to scale up the described approach and mass produce graphene-based membranes with required sieve sizes," they added.
Global implications
Boosting global access to water is critical. By 2025, 14% of the global population will suffer from water scarcity, the United Nations predicts . In addition, climate change is expected to wreak havoc on urban water supplies, with decreased rainfall and rising temperatures expected to fuel demand.
JUST WATCHED Super substance may yield tech 'miracles'​ Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Super substance may yield tech 'miracles'​ 01:41
Cities have been investing heavily in diversifying their water supplies , including developing new desalination technologies to make seawater potable. But existing, industrial-scale desalination plants can be costly and normally involve one of two methods: distillation through thermal energy, or filtration of salt from water using polymer-based membranes.
These techniques have drawn criticism from environmentalists , who argue they involve large amounts of energy, produce greenhouse gases and can be harm marine organisms.
What's next?
The graphene-oxide breakthrough has been welcomed by scientists in the field as a promising development, but some are cautious of the next steps.
"The selective separation of water molecules from ions by physical restriction of interlayer spacing opens the door to the synthesis of inexpensive membranes for desalination," wrote Ram Devanathan of the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, in an accompanying news-and-views article in the journal.
More work still needs to be done to test the durability of the barriers and to confirm the membrane is resistant to "fouling by organics, salt and biological material," they said.
Water treatment with membranes that separate water molecules from ions, pathogens and pollutants has been proposed as an energy-efficient solution to the freshwater crisis, Devanathan added.
"The ultimate goal is to create a filtration device that will produce potable water from seawater or waste water with minimal energy input."
in honor of my love of bagels (and reconciliation with an oven!) i decided to finally give making them myself a go... and i was well impressed with the results!
using isa chandra moskowitz's recipe, from their fab book vegan brunch , i whipped up a batch of gorgeous, fresh bagels in under 2 hours - amaze!
how?
3 tablespoons of sugar
1 1/2 cups of lukewarm water
7g dry active yeast
4 cups of plain flour
2 tablespoons of wheat gluten
2 teaspoons of salt
dissolve 1 tablespoon of the sugar in the lukewarm water in a bowl, add the yeast, set aside.
combine the flour, wheat gluten, salt and remaining sugar into the mixer bowl of your kitchenaid (or equivalent) mixer bowl or large mixing bowl if you'd prefer to knead by hand - mix to combine.
Add the yeast mixture and knead for at least 10 minutes to form a dough that is "neither dry nor wet but nicety tacky"
transfer your dough into an oiled bowl (I used a large glasslock bowl with a fab click-top lid) and cover with clingfilm, and place in a warm sunny spot for at least an hour until it has increased by half it's volume and is "nicely springy."
bring a large pot of salted water to the boil, preheat oven to 220'C
transfer the springy dough to a dry, clean surface and divide into 12 even pieces. roll each piece into a ball and then push your thumbs through the middle and roll the dough under into a doughnut shape. stretch out the hole slightly and set aside until all your dough has been shaped. place the shaped bagels into the boiling water (lowering to a simmer) in batches of 3.
The bagels should rise to the top - cook for 1 minute, flip and cook for a further min on the otherwise. remove from the pot with a slotted spoon, draining off any excess liquid and place on a baking tray lined with parchment. repeat until all bagels have been boiled. place the baking tray into the preheated oven and cook for 18 minutes or until "nice and amber brown"
leave bagels to cool for 30 minutes - then enjoy just as they are or topped with your fav bagel toppings - yum!!
makes 12 small or 6-8 large bagels
The human brain is a little bit less of a mystery today, thanks to new maps from neuroscientists at Washington University Medical School. Not only did they identify more brain regions than previous maps, they also made a machine-learning program to re-create a new map for any brain, which will help scientists and doctors study individual differences in brain structure and disease, and will hopefully lead to new ways to diagnose brain disorders.
The new map of the brain's outermost crinkled layer, called the cerebral cortex, was published in Nature today. David Van Essen, the lead mapmaker, calls it a landmark study for the Human Connectome Project, which they head.
The new human brain map has 180 regions on both the left and right halves.
Researcher Matthew Glasser says that unlike many previous studies, this map considers several features of the brain simultaneously to mark its boundaries. Some neuroscientists still define brain regions based on a historical map called Brodmann's areas that was published in 1909. That map divided each half of the brain into 52 regions. Each hemisphere on the new map has 180 regions.
Glasser defined these regions by looking for places where multiple traits—such as the thickness of the cortex, its function, or its connectivity to other regions—were changing together. After drawing the map onto one set of brains, the researchers developed an algorithm to recognize the regions in a new set of brains where the size and boundaries vary from person to person. “It's not just a map that people can make reference to,” Glasser says. “You can actually find the areas in the individuals that somebody is studying.”
Dani Bassett, a neuroscientist at the University of Pennsylvania who was not involved in the study, says that using this map to better understand individual differences is the most exciting part for them They also noted it's important for defining brain regions based on both anatomy and function, not one or the other. “It addressed a longstanding question that has been very contentious and they do it in a beautiful, data-driven approach,” they say.
Researchers used an MRI scanner to watch brain activity while participants listened to stories. Red and yellow indicate regions of activation.
Van Essen also notes that a major goal of this map is to help unify neuroscience by providing a framework for brain imaging studies to be more readily comparable and replicable, a particularly salient point given recent controversies questioning the validity of thousands of brain imaging studies.
Duan Xu, a researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, who was not involved in the study, says “it is great to see that the Human Connectome Project is delivering on some of these high-quality investigations of the cortex.” The $40 million National Institutes of Health endeavor to create the most detailed circuit diagram, or connectome, of the human brain began in 2010.
This map could help scientists and doctors create better ways for diagnosing brain disorders, although exactly how it will be used remains to be seen. “I am an optimist,” Xu says. “I think in a few years we should be able to do this in the clinical setting.”
Rio de Janeiro, February 20, Interfax - Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia has called on Orthodox Christians and Catholics to join efforts in the fight against the ousting of Christian values.
“We still have some doctrinal disagreements, but no one is preventing us from fighting, hand in hand, to end the persecutions, the ousting of Christian values, to end the de-Christianization of the 21st century human civilization,” the patriarch said, after conducting a prayer service near the Jesus Christ statue on Mount Corcovado, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, the world's largest Catholic country, on Saturday.
All travelers, especially seafarers, know, and not so much these days as they did in the days when the Americas were being discovered: when the human ability to weather a storm or other hardships runs out, there is always hope for the power of God, the Russian Church leader said.
Today, many Christians are being killed in the Middle East and Africa, their churches and monasteries are being destroyed, and whole settlements and towns of believers are being exterminated, all the while, the global community has been unable to work out joint approaches on how to combat terrorism, and “very often attempts to defeat terrorism involve the attaining of other ends far from this declared goal,” thus instilling “the fear of a greater war.”
You didn't have to listen that closely to hear the sighs of relief coming from Toronto after its mayor ended the city's Olympic flirtation.
By now, the arguments for passing on a mega-event like the Olympics are so airtight that it's tough to dispute the economic analysis that debunks claims that hosting is a net benefit to tourism, trade or employment. More viscerally, images of vacant stadiums and crumbling venues around the world also don't help the Olympic case.
For a mere $20 US, tourists can wobble around on Segways in the Bird's Nest, a classic $460-million overreach by Beijing, which boasts 91,000 now largely empty seats. In sheer dollar terms, Russia has that beat with its $9.4-billion road to nowhere, a staggering ode to corruption and Olympic boondogglery.
White elephants of that magnitude are hard to envision in Canada, but they do illustrate the costs an eager host city is willing to incur, particularly in the scramble to finish construction before the curtain is raised.
As Toronto put aside its 2024 ambitions, speculation immediately turned toward the prospects for Calgary or Quebec City taking a shot at 2026. If either were to throw a tuque into the Olympic ring, the odds that a successful bid will avoid the winner's curse aren't good. But that doesn't mean it's not possible.
"There are a couple of things that could work," Andrew Zimbalist, an economics professor at Smith College and the author of Circus Maximus: The Economics of Hosting the Olympics and the World Cup, told CBC News.
"One of them is just a city playing hardball [with the International Olympic Committee] and saying, 'There's only so much we're going to invest in this.' You also have to plan carefully and be frugal."
Spectacle vs. prudence
The pressures of winning a competitive bid against cities willing to promise a bigger spectacle makes prudence an idea that's nice in theory, but tough to pull off in practice.
Los Angeles and Barcelona are often held up as models of how the Olympics can be done right, but duplicating their success is no easy trick.
Circa 1984, hosting wasn't the prize it is today. Protests and violence distinguished Mexico City in 1968. Four years later Munich ended in tragedy, while cost overruns in 1976 had just made Montreal a fiscal cautionary tale for other potential hosts.
A lack of other suitors allowed Los Angeles to negotiate a sweet deal with the IOC, which guaranteed to cover any losses. Today, bidders don't hold nearly the same amount of leverage.
Canada's olympic athletes participate in the opening ceremonies at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. (Canadian Press)
While the pendulum is swinging against the IOC — the low point occurring when four European cities pulled out of the race for 2022 — only a few candidates are needed to spark a bidding war.
A propaganda blitz by the IOC that culminated in its so-called Agenda 2020, a nod toward instilling more financial responsibility back into the proceedings, now appears to be helping recuperate the Olympics in the minds of some. Absent Toronto, the list of bidders for 2024 includes heavy hitters such as Paris, Rome and, once again, Los Angeles.
Could Calgary or Quebec City craft a winning bid that's also fiscally responsible? Perhaps, but history isn't on their side.
"Even though [the IOC] talks about liking frugality and liking affordability, they have to say those things," said Zimbalist. "What they really want is a spectacular Olympics, so cities playing hardball might be the kiss of death for any real hope to host the Games."
How to do it right
In 1992, Barcelona became the gold standard for how to mix urban planning and the Olympics. A decade removed from Franco's authoritarian rule, Barcelona saw the Olympics as a chance to further emerge from that shadow. A Canadian city looking to use that same blueprint will need to ensure the Olympics fits into preexisting plans and not the other way around.
Evidence of the Barcelona model in action shows up in Vancouver's SkyTrain line to the airport and its new convention centre. Vancouver, at least in terms of municipal self-interest, also benefited from more than half a billion in federal and provincial money that only materialized because of the Olympics.
"I don't think we would have got it otherwise," Robert Vanwynsberghe, a University of British Columbia professor who's researched the after-effects of the 2010 Olympics, told CBC News in an interview.
"I think that's the principle reason cities are thinking about this, especially in the Canadian context."
On the other side of the ledger, Vancouver's Athletes Village was a serious misstep, as were broken promises concerning affordable housing.
Warm and fuzzy
Beyond dollars and cents, the Olympics also come with softer benefits like civic pride, lasting memories, and athletic legacy that need to be weighed. Hard as it is to put a price tag on that value, the public popularity and political palatability of the Olympics is more certain.
In a city with warm and fuzzy feelings about 1988, Calgary mayor Naheed Nenshi caused a ripple by leaving the door open on a bid after Toronto passed. When asked again by CBC News if serious thought were being given to 2026 they took the chance to pour some cold water on the possibility.
"I get lots and lots of people with lots and lots of ideas calling me every single day and I usually say, 'Let's flesh this out a little more'," Nenshi said. "This is one of those where it's probably worth doing a little more fleshing out."
Olympic economics are defined by blown budgets and underperforming revenues. At the same time, the Games are also a great party and loved by voters. That's worth something. The question for every city is figuring out how much.
63.6k SHARES THIS STORY
Leave it to the right wing to take one of our most sacred rights and turn it into a hateful weapon that goes against everything this country stands for. Last night, armed Arizona bigots and unapologetic racists congregated outside of the Islamic Community Center in Phoenix, to “protest” the existence of Muslims and to ostensibly hold another cartoon contest depicting the Prophet Muhammed (عليه السلام).
The anti-Islamic protesters wore shirts that said “F**K Islam”, many openly carried assault weapons, intimidated and insulted muslims with gun-totting, slur-filled tirades, and shouted at the top of their lungs about America being a “Christian nation”.
They were met outside the mosque by counter-protesters, who carried peace signs and preached tolerance to the bigots. The police were out in heavy force, keeping the two sides divided and preventing the inevitable brawl. The cartoon contest was quickly forgotten; only two people sketched drawings and were both declared winners.
The irony of the whole thing is that the people under attack responded with the most reason and tolerance of anyone involved. Usama Shami, the president of the Islamic Community Center of Phoenix, said prior to the event: “Everybody has a right to be a bigot. Everybody has a right to be a racist. Everybody has a right to be an idiot,” Shami said, according to a local NBC affiliate. “It will be the same as every Friday evening and we're going to tell our members what we've told them before: not to engage them. They're not looking for an intellectual conversation. They're looking to stir up controversy and we're not going to be a part of it.”
The protest dwindled after four hours, but it is an ugly blemish on our nation and the way we treat minorities. The hypocrisy is incredible. What do you suppose Christians would have done if protesters surrounded their church with guns and offensive cartoons of Jesus? It all points to some very disturbing developments in America- this nonsense about free speech provides a very convenient excuse. The Republican gun-lobby war-hawks have seized on the issue of radical Islam and are whipping the idiots of this country into a frenzy, a campaign of xenophobia and hate-mongering against Muslims that is taking place at the same time as a campaign to paint ISIS as a threat to America and that President Obama's foriegn policy is “weak”. All the Republican presidential candidates are all incredibly ignorant of foreign policy but seem utterly determined to get our nation to go back to war in the Middle East. It's all eerily similar to the buildup that led to the invasion of Iraq in 2003, and if we aren't careful, we could find ourselves right back there.
Watch it if you must:
and here is an awesome counterprotest:
Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here.
Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President's crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
By the close of World War II, Army Sgt. Joe Kieyoomia shared something with the secret words employed by the Navajo Code Talkers: both were like granite against Japanese efforts to break them.
Captured after the fall of the Philippines in 1942, Kieyoomia lived 43 months in Japanese prison camps. A member of New Mexico's famed 200th Coast Artillery unit, they survived the notorious Bataan Death March that killed thousands of starved U.S. soldiers.As a POW, Kieyoomia lived on meager meals of rice laced with weevils. They say they watched as weakened Americans were ordered to dig their graves, then were shot by Japanese guards.
"At the end of one week, they told me I was going to be next," says Kieyoomia, 72. "But a few days later, I was sent to the Japanese mainland."
Kieyoomia says their captors at a Nagasaki prison initially tortured them because - judging from their surname - they thought they were Japanese-American.
"I told them I was Navajo," Kieyoomia says, their crystal-blue eyes turning defiant behind a wrinkled face and a pair of bifocals as they sat outside their remote home on the Navajo reservation in northwestern New Mexico and told their war story.
"They didn't believe me," they say, shaking their head. "The only thing they understood about Americans was black and white. I guess they didn't know about Indians."
After months of beatings, Kieyoomia says, the Japanese accepted their claim to Navajo ancestry. But they say the torture that followed was worse.
"One day, two Japanese women visited me," they say. "They wrote Navajo words in English and asked what they meant. So, I told them: `This means bird, this means turtle, this means water.' "
Kieyoomia says they now think the Japanese were baffled after hearing the Navajo Code Talkers speak in their language, which was unwritten at the time. Unable to comprehend the sounds, they turned to their captive Navajo.
The code, used by Navajo Marines to relay information across the Pacific, had the Navajo language as its basis but developed a secret vocabulary in which armaments were renamed as everyday Navajo words.
When the Japanese questioned Kieyoomia, their translations were useless.
"I didn't know about the code," they say.
One winter day, a guard marched Kieyoomia - stripped naked - from their tiny cell onto an icy parade ground. Kieyoomia says the Japanese told them they couldn't return inside until they revealed the Navajo code.
"It was 27 degrees outside. They made me stand one hour in snow this deep," they say, spreading their hands 6 inches. "The guard said if I moved, they would shoot me."
Finally granted permission to return, Kieyoomia says they couldn't walk because their feet had frozen to the ground. They say the guard shoved him, causing the skin on the bottom of their feet to tear.
"I left my soles on that parade ground," they say.
Beatings continued almost daily. Kieyoomia says at one point, they could no longer use their right leg. When they tried starvation, guards beat them until they ate.
"I wanted to die," they say softly. "Many times, I thought I was close."
But Kieyoomia lived.
They survived the second atomic bomb dropped by the Americans on Nagasaki at war's end, saying they were protected by the concrete walls of their cell. They were abandoned for three days after the bombing but says a Japanese officer finally freed him.
Returning home, they regained the use of their wounded leg, and their feet healed.
Years later, Kieyoomia says, they learned of the Code Talkers and their accomplishments.
"I salute the Code Talkers," they say as they display their 12 service medals, framing a handsome portrait from their Army youth. "And even if I knew about their code, I wouldn't tell the Japanese."
BOOM! FBI Reopening FOIA Request into Clinton-Lynch Tarmac Meeting
FOX News host Sean Hannity took to Twitter Tuesday evening to announce to their over 2.7 million followers that the FBI is reopening a FOIA request submitted by American Center for Law and Justice organization in relation to the infamous Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting.
“The ACLJ is reporting that the FBI is reopening its FOIA request into the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting… More at 10pm #Hannity,” tweeted Sean Hannity.
https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/897623956353564676
On Monday, the ACLJ announced it submitted FOIA-obtained documents regarding the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting to the Senate Judiciary Committee.
ACLJ reports:
We just delivered 413 pages of documents on the clandestine Clinton-Lynch meeting to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee. These documents – relevant to the Committee's ongoing oversight of former Obma Attorney General Loretta Lynch, and specifically their role in the criminal investigation of former Secretary Hillary Clinton – were received as a result of our litigation against the Department of Justice for failing to comply with the requirements of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). In addition to the FOIA-obtained documents, we also provided the Senate Judiciary Committee a complete timeline of the most relevant communications and events that occurred after Attorney General Lynch secretly met with former President Bill Clinton on July 27, 2016, on the Phoenix Airport tarmac. This timeline and these documents include evidence of: Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch's alias email account;
Numerous redactions, including main “talking points,” in circumvention of FOIA;
Comey-led FBI lies on the existence of requested documents;
DOJ-Media collusion;
A White House connection; and
Revelations that Obama-loyalists are now investigating themselves. In our letter, we urged the Senate Judiciary Committee “to thoroughly complete their oversight in order to ensure the American people that our judicial system is indeed blindly applicable to everyone.”
President Trump's attorney, Jay Sekulow, read the timeline breakdown of the Lynch-Clinton tarmac docs on their radio show Friday morning.
Sekulow pointed out that upper level crisis management stepped in and responded to an email inquiry within ONE MINUTE of the news breaking that Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton met on the Phoenix tarmac in June of 2016. The internal panic is very telling. The Obama administration along with Lynch and Comey were doing everything they could to get this under control by creating talking points to deceive the public.
Jay Sekulow also found an email directly connecting the Obama White House to the AG Lynch scandal. This is an incredible discovery by Sekulow and their team as they uncover more lies about this tarmac meeting.
Below is a timeline breakdown of the first 30 minutes of the news breaking over the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting via the lawyers at ACLJ. Crisis management stepped in and responded within ONE MINUTE of the email inquiry about the meeting. The first email was sent at 1:14 PM, the response was at 1:15 PM. The full breakdown can be read here.
The full document production, including the still redacted talking points can be found here.
June 28, 2016 Email Chain: “Bill Clinton meeting?” 1:14pm – Mike Levine (ABC News) to Melanie Newman (Director of DOJ Office for Public Affairs) (OPA) [0001] [0099] [0104] [0107] [0111] [0116] Content : “Hey guys, wanted to address something ASAP…Apparently our affiliate in Phoenix is hearing that the AG met with Bill Clinton on a plane last night for close to an hour. They seem to think it's somehow connected to the Benghazi report released today (“I'm not sure what the connection would be). But hoping I can provide them some guidance ASAP. Thanks.” Context : First media request about Clinton/Lynch Meeting.
[0001] [0099] [0104] [0107] [0111] [0116] 1:15pm – Newman (OPA) forwards ABC emails to Carolyn Pokorny (Deputy Chief of Staff & Counselor to AG Lynch) (OAG) and Kevin Lewis (Press Secretary for DOJ to AG Lynch) (OPA) [0001] [0099] [0104] [0107] [0111] [0115] Content : “We need to talk. I'm on cell (redacted (b)(6))” Context : Based on the time zone, Pokorny and Lewis appear to have been with the AG. Note: Email Sent to senior OAG Officials within 1 min of story breaking.
1:16pm (10:15 AM PST) – Pokorny (OAG) to Newman (OPA). [0099] [0103] [0106] [0111] [0115] Content : “+Matt. I'm free. I will get a conference line.” Note: Within 2 min, Matthew Axlerod (ODAG), the Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General (#2 to DAG Yates), was added to the conversation. Their current bio states that they “ took the lead in advising on crisis management within the DOJ , working closely with the White House, Congress, the FBI, and the media on DOJ's most sensitive and high-profile matters . ”
[0099] [0103] [0106] [0111] [0115] 1:17pm – Newman (OPA) to Levine (ABC) [0001] Content : “What's your number?”
1:17PM – Pokorny (OAG) Emails [0103] [0106] [0110] [0115] Content : “Dial-in: (Redacted (b)(6)). Passcode: (Redacted (b)(6)).”
1:18pm: – Lewis (OPA) Emails [0001] [0099] Content : “+SF and Uma” Context : This denotes that at this time, Shirlethia Franklin (Deputy Chief of Staff & Counselor to AG Lynch) (OAG) and Uma Amuluru (Counselor to the AG) (OAG) were added to the conversation.
1:20PM – Shirlethia Franklin (OAG) to Lewis (OPA) cc'ing Pokorny (OAG), Newman (OPA), Mathew Axelrod (Associate Deputy AG to AG Sally Yates) (ODAG), and Amuluru (OAG) [0099] Content : “I can step out and hop on a call. Is there a conference line?”
1:24pm: – Levine (ABC) emails Newman (OPA) [0002] Content : “Are you in your office? I can [come] by in like 15 or so.”
1:25PM – Lewis (OPA) Emails [0103] [0110] Content : “I need to stay at the event right now because press is here. The press avail starts in about 40 minutes.”
1:25PM – Franklin (OAG) Emails [0103] [0106] [0110] [0114] Content : “Kevin – I'll fill you in. Shirlethia.”
1:26PM – Amuluru (OAG) to Franklin (OAG) cc'ing Lewis (OPA), Newman (OPA), Pokorny (OAG), Axelrod (ODAG) [0103] [0106] [0110] [0114] Content : “Same”
1:29pm: – Newman (OPA) to Levine (ABC) [0002] Content : “I'm not but heading back. I'll call you.”
1:32PM: Levine (ABC) to Newman (OPA) [0002] Content : “Sounds good thx.
1:44PM – Newman (OPA) Emails [0102] [0105] [0109] [0114] Content : “Adding Peter to this chain for review. Peter – feel free to call me to discuss. 202-305-1920. Draft Statement: (Redacted(b)(5))”
Below is Jay Sekulow discussing upper level crisis management immediately stepping in to put the Lynch-Clinton tarmac fire out.
https://twitter.com/cristinalaila1/status/896072903950606336?ref_src=twsrc% 5Etfw&ref_url=http% 3A% 2F% 2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com% 2F2017% 2F08% 2Fstunning-timeline-breakdown-lynch-clinton-docs-shows-crisis-management-panicking-within-one-minute-news-broke-tarmac-meeting% 2F
Alliance of senior doctors warns that health service will be at risk without the extra funds, with the Lib Dems the only party to make any such pledge
Labour and the Conservatives have rejected a plea from doctors' leaders to “put their money where their mouth is” and guarantee the NHS an extra £8bn a year by 2020.
The two main parties have spurned the pre-election demand by an alliance of bodies representing GPs, hospital consultants, A&E specialists and other doctors that they commit to finding the “substantial” sum if they form the next government. The Lib Dems have pledged the extra funding.
The NHS needs an extra £8bn a year to survive and meet its challenges | Letters from Dr Maureen Baker, Professor Jane Dacre and others Read more
Simon Stevens, NHS England's chief executive, has made clear that the service will need at least an extra £8bn a year by the end of the next parliament if it is to remain viable in the face of mounting pressures and unprecedented demand for care linked to the ageing population. That would take the NHS's budget, currently £113bn, to over £120bn.
In a letter to the Guardian, the leaders of six medical royal colleges warn that without at least the extra £8bn, the NHS's future will be at risk. They have increased the pressure on the parties over what is expected to be a key issue in the forthcoming election campaign by stressing that their recent pledges of extra cash risk being seen as mere “window dressing”.
The letter says: “All the major parties say they want to maintain the NHS as a service that delivers excellent patient care, free at the point of access. But voters, concerned about the future of their health service, will want to see the parties vying for their support put their money where their mouth is and pledge to increase investment in the NHS in line with the sums for which the politically-neutral Mr Stevens is calling”.
Signatories include Dr Maureen Baker, chair of the Royal College of GPs, Prof Jane Dacre, president of the Royal College of Physicians (hospital doctors) and Dr David Richmond, president of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. It has also been signed by the leaders of the equivalent organisations representing anaesthetists, psychiatrists and paediatricians and child health experts in the NHS, and A&E doctors.
They point out that the highly respected Commonwealth Fund, an American thinktank, has rated the NHS as one of the most equitable and cost-effective health systems in the world, “but this status will be put at risk if we don't fund it adequately.”
The letter adds that: “We therefore call on all the political parties taking part in the general election to commit formally to investing an additional £8bn per year in the delivery of healthcare by the end of the next parliament, in order to safeguard the future of the NHS. Without such a firm commitment, voters may view the promises of the political parties as being nothing more than window dressing.”
Stevens identified the £8bn as the minimum extra amount the NHS would need by 2020 to help close an anticipated £30bn gap in its finances when they launched the NHS Five Year Forward View, a blueprint for its future, last October. Greater NHS efficiency and productivity, as well as adopting new ways of working, will realise the other £22bn, they said.
Norman Lamb, the Liberal Democrat health and care services minister, told the Guardian their party would deliver the £8bn, citing a commitment made in January by party leader Nick Clegg.
“We have already confirmed – and no one else has, to my knowledge – that we commit to raising the £8bn,” Lamb said. “And we also call for all parties to come together this year and support a non-partisan commission to review the budgets of both the NHS and social care. We need to engage the public in a debate about how we sustain the NHS. Remember the £8bn figure depends on some pretty big assumptions about efficiency savings over the next parliament – 2% a year rising to 3%. That has never been achieved before”.
At a Guardian debate last week about the NHS, Lamb described Stevens' promise of £22bn NHS efficiency gains as an “heroic assumption”, meaning that the health service could end up needing more than the extra £8bn. Senior NHS figures share that belief.
But Labour and the Tories both refused to match the Liberal Democrats' pledge.
A Conservative spokesperson said: “We have committed to protect the NHS budget and increase it in real terms in every year of the next Parliament – and are investing an additional £2bn in the frontline from April, which Simon Stevens called ‘the funding we need for next year'. But you can only have a strong NHS with a strong economy and so Labour would put funding for the health service at risk.”
Party sources highlighted that, despite the precarious financial situation they inherited in 2010, they have since increased the NHS in England's budget by £5bn in real terms.
Despite having made the NHS their key issue since last summer, Labour also declined to commit to the £8bn.
“Labour is the only party with a fully-costed and funded plan. We will invest an extra £2.5bn a year, on top of the Tory spending plans we inherit,” said a party spokesperson.
“The Tories cannot be trusted with the NHS, whatever they say before the election. They broke their NHS promises in this parliament. And their extreme plans for £70bn of spending cuts – which go way beyond balancing the books – would put our NHS at risk.”
Chris Ham, chief executive of the King's Fund thinktank, said: “An additional £8bn a year by 2020 is the minimum requirement for the NHS is to continue to meet patient needs and maintain standards of care. The commitments made so far by the parties are welcome but in the main do not go far enough. They and the public should be under no illusions – if this funding is not found, patients will bear the cost as staff numbers are cut, waiting times rise and quality of care deteriorates.”
A .GCM file is a digital image of a Nintendo GameCube game. It's often used in collaboration with an emulator to recreate the experience of playing the console on a different medium, usually a computer. A .N64 file is a digital image of a Nintendo 64 game, and is used for the same purpose. As video games are most often read-only memory -- or ROM -- both .GCM and .N64 are types of ROM images. Converting a .N64 ROM into a .GCM ROM allows a user to play a Nintendo 64 game on a GameCube emulator. There are three methods to convert a .N64 ROM into a .GCM ROM.
Converting a .N64 file to .GCM requires patience and an understanding of ROM and emulation software.
Paradox GC-Tool Method
Step
Download or obtain the .N64 file you would like to convert.
Step
Download or obtain a .GCM digital image of "Zelda: Ocarina of Time" for the GameCube.
Step
Download and install Paradox GC-Tool. Open the program.
Video of the Day
Step
Click "File" and then click "Open GC-Iso." Select the "Zelda: Ocarina of Time" .GCM file and then click "Open."
Step
Replace the file "Zelda2p.n64" with the .N64 file you would like to convert. You will be prompted to change the file size. Ignore this prompt by clicking "No."
Step
Use a GameCube emulator to boot the newly altered "Zelda: Ocarina of Time" .GCM file, which has now been injected with the .N64 file you selected. This allows you to play the N64 game on the GameCube emulator.
Cubesoft Phoenix Method
Step
Download or obtain the .N64 file you would like to convert.
Step
Download and install Cubesoft Phoenix. Open the program.
Step
Click on the "Loaders" tab. Select "Load a Nintendo 64 ROM file."
Step
Under "Image Loading," click on the button marked "…" and then select the .N64 file you would like to convert. Click "Open."
Step
Under "Image Loading," click on the button marked "Load." Cubesoft Phoenix has a built-in N64 loader function. As a result, your .N64 file will boot successfully, despite being played on software designed for the GameCube.
GCM N64 ROMS Injector Method
Step
Download or obtain the .N64 file you would like to convert. Download or obtain a .GCM digital image of "Zelda: Ocarina of Time" for the GameCube.
Step
Download and install GCM N64 ROMS Injector. Open the program.
Step
Click on the button with the picture of a folder on it, under the section "Experience GCM Image Emulator V2.0." Select the "Zelda: Ocarina of Time" .GCM file, and click "Open."
Step
Click on the button with the picture of a folder on it, under the section "ROM to Inject." Select the .N64 file you would like to convert, and click "Open."
Step
Click "Inject." Use a GameCube emulator to boot the newly altered "Zelda: Ocarina of Time" .GCM file, which has now been injected with the .N64 file you selected. This allows you to play the N64 game on the GameCube emulator.
Among the great things about the World Economic Forum conference at Davos in Switzerland are the chance meetings. You never know which people you will bump into, but you know they will be interesting.
In this photo, I was deliberately trying to bump into Google chairperson Eric Schmidt. But as you can see, Schmidt was deep in conversation with a guy in a spotted bow tie and a suit vest covered in spooky rune symbols, on the left ...
Jim Edwards
I introduced myself to Schmidt, and we said hello and shook hands. But Schmidt was way more interested in what Mr. Spotted Bow Tie was saying. The guy on the right with the backpack is a Google PR person and they told me that they weren't going to do any media interviews. But Schmidt was in a public area of the conference, Spotted Bow Tie man really had Schmidt's ear, and so a bunch of us listened in. This kind of thing happens a lot at Davos — people just sort of grab you and pull you into conversations.
So naturally, I stayed to listen.
At first, I couldn't figure out why Schmidt was so interested in what Spotted Bow Tie was saying. They seemed to be complaining to Schmidt about the prices of iTunes and Netflix. I didn't catch it all, but the gist seemed to be something to do with the issue of dealing with all the different pricing structures in Europe. There are, after all, at least six major currencies here despite the European currency "union."
I assumed — because of the bow tie and rune waistcoat — that the man was some sort of quirky tech billionaire who no longer cared what people thought of the way they dressed.
Wrong!
Sheryl Sandberg, Eric Schmidt, and Satya Nadella at Davos. Jim Edwards Their name badge identified them as Toomas Hendrik Ilves, the president of Estonia. Now this was starting to make sense: Estonia is a tech startup hotbed, especially its capital Tallinn. TransferWise has a big office there. Their waistcoat is also quite famous, and you can see a better picture of it here.
More significantly, Ilves also used to be a member of the European Parliament. They now sit on the Council on CyberSecurity's Advisory Board. The EU is debating whether Google is a monopoly and whether the EU should require that Google be broken up as an antitrust measure, so you can see why Schmidt might have a lot of patience for Ilves. Also, the pair have met before.
As I said, I didn't catch the whole thing, but I did hear Schmidt say one interesting thing: "What Europeans don't like is America telling them what to do."
This is a truism, but it is nonetheless true. There is greater hostility to Google in Europe than there is in the US, in part because it's an American company rather than a European one. Schmidt's comment made me think that while it is unlikely the EU will actually require that Google be broken up, they at least understands that on the other side of the Atlantic, Google is a foreign entity and thus needs to tread carefully.
The Florida Department of Health (Florida Health) confirmed yesterday that there was another case of locally spread Zika in Miami, this time outside of the Wynwood neighborhood. This brings the total locally transmitted cases to 15.
Natalie Spindle, a public information office for Florida Health, said investigations into the origins of the new case were still ongoing this morning.
"We still believe active transmission is only occurring in Wynwood," they told CIDRAP News. "But this case comes from outside of that neighborhood. We're doing questioning now and will let everyone know when we have more answers."
Local transmission of Zika virus was first confirmed late last week in the Wynwood neighborhood just north of downtown Miami. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a travel advisory on Monday, warning pregnant women to stay away from that area.
In addition to local transmission, there have been 336 cases of travel-related Zika in Florida, and 55 cases in pregnant women. Infection with Zika during pregnancy can lead to severe birth defects, including microcephaly.
In a daily update yesterday, Florida Health said officials were testing people living in a 150-meter radius around known cases. Aedes mosquitoes are not known to travel more than 150 meters. Florida Health said officials are still going door to door in Wynwood to gather samples and inform community members about mosquito prevention.
In light of the new case, the CDC and Florida Health said yesterday they will begin aerial spraying with naled, an insecticide, in Miami. While naled is safe and effective in spraying against some types of mosquitoes, critics have warned that it does little to deter Aedes. But CDC Director Tom Frieden, MD, MPH, said in an Aug 1 news conference that ground spraying has been infective in reducing Aedes populations in Miami.
"Aerial treatment of areas with products that rapidly reduce both young and adult mosquitoes is a possible way to limit the number of mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus," Benjamin Haynes, a CDC spokesperson, told CIDRAP News today.
Spraying was supposed to begin today in a 10-mile area around Wynwood, but it was canceled because of weather, Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez said in a statement. The mosquito-control team will try again tonight or tomorrow morning.
Human trials to begin on NIH vaccine
In related news, today the National Institutes of Health announced the launch of a phase 1 clinical trial of VRC 319, a Zika vaccine candidate. The trial will test safety and immune response in 80 healthy adults at three sites in the United States. Results are expected in January 2017.
"NIAID worked expeditiously to ready a vaccine candidate, and results in animal testing have been very encouraging. We are pleased that we are now able to proceed with this initial study in people. Although it will take some time before a vaccine against Zika is commercially available, the launch of this study is an important step forward," said National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Directory Anthony Fauci, MD in a statement.
VRC 319 is a DNA vaccine and does not contain the Zika virus. Instead, it contains plasmid, a small circular piece of DNA, that's injected into a participant's arm. The genetic information triggers the body to make Zika virus proteins. The proteins illicit an immune system response, triggering virus-neutralizing antibodies in participants.
"A team of scientists here at NIAID worked tirelessly to rapidly develop this vaccine for clinical testing," said John Mascola, MD, director of NIAID's Vaccine Research Center. "DNA or gene-based vaccines induce antibodies, but they also can activate the cell-mediated immune response, which ultimately could yield strong and durable protection against disease."
Travel, mosquito, military developments
The CDC announced a travel restriction today to Antigua and Barbuda as well as to the Turks and Caicos Islands. Travelers recently returning from the islands have sexually transmitted the Zika virus, according to a CDC statement. The level 2 travel notice recommends practicing "enhanced precautions," including avoiding nonessential travel if you are pregnant, or you or your partner wants to get pregnant in the near future.
The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) published two new maps today showing Aedes mosquito activities in Europe. The maps show where Ae albopictus and Ae aegypti population have been found. Both mosquitoes can transmit viruses, including Zika and dengue. The EDCD said in a news release that there are reports of Ae aegypti in Turkey, and established Ae albopictus populations in Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Italy and Turkey.
Thirty-three US military service members, including one pregnant woman, have been diagnosed as having Zika virus infection, according to the Pentagon. At least six family members of the servicemen and women contracted Zika. Since about 80% of Zika cases are unreported and asymptomatic, the total number of military personnel infected is probably much higher, the Pentagon said.
See also:
Aug 2 Florida Health update
Aug 2 Miami-Dade County release on spraying
Aug 3 Mayor Gimenez's statement
Aug 3 NIH press release
CDC's Zika travel information
Crowds of anti-government protesters have taken to the streets in the Balkan state of Macedonia, as unrest unfolds in the country over a wiretapping scandal, involving the country's current leader, Nikola Gruevski.
Over 20,000 people took part in protests on Sunday in the country's capital of Skopje, marching from the government building to the Macedonian parliament, AFP reported. The protesters demanded the resignation of PM Gruevski's government, following opposition leader Zoran Zaev's accusations against them and recent ethnic clashes in the ex-Yugoslav republic.
"We have to take a stand and confront the criminals. They belong in jail, not in government," a demonstrator told Reuters. The protesters carried pictures depicting Gruevski behind bars.
The crisis, which has already been named the worst political unrest in the country since 2001, started to unravel in February, when the opposition leader released illegally gathered wiretaps alleging the government has been breaking some fundamental democratic rules. The prime minister said the tapes were doctored.
While an election is not due in Macedonia until 2018, Zaev has been calling on Gruevski to resign, with some demonstrators now saying they plan to camp out in the streets until this happens.
"The protest will continue. Some 4,600 activists, mostly young people, have said 'we'll stay regardless of whether you will or not'," the opposition leader told the NOVA online television channel, as cited by AFP.
The government leader has called their own rally for Monday, Reuters reported.
This month, Macedonia has seen the worst violence in decades, after clashes between ethnic Albanian rebels and Macedonian police in the town of Kumanovo not far from the Kosovo border left 18 people dead, including eight police officers. At least 30 people, most of them Kosovar Albanians, have been charged over the attack in the ethnically diverse city that has a strong Albanian presence.
The clashes were the worst since the 2001 insurgency, when the ethnic Albanian National Liberation Army (NLA) militant group, a KLA offshoot, began attacking security forces in Macedonia, demanding greater rights and autonomy for the country's Albanian minority. In response, NATO sent 3,500 troops to the region.
READ MORE: Macedonians rally for government resignation amid surging political unrest
Following the shooting in Kumanovo, ambassadors from the US, France, Italy, the UK, Germany, and the EU issued a joint statement threatening to “undermine” Macedonia's decade-long road towards EU and NATO membership.
Calling Macedonia a "tinderbox," political analyst Aleksandar Pavic said the current crisis "is not the first time we've seen such unrest that is ethnically motivated and instigated from the outside." Macedonia suffered a similar situation in 2001, "after which America and the Western powers came in and brokered peace that gave Albanians much more power than they had before," Pavic told RT.
"We must remember when the South Stream gas pipeline was on board, Bulgaria was also a target of destabilization, there were also people in the streets, and as a result Bulgaria was the key country that withdrew support from South Stream. That's when Russia turned to Turkey for the Turkish Stream, and as soon as Russia and Turkey made a deal, we have unrest in Macedonia," Aleksandar Pavic told RT.
READ MORE: Macedonia terrorist raid may be linked to country's support of Russia – Lavrov
Earlier this week, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow "can't help thinking" that the recent terrorist attack in Macedonia has something to do with the country's objection to anti-Russian sanctions and its possible role as a transit country for Russian gas through Turkey.
During their visit to Serbia on Friday, Lavrov expressed concern that events in Kumanovo "were the result of a well-planned terrorist act," and said the situation in Macedonia "does not give us any grounds for optimism." Officials in Brussels are apparently embarrassed that all their efforts to stabilize the situation in the former Yugoslavia have been ineffective, Lavrov added.
Fearing ethnic tensions could escalate amid the current political instability, the Russian Foreign Ministry said that reigniting chaos in the Balkans would pose a direct threat to Europe.
The article below was originally published in the Kurdish Question on June 14, 2016.
Before the beginning of the civil war, life in Syria was relatively different in comparison to other Arab countries.
The people of Manbij would freely spend time outside, visit parks and cafes and enjoy dinners in restaurants till late night hours during the summer months. Women and men would go to places of entertainment together, and they would even join demos against the Assad regime together.
Syrian Civil War leads to a changed Syria
Yet, the situation in Manbij changed gradually in the wake of the civil war that began in 2011, and the occupation of groups affiliated to the Syrian National Coalition from 2011 to 2014. The city degraded into a place dominated by sharia law. The situation in the city worsened with occupation by Islamic State (IS) militants in 2014.
After seizing control of the entire city, IS militants formed a system with local people and former government staff. They introduced sharia laws and formed their own sharia courts within the already existing system.
It was impossible to resist or protest these practices. The city's residents had to obey the laws in order to gain access to security, food and services.
Yet, energy and water supplies in the city were destroyed and life became more difficult for civilians as aerial bombardments by the US-led international coalition intensified in the recent period.
The treatment of women in the IS-occupied areas has been covered by the press to some extent. Statements of locals, mainly women, in the areas liberated by People's/Women's Protection Units (YPG/YPJ) and Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) forces, reveal how they had been treated by the Islamic State.
Young women were never allowed to go out alone without a close relative (generally their fathers, brothers or husbands). Women had to wear the burqa or veil that covered all their bodies from head to toe.
IS militants also established so-called Islamic asayish (public security) units that inspected women in Manbij like they did in Raqqa.
A special asayish unit constantly patrolled the streets to inspect men's attire too, to make sure that sharia laws were followed. It was forbidden to smoke and those who did were subjected to lashings in the event of being caught by so-called security units. It was also compulsory for me to go to mosque to perform prayer five times a day.
ANF spoke to two women from Manbij, Fatima Mihemmed and Rabia Hassan, who lived under IS occupation for two years.
Where were you born and where did you grow up?
My name is Fatima Mihemmed. I was born in Manbij and have lived here since.
I have been trying to continue my life under IS occupation since 2014. In the wake of the operation launched by the fighters of the Manbij Military Council to end the IS occupation in our land, I fled the city and took refuge in the areas liberated during this military campaign.
What sort of life did women in Manbij lead?
Women in Manbij dress in accordance with Islamic culture, like in all the other societies of the Middle East. However, this Islamic culture is not like that claimed and imposed by Islamic State.
After occupying our region, IS created an Islamic model in line with their own ideology. This model is monolithic and in regards to dress accepts only completely black dress. Women couldn't go out without men. Nor could they smoke or even visit a neighbor.
How did the Rojava revolution make you feel?
Women were also oppressed during the Baath regime, and subjected to continuous pressure, similar to the typical Middle Eastern society.
But life for women became more oppressive with the emergence of jihadist gangs such as IS, Al-Nusra, Ahrar Al-Sham and Jaysh Al-Islam during the Syrian civil war. Claiming to be fighting for Islam and Allah, they subjected our people to massacre, torture, rape and exile.
This emerging situation affected women more than anyone else. The Rojava Revolution arose under such circumstances, and it affected me like the other women in Syria and even around the world. I can say that the Rojava revolution tore down all the taboos in Middle Eastern societies, especially the taboos identified with women.
This is why I felt hope, emancipation and freedom in the Rojava Revolution, and I believe that all the other women are of the same opinion with me.
Mrs. Rabia Hasan, where were you born and raised?
I was also born and raised in Manbij center. I will continue living in my hometown once it is liberated. I will, however, be living in a free Manbij from now on.
What did you experience under IS occupation, what has changed in your life?
The peoples of the region were in fear after IS occupation. We knew they burned people alive, beheaded and severely tortured them. In the nature of things, one obeys their rules in order to remain alive.
During IS occupation, we saw a mentality that ignores women, makes them sex slaves, decides on how they dress and grants them a right to life only in line with their principles. Life for women became unbearable after IS occupation.
We were trying to continue living in our houses and couldn't go out. Our lives became a prison. We were also having difficulty meeting our daily basic needs. We couldn't afford anything due to financial difficulties, and what's more the gangs were determining the prices of basic needs as they wished.
Theu were imposing heavy taxes on the locals involved in agriculture and animal husbandry. They were seizing the agricultural products and animals, in addition to collecting money from villagers under the name of charity and alms.
We have heard of fatwas issued by IS against women. What were these fatwas like?
The fatwas ordered women to marry IS members. The wives of killed IS members were ordered to marry other members. These were just some of the fatwas issued by them.
We saw you screaming with joy after taking shelter in liberated areas. What do you have to say in this regard?
Using Islam as a pretext, IS ruined the lives of women. We were overjoyed when our villages were liberated, and taking off our niqabs and burqas, we ran towards the fighters. We were dancing the dance of freedom and screamed with joy. We thank all the fighters, they rescued us from IS occupation at the cost of their lives.
The peoples of Syria are multi-ethnic and multi-voiced. Gang groups like IS, Al-Nusra, Ahrar Al-Sham and Jaysh Al-Sham will not be able to destroy this plurality. No power can fade the color of women.
Read the original interview on the Kurdish Question here.
Total Recall is a look back at the history of video games through their characters, franchises, developers and trends.
As the creator of Nintendo's Pokémon series, Satoshi Tajiri is one of the most important (if not well-known) developers working in video games today.
Like another Nintendo legend, Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto, Tajiri's most popular work has been directly inspired by their childhood experiences and hobbies. While Miyamoto's Zelda was the product of boyhood explorations, however, Tajiri's role-playing juggernaut is the product of, as you may expect, boyhood insect collections.
Tajiri grew up in Machida, a city that now forms part of the sprawling metropolis that is greater Tokyo. As a boy in the 1960s and 1970s, though, it had a quaint, almost rural atmosphere, which led Tajiri to a hobby of collecting local bugs and insects.
They were so mad for it, in fact, that their classmates would call them “Mr. Bug”, and as a child they wanted to grow up to be an entomologist (someone who studies insects). As happens when kids get older, though, interests come and go, and by the time they were a teenager Tajiri's focus had shifted from harvesting bugs to pumping coins into arcade games like Space Invaders.
So keen on gaming had they become that Tajiri began to cut high school classes to go play games (so much so they nearly failed to graduate from high school), and when they eventually bought a Famicom in the early 80's, took the thing completely apart to see how it worked so they could make their own games.
Advertisement
Tajiri (pictured, left) isn't as well-known as one would expect given the popularity of their creation. Nintendo representatives explained a few years ago that, while Tajiri is incredibly creative, they are also described by them as “reclusive” and “eccentric”.
This means that, unlike most other famous game developers, Tajiri never went to college or university. Instead, they studied electronics at a Tokyo technical college, and in 1981 started up a little video game fanzine called Game Freak. While little more than a few pages of writing crudely printed and stapled together, the zine was distributed enough to catch the attention of additional contributors, including, most crucially for Taijiri's future success, a young man by the name of Ken Sugimori.
Advertisement
The pair soon became friends, and after Game Freak (the zine) wound up in 1986 — and a few years studying programming language and Nintendo's Famicom console — in 1989 the two founded Game Freak (the development company).
Advertisement
Game Freak's first game, Mendel Palace, was published by Namco on the Famicom in 1989, but it was in 1990, when Taijiri saw two Game Boys connected using a link cable, that the penny dropped. Drawing on their childhood love of collecting insects, Taijiri envisaged a game where Game Boys could be linked together and creatures not only collected, but put into battle against one another.
Nintendo, and particularly Taijiri's “mentor” Shigeru Miyamoto (who helped Game Freak release a few games like Mario & Yoshi for Nintendo in the early 90's) backed the idea, and while it took over six years to develop - and nearly bankrupted the fledgling studio - in 1996, the first Pokémon games were released on the Game Boy in Japan.
What came next, well, you don't need a Total Recall post to tell you that.
UPDATE : This story originally referenced a text book that stated Taijiri has AS. This has never been verified by either Taijiri or Nintendo.
Advertisement
FUN FACT: As a tribute to their friend and mentor, Taijiri named two of Pokémon's main characters after themselves and Miyamoto. In Japan, the boy we know as Ash is called Satoshi, while Gary is called Shigeru.
The U.S. Supreme Court has done a poor job of maintaining web links in its opinions, leaving legal scholars and others unable to fully understand the rationale behind rulings.
A new study conducted by Professor Jonathan Zittrain and law student Kendra Albert—both of Harvard—says nearly half of the hyperlinks in Supreme Court decisions (49%) no longer work.
What this means is that footnotes and citations become lost, making them unavailable to legal professionals.
“It is disturbing that even at the Supreme Court, where creating and citing precedent is of the utmost importance, citations often fail to point the researcher to the authority on which the court based its decision,” Raizel Liebler and June Liebert, librarians at the John Marshall Law School in Chicago, wrote in a different study on the subject (“Something Rotten in the State of Legal Citation,” published in The Yale Journal of Law and Technology), according to The New York Times.
Prior to the Internet age, sources cited in support of the justices' arguments and opinions were usually books, which could always be found and referred to. But since 1996, there have been 555 instances in which the Supreme Court justices cited materials only found on the Internet. But over a relatively short amount of time, the hyperlinks simply stop working.
The high court also has struggled to maintain key links on its own website, many of which have expired. For instance, after ruling in a 2007 case over whether police used excessive force by ramming a suspect's car, the justices posted a link to the video showing the chase. Justice Antonin Scalia called the footage “the scariest chase I ever saw since The French Connection.” But, today, no one can judge for themselves because the link is broken.
“The fact that the Supreme Court itself has links to its own web site that no longer function shows the depth of the link rot problem,” Liebler and Liebert wrote.
The Supreme Court has taken some steps to address the problem, like noting the date each site was last visited and keeping a hard copy of materials on file.
But Liebert told the Times that this amounted to “a half measure to put a piece of paper in a court file….This is the Supreme Court, and it's their responsibility to make these things available.”
Harvard's Zittrain and Albert are currently at work on a web site, Perma.cc (operated by a consortium of law libraries), which will allow transient data to be permanently saved on the web. It was designed for legal scholarship, but they believe it would work just as well for the Supreme Court.
-Noel Brinkerhoff, Danny Biederman
To Learn More:
In Supreme Court Opinions, Web Links to Nowhere (by Adam Liptak, New York Times)
Scoping and Addressing the Problem of “Link Rot” (by Jonathon Zittrain, Future of the Internet and How to Stop It)
Scoping and Addressing the Problem of Link and Reference Rot in Legal Citations (by Jonathon Zittrain, Kendra Albert and Lawrence Lessig, Social Science Research Network)
Club Statement
The following is a club statement from the Chairman:
Hamilton Academical FC have been the target of an elaborate fraud resulting in the loss of a substantial sum of monies.
The Police Service Scotland and our Bank are working closely with the club conducting a criminal investigation to pursue those individuals responsible.
At this point it is imperative that we remain calm and work together as we go through one of the most difficult situations we have faced as a club.
In the interim, the Directors intend to inject funds to meet the club's ongoing obligations until the investigation is complete to ensure continuity.
It is our intention to host a media briefing to go into more detail when the initial legal and banking investigations reveal the facts. This will allow us to give full disclosure of the event.
No further comment will be made at this time as the Police investigation continues.
Les Gray
Chairman
(Reuters) - Law enforcement authorities expect to prosecute 154 people as part of an undercover operation that seized illegal drugs and scores of guns in two Connecticut cities, a federal agency said.
State, local and federal officers took part in the crackdown on violent crime in Bridgeport and New Haven dubbed "Operation Samson" by the lead agency, the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, it said in a statement on Wednesday.
The sweep began in March and 80 people are expected to be prosecuted on federal charges and 74 on state offenses, the statement said.
Seventy-three firearms were confiscated, including sawed-off shotguns, sawed-off rifles and a silencer. Officers seized crack cocaine, powder cocaine, heroin, marijuana and about 400 prescription narcotic pills, the statement said.
New Haven and Bridgeport were targeted because of their high rates of violent crime. There have been similar sweeps in New Orleans; Philadelphia; Oakland, California; Flint, Michigan; Chicago; Stockton, California; St. Louis; and Camden, New Jersey.
Police carried out about 425 operations, including undercover meetings, controlled purchases of firearms and narcotics, and search and arrest warrants, the statement said.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Bill Trott)
GRAND RAPIDS — Cathy and Jefferson Seaver are atheists, and they said they liked the Christian preschool in Allendale Township, where they sent their son. But when they tried to send their daughter there a couple of years later, they hit a snag. The school required them to sign a statement of faith in God. Feeling it would be a lie, Cathy asked if they could opt out. The administrators said if they didn't sign, the school would not enroll their daughter. “That was clear discrimination, and it was very disappointing,” they told an audience Wednesday at the
at the Women's City Club. The nonreligious group caused a stir last month by buying space on a billboard along northbound U.S. 131 near Hall Street SW with the message: “You don't need God — to hope, to care, to live, to love.” A
resulted in nearly 900 comments and counting from readers debating the need for belief — or not — in God. Panelists with the group shared stories about their “de-conversion” from religious belief — mainly Christianity — and explained their reasoning for choosing to live that way, even though it puts them in a minority that may result in persecution. “It's very important to provide our community with a voice, and that's where the billboard fits into this,” said moderator Jefferson Seaver, who used much of the online debate as fodder for quizzing panelists about their philosophy on things like morality and doubt, and how their nonbelief in God has affected family and relationships. Panelists stressed that becoming an atheist does not lead to a sad, unfulfilling life. Quite the contrary, they said. Casting off belief in hell and other religious dogma can be liberating, each said. “It was amazing how little for me changed,” said Jeremy Beahan, a professor at Kendall College of Art & Design. They said they were attending a Bible college when they changed their mind about God. “I feel like my horizons have been broadened by leaving religion behind.” Ellen Lundgren, a student leader with the Center for Inquiry chapter at Grand Valley State University, said religious history, when looked at from an academic perspective, appears more akin to mythology. They believe science offers a better basis for understating the natural world. Panelist Jason Pittman, a Center for Inquiry board member, stressed that “we're not this scary ‘other' trying to take over.” Nonetheless, one panelist, “Mike R.” — who refused to give their last name out of fear of co-workers' potential reprisal — said a friend noticed comments they made on Facebook and said, “I didn't know you were an atheist — you seem like such a nice guy.” Beahan said their days as a Christian helped teach them to think more deeply, but after they left religion behind, they began to look back at some of their experiences, like summer youth camp, as a “little creepy.” As for their grounding in morality, Beahan said being nonreligious allows one to care for a wider swath of people without being shackled by some dogma that dictates that maybe certain groups “aren't worth caring about,” they said. “Empathy and compassion are naturally woven into the human fabric. Ideology comes later.” In the back of the room, there were Centers for Inquiry shirts and bumper stickers available. One audience member stood up and “came out” as an atheist, thanking the group for the billboard. Several others asked what could be done to boost positive perceptions about atheists locally. Cathy Seaver said the local Secular Service Committee always is accepting donations or volunteers for diaper drives, eyeglass give-aways and other community services. Their events can be found at
.
E-mail the author of this story: localnews@grpress.com
“If you actually participate in a rumor, you make it bigger and you make it real,” the 'I Love You Daddy' director told the New York Times.
Louis C.K. refused to engage with "rumors" linking them to sexual misconduct toward female comedians during an interview at the Toronto film festival to promote their new film, I Love You Daddy.
In an interview with the New York Times published Monday, C.K. brushed aside questions concerning the long-running rumors that are back under scrutiny with the release of their envelope-pushing film and after comments by fellow comedian and onetime friend Tig Notaro.
“I'm not going to answer to that stuff, because they're rumors,” C.K. told the Times. “If you actually participate in a rumor, you make it bigger and you make it real,” they added.
Pressed further on the topic, C.K. responded, “They're rumors, that's all that is.”
Notaro spoke about the rumors while promoting the second season of their Amazon series One Mississippi last month. “I think it's important to take care of that, to handle that, because it's serious to be assaulted. It's serious to be harassed. It's serious, it's serious, it's serious,” they first said in an interview with The Daily Beast last month.
In the second season of their Amazon traumedy, a character (played by Notaro's wife, Stephanie Allynne) is sexually assaulted when their boss masturbates in front of them during a pitch meeting. The scene echoes a similar allegation that has been leveled against C.K. by anonymous comedians that gained further traction after a Roseanne Barr interview last year. (He addressed the allegations in a 2016 interview with Vulture.)
Notaro told The Hollywood Reporter that they and C.K. haven't spoken in nearly two years, though they remain an executive producer on One Mississippi (the show is produced under C.K.'s FX Productions-based Pig Newton banner) and their name is still listed in each episode's opening credits. Notaro has since said C.K. has nothing to do with the show.
When discussing why they explored the specific sexual act on a season that tackled different levels of sexual assault with both the female and male characters, they told THR: "When people haven't lived through that or experienced it in any way, for some reason this particular act is really tossed aside as though it's just this person exposing themselves and they're 'just or a weirdo' and just 'leave the room.' It's that kind of vibe. We wanted to show that you can be assaulted without even being touched. Nothing can be said and you are still horrifically violated and scared."
Notaro based most of their first season on their own traumatic experiences, which they explored in a legendary stand-up routine, "Hello, I Have Cancer." The Largo set made them an overnight sensation, thanks in part to support from C.K. The comedian tweeted about the set and later sold the recording on their website. But something happened between Notaro and C.K. along the way. "I have not spoken to Louis in probably going on two years now.," they told THR when asked if their recent dustup over their Saturday Night Live sketch resembling one of their past shorts spurred them to reach out to them "I will never hear from Louis C.K. again," they said frankly.
The creator and star of One Mississippi said that for the second season, however, the stories came from all the writers in the room. "Our entire writers room is all female and everybody had a story of assault or abuse or harassment on so many different levels and it just was one of the themes that we felt was really, really important to show," they explained, adding that the post-election season was only fueled by the onslaught of sexual harassment headlines. "People think all assault or abuse is one particular thing, where there are several shades of it."
Notaro said their hope is that the material will spur a conversation and serve as a warning to people who believe they are invincible. They also portrayed how victims are questioned, and often blamed, when speaking up.
"I would love a conversation to happen from this," they said. "I would love for people, not to walk around paranoid, but to think twice about what might be going on or what someone might be up to. That it's not always a cartoon character of an evil villain.... It's funny. People are like, 'Yeah, tell the truth, tell your story!' Sometimes if it's not the right story, people don't want to hear that truth. It's really interesting and fascinating to me."
When pressed by the Times about why Notaro has made these comments, among others while promoting their show in the press, C.K. said, “I don't know why they said the things she's said, I really don't."
They added: “I don't think talking about that stuff in the press and having conversations over press lanes is a good idea.”
A rep for C.K. did not respond to THR's initial request for comment.
We're going on a bear hunt.
Hem, hem.
We're going to catch a big one.
Hem, hem.
Excuse me? Did you want something?
I just wanted to let you know that I will be observing today's bear hunt, on behalf of the Ministry. There have been reports of failing standards, so I am here to provide the Minister with some proper on-the-ground feedback on the situation.
Oh, okay. So what should I…
Just carry on. As you were!
Right, well…
We're going on a bear hunt.
We're going to catch a big one.
What a beautiful day!
Hem, hem.
Yes?
You appear to be trying to make an exclamation.
Yes, that's right. I did exclaim, didn't I? I exclaimed, “What a beautiful day!”. Is there a problem with that?
Well, it's just that the Minister would prefer all exclamations to be made, where possible, using Ministry approved exclamation sentences.
Ministry approved what?
Ministry approved exclamation sentences. Your utterance, ‘What a beautiful day!', though used to make an exclamation, does not meet the standards for Ministry approval, as it doesn't take the form of an exclamation sentence. You see, and I quote, “An exclamation must be introduced by a phrase with ‘what' or ‘how' and should be followed by a subject + verb + any other elements. It is typically demarcated by an exclamation mark”. Your utterance – I won't dignify it with the label ‘sentence' – falls short as it is missing the all-important ingredient of a verb.
Oh, okay. So you want me to put a verb in?
Well yes, if this is going to be a Ministry Approved bear hunt, you had better do just that.
Right then. So,
We're going on a bear hunt.
We're going to catch a big one.
What a beautiful day it is!
We're not scared.
Uh-uh! Grass!
Hem, hem.
Yes?
What did you just say?
I think I said, “Uh-uh! Grass!”
And you're happy with that, are you? Just a sound followed by a word on its own? Could you not try to express yourself in full sentences? What message were you trying to get across?
Well I suppose I was trying to express some concern at our having met with some long grass.
Exclaiming, perhaps?
Oh, OK then. You mean I should say something like, “How concerning for us to encounter some grass!”
Better. But how about you tell us a bit more about that grass? Why don't you pop in some adjectives to make it a little bit more interesting for us?
Well I was about to… Oh well, OK then.
We're going on a bear hunt.
We're going to catch a big one.
What a beautiful day it is!
We're not scared.
How concerning for us to encounter some long wavy grass!
We can't go over it.
We can't go under it.
Oh no!
Hem, hem.
Exclamations again?
Exactly.
All right.
We're going on a bear hunt.
We're going to catch a big one.
What a beautiful day it is!
We're not scared.
How concerning for us to encounter some long wavy grass!
We can't go over it.
We can't go under it.
What a calamity to have befallen us!
We've got to go through it!
Swishy swashy!
Swishy swashy!
Swishy swashy!
Hem, hem.
What now?
What was all that ‘swishy swashy' stuff about?
Well it's meant to be the sound that the grass makes when you walk through it.
Couldn't you tell us that then? Put it in a proper sentence?
You mean, “The grass goes ‘Swishy swashy! Swishy swashy! Swishy swashy!”.
Better. Now let's hear it!
We're going on a bear hunt.
We're going to catch a big one.
What a beautiful…
Hold on a minute. It was a beautiful day. But now… What on earth? What the devil is those things?
Oh that lot? Don't worry about them. They're out on Ministry business. The Minister's having a crackdown you see. Zero tolerance. Long overdue of course. I've said it for years. They should never have let them get away with ‘To boldly go'. That's when the rot started, if you ask me. But the Minister, you see, he's finally taking things in hand. He's issued warrants, bringing people in. I expect those are off to sort out that dreadful business with the Pontipines. They've had it coming of course. They've had their warnings. “There are ten Pontipines”, we've told them, or “The number of Pontipines is ten”. But still they go on, day in, day out, “And even when there's ten of them”. “There's ten”, I ask you. Well I'll tell you something for nothing. Once that lot has had finished with them they're going to wish they really were hardly there at all.
Hey, wait a minute. Where are you going?
Back through the grass! Swishy swashy! Swishy swashy!
Stop!
Get to our front door.
Open the door.
Up the stairs.
Come back here!
Oh no!
We forgot to shut the door.
Back downstairs.
When the Minister hears about this…
Shut the door.
Back upstairs.
Into the bedroom.
Into bed.
Under the covers.
But what about the Minister?
Tell them we're not going on a bear hunt again!
With apologies to Michael Rosen and J. K. Rowling.
Advertisements
Responding to consumer concerns, PepsiCo today announced that it will remove brominated vegetable oil, an emulsifier, from citrus-flavored Gatorade.
Mississippi teenager Sarah Kavanagh had launched an online petition in November that drew recent media attention, including a story in the Chicago Tribune on Monday, but the company said the reformulation project was sparked by earlier customer complaints.
“While our products are safe, we are making this change because we know that some consumers have a negative perception of BVO in Gatorade, despite being permitted for use in North American and Latin American countries,” Gatorade spokesperson Molly Carter said in a statement. “As part of this process, we began working on an alternative ingredient to BVO for the few Gatorade flavors that contain BVO more than a year ago.”
Some countries, including those in the European Union and Japan, do not allow the use of brominated vegetable oil in food. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration's last review of the chemical, conducted in the 1970s, called for more toxicological testing that was never performed.
Kavanagh, whose petition noted that the chemical shares an ingredient, bromine, with some flame retardants, was ecstatic when they heard the news.
“When I went to Change.org to start my petition, I thought it might get a lot of support because no one wants to gulp down flame retardant, especially from a drink they associate with being healthy,” they said. “But with Gatorade being as big as they are, sometimes it was hard to know if we'd ever win. This is so, so awesome.”
In an interview, Carter said the company needed a year to make sure the new formulation “would not affect taste or functionality. So we did a lot of sensory testing to make sure we had the right batch and we feel strongly we do.”
Carter said BVO will be replaced with sucrose acetate isobutyrate, “one of the flavor emulsifiers we use internationally.”
They said they expect the newly formulated drinks to be on shelves over the next few months. Consumers can check for brominated vegetable oil in the list of ingredients and “until then they can drink other (non citrus) flavors that do not contain it.”
Carter said there is no current plan to remove BVO from PepsiCo's Mountain Dew but the company is always evaluating “formulas to ensure they meet the high standards our consumers expect.”
Coca-Cola, which uses the chemical in Orange Fanta and Powerade, said in a statement that the ingredient improves the stability of some products by preventing ingredients from separating.
“While we are confident in the safety of our beverages, we continuously look for ways to improve our products and take consumers' concerns into account,” the statement said.
Change.org said Kavanagh's petition attracted more than 200,000 supporters and was one of its most popular.
“Her campaign is a great example of the shift in power we're seeing between businesses and their customers,” said Pulin Modi, senior campaigner at Change.org. “Companies like Gatorade can no longer sit back as thousands of consumers are asking for a change -- they're compelled to do something about it.”
meng@tribune.com
Twitter @monicaeng
Our continued goal is to create the next-level of miniatures for your games and painting. More detailed, more dynamic, more characterful and better than before. We are pushing things forward. Because, as every painter or gamer knows - these are not toys; this is miniature art!
It has been a while since nearly 1,000 kind gamers worldwide helped us bring to life TC: Fantasy Dungeon Terrain, back on KS, in 2014. Now we have returned, we are ready to raise the bar once again with a new range of models. With these, we have the scope to really show off how proper resin models should look. Welcome, adventurer, to the Minotaur Horde!
A lot of companies focus on budget value, and that's good, if good value is what you want. More models for your money, buckets of models cast in PVC plastic, spin-cast 'restic' models. Cheaper production, corners cut. You get more mediocre models than you could ever paint or really appreciate. Familiar, right? I know ;)
Now these Minos are a little bit different, these are the kind of high detail miniatures which will get a "Wow" from your gamer friends when you reveal them. Miniatures which you will want to paint and will want to keep in your collection forever.
We are making miniatures with the best blend of new and old. New, cutting-edge 3D Printing for the sharpest details around. Old, tried and tested vacuum casting, the same method perfected over the last 30 years, for the best quality cast models.
Our last KS received high praise on the model's quality and phenomenal detail. But this time we really have the scope to spare no expense and truly show off what we can do on these fearsome Minotaurs.
Minotaurs are the perfect race to begin on our quest to modernize, since only a few of them are needed to make a warband. We can lavish attention on a dozen or so models and produce a concise campaign with a quick delivery.
On one side, there is the production; over the years, Zealot has built a reputation for making stunningly detailed models. We have worked with many big-name miniature companies, producing their models, all behind the scenes. If you have supported many miniature kickstarters before, you likely have some of our casts already!
But the awesome level of detail possible is all moot, without some stunningly detailed artwork for us to produce! ...
So we have teamed up with Alexei Popovici, who is an industry sculpting veteran and one of the most talented model sculptors working today. They not only produces great sculpts which looks superb as a render on your huge PC screen - but it transfers well into an actual model, where all the details are clear and possible to paint.
Superb renders indeed!
Choose your miniatures from these core selections. If you wish to pick them as further Add-Ons, the cost is displayed on each image. The 3D viewer links are below each picture. ( bear in mind the 3d viewer models are heavily reduced detail for faster viewing ;) )
(For the Adventurers, there are more views of castings coming soon)
The core pledges are quite simple and clear. Each base pledge on the right includes a range of the core models, Minotaurs, Female Adventures, Minotaur General.
If you want to add extras, simply scroll up and select from the core models, then add their value to your pledge. Or scroll down to see the unlocked stretch goals, then add their value to your pledge.
If you add many extras to a core pledge, shipping costs will generally follow the following international shipping table. Which includes tracked and insured postage. But for the most accurate shipping estimate, please download the Excel pledge calculator above (V1.0)
(Top right, 3 dots, select download)
As funding grows, more additional sculpts and upgrades will become unlocked. We have a small range of themed scenery, some variant minotaurs, upgrades and parts to customise the existing minotaurs and some miscellaneous themed pieces too. If you would like to add a stretch goal, simply add it's value to your core pledge.
(More Views, Update 5)
It's simple really. Design, Sculpt, Prototype, Mould, Cast. And repeat. The tricky part, is doing it well!
We have been making miniatures for 7 years. We mainly produce for other companies as a manufacturer, and we have build quite a reputation for quality.
Now and then, we step out of our casting dungeon and create one of our own projects, for a sliver of the limelight! And here it is ;)
We will show more behind the scenes processes during the updates, but in a nutshell, the stages are:
The timeline for production will be one of a rolling dispatch by Backer ID (first come, first shipped) to match the rolling method of production. First early pledge backers, then moving onto regular backers.
The estimated pledge delivery (Feb-April) is the last date we predict to ship the rewards. We estimate the first pledges to be shipping before Christmas as all of the core minotaurs will begin production as soon as we hit the funding goal .
Our timelines are based on 250- 400 backers ordering an average of 5 minotaurs. If things look to be progressing larger than this, we can double production speed by using our partner cast company also. We have the margin per unit to allow for this to be an option.
If estimated dispatch times are due to change due to demand, we will let all backers know via an update still during the campaign.
We aim to be compact, concise and with a fast dispatch.
Here is a scale image for the Berserk and the females:
Craftworld Studios have kindly joined us to paint a showcase range of these beastly minotaurs. You will see more images from their painting bench in the updates, no doubt.
Here are some of their current WIPS
If you would like to see more, do check out their Facebook feed at this link.
Need a lair for your Herd? Heroic Maps have joined in to create a special Minotaur themed game board! Through Twisting Catacombs, you can get a 50% Discount on downloading this map by clicking on any of the images below.
Extra Credits:
Adventurer Concepts by Darius Craine
https://darkdarius.deviantart.com/
Photography by David Brown
http://dbrownphotography.com
Wendy Davis is the pro-abortion candidate for governor in Texas whose sole claim to fame is having filibustered against a bill to ban late-term abortions. Not content to speak out against protecting unborn babies after viability, the Davis campaign is now mocking their pro-life opponent, Greg Abbott, for being paralyzed.
At age 26, Abbott was struck by a falling oak tree that injured their back as they jogged by. They have used a wheelchair ever since and has become an eloquent pro-life advocate — speaking up for both the disabled and the unborn.
The accident serves as a reminder that regardless of someone's circumstances, they or they deserve a chance at life, Abbott has said.
“As I laid there motionless on the ground, gripped with pain, as helpless as a child in the womb, I knew my life had changed forever,” they said at the National Right to Life convention in June. “Some people think it's easy to write off the lives of the disabled or the different. But every day, God reminds us that all life has value, no matter the form.”
Erick Erickson at Red State has more on what's happening in the Lone Star State, where Davis is bragging they have more campaign cash than Abbott:
Davis can only claim they raised $12 million by including the fundraising totals of “her Senate account, gubernatorial account and a political action committee formed with Battleground Texas that's dedicated to their election. Battleground Texas was formed to help Texas Democrats, who have not won a statewide election in 20 years.” It is very important for the media to note that Davis is including Battleground Texas as their money. Back in October, Battleground Texas mocked Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott for being paralyzed and in a wheelchair. At the time, Wendy Davis's campaign said that they could not be held responsible for Battleground Texas, because they were separate entities. Today, Wendy Davis wants to claim Battleground Texas's campaign cash as their own to hype herself. They can't have it both ways. If Wendy Davis is going to join themselves at the hip with Battleground Texas, she's going to have to own Battleground Texas's foot in mouth disease too. CLICK LIKE IF YOU'RE PRO-LIFE! But it's okay. They haven't been a candidate for nine months, so they could still abort the endeavor based on their own public positions.
So it's okay if a group mocking Abbott's paralysis helps Davis raise money but they don't stand by their attacks?
Correction: The original version of this story mistakenly stated that private investigator Jan Gilbrecht had been hired by civil rights attorneys John Burris and Jim Chanin.
The official request last week to put the Oakland Police Department in federal receivership grabbed much media attention. But overlooked in the voluminous documents filed by civil rights attorneys John Burris and Jim Chanin was disturbing new evidence that raises significant questions not only as to whether the City of Oakland can stave off receivership, but also whether OPD's dysfunctional culture has changed at all in the past decade or if it's doomed to remain that way for years to come. Among other things, the new evidence shows that department trainers and commanders have been telling city residents, and possibly new police recruits, that Oakland cops shoot suspects because they're no longer allowed to beat them up.
According to sworn testimony from Jan Gilbrecht, a private investigator who attended an Oakland Citizens' Police Academy on May 21, OPD Sergeant Randy Pope told attendees of the academy that Oakland was traditionally a "blue-collar kind of town," with a "blue-collar police force that maybe in the past was a little 'hands on' with folks, liked to put their hands on people and maybe got rough sometimes, but did not have that many officer-involved shootings."
According to Gilbrecht, Pope then talked about the federal consent decree that mandated reforms of OPD following The Riders scandal early last decade: "Some city lawyers came in and said, 'We want a white-collar kind of force now,'" and the city agreed to the reforms. Pope then added that they believe Oakland cops have become less inclined to use physical force on suspects, resulting in fewer complaints, but that they fire their weapons more frequently at suspects. "What do I know, I just look at the situation and do the math. It's more physical-use-of-force complaints but more live bad guys on the other hand, versus the NSA and more shootings on the other hand. What do you choose?" Pope asked the audience.
The Citizens' Police Academy is designed to enlist city residents to help police combat crime in Oakland. Even more alarming is the fact that Sergeant Pope, who lives in the far-East Bay suburb of Oakley, is a firearms and use-of-force instructor at OPD's training academy for new police recruits. Their comments to the citizens' academy thus raise concerns as to whether he's repeating the same statements to new police officers, telling them that the federal consent decree leaves them little choice but to shoot suspects. Pope's comments also are in stark contrast to official statements from OPD brass that the consent decree is not hampering police work. "It's telling that they'll say this in a room full of citizens in the Eastmont substation — and it's completely opposite to what they say in court," Chanin said in an interview.
The evidence uncovered by Burris and Chanin also offers insight into the contempt that some OPD line officers have for federal Judge Thelton Henderson, a civil rights hero and Carter administration appointee who oversees the consent decree and was responsible for reforming the state's troubled prison health care system. Henderson will decide whether OPD is put in federal receivership. According to sworn testimony from Nancy Appel, an associate director at the Anti-Defamation League who also attended the spring 2012 Citizens' Police Academy, Sergeant Greg Porritt told attendees that Judge Henderson "has an agenda," was "in the SLA [Symbionese Liberation Army]" or represented them in court. Both are false assertions.
Racially insensitive, defaced photos of Henderson and Mayor Jean Quan that had been posted at OPD headquarters were also included in the court filings. The one of Henderson depicts them with enlarged eyes and exaggerated lips, and one of the images of Quan shows their standing alone by a police car with dragon wings, horns, and slitted eyes drawn on them by a blue pen. There's also a photo of Quan and former Mayor Ron Dellums that looks as if it was used for a dartboard. The caption stated: "If you thought Ron Dellums was a good Mayor...YOU'LL LOVE JEAN QUAN."
The Express previously reported about a flyer posted on a bulletin board at OPD's basement training range in winter 2010. According to police sources, the flyer, which superimposed a picture of a World War II fighter pilot over derogatory language about anti-war liberals, was still posted there until August.
The several hundred pages of evidence filed by Burris and Chanin trace the past ten years of stop-and-start reform, including the department's questionable history of uses of force, lax supervision, failure to rein in problem officers, and poor leadership that have combined to lead OPD astray in a manner unique in American law enforcement. Burris and Chanin contend that OPD's progress on reforms has ground to a halt, and their assertions are supported by reports from the court-appointed monitor that indicate the department has made virtually no progress since January 2010.
Reading through old monitoring reports and court transcripts filed with the receivership motion elicits a sense of déjà vu. Judge Henderson's response to a negative monitor's report in February 2005, two years after the consent decree began, reads like their comments from last fall: "I'm not given to overstatement, but I haven't seen anything like this in 25 years. This is so unacceptable that I've been spending my time deciding what I can do to get the attention of the defendant [the city and OPD]. This is contemptuous. I'm so angry at the slap in the face, the ignoring of this decree that my question is who's responsible and how can I get them in front of me?"
As this newspaper noted in January (see "Will OPD End Up in Receivership?" 1/25), OPD's response to Occupy Oakland also is playing a major role in the case, as is the review conducted by Frazier Group, LLC, of the October 25 raid on Occupy Oakland and its aftermath. In a sworn deposition in the consent decree case, Thomas Frazier, the former Baltimore police commissioner and longtime member of the San Jose Police Department, heavily criticized OPD's internal affairs and criminal investigation divisions' handling of the incident in which war veteran Scott Olsen was seriously injured by a cop. Portions of Frazier's deposition also reveal that Sergeant Jim Rullamas was the officer in charge of the criminal investigation into Olsen's wounding, which this reporter revealed had been "compromised" in June (see "OPD Screws Up Scott Olsen Investigation?" 6/13). It was Rullamas' decision to prematurely close the criminal probe that led the Frazier Group to voice concern and advise OPD to re-open the file. Frazier also said in their deposition that their staff questioned OPD's accounting of the videotaped beating of Kayvan Sabeghi by OPD Officer Frank Uu on November 2, stating that Uu's report of the incident and a video of it "did not jibe." (See "Cop Identified in Kayvan Sabeghi Beating?" 4/11.)
The evidence filed by Burris and Chanin also confirm and clarify City Administrator Deanna Santana's attempts to hide many of the Frazier report's key revelations, including the botched Olsen case (see "Santana Tried to Alter Damning Report," 9/19). Frazier's deposition includes a succinct response to questions about Santana's requests to have the report sent to their personal email in Microsoft Word format so that they could easily redact key portions of it.
"Chanin: Did they want to remove your findings?
Frazier: Yes."
The new evidence also confirms that former Police Chief Anthony Batts did nothing to reform the department and meet the requirements of the consent decree, also known as the Negotiated Settlement Agreement, or the NSA. In a deposition, current Police Chief Howard Jordan said Batts "didn't understand the tenets of the NSA, the history," and that the reforms were "too much for them to absorb." OPD's stagnation on reform efforts began during Batts' tenure, which lasted from 2009 to 2011.
Portions of Frazier's deposition also indicate that members of Jordan's own command staff do not have confidence in the integrity of OPD's internal affairs or criminal investigations division when it comes to probing allegations of police officer misconduct. "I have little faith that IA can get it right and have even less faith that CID will do the case right. The CID investigation would be a waste of time," a commander who court documents identify as one of Jordan's deputy chiefs, told one of Frazier's staffers. Jordan's deposition revealed that they were unaware of the unrest among their ranking subordinates over shoddy internal investigations into incidents such as the October 25 raid on Occupy Oakland and Scott Olsen's wounding.
In their deposition, Jordan also acknowledged the existing problems concerning police officers' use of lethal force. "There is a propensity in our organization for officers to point their firearms in cases when it's not necessary," said Jordan. However, the chief also claimed that scrutinizing uses of force "takes away from their [supervisors'] ability to supervise their officers."
Last week, Oakland police union attorney Michael Rains told the Oakland Tribune that the department's rank-and-file wasn't necessarily opposed to receivership in light of the "absolute lack of meaningful leadership in the department for the last decade," including from Chief Jordan. The city has until November 8 to respond to Burris and Chanin's receivership motion in court. The receivership hearing is scheduled for December 13.
Three players have been cited or received Citing Commissioner Warnings after matches on 10 October
The following players have been cited or received Citing Commissioner Warnings after matches on 10 October.
Ross Ford and Jonny Gray (Scotland) - Citing
Ross Ford and Jonny Gray (Scotland) have been cited by independent Citing Commissioner Scott Nowland (Australia) for an alleged act of foul play contrary to Laws 10.4(e) and 10.4(j) during the Rugby World Cup 2015 Pool B match between Samoa and Scotland at St James' Park, Newcastle, on Saturday, 10 October. Law 10.4(e) deals with dangerous tackles and Law 10.4(j) deals with lifting tackles.
The hearing will take place at 11:00 on Tuesday, 13 October, at the offices of RWC 2015 official law firm Clifford Chance in London. The case will be heard by independent Judicial Officer Christopher Quinlan QC (England).
David Pocock (Australia) - Citing Commissioner Warning
David Pocock (Australia) has received a Citing Commissioner Warning from independent Citing Commissioner Steve Hinds (New Zealand) for a breach of Law 10.4(a) during the Rugby World Cup 2015 Pool A match between Australia and Wales at Twickenham on Saturday, 10 October.
Under the Rugby World Cup 2015 disciplinary programme, a Citing Commissioner Warning equates to a yellow card for the purposes of sanction. A combination of three yellow cards or Citing Commissioner Warnings accumulated during the tournament will result in a hearing. Pocock is therefore free to play in Australia's quarter-final against Scotland.
Facebook Launches Its Own Version Of ContentID, Which Will Soon Be Abused To Take Down Content
from the watch-this-space dept
Today we're announcing the launch of Rights Manager, a set of admin and workflow tools that help publishers and creators manage and protect their video content on Facebook at scale. With Rights Manager, we want to give video publishers the confidence that their content is protected across Facebook, as well as provide them with increased flexibility and greater control over the use of their video.
Video publishers and media companies can also provide reference streams of live content so that we can check live video on Facebook against those reference streams in real time.
Last year, after a bunch of YouTube video creators started slamming Facebook for allowing people to re-upload their videos to Facebook (they called it "freebooting"), Facebook insisted that it, too, was building a ContentID-like system to automate the process of taking down videos based on infringement claims. Last fall, the company announced that it would be using the same system basically everyone other than Google uses: Audible Magic as the backend system of that tool. And now Facebook has officially announced its product, called "Rights Manager." Of course, these days, thanks to pressure from copyright holders, large platforms all feel compelled to offer something like this, even if it's not legally required. It's amusing that even in an age where the legacy players are demanding a "notice-and-staydown" system for copyright claims, they're still not happy that basically all the large platforms are already creating platforms that do exactly that.But what's totally missing from the announcement is how Facebook will avoid the kind of abusive takedowns that YouTube's ContentID sees all the time. There's no mention of how it will protect against bogus claims. There's no mention of how it will handle disputes. Facebook just seems to pretend that the system will work perfectly and it won't be abused. There's little basis to think that's true given how widely ContentID is abused on a regular basis. The company also says that it has updated its "repeat infringer" policy, which is the new hotness thanks to some recent lawsuits over what qualifies as a reasonable repeat infringer policy.Perhaps Facebook's system won't be nearly as abused as ContentID since it doesn't appear to (yet!) include ContentID's "monetize this use" feature -- but it still seems destined for abuse. And that's especially true since the company notes that the new system will be used against live content:So I'm sure we'll start seeing examples of livestreams being killed mid-show thanks to a snippet of music playing in the background. Considering that Facebook is betting big on live streaming , a few false flags taking down events that were livestreamed due to incidental copyright-covered content playing in the background may raise questions about how viable a tool this is.To be clear, this is a difficult position for platforms to be in. They obviously feel strong pressure to take down infringing content, and an automated solutionlike it makes sense. But we've seen how these things are abused, and it's at least a little concerning that Facebook doesn't even seem to acknowledge that possibility in its announcement.
Filed Under: automated systems, content id, copyright, notice and staydown, rights manager, takedowns
Companies: facebook
SANAA (Reuters) - At least 10 Muslim worshippers performing Eid al-Adha prayers were killed on Thursday when an Islamic State suicide bomber disguised as a woman blew themselves up at a mosque run by Yemen's Houthi group, security sources said.
In northern Yemen, residents said warplanes from the Arab coalition conducting air raids against the Houthis struck a house in Hajjah province, killing six members of the same family, including four children. Two other people were wounded in the attack, residents reached by telephone said.
Islamic State's branch in Yemen said the attack at al-Balili mosque, just outside the Old City of Sanaa, had killed or wounded dozens of “rejectionists”. The Sunni militant group uses that term to describe Shi'ite Muslims it deems to be heretics.
“In a security operation facilitated by God as part of the acts of revenge for Muslims from the rejectionist Houthis, brother Abu Omar al-Hadidi waded into a crowd of apostate Houthis at al-Balili temple, detonated their suicide belt causing dozens to perish or to be injured...,” the statement said.
Medics said at least 36 other people were wounded. A Houthi website gave a death toll of at least 10, while Arab media said it was at least 25.
The Houthis, allies of Iran, seized Sanaa a year ago and forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi into exile in Saudi Arabia. Since March, the Western-allied Saudis have led an Arab coalition trying to restore Hadi to power and drive the Houthis back to their northern stronghold.
More than 4,500 people have been killed in the conflict, which Islamic State has exploited to expand its operations.
WITNESSES
Witnesses had earlier described a twin suicide attack on the mosque, where worshippers were celebrating Eid al-Adha, the feast of sacrifice.
Nayef, who lives nearby, said they heard one explosion followed quickly by a second. “We gathered to rescue the wounded. The situation is very painful and blood is everywhere.”
The witnesses said the first blast shook the mosque soon after worshippers gathered for prayers. A second suicide bomber detonated their explosives belt when Houthi guards tried to stop them rushing deep inside the mosque.
Houthi fighters sealed off the area and shouted at onlookers to stay away.
It was the second attack in the capital this month to target a mosque run by the Shi'ite Zaydi group. On Sept. 2, at least 28 people were killed and 75 wounded in twin suicide bombings claimed by Islamic State at a mosque in northern Sanaa.
Slideshow (7 Images)
In March, Islamic State suicide bombers killed at least 137 worshippers and wounded hundreds more in coordinated attacks at two mosques during Friday prayers in Sanaa.
Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television said on Thursday at least 40 Houthis were killed while trying to sneak into a Saudi village across the border with Yemen. The satellite channel showed photos of at least three dead fighters it said had been killed near the village of Hathera in Jizan province.
The Houthis did not comment on the report.
I can't speak for every one obviously, but I've done a couple of different 5-day certification courses now and have compared experiences with others and thought it might be of interest to someone if I made a few notes on the kind of things you can expect to see.
5-day Project Management courses can be quite expensive, especially if you're paying for it yourself, so there is understandably a bit of apprehension for people doing a course for the first time.
The process may vary slightly from country to country, but in Australia at least… this is what typically happens.
Location, location, location
Nearly every course I've seen in a capital city has been held at an inner-city hotel. A lot of them are at ‘B' class hotels. The cost of hiring out conference facilities is obviously a factor for most training organisations, but they still want the convenience and some decent facilities and these 2nd string hotels generally offer a pretty good mix. You will find some at the higher class locations though and there are a few who operate out of dedicated training facilities in an office setting.
Whatever the location, you can assume that there should be adequate room to sit all people attending the course and room for the presenter. It should be relatively quiet (though don't expect it to be completely silent) and it should be organised in such a way where you don't need to leave the premises for the 8 or so hours a day that the course goes for… so you can generally assume that there will be toilets close by and food provided.
Training Course Catering
I'd be pretty shocked if you found yourself in a room that didn't have a good supply of coffee, tea and water. Some will also have juice… but really, we are PM's, so as long as you have coffee, it's all good… right?
Morning tea and afternoon tea are the usual suspects of muffins, bikkies (cookies), pastries and brownies (if you're lucky!)… probably not the best if you're on a diet. Sure, you can choose not to partake… but really… unless you strike one that's really trying to skimp on the facility costs, assume you'll submit to temptation at some point over the five days.
Lunch is typically a buffet style feast that won't leave you hungry (again, bad luck if you're on a diet), but it's also a great opportunity to get to know your fellow class-mates. My tip is to sit next to someone different each day, engage as many people as you can in conversation and get to know them… these courses are as much about networking as they are about getting certified! Make sure you include the course presenter in these conversations too – they are often highly experienced PM's with some incredibly interesting stories to share.
The Course Content
5 days is a pretty long time when all you're doing is studying a methodology (and eating), but it's also time that you need to use wisely.
The aim of the course is to get you to pass the exam – it's not really about learning the methodology in a practical way that you'll actually be an expert in it when you finish. Yes, you'll cover all key concepts and get a pretty good overview, but expect to get plenty of instructions on the type of questions typically asked in the exam and strategies for working out the answers.
Most of these certifications have multiple choice exams and unfortunately the only way they seem to be able to test your knowledge is by trying to make some of the answers a little tricky… so the instruction you get about passing the exam by using particular strategies for answering the questions are actually some of the more important bits that you should be listening to.
The People
Most courses seem to have about 10-20 people attending – it'll vary on the size of the room and how many the training organisation can attract I guess, but I'd be a bit concerned if I turned up to a course where the numbers were too far outside that range. A few either side is no big deal, but more would likely stretch the presenter a bit too far and take away some of the personal connection that helps with these short-course events.
The mix of people you get in your class can obviously be vastly different each time, but I'm pretty confident that you will be able to categorize most of them into one of the following groups:
Current PM's looking to pick up a certification because their employer has a training budget and they may as well take part since they don't have to pay. These people are usually the most relaxed people in the room and usually have enough experience behind them that they shouldn't have a lot of trouble passing… though sometimes they have a little too much experience and ‘their way of doing things' can be a bit different to the specifics of the methodology you're being tested against – which can cause a few problems if they don't pay attention and actually learn the material.
New PM's looking to get certification because they think it's necessary to get that next PM job they're trying to land. These people are generally going to be the ones who study the hardest. If their current employer is paying, then they may even be fairly calm about it… if they're funding it out of their own pocket, then they are going to be rather nervous and probably be fighting off a little panic at the end of the first day when they realise that failure is not a good option.
People who are there because they have to be there – you bound to see a few people who are only there because their employer told them they need to be trained… some are quite happy to be there, others, just don't want to be there at all. I'm pretty sure the pass rate for those who don't want to be there is pretty low – just remember that a lot of employers who pay for their employees to take a training course expect you to retake the exam if you fail – and that's generally at your own expense.
Given the cost of most of these courses, in a group of 15, I wouldn't expect to see more than 3 or 4 who are paying their own way, but there are generally a couple.
Have taken a 5-day certification course before (doesn't have to be PM related)? Leave a comment if you have any other observations to add or have had a completely different experience… I'm keen to hear about what you've seen.
London police are seeking a Calgary man in the shooting death of a London teen who died tracking their lost cellphone.
An arrest warrant has been issued for Muhab Sultanaly Sultan, 23, of Calgary on a charge of second-degree murder, police said Friday evening.
Sultan is accused of shooting Jeremy Cook, 18, of London. Cook's body was found at 5:20 a.m. on June 14 behind a plaza at the corner of Highbury Avenue and Huron Street.
The teen's death was front page news across Canada and sparked a debate about the dangers of using apps to track down lost or stolen cellphones.
Police say Cook had left their cellphone in a cab last weekend. They used a device to track the phone and went with a relative to a parking lot on Highbury Avenue.
Cook approached a silver car with three men inside, police said.
One of the men got out of the car and walked away.
The driver stepped on the gas. Cook grabbed the driver's door and held onto the car as it drove north on Highbury before turning into a strip mall parking lot. Police responding to reports of gunshots found their body behind a drug store.
The car was found in a residential neighbourhood near the plaza. Cook's phone was found in the area by a citizen.
A London police spokesperson wouldn't say whether investigators believe Sultan has returned to Calgary or remains in Ontario.
“We're still conducting the investigation,” Const. Kimberly Flett said, adding Sultan is known to police.
Police say anyone who sees Sultan should call 911 and not approach him.
A man by the same name, and roughly the same age, was arrested in London in 2011 for cocaine trafficking and gun charges.
Police got a call about a knife fight on Salisbury Avenue on Jan. 12 and came across two men involved in the scrap.
One ran from police but was soon captured. Their brother tried to help them escape and was arrested too, police said.
Officers seized a 9 mm handgun, along with a magazine capable of holding 15 rounds of ammunition.
The London police guns and drugs section searched a vehicle and seized 1.9 grams of cocaine worth about $190 then.
A Muhab Sultan, then 19, was charged with causing a disturbance, breaking probation, careless use and storage of a firearm and ammunition, cocaine trafficking and other firearms infractions.
Their brother, 21, was charged with possession of a firearm while prohibited, possession of a loaded regulated firearm, trafficking in cocaine and other firearms infractions.
It's not certain the man arrested in 2011 in London is the same as the one police are seeking.
A man named Muhab Sultan, whose photograph shows a remarkable similarity to the one police issued, ran a moving business in Calgary.
Their online profile suggests they began the business in 2012 after the family moved to Alberta from somewhere in Ontario.
Their phone number took one message from The Free Press before a second call revealed their mailbox was full.
The voice message said callers had reached Muhab Sultan, but did not mention the moving business.
Police are still looking for two other suspects, neither of whom have been identified, in Cook's slaying.
One is described as a black man with very short hair who was wearing a black jacket or shirt and a fitted hat.
The other, who police say walked away from the car during the confrontation, is a black man with a slim build. Police are appealing for them to contact police and identify himself.
Originally from Brampton, Cook had recently graduated from Notre Dame Catholic School and was heading to Fanshawe College to study carpentry.
The ambitious teen had started their own business, Cottage Chairs, building and selling cottage chairs.
An online fundraiser set up for Cook's family on Wednesday had raised more than $30,000 by Friday night.
Cook's funeral is scheduled for 10 a.m. on Monday at St. Anne's Roman Catholic Church in Brampton.
dale.carruthers@sunmedia.ca
randy.richmond@sundmedia.ca
Iran state media put out a stunning report Saturday claiming that imprisoned Christian pastor Youcef Nadarkhani is facing the death sentence for rape and extortion, not for apostasy and refusing to renounce their religion, as their lawyer, human rights groups and Western news media have reported.
"His crime is not, as some claim, converting others to Christianity," the deputy governor of the Gilan province, Gholomali Rezvani, told Fars, the semi-official state news agency.
"He is guilty of security-related crimes."
The Fars comments were part of a larger Iranian media push to counter reports that Nadarkhani was facing execution for refusing to recant their Christian faith.
“We're trying to determine if this is the state-controlled media throwing it out there,” said Jordan Sekulow, Executive Director of the American Center for Law and Justice (ACLJ).
“There's been no mention of any other charges than apostasy in trial documents.”
In a ruling from the Iranian Supreme Court, translated into English by the ACLJ, Nadarkhani was sentenced to execution by hanging for, “turning their back on Islam” and “converting Muslims to Christianity.”
The ruling also alleges that they also participated in Christian worship by holding home church services and baptizing themselves and others, effectively breaking Islamic Law.
FoxNews.com obtained a copy of the ruling and there is not a single mention of rape or extortion allegations.
Fox News reported earlier this week that Nadarkhani, 32, who ran a group of house churches in Iran, was facing execution after being convicted last November of apostasy.
Nadarkhani appealed their conviction all the way to the Iranian Supreme Court, and their appeals trial began last Sunday in Gilan province.
It was then that the married father of two young children refused to renounce their religion, according to their lawyer and rights groups monitoring the trial.
Click here to read the copy of Iranian court ruling translated into English.
“The only question now is whether the Iranian government is actually leveling these new charges against them in court or just throwing out new accusations to try and deflect media attention,” Sekulow said.
“One thing is clear, if Fars News is acknowledging Pastor Youcef's trial, we know that Iran's leaders are fully aware of it too - that's a good thing,” they said.
Nadarkhani's attorney, Mohammad Ali Dadkhah told The Associated Press Thursday that their client had appeared before the appeals court within the last few days and that they believed there is a “95 percent chance” of acquittal.
Dadkhah said neither Iranian law nor clerics have ever stipulated the death penalty as punishment for converting from Islam to Christianity.
Early Saturday in Iran, ACLJ received report from sources in Iran that Pastor Youcef is alive.
On Thursday, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released a statement saying: “The United States is deeply concerned by reports of the Iranian government's continued repression of its people. Despite statements from Iran's Supreme Leader and President claiming support for the rights and freedoms of Iranian citizens and people in the region, the government continues its crackdown on all forms of dissent, belief, and assembly. We are particularly concerned by reports that Christian pastor Youcef Nadarkhani is facing execution on charges of apostasy for refusing to recant their faith.”
Also on Thursday, the White House condemned the conviction and possible death sentence, saying the execution would further demonstrate Iranian authorities "utter disregard" for religious freedom.
“Now as far as what crimes the Iranian government alleged they have committed, you'd have to speak to the Iranian government,” one State Department official said when asked about Saturday's developments.
“The United States has definitely not been shy and been very vocal about the human rights abuses taking place in Iran. They have a legacy of abuse,” the official said.
Fox News' Perry Chiaramonte, Stephen Clark, Joshua Miller and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Until effective screenwriting techniques become second nature, there is just too much to keep in mind for the beginning screenwriter. But prioritize core issues and you'll make progress faster than you can imagine.
by Karel Segers
Formatting, dialogue, subtext, rising stakes, … Just too much for many newbies, so they feel restricted and decide that all this theory stands in the way of a good story. In a funny way, it does. Until you figure out the core issues, you will be wasting time and energy focusing on the detail.
From the scripts I read and the local films I watch, it strikes me that the same fundamental issues keep coming back. And if you watch Australian films, you'll find that the problems are not limited to beginners' scripts: these fatal flaws actually make it through production, which is a particularly sorry state of affairs.
In Australian script development circles, people cannot stop talking about the lack of character development. In my view, this is only the last one of three fundamental problems with most scripts – and, yes: produced films.
1. Poor Premise
It suffices to look at the loglines we have judged here on TSD recently to see that many scripts in development are guaranteed to fail unless the screenwriters completely rethink their premise.
This has nothing to do whatsoever with budgets or genres or writing talent. It is about simple concepts and these must be expressed clearly in terms of a main character, a goal and obstacles in the way of achieving that goal. If you cannot sell this in a sentence to someone who already has your attention, chances are slim you'll be able to sell it to the punter who has to decide between your film and 7 others on movie night.
A main character, a goal and obstacles
in the way of achieving that goal.
Here's an example of a logline without drama:
“When Mike Langford, a war photographer with a reputation for risk-taking, disappears inside Cambodia after its fall to the Khmer Rouge, they become a mythic figure in the minds of their friends. The search for them reveals the personal highways that led them to war, and to their ultimate fate.”
It purports to have the ‘cachet' of a true story, it may teach us something about the evil of the Khmer but it ain't a movie and surely not one that many people will want to see.
Why not?
First: Mystery doesn't sell. This story is pitched like it will be one hundred and ten minutes of exposition. Gradually we find out the details about this Mike character, to ultimately conclude that they are this mythic figure. Big deal.
Secondly, who cares about the Khmer Rouge? Seriously. In this case, using the political angle in the logline is of no use.
This story is pitched like it will be
one hundred and ten minutes of exposition.
This ain't a movie. It may be a book or a documentary at best.
When I read these loglines of films in development and/or production, I hope they are a poor representation of an ultimately much stronger movie. After release it usually turns out the logline was accurate. Millions spent on a poor idea.
You can develop until the cows come home, spend one, two or twenty million on production values. People won't come. There ain't no story.
Okay, enough ranting. We have two more to go.
2. Problematic Point of View
This one has been my number one pet peeve since I read a NSW state development document that betrayed how poor their understanding of Point of View was. They were talking about ‘omni-potent' POV. I kid you not.
The movies that fail in the department of POV more than any other are novel adaptations. In prose, shifting POV goes largely unpunished. On the screen, it's tricky. I remember seeing the first act of Hating Alison Ashley, a teen flic starring a (locally) big name pop singer. Even before the story is set up properly, a host of supporting characters have had their own scenes without the lead character present. By the end of Act One, the filmmakers had missed their opportunity to make the audience care for the Hero for the simple reason that too many scenes had not been from their POV.
In prose, shifting POV goes largely unpunished.
On the screen, it's tricky.
Film is all about making the viewer not just empathise but often even identify with the main character. The story is to be experienced through the eyes of the character. For this to work, you can't mess with who is driving the scene , let alone who is IN the scene. If you have one main character, we're supposed to see that character on screen pretty much all the time. Yes, there are exceptions but check it out: most exceptions that WORK were written by screenwriters who had a wad of experience.
If in a single-POV story the protagonist disappears off the page, you better be setting up some jeopardy for this character through dramatic irony. Don't know the term? Look it up. And when we do move away from the Hero, most likely we are NOT in an omniscient POV but shifting into an other character's POV. Okay, read that sentence again because it is important.
A few years back I had an interesting discussion with Michael Hauge who admitted they had wrongly labeled a story as having an ‘omniscient POV'. Cinema doesn't like ‘omniscient'. It's all about identifying with one character at a time, the character we experience the story through.
In my view, screenwriters who have not yet proven to be successful in single POV should not move beyond that. And if you are not sure about how it works, study it.
Cinema doesn't like ‘omniscient'. It's all about
identifying with one character at a time.
3. Passive Protagonist
Character is revealed through action only. David Mamet likes to call it ‘habitual action'. If a character doesn't act, there's no way of finding out what the character is about as dialogue by nature is unreliable. As a matter of fact, this is how one type of subtext works: a character says one thing but shows another through action.
Character is revealed through action only.
Many scripts I read have a lot happening. Some have an unrelenting string of events, yet the main character doesn't respond to these in any meaningful way, with any sensible goal. In other movies, the main character formulates an objective but then remains passive and doesn't pursue it; or pursues it with the passion of a slug on tranquillisers.
One exception here is the character who makes a statement by refusing to act. It is not the type of character audiences prefer to see but it can work and receive great critical acclaim such as Sex, Lies and Videotape and more recently Animal Kingdom.
The character who makes a statement by refusing to act […] is not the type of character audiences prefer to see.
Recently I watched the Australian film The Waiting City. A couple travel to India to meet and pick up an adoptive child. Upon arrival they realise things are not as simple as they had expected. So what do they do? They wait. You've got to be kidding me. Seriously, the first half of Act Two consists mostly of the couple bickering over relationship issues and killing time while waiting.
When around the mid point they traveled to the town of origin of their adoptive child to better understand where they were coming from, I gave up.
Once the goal is clear, we expect the Hero(es) to act, struggle, fight, to achieve that goal. Not wait.
– Karel Segers
