by Michael Wright, Co-Editor
Does this scenario sound familiar? You buy a new piece of gear; say an eyepiece that you are dying to try out on your favorite deep sky object. It arrives in the mail on a weekday so you decide wait until the week-end. On Saturday, Clear Sky Chart predicts above average seeing and transparency, but as you are pulling out your scope, your spouse reminds you that your child has a recital that evening. You do the right thing and put the scope back.
Next time your observing plans are frustrated, take consolation in the story of Guillaume Le Gentil. In 1760, Le Gentil was commissioned by the French Academy of Sciences to observe the 1761 transit of Venus from Pondicherry, India. Sailing from France in March 1760, they arrived on the Isle de France (Mauritius) in July where they learned that war had broken out between France and Britain preventing further passage east. In February 1761, they were finally able to secure passage. Despite the upcoming monsoon season, they were assured that they could reach Pondicherry by mid-April in plenty of time for the transit on June 6. Unfavorable winds blew their ship off course, so it spent five weeks wandering around the Indian Ocean and the Arabian Sea. Upon nearing Mahé on the west coast of India, the captain learned that Pondicherry had been captured by the British so they decided to return to Isle de France. Le Gentil had no choice but to remain on board for the return trip. On the day of transit, Le Gentil was on board ship and unable to make accurate observations on the rolling deck.
Rather than return to France, Le Gentil decided to stay in the Indian Ocean until the next transit in 1769 and “to make all observations I could on geography, natural history, physics, astronomy, navigation, winds and tides.” This they did for a few years. In 1766, they decided that Manila in the Philippines would be the ideal spot to observe the transit so on May 1, they sailed for Manila and arrived in August. The Spanish governor of Manila was suspicious and antagonistic towards Le Gentil. Learning that Pondicherry was in French hands again, Le Gentil escaped on a Portuguese ship. On their arrival in Pondicherry on March 27, 1768, the governor welcomed them with a feast, and the next day invited them to select a location for their observatory. Le Gentil selected a palace that has been partially destroyed by the British and was now used as a powder magazine. While waiting for the June 4, 1769 transit, they prepared their observatory and studied Indian astronomy.
On the eve of the transit, the sky was perfectly clear and Le Gentil entertained the governor with views of Jupiter's satellites. Everything appeared favorable for observing the transit the next day. Awakening during the night, Le Gentil was dismayed that the sky was overcast. They wrote “… I felt doomed, I threw myself on the bed, without being able to close my eyes.” Instead of clearing, a storm blew in bringing thicker clouds completely obscuring the Sun for the duration of the transit. Immediately after, the skies cleared and the Sun shone for the rest of the day. Le Gentil wrote in their journal that day:
“That is the fate that often awaits astronomers. I had gone more than ten thousand leagues; it seemed that I had crossed such a great expanse of seas, exiling myself from my native land, only to be the spectator of a fatal cloud which came to place itself before the Sun at the precise moment of my observation, to carry off from me the fruits of my pains and of my fatigue…”
And to add insult to injury, the skies were clear in Manila that day!
Le Gentil fell into a funk for several weeks and contracted dysentery, which delayed their return to France. Still sick, they embarked in March 1770 for home, but was forced to convalesce at the Isle de France. By July they were ready to continue their journey, but could not obtain passage until November. A hurricane damaged their ship and Le Gentil was forced to return to Isle de France again, where they received news that their heirs presumed them dead and were trying to divide their estate. On March 31, 1771, they left Isle de France for the last time and endured a stormy trip to Cadiz in Spain. Traveling overland, they reached French soil on October 8, 1771; eleven years, six months and thirteen days after setting out.
But that is not all! Upon returning home, they found their heirs fighting over their estate, funds entrusted to their agent missing, eight crates of specimens collected on their journey missing, and their seat in the Academy lost. Their seat was eventually restored, but they could not recoup the lost funds or locate the missing specimens. Now, compared to Le Gentil's ordeal, are your disappointments so terrible?
Advertisements
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has admitted they are ready to sign Thierry Henry for a THIRD time.
Henry is set to join Wenger's Arsenal on a short-term loan from New York Red Bulls in January, having already trained with the Gunners three times in recent days.
The now 35-year-old Frenchman, Arsenal's 228-goal record scorer, did the same last winter after the MLS season came to an end and Wenger is hoping they can give their squad the same kind of lift they did then.
The Gunners boss confirmed they are keen on Henry – who scored twice in seven games for Arsenal last season, including a sensational FA Cup winner after coming on as sub against Leeds on their 'debut' – especially with out-of-favour striker Marouane Chamakh set to leave in January.
Henry has now gone with Red Bulls on a 10-day end-of-season tour, but will return to London next month to step up their training.
Wenger said: “He has been practising with us. Three times. Will I sign them again in January? I don't know – I don't rule it out.
(Image: Getty)
"I don't know if they would be interested.
“This year we will lose Gervinho to the Africa Cup of Nations again, so we will be short – particularly if Chamakh goes.”
Chamakh has been linked with a return to former club Bordeaux.
Chicago's first free and publicly accessible "maker lab" is already off and 3-D printing following its Monday opening at the Harold Washington Library.
The innovation lab includes 3-D printers, laser cutters and a milling machine. With the printer, for example, makers can print off small objects of their own design or use pre-loaded templates (but no weapons or anything "offensive," librarians say). While it's free to use the space, makers must pay for the plastics and other materials they use for their creations.
The space has been open for just a day, but according to technology site Ars Technica, teachers, instructors and even business owners have reportedly been "e-mailing nonstop" asking the library how to get involved with the space.
"When school gets back in, we have a few high school teachers and principals who want to use that space as a hands-on lab for a class," Chicago Public Library's first deputy commissioner Andrea Sáenz told Ars.
During a demo with the Tribune Monday, librarian John Christensen told the paper machines like 3-D printers may be in the future what PCs were in decades past.
"To me this is akin to the way we viewed personal computers," Christensen said. "If you remember, at first it was a hobbyist thing, which (3-D printing) definitely is right now. Then eventually there was desktop publishing, which is now so familiar no one even calls it that anymore. But it has to start somewhere."
As business and technology site Gigaon notes, Chicago's maker-space in the Harold Washington is unique.
In a recent post explaining why other public libraries should follow Chicago's lead, Gigaon writes:
"Libraries should, and have in many instances, extend that same treatment to new technology that is promising. Few will be as disruptive as the internet, but resources like Chicago's maker lab will bring in people who might have never had the chance to build something otherwise. Dozens of people build prototypes and products or even run their businesses out of TechShop, where they also meet other makers full of new ideas. Imagine if libraries offered similar opportunities."
We had an interesting conversation yesterday in comments about this video. GOP folks and Tea Partiers are increasingly peeved that their movement is being depicted in the media as filled with angry crazies on the verge of violence. As someone who's studied protest, and demonstrated a couple of times myself, I think part of the problem is quality control.
I date back to the Million-Man March, when there was great concern that the hordes of black men descending on Washington might break out into a riot. Farrakhan was at the height of their power and the March was a product of the black nationalist wing of the community, not the "safe" civil rights wing. Indeed, several civil rights leaders, at the time, denounced the March.
I was a student at Howard at the time, and like all the other prospective Marchers, I read the papers and was well-versed in notion of not embarrassing your people in front of white folks. The last thing any of us wanted to do was to march down to the Mall and have the next day's headline read, "Niggers Can't Even March Without Fighting." In the months leading up to the March, organizers toured the country speaking to black men in the community and pushing the essential conservative aspects of the March. We had an interesting conversation yesterday in comments about this video. GOP folks and Tea Partiers are increasingly peeved that their movement is being depicted in the media as filled with angry crazies on the verge of violence. As someone who's studied protest, and demonstrated a couple of times myself, I think part of the problem is quality control.
The theme was atonement--even as we recognized the wickedness of racism, we were going to the Mall to take ownership of our sins, to denounce black on black crime, to denounce absentee fatherhood, and recommit ourselves to the traditional cult of maledom. The concept of violence, or even boisterous anger, was counter to the March's goals, and so while there was much surprise at how solemn the event came off, if you'd been watching from the start, it would have made sense. I think had someone done something to embarrass us, there really would have been hell to pay. We thought that media was looking for trouble, but we also thought it was within our power not to give it to them.
I think we got some of that sense from the Civil Rights movement's choreography. These guys were the masters of protest as propaganda. The Montgomery bus boycott was a strategy and Rosa Parks was not some witless old lady, but a civil rights worker who'd been trained to accord themselves a certain way. When Martin Luther King would be arrested they dressed a certain way, they seemed to try to convey to the cameras a kind of solemn restraint. The marches themselves were choreographed, and the strategy of nonviolence was drilled into anyone who'd protest.
I hear GOP folks and Tea Partiers bemoaning the fact that media and Democrats are using the extremes of their movement for ratings and to score points. This is like Drew Brees complaining that Dwight Freeney keeps trying to sack him. If that were Martin Luther King's response to media coverage, the South might still be segregated. I exaggerate, but my point is that the whining reflects a basic misunderstanding of the rules of protest. When you lead a protest you lead it, you own it, and your opponents, and the media, will hold you responsible for whatever happens in the course of that protest. This isn't left-wing bias, it's the nature of the threat.
There is of course a deeper question about the limits of strategy. It's possible that if the Tea Partiers cleaned up their ranks--purged the birthers, publicly rebuked people like this guy , banned Hitler signs, loudly rejected any instances of racism--that they simply wouldn't have much of a movement left. Martin Luther King was trying to lead a black community that was demonstrably patriotic, and had, in the main, rejected political violence as a strategy. They could afford to be picky. In the case of the Tea Parties, it's possible that once you subtract the jackasses, you just don't have enough energy left.
Israel-hating feminist firebrand Linda Sarsour is under fire for allegedly bullying an underling to cover-up exploding sexual abuse charges in their Brooklyn office.
According to the Daily Caller, the controversial Sarsour blew off the allegations.
Asmi Fathelbab told the political website that while they were working for Sarsour's Women's March organization, a male co-worker repeatedly rubbed their crotch against them
Sarsour allegedly responded in an explosion of fat shaming — and promised to have them blacklisted from other NGOs.
“She oversaw an environment unsafe and abusive to women,” Fathelbab told the Caller. “Women who put [Sarsour] on a pedestal for women's rights and empowerment deserve to know how they really treats us.”
Another employee corroborated Fathelbab's account and Sarsour's alleged resulting intimidation.
The incidents happened in 2009.
“He would pin me against the wall and rub their crotch on me,” they told the Caller. “It was disgusting … You have no idea what it was like to stand up and feel that behind you.”
Sarsour — a darling of the left — reacted by calling the woman “a liar” and sniffed that “something like this didn't happen to women who looked like” Fathelbab.
The activist has frequently spoken of their own perceived beauty.
And when the 37-year-old New Yorker turned to the president of the Arab American Association's board of directors, Ahmad Jaber?
Jaber allegedly told them the accused man, Majed Seif, couldn't have attacked them because they are a “God-fearing man” who was “always at the Mosque.” Sarsour was enraged.
“( Sarsour) told me I'd never work in NYC ever again for as long as they lived,” Fathelbab said. “She's kept them word. They had me fired from other jobs when they found out where I worked. They have kept me from obtaining any sort of steady employment for almost a decade.”
Sarsour did not respond to comment.
On May 24, for the first time in Donald Trump's presidency, a U.S. Navy destroyer conducted a freedom-of-navigation operation in the South China Sea, cruising within 12 nautical miles of Mischief Reef, a disputed island in the Spratly archipelago. The operation, the fifth in the last two years, contested Chinese claims to territorial waters in the South China Sea, which an international tribunal had ruled in 2016 to be in violation of international law. As U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis argued earlier this year, “China has shredded the trust of nations in the region. … the point behind a rules-based international order — what those words mean — is that we all play by the rules.”
American leaders enjoy lecturing the Chinese on “maintaining the rules-based international order.” The message is clear: China should be more like us. But Americans should be careful what they wish for. In the United States of Amnesia, very few Americans have any inkling of how we behaved at an analogous period in our history.
Just over a century ago, Theodore Roosevelt led a rapidly growing U.S. into what they were supremely confident would be an American century. In the decade that followed Roosevelt's arrival in Washington, the U.S. drove Spain from the Western Hemisphere, threatened Germany and Britain with war, supported an insurrection in Colombia to create the new country of Panama and declared itself the police officer of the Western Hemisphere, asserting the right to intervene whenever and wherever it judged necessary.
In the United States of Amnesia, very few Americans have any inkling of how we behaved at an analogous period in our history.
Roosevelt was driven by the conviction that national greatness rested on two imperatives: the mission to advance civilization at home and abroad and the muscle to achieve it. In their mission to expand that civilization, they enlarged America's sphere of influence in ways that shook its competitors to the core.
Four episodes in particular describe the trajectory of America's ascendance in its drive to become the power in its hemisphere:
Days after taking office as assistant secretary of the U.S. Navy in 1897, Roosevelt wrote a memo to U.S. President William McKinley outlining the dangers posed by Spanish control of Cuba. Four months later, they presented a war plan that promised victory in six weeks. After a mysterious explosion sank the U.S.S. Maine in February 1898, Roosevelt went from planning to personally participating in an invasion of Cuba, leading the legendary Rough Riders regiment in the liberation of Cuba from Spain, which also ceded Puerto Rico, Guam and the Philippines to the U.S.
In 1902, months after being thrust into the presidency by the assassination of McKinley, Roosevelt told Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany they would “crush” their warships if they did not immediately end a naval blockade of Venezuela and let America arbitrate the debt dispute that instigated the blockade. Backed by the rapidly growing American Navy, Roosevelt's successful ultimatum finally gave teeth to the Monroe Doctrine: the Western Hemisphere was off limits to European colonization and interference.
Photo 12 via Getty Images Satirical cartoon about the Monroe Doctrine. January 1903.
A year later, when Colombia rejected their proposal to build a canal through its territory in Panama (to allow the U.S. Navy to operate in both the Atlantic and Pacific), Roosevelt refused to take no for an answer. As they recalled, “I determined that I would do what ought to be done without regard to them.” Maneuvering behind the scenes, Roosevelt encouraged a nascent Panamanian independence movement and sent American troops to defend the rebels from the Colombian military. After the Panamanian rebels declared independence, the U.S. quickly established diplomatic relations and negotiated a treaty that gave the U.S. rights to the future canal “in perpetuity.”
In a dispute with Canada — and its imperial guardian, Britain — over the borders of the “fat tail” of Alaska, Roosevelt sent American troops to defend U.S. claims and threatened war if the Canadians did not relent. Roosevelt ultimately agreed to submit the dispute to an international tribunal but only after panel membership was rigged to assure a favorable outcome. To secure the crucial, deciding vote of the British representative (among a panel otherwise made up of Americans and Canadians), Roosevelt made it clear that the alternative would be a war Britain would lose. As they instructed their secretary of state to inform London, the U.S. would be forced “to act in a way which will necessarily wound British pride” should the decision not be favorable to the Americans.
'I determined that I would do what ought to be done without regard to them.' U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt
Fresh from victories over Spain, Germany and Britain, and dominant from Alaska to Venezuela, Roosevelt declared in their 1904 State of the Union speech that America had assumed responsibility for the peace and stability of its geopolitical neighborhood and should exercise “international police power.” Under this “Roosevelt Corollary” to the Monroe Doctrine, American troops intervened in Latin America 21 times over the next 30 years.
As we all know by now, there will be a second wave of the LEGO The Hobbit sets based on the second part of the three-part film series, The Desolation of Smaug. There are four sets to this wave, one of which was revealed during Day 3 of the 2013 San Diego Comic Con. Over on Eurobricks, some of the details for the sets have emerged. The details aren't much but at least we know a little bit more about the sets. They also note that the sets will be in stores this December.
Dol Guldur Ambush (79011) – There are three minifigures in the set: two orcs and some sort of soldier. There is also a grey rock. – ~$26.99
Mirkwood Elf Army (79012) – 442 pieces, six minifigures: two orcs, 3 elves, and an elvish king (possibly Thranduil). Set includes a wall and a tree in tan, dark tan, and brown. – ~$39.99
Lake Town Chase (79013) – Seen before but there is are images of the set including the box as well as the minifigures included: Bard, Bilbo Baggins, Thorin Oakenshield, Laketown Guard, Master of Lake-town (see below) – ~$56.99
Dol Guldur Battle (79014) – Six minifigures: Gandalf in grey outfit, probably Radagast, Nazgul-like character (Necromancer?), normal orc, “white” orc similar to Yazneg (Azog?), warrior with big red beard (Beorn?). The set looks similar to the Battle at the Black Gate (79007) but in grey bricks. – ~$79.99
**Lake Town Chase images via Brixit**
LLVM Weekly - #122, May 2nd 2016
Welcome to the one hundred and twenty-second issue of LLVM Weekly, a weekly newsletter (published every Monday) covering developments in LLVM, Clang, and related projects. LLVM Weekly is brought to you by Alex Bradbury. Subscribe to future issues at http://llvmweekly.org and pass it on to anyone else you think may be interested. Please send any tips or feedback to asb@asbradbury.org, or @llvmweekly or @asbradbury on Twitter.
News and articles from around the web
GCC 6.1 has been released. Perhaps the most apparent user-visible change is that the C++ frontend now defaults to C++14.
The Rust compiler has introduced a new intermediate representation, MIR, used for optimisations prior to lowering to LLVM IR.
Tanya Lattner has written about the LLVM Foundation's plans for 2016. The LLVM Foundation has established 3 main programs: Educational Outreach, Grants and Scholarships, and Women in Compilers and Tools.
On the mailing lists
LLVM commits
LLVM now supports indirect call promotion based on value-profile information. This will promote indirect calls to a direct call guarded by a precondition. r267815.
The LLVM documentation has been extended with a CMake primer covering the basics of the CMake scripting language. r268096.
The PDB dumper has been refactored into a library. r267431.
The MinLatency attributed has been removed from SchedMachineModel. r267502.
CodeGenPrepare will now use branch weight metadata to decide if a select should be turned into a branch. r267572.
Support for llvm.loop.distribute.enable metadata was added. This indicates a loop should be split in to multiple loops. r267672.
The SystemZ backend now supports the Swift calling convention. r267823.
libFuzzer's documentation has been expanded and improved. r267892.
Clang commits
clang-tidy gained a new checker for redundant expressions on both sides of a binary operator. r267574.
A new clang-tidy check will warn for use of functions like atoi and atol that don't report conversion errors. r268100.
The nodebug attribute on a global or static variable will now suppress all debug info for that variable. r267746.
A number of OpenMP features gained codegen support, such as the map clause and target data directive. r267808, r267811.
Other project commits
Officials in several Republican states that balked at participating in President Obama's ­health-care initiative are now revisiting the issue amid mounting panic over a possible Supreme Court decision that would revoke federal insurance subsidies for millions of Americans.
The discussions taking place in state capitals around the country are part of a flurry of planning and lobbying by officials, insurance and hospital executives, and health-care advocates to blunt the possible impact of a court ruling.
The justices hear arguments about the matter next week. If the court sides with the plaintiffs, who argue that subsidies are not allowed in the 34 states that opted against setting up their own insurance marketplaces, the ruling could spark an immediate crisis. People could see their insurance bills skyrocket and be forced to abruptly cancel their coverage.
At least six states where ­Republican leaders had previously refused to set up state marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act are now considering what steps they might take to preserve the subsidies being paid to their residents.
[The Supreme Court is deciding a case that could derail Obamacare. Here's what you need to know.]
Efforts to hold on to the subsidies are under consideration even in South Carolina, which supported the challenge now ­before the Supreme Court. Gov. Nikki Haley (R) said in an interview that South Carolina may consider setting up a marketplace, though it is unclear how such a proposal would fare in the staunchly conservative state.
“We're going to start in this next week working on some things statewide,” said Haley, who says they still oppose setting up an exchange.
Nine states now have bills under consideration to set up their own marketplaces, ­according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, although in some cases these efforts began before the court accepted the subsidies case.
Lobbyists for insurers, hospitals and consumer groups are alerting legislators in some states to what they call the potentially disastrous consequences if the subsidies are suddenly revoked. In Pennsylvania, for example, hospitals and insurers are trying to coax the Republican-led legislature to back a state marketplace if immediate action is needed to preserve the subsidies.
But there are enormous logistical and financial barriers to setting up a marketplace this late in the game, experts say. The states that already have their own marketplaces took several years to set up the Web sites, contract with insurance companies and establish call centers. They did so with the help of hundreds of millions of dollars in federal grants that are no longer available.
Lobbying is also taking place in Congress. Aetna's chief executive, Mark T. Bertolini, for instance, is in regular contact with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) on this matter, a company executive said. Aetna participates in insurance exchanges in 17 states, only one of which set up its own marketplace.
Insurers are gaming out who is going to drop coverage, and how quickly, if the subsidies dry up. The companies have begun devising strategies to hold on to these customers. Insurers that did major hiring to handle the new business created by the marketplaces are figuring out whether layoffs may be needed.
About 8.8 million Americans this year has signed up for insurance through HealthCare.gov, the enrollment Web site serving nearly three dozen states that did not set up their own marketplaces. Of those who signed up, about 87 percent qualified for subsidies, according to administration data. The subsidies were key to making coverage affordable for the vast majority of these people, cutting monthly premiums on average by nearly three-quarters, according to administration figures.
The health-care law provides subsidies to low- and middle-income families who can't get coverage through their job, Medicaid or Medicare. To qualify, they must earn between $11,500 and $46,680 a year as individuals, or between $25,850 and $95,400 for a family of four. The subsidies are paid directly to insurers, who then apply the discount to their customers' monthly premiums.
[Millions at risk of losing coverage as justices take up challenge to Obamacare]
Plaintiffs in the case before the court contend that the law as written allows subsidies to go only to people who buy coverage in marketplaces “established by the state.” The Obama administration has countered that it is clear Congress meant for the subsidies to go to all marketplaces.
If the justices strike down the subsidies for federal marketplace states, those payments could halt as quickly as 25 days later, although the court or Congress could allow for a longer transition period.
A court decision invalidating the subsidies could undermine the market for individual insurance, said Larry Levitt, an insurance industry expert at the Kaiser Family Foundation. Rather than risk facing financial catastrophe, insurers are likely to pull out of the federal marketplace, dismantling a central piece of the health law and leaving millions without the new coverage they received under it, they said.
“I don't think any insurer would want to stay in the market under those circumstances,” ­Levitt said. “It would be too unstable.”
But some conservative scholars have suggested that the sky will not fall. The potential consequences are so great that it will put “hydraulic pressure” on the states to act, said Thomas P. Miller, a fellow at the free-market American Enterprise Institute, who predicted that as many as 10 states would set up their own marketplaces. Congress would also be forced to step in, and Obama could be compelled to work with Republicans on a solution, some experts have said.
Republicans in Congress have sought to show they are trying to devise solutions that could salvage the assistance in some form. Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), chairperson of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee, has said it is a top priority for GOP leaders to come up with a plan if the subsidies are gutted, although they declined to provide specifics. A trio of senior Republican lawmakers this month outlined their principles for a health-care plan. But five years after the health law's enactment, the party remains divided on how to replace Obamacare.
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell has said publicly that the federal government does not have a backup plan.
State governments are confronting the prospect of a public backlash if insurance prices ­skyrocket.
“Now that we have so many Ohioans enrolled, this has a significant impact on their care and what direction we're going as a state,” said Michael Stinziano, a Democratic legislator who is ­co-sponsoring a bill in Ohio to set up a state exchange.
Among the other Republican-led states where officials are now looking at options for engaging with the ACA health-care ­program are Maine, South Dakota and Utah, as well as South Carolina. Pennsylvania's newly minted Gov. Tom Wolf (D) has said they support going forward with a state exchange, a shift from the position of their Republican predecessor.
Opposition to the health law remains fierce in some states. This week, a Tennessee legislator introduced a bill barring the state from setting up an exchange. In Indiana, Gov. Mike Pence (R) has said they have ruled out a state-based marketplace regardless of what the Supreme Court does and urged Congress to craft a solution that gives states more flexibility.
Conservative activists also are ramping up their efforts to stiffen the spines of states that have rejected the health-care law.
“We're prepared for being able to educate state policymakers on the risks and costs of setting up a state exchange should they revisit this after the court decision,” said Tarren Bragdon, president of the Foundation for Government Accountability, a free-market policy organization that has already begun talking to lawmakers in eight states.
On the other side, politically powerful hospitals and insurers in states such as Pennsylvania are pressing lawmakers to establish state-based exchanges rather than risk the consequences if the subsidies vanish.
So far, these lobbyists have faced a challenge in persuading Pennsylvania's Republican-controlled legislature. But a court decision against the subsidies “could change the dynamic” in the Pennsylvania legislature, said James Redmond, a former hospital association executive and senior adviser to the Health Policy Institute of Pittsburgh. “The big question is, ‘Where will the money come from?' ”
Hospitals are counting on the revenue generated under Obamacare from newly insured patients who come through their doors. In the years before the health-care law was enacted, many hospitals saw their costs soar for providing care to patients without adequate insurance.
In Pennsylvania, for instance, the cost to hospitals of providing care to uninsured and underinsured patients increased from just over $670 million in 2007 to over $1 billion in 2012, an increase of about 50 percent, said Paula Bussard, chief strategy officer for the ­Hospital and Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania. If the subsidies disappear, many people could lose their coverage and hospitals could see their uncompensated costs spike, they said.
The association's representatives have been warning legislators about this possibility in ­face-to-face meetings, Bussard said.
Insurers may be in an even more difficult position. Open ­enrollment for 2015 just finished. Insurers will be completing their calculations for next year's premiums this spring and submitting them to state insurance departments before knowing the outcome of the Supreme Court decision.
Because of this uncertainty, the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, the national trade association, is working on “deep scenario analysis” to model what would happen if the subsidies are invalidated, said Brian Caveney, vice president and medical director of Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina.
The insurer has hired thousands of people to staff customer service call centers, process claims and provide care management. Without sufficient revenue, the insurer would have to cut those jobs, they said.
At the same time, a court ruling striking down the payments could inundate insurers with queries and concerns from panicked customers.
“If all of a sudden consumers realize they are losing their health insurance in the middle of the year, how on earth are you supposed to explain the implications to the policyholder on very short notice?” said Russell Davis, who consults for health plans at the Advisory Board Company.
Reid Wilson and Niraj Chokshi contributed to this report.
Our gift certificates are available in a variety of denominations and can be used to purchase any of our gourmet gift clubs.
"If you love to give, then this is a great way to keep giving monthly, especially to distant family and friends!"
"We draw names for Christmas. This year I have my oldest sister. Of course the gift will be Amazing Clubs!"
We're so confident in the quality of our #1 rated gift of the months clubs, we back every order with our unbeatable guarantee. It's simple. When you send a gift from Amazing Clubs, your recipient is going to love their gift. We guarantee it!
Highest Quality We want to exceed your expectations. By utilizing our talented team of gourmet professionals, we are able to track down and sample only the highest quality products.
This is an edited version of article by Alan Broadbent, chair of the Maytree Foundation, that appeared on the Maytree website.
It is hard to believe what a terrible city Toronto has become. One candidate says we can't take care of the 2.5 million people who live here. Another warns darkly about “more of the same” that has left us in “the current mess.” Only one, the deputy mayor who is carrying the legacy of the incumbent regime, is upbeat on the city, but they get drowned out in the raucous litany of abuse. Failure lurks around every corner, financial collapse is at hand, dispirit darkens every city street.
It is a bad time generally for cities in Ontario as municipal elections heat up, because in almost every city most of the candidates are running against the city where they want to be mayor or councillor. Cities are portrayed as serial failures, fiscal nightmares, administrative disaster zones, and places which fail citizens day after day.
And it all happened so fast, it all went downhill so quickly. It started with a few members of the commercial press, expressing outrage over every wandering penny at city hall, ready to out every fiscal villain for buying an espresso instead of a Tim's. Penny-pinching became heroic, the hair shirt was civic reform in action, and the race to the bottom began.
Yet we must be doing something right. Toronto keeps rising in the world ranking of cities as a financial powerhouse and a great place to live. As The Telegraph (U.K.) recently wrote, “Toronto nowadays is a progressive and welcoming city with a thriving economy, flourishing arts scene and renowned cuisine. Its education and health-care provision are among the best in the world.” Other Ontario cities also keep improving. We deliver, with few problems, clean water, electricity, plowed roads, social goods and services, excellent public health, and a broad range of infrastructure. It isn't perfect, but it is very good; particularly compared to other places in other countries.
The Ken Starr (yes, that Ken Starr) image rehabilitation tour has begun, with Starr joining the calls for transparency from Baylor's Board of Regents. He's urging the regents to release the full Pepper Hamilton report into how Baylor created a culture so blind that administrators believed rape “doesn't happen here” and so toxic that women who reported they were assaulted were put through hell. Starr's even gone so far as to say they resigned as chancellor so they could speak more freely about what happened at the university.
So here is a reminder (via KWTX-TV) that despite all of this, Starr remains full of shit:
Reporters have previously been letting Starr stick to their talking points, regardless of the fact that many of them don't match the facts. But during their sit-down interview with Starr, Julie Hays at KWTX confronted them about an email previously used in reporting by ESPN's Outside the Lines. The email is from a woman who said they were raped by former Baylor football player Tevin Elliott, who was sentenced to up to 20 years in prison for a separate sexual assault. The subject line is “I Was Raped at Baylor,” and the list of people it was sent to include Starr. During the report, images of the email scroll across the screen before cutting back to Starr.
Hays: “What about the victim that came forward saying that they had personally sent you an email and Art Briles an email saying in the subject line that they were raped at Baylor. Did you ever see that email?” Starr: “I honestly may have. I'm not denying that I saw it.”
This is one of three answers Starr will give to that question.
The interview continues but longtime GOP fixer Merrie Spaeth (who previously coached Starr before their testimony in support of impeaching Bill Clinton) starts taking action off-camera. In the package, Hays says that's when Spaeth told their news director that they couldn't use that part of the interview. The news director refuses, so Spaeth interrupts, saying they need to talk to Starr. This comes at about 1:34 in the video, and I suggest watching it to see just how adamant Spaeth is about halting the interview.
Advertisement
Spaeth and Starr walk away, then return with Spaeth telling the reporter to ask Starr the question again. Hays does. This time Starr gives answer No. 2.
Starr: “All I'm going to say is I honestly have no recollection of that.”
Go to minute 2:23 of the video to watch them give this answer because, in that moment, you can see them turning to Spaeth for help. They even ask them out loud, “Is that OK?”
Advertisement
Later Starr gives answer No. 3 (at the 2:33 mark of the video). He's even more emphatic this time:
Starr: “I honestly have no recollection of seeing such an email and I believe that I would remember seeing such an email. The president of a university gets lots of emails. I don't even see a lot of the emails that come into the office of the president. I have no recollection. None.”
There are real questions about what the Board of Regents knew and when they knew it, and the 13-page investigation summary that's been released gives zero detail on anything meaningful. But for Starr, joining the chorus calling for transparency is a convenient distraction from Starr's own fall from grace and the questions about their role in what happened. Starr might be talking, but they aren't saying anything students and alumni didn't already know. The Board of Regents is full of shit. Ken Starr is full of shit. And the women who say they were raped at Baylor still are waiting for answers.
Advertisement
[KWTX]
SOUTH Australia is the next battleground for gay-marriage activists after Tasmanian upper-house MPs voted down a bill to allow same-sex marriages.
The South Australian parliament will early next year debate a bill legalising same-sex unions, in a move supported by Labor Premier Jay Weatherill.
A private member's bill, co-sponsored by openly gay Social Inclusion Minister Ian Hunter and Greens MP Tammy Franks, is before the state's upper house.
Read Next
It could result in South Australia becoming the first state to legalise gay marriage, after the Tasmanian upper house on Thursday night rejected a similar bill, in an eight-to-six vote.
Mr Hunter, who will travel to Spain in January to marry their long-time partner, artist Leith Semmens, said they were optimistic their bill would be passed in the upper house when they returned.
They said that, in the wake of the Tasmanian decision, they expected the legislation to immediately become the first gay marriage laws to be tested in the High Court.
"There are a number of organisations opposed to gay marriage and I think one of them might bring legal action," Mr Hunter said yesterday. " We're not going to be happy about this until we've actually got this changed at the federal level." A legal challenge from the Gillard government was unlikely, they said.
Mr Weatherill has allowed a conscience vote for Labor members on the bill.
South Australian Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young yesterday called on the Gillard government to rule out launching any High Court challenges if a state passes gay marriage laws.
IRVING, Texas -- At 4 p.m. ET today, Dallas Cowboys coach Jason Garrett is scheduled to hold their day-after-game news conference. Undoubtedly questions about the quarterback will be at the top of the list.
After Sunday's 30-6 loss to the New England Patriots, Garrett said the position will be evaluated during the bye week to determine who starts Oct. 25 against the New York Giants between Brandon Weeden or Matt Cassel.
Most of the reactions have fallen into three categories.
Would that make a difference?
Hard to say. The Cowboys are limited offensively without Dez Bryant and Lance Dunbar. The running game has not been productive enough. The outside receivers, Terrance Williams and Devin Street, have not won enough. When they have won, Weeden has elected the safer route.
Can Cassel, who has a 33-38 record as a starter, throw Williams open? Maybe but they can't know the offense so well to get the Cowboys in and out of the right plays depending on defensive looks. But they have 96 career touchdown passes to 70 interceptions.
Cassel couldn't possibly be any worse
That should not be how a decision is ultimately made. Garrett likes to take the emotion out of any and all decisions they make. It's highly unlikely they will make a proclamation today on the starter against the Giants.
But the decision to make a change should not be based on, "Well, the other guy can't be worse." It has to be, "The other guy is better."
I told you so
The mere fact Weeden was on the roster in 2014 upset a lot of people. The fact that the Cowboys did not address their backup quarterback position in free agency was upsetting. The fact that they chose not to draft a quarterback for the future was upsetting, even if a rookie had little chance of helping in 2015.
The I-told-you-so crowd ignored the good Weeden did in their first two starts and their relief appearance against the Philadelphia Eagles. They aren't spectacular but they aren't awful, either. With an 0-3 record as the starter this season, however, nothing will drown out the I-told-you-so crowd.
In 2008, Romo missed three games with a broken pinkie finger. Brad Johnson started all three games but the offense was abysmal. The Cowboys gained 172 yards in their only win without Romo -- 13-9 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
As they entered a Week 10 meeting with the Giants, they toyed with the idea of starting Brooks Bollinger but stayed with Johnson. In the first half, Johnson completed 5 of 11 passes for 71 yards and was intercepted twice. Bollinger started the second half and their first pass was intercepted. New York turned the takeaway into a touchdown less than two minutes into the third quarter for a 28-7 lead.
For the Cowboys to make the move to Cassel, it has to be about what they are, not what Weeden isn't.
There is no way of knowing for sure Cassel will be better and the offense will improve, but these are the tough decisions Garrett has to make.
The season is on the line.
Villere, who also serves as Chairman of the Republican Party of Louisiana, was elected on Friday in Tampa, Florida. Villere replaces Alec Poitevint of Georgia, who is retiring after successfully organizing the 2012 Republican National Convention.
Roger Villere has been elected as Vice Chairman of the Republican National Committee.
"I look forward to serving Republican voters in this new capacity and helping to grow the Party and win elections across America," Villere said. "Our focus for the next two months is to replace Barack Obama and save our country and way of life," they said.
Villere served as a member of the Rules Committee for the national convention in Tampa. Their tenure as chairperson in Louisiana has included Republican takeovers of all seven statewide offices including Governor, and gaining GOP majorities in the Louisiana Senate, House, BESE and PSC.
Villere won despite being criticized for the handling of the recent Louisiana Republican primary which resulted in a rebellion by Ron Paul supporters.
{jvotesystem poll=|7|}
Want more Louisiana news?
Signup for Our Newsletter
Scan the QR Code above using your smartphone to signup for our newsletter.
Join Our Email List
Email:
Christopher Jue/Getty Images
Coffee is more than just the crucial beverage that makes it easier to face the workday. It provides comfort, culture, and is an essential source of the caffeine that Harvard neuroscientist Charles Czeisler says makes modern life possible.
But the global coffee supply is currently at risk, with shortages already starting to affect the world.
A full half of the world's area that's deemed suitable for growing coffee will be lost by 2050 if climate change remains unchecked, according to a new report from The Climate Institute of Australia.
By 2080, the report estimates that wild coffee (which helps us find genetic varietals that might be more resistant to climate stress) could go extinct.
Coffee shortages that make it harder to get good coffee and that hurt the livelihoods of 25 million coffee farmers around the globe are already having an effect, and it's not just environmental research groups that are concerned about future access to coffee. Advisors for corporate giants like Starbucks and Lavazza agree.
"We have a cloud hovering over our head. It's dramatically serious," Mario Cerutti, Green Coffee and Corporate Relations Partner at Lavazza, said at a hospitality conference in Italy in 2015.
"Climate change can have a significant adverse effect in the short term," they said. "It's no longer about the future; it's the present."
What's happening to coffee?
People drink more than 2.25 billion cups of coffee each and every day. The coffee industry is a major one, producing the second most valuable export for developing countries. But the better and more commonly grown type of coffee, Coffea Arabica, can only thrive in very specific conditions. For now, that means tropical highlands around the globe, from Central America and Brazil to Indonesia, Vietnam, and East Africa, its place of origin.
Christopher Jue/Getty Images
But a warming world and extreme weather, including both heavy rains and drought, are making it harder to grow coffee in these regions, according to the report. Temperature and heavy rain have helped a fungus called Coffee Leaf Rust spread through Central America and into South America, destroying crops. Pests like the Coffee Berry Borer are spreading for the same reasons. Drought in Brazil cut coffee production by around 30% in 2014 in Minas Gerais, a major coffee region.
Even a half a degree of temperature change can make a region that used to be a coffee gold mine unsuitable. Moving production to higher altitudes is not always feasible and can be especially difficult for the small farmers that make up 80-90% of coffee growers.
By 2050, half of currently suitable land will no longer be suitable, unless the world can limit warming to the 1.5-2 degree Celsius rise that was set as a goal at the 2016 Paris Climate Agreement, and really, even 1.5 degrees is pushing it for most farmers.
It's not a completely hopeless scenario — cutting emissions and limiting warming to 1.5 degrees would make a big difference, both for individual coffee lovers and for the 120 million people who make a living from the coffee supply chain. Buying coffee from groups that provide fair incomes to farmers can help those communities adapt.
But this is a serious situation and one worth paying attention to now, before problems get worse down the line.
As Starbucks sustainability director Jim Hanna told The Guardian in 2011 — five years ago — it's urgent.
"If we sit by and wait until the impacts of climate change are so severe that is impacting our supply chain then that puts us at a greater risk," they said. "From a business perspective we really need to address this now, and to look five, 10, and 20 years down the road."
A court in southern India handed down life sentences Friday to six men for the gang-rape of a law student on a university campus last year.
The six were also ordered to pay a fine totalling 6,000 rupees (around $90) to the 21-year-old victim from Nepal over the injuries and trauma they suffered in the attack last October in Bangalore.
Sessions judge K. Sangannavar told the court the men would be sent to prison “till their natural death”.
The sentence comes days before a verdict is due on four men charged over the fatal gang-rape of a physiotherapy student in New Delhi on a bus last December, a crime that sparked outrage across India.
Weeks of protests over that crime and the wider issue of women's safety in India led to tougher laws against sex offenders.
On October 13, the law student had been walking with a male companion in a secluded area of the Bangalore campus when a group of eight approached them. The woman was attacked after their companion was beaten up.
The judge, who found the group guilty earlier in the week, said they deserved the maximum sentence as their crime “involved not just the physical torture, but also the mental trauma of the victim that won't go away for a long time”.
A seventh suspect is being tried in a juvenile court while the eighth is still on the run. The six convicted, who were all residents of a nearby rural area, were arrested within a week of the assault.
The woman abandoned their studies after the assault and returned to Nepal.
Malcolm's Chickens Have Roosted in Shootings Across the United States
“The U.S. is flooded with anxiety and guns.”
Mass casualty, civilian-led shootings are a uniquely US phenomenon. The most recent headline shooting in Las Vegas took over fifty lives and injured many more. Since the War on Terror was declared in 2001, mass shootings have served as a barometer of the profound confusion and fear that exists in the US. Corporate media outlets and their allies in the US military state have shown little interest in finding actual policy solutions to the problem beyond more state repression. That's because any real investigation of the causes of these events would expose how Malcolm's chickens have roosted across the blood-soaked nation.
Mainstream discourse has once again failed to ask the right questions. Sympathetic accounts of white assailants have also served to place attention on individual suspects rather than systemic causes. Sympathetic accounts have been absent for Arab, Muslim, and other oppressed peoples who are instead deemed “terrorists” whenever they commit acts of mass violence on US soil, which isn't often. Then there is the superficial discussion about mental health and mass shootings, leading to few conclusions other than the stigmatization of the mentally ill. And of course, gun control lobbyists and weapons manufacturers have rehashed their superficial conflict to forward their particular political agendas.
“Pentagon weapons flow to local police departments in the billions to lynch Black Americans at a near daily rate and prepare for counterinsurgency war operations against the entire population.”
The ruling circle has every interest in dampening the ability of the masses to formulate an independent lens to understand “mass shootings.” The shootings reveal the fault lines of a deeply unstable domestic situation in the heartland of empire. They are a modern-day example of Malcolm X's “chickens coming home to roost.” When Malcolm made the controversial statement after John F. Kennedy's assassination, they were claiming that the violence white supremacy and empire had imposed on Black America and the people of Vietnam would eventually come back to afflict those in power. From this lens, what does the long list of mass shootings reveal about the United States?
For one, it reveals that the deeply militarized character of US society in 2017 has only intensified the empire's historic antagonisms. Chinese revolutionary Mao Tse-Tung once said that political power grows from the barrel of a gun. For over two centuries, the US has maintained political power by enforcing racism and capitalism at the barrel of a variety of deadly, mass-murdering guns. Millions of Africans and Natives were killed to make way for the nation's founding, and millions more have been murdered at home and abroad to ensure that the US maintains its dominant economic and military status. A trillion-dollar military budget, much of which goes to contracts with weapons manufacturers, continues to submit millions in Yemen, Syria, Libya, and elsewhere to violent, pre-mature deaths. Pentagon weapons flow to local police departments in the billions to lynch Black Americans at a near daily rate and prepare for counterinsurgency war operations against the entire population.
“For over two centuries, the US has maintained political power by enforcing racism and capitalism at the barrel of a variety of deadly, mass-murdering guns.”
A nation so steeped in violence cannot help but spread the fervor to the entire population. Popular corporate media celebrates violence, especially when it depicts US warfare. The Pentagon heavily invests in the corporate media to guarantee that its endless war on the world goes unchallenged. The police and military are celebrated at nearly every corporate sports venue and the US has several holidays dedicated to mass murderers and colonialists. Colin Kaepernick has been blacklisted from the NFL for not standing for a US flag that has imposed violence and premature death on the Black community since the nation's inception.
Couple the US empire's violent antagonisms with the supreme crisis of the capitalist economic system and the toxicity level of US society only heightens. The US is flooded with anxiety and guns. Mental health has worsened as a result of a general decline in living standards. Depression is highest where poverty is highest and about half of the US population is poor. It makes sense then that half of the US population experiences mental health symptoms at some point in their lives. Mental health symptoms are treated with pharmaceuticals that often carry side effects such as suicidal thoughts, irritability, and the like.
“Swimming in a toxic soup.”
The US, in other words, is a profoundly sick and violent society. To paraphrase Don Debar, the masses living in the belly of US imperialism are swimming in a "toxic soup.” That soup is increasingly going sour for both the rulers and the ruled. An intense level of stress has been foisted upon the laps of poor and working people, especially Black Americans in US imperialism's race to the bottom. A permanent unemployed class has arisen from the bowels of a stagnant capitalist economy. The rulers themselves are unhappy that US economic and military hegemony is waning in the global sphere and its public relations image has been tainted by the record rates of incarceration and police murder that exist within US borders.
Mass shootings are but another example of how the conditions imposed by imperialism domestically and globally eventually come back to haunt the system. Imperialism is digging its own grave. US covert support for jihadist terrorists abroad has left the US and West vulnerable to attacks on their own shores. US intelligence has also devised "counter terror" operations meant to legitimize the big lie that is the "War on Terror," literally creating scenarios by which to prove the legitimacy of the policy. State activity and surveillance has only further deepened the alienation present in a population so indoctrinated by the anti-social character of the empire. As Glen Ford stated in BAR, in a society "that has historically denied the humanity of people of color, killing and enslaving them, and which has waged modern wars of annihilation against non-whites around the world, solidarity with other human beings does not come naturally." This condition is only compounded by the fact that US intelligence services are designed to divide the population and, in collaboration with the corporate media, turn external anxieties inward.
“State repression, once only leveled on rebellious working people and racialized groups, has been extended to the entire population.”
US imperialism is a warfare state. Political chaos, social alienation, and economic misery define the internal life of US imperialism's declining empire. A trillion dollar military budget, over 800 military bases, and thousands of nuclear weapons cannot protect the system from its own demise. Malcolm's chickens have come home to roost in a variety of forms. Mass shootings are but one manifestation of their domestic presence.
The oppressor class always makes internal strife a reason to instill fear into the masses. Mass fear is then utilized to further the profit-driven agenda of the imperialist order. State repression, once only leveled on rebellious working people and racialized groups, has been extended to the entire population. Everyone is a potential terrorist that can be bombed or killed out of existence by the state. In the case of many mass shootings, the perpetrators are white and have to be treated humanely so not to reveal that white supremacy is at the root of all violence in the US. These events have only validated the fear that has been wielded by the ruling class to turn the attention of the masses away from changing the deplorable conditions they live in.
Danny Haiphong is a Vietnamese-American activist and political analyst in the Boston area. They can be reached at [email protected]
In the hunt for the latest trendy restaurants, our spotlight often misses neighborhoods that are home to some of the Valley's best kitchens — including those making metro Phoenix's best tacos. Over the next several weeks, we'll be guiding you toward the Valley's tastiest tacos, and the taquerías that serve them. Welcome to Taco Summer.
48: Tacos Tijuana
Taquería: Tacos Tijuana, 6710 West Thunderbird Road, Peoria
Open Since: 2016
Style: Carne asada and al pastor, done with Tijuana flair, served on tortillas prepared on-site
Signature Taco: Al Pastor del Trompo
Continue Reading
It's dinnertime on a warm Friday evening in April, a week shy of Tacos Tijuana's one-year anniversary. Owner Adolfo Torres Jr. wears a big, friendly smile above their strong jawline. Their shoulders are athletic, and they are quick on their feet as they rush to deliver plates lined with carne asada and al pastor tacos to every table under the shop's
blue awning.
The parking lot, where the food trailer sets up shop for lunch and dinner every Tuesday through Saturday, is no different from the hundreds of other intersections scattered across the Valley's suburban sprawl. On the northwest corner of Thunderbird and 67th Avenue, the makeshift dining room sits next to the Golden Spoke bike shop and a Sonic, while the other two corners are occupied by competing gas stations.
But even the most ordinary intersection in Phoenix can look remarkable while the sun is setting — and on this particular corner, I knew I could find tacos worth traveling west to Peoria for. I wasn't alone. The workday traffic was only just beginning to subside, and the parking lot was already jam-packed.
EXPAND Carne asada and al pastor tacos on their way to hungry customers. Shelby Moore
EXPAND Left: Owner Adolfo Torres Jr. often works the window, ensuring tacos make it to their destination swiftly and with a smile. Right: Adolfo Torres is proud of the level of service, which goes beyond what most expect from a food truck. Shelby Moore
The word is out about Tacos Tijuana's fiery orange al pastor. Thin, crisp, char-roasted slices of pork marinated for over a day in an adobo chile marinade are carved off a vertical roasting spit called a trompo that spins slowly inside the trailer. Salted and peppered carne asada sizzles on a nearby grill.
Though the foot traffic on their Peoria corner is a far cry from the throngs that crowded Boulevard Agua Caliente in Tijuana, where Adolfo Jr. first ran tacos from the family cart as a teenager with their father, Adolfo Sr., at the helm, their business here is brisk and growing.
“We want to serve the best tacos. We won't even consider bringing the ladder down to make more money," Adolfo explains while shaving fine slices of al pastor with a large knife. They carefully slide them onto warm tortillas that were made by hand moments earlier on the opposite end of the trailer. “Some people will say that it isn't worth having a couple extra people on payroll to make fresh tortillas,” Adolfo Jr. continues. "That's a difference maker … that's the product we're offering.”
EXPAND Adolfo Jr. has always loved business, and it was always their dream to start their own. Shelby Moore
The family cart back in Tijuana was very successful. Adolfo Jr. believes that this was in no small part due to the fact that Adolfo Sr., whom they call the “Master Taquero,” created their own recipes and stayed focused on quality, even when they expanded their business to operate in both Tijuana and in their hometown of Culiácan, the capital city of Sinaloa, Mexico.
Adolfo Sr. has been a taquero since the age of 16, when they entered the workforce in Mexico. At first, they had hopped around from cart to cart, learning the business of preparing and selling tacos. Then they began experimenting with recipes. Eventually, they became the owner of their own cart.
Today, at 65 years old, Adolfo Sr., continues to prepare their recipes here in the States, from the marinades for the meats to the salsas. “This is their baby right here,” Adolfo Jr. says, holding up a bottle of red salsa made from roasted arbol chiles. "My father's special blend is all about getting the flavor correct, keeping the kick of heat in check. It shouldn't burn your mouth. It should add to the experience of each taco."
Adolfo put their father on the phone, translating for him. “None of the sons know the recipe,” Adolfo Sr. says. “Someday they will know it, but not yet.”
Though as a young man Adolfo Sr. was running a successful cart of their own in Tijuana, they had other dreams. They hoped that one day they could raise their family across the border as American citizens. They made good on this goal as well, moving to Los Angeles, where Adolfo Jr. was born.
In the late '80s and early '90s, Los Angeles was in a state of upheaval. These were the times of the LA riots and the Rodney King scandal. Many recent immigrants, including Adolfo Sr., began to feel unsafe. “We need to get out of here,'” Adolfo Jr. recalls their father saying. “The streets are getting very dangerous.”
So the family moved back across the border to Tijuana, where Adolfo Jr. and their siblings were raised around the family taco cart business on the loud and colorful Boulevard Agua Caliente.
EXPAND Left: Emilia Huerta carves the fully cooked portions of al pastor from the trompo. Right: Margarita Hernandez assembles carne asada and al pastor tacos. Shelby Moore
Despite being surrounded by dozens of similar taco carts, the Torres' cart remained bustling. “We found out that it doesn't matter, even if there is a taco cart in front of you, next to you, or all around you. You build your clientele,” Adolfo Jr. explained. "It's the quality and the taste of the food, and, above all, the personality of the taqueria, that ultimately matters."
Adolfo Jr. and their siblings were U.S. citizens, so as high school approached, they decided that it was time to take advantage of their opportunity to earn their educations in the United States. In 2001, the family moved north again, this time to Arizona.
The family business did not come with them.
EXPAND Left: Laura Talamantes works fast to keep pace with the demand for tacos during a lunch rush. Right: Tacos Tijuana's tacos al pastor are topped with cilantro, onion, and avocado salsa. Shelby Moore
One of Adolfo Jr.'s brothers found a job doing pressure-washing, and the rest of the family followed suit. Soon they began planning a family cleaning business. "It's part of our Mexican culture,” Adolfo Jr. explains. “We try to stick together and help one another out. So that was our mentality.”
While working and studying in Phoenix, the family began looking for tacos like the ones they used to sell back home. But they struggled to find the same authenticity, quality, and freshness. “In the back of our minds, we remembered when we used to make tacos,” Adolfo Jr. recalls, "and we thought, wouldn't it be nice if we could do that again?”
Adolfo Jr. attended school for accounting, but, as they put it, “life happened,” and they didn't end up finishing their degree. It was still their professional goal to start a business of their own. “I've always loved business ... and tacos were always our family business. There weren't any carts like ours around, so I felt that if our dad would do it, then we should really think about getting something started.” Adolfo Sr. agreed, but only if their family agreed to take care of the business side of things.
One year in, Adolfo Jr. takes great pride not only in their father's recipes and the fresh tacos they serve, but also in the unique service they provide, from table delivery to the clearing of tables. “You don't have to stand up,” Adolfo Jr. says. “We'll do it for you.”
The style of service offered at Tacos Tijuana would be more commonly found in restaurants than at a food truck. "It comes from that Mexican idea of family, that any stranger is welcome in your home,” they explained of their hands-on style. “That's what I feel we do really differently at Tacos Tijuana.”
EXPAND Left: The King Churro cart parks next to Tacos Tijuana every weekend. Right: The King Churro sweets are traditional and simple, served hot by the bag for $5. Shelby Moore
With dusk approaching, I stood under a pink and purple sky as I waited in line at the King Churro cart, which parks next to Tacos Tijuana every weekend. Ahead of me is a man named Ruben Bustamante, a retiree originally from the Sonoran city of Obregon. They have driven all the way from their home in Litchfield Park, as they often do, to stand in line for the Tijuana-style tacos and then for a bag of fresh churros. They bring the sweet fried dough home to their grandson, who enjoys them with a glass of milk.
"It's worth the drive over," Bustamante says. “And it's a lot closer than Tijuana.”
Our Taco Summer picks so far:
50. Taqueria Don Beto
49. Kiss Pollos Estilo Sinaloa
On February 8, 1914, 102 years ago today, Bill Finger was born. The unsung hero of Batman's creation, Finger went almost completely unrecognized for their contributions to the character until well after their untimely death in 1974. In fact, their first official credit on a Batman comic wouldn't come until 2014's Detective Comics #27, and wouldn't receive recurring recognition until October 2015.
Advertisement
Finger, who has long been regarded as the creative force behind pretty much everything about Batman except the name, never received due credit thanks to Bob Kane's stipulations in their contract, but rather than rag on one guy lets celebrate Finger's contributions.
In addition to helping create Batman, Robin, the Joker (along with Jerry Robinson) and numerous other rogues and allies, Finger also had a hand in creating Alan Scott with Martin Nodell, the original Green Lantern, served as a writer on some of DC's flagship titles for years, and even wrote a two–part episode of the 1960s Batman television series.
So, join us here at Batman News as we celebrate the life and career of one of the greats: the man who took an idea, crafted it, and ultimately helped refine it into not just a single character but an entire world that maintains popularity and relevance to this day.
Happy Birthday, Bill the Boy Wonder.
A while back, I started getting this e-mail:
"Hey dude, long time no talk. Do you listen to WTF? The podcast? It's awesome. Talk to you later."
After months of stalling, I took the advice of my friends and started listening to this comedic interview show. I started listening and haven't stopped. It's fantastic.
And now, thanks to WBEZ, I can listen to interviews in my car, that were taped in a car.
Marc Maron is bringing their wildy popular WTF podcast to the WBEZ airwaves. Starting this Sunday (June 5th), the radio-friendly version of WTF with Marc Maron will start a 10-week run in the Sunday night, 8pm time slot.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
Maron is a stand-up comic who has worked for years in comedy clubs, on television and in theater.
In WTF, Maron takes that amazing performing experience and channels it into interviews with other comedians. What we get out of the podcast is unfiltered, uninhibited and unusual access to the minds of funny people. Why? Because comedians seem to like to talk to other comedians. Because Marc has spent so many years backstage with so many different performers, there is a sense of ease that comes through your speakers. It also gets rid of the useless sound bites and banter that comedians usually spit out during other talk shows and appearances.
For instance, if I interviewed Louis C.K., it wouldn't result in personal stories about their family and long pauses for tears.
Maron uses their personal experiences with the subjects to talk about what they know and how they figured it out. Together.
Marc was kind enough to record a quick video from their garage studio to talk directly to the Chicago audience. It's exciting to see where Maron tapes their show. Well, one place they tape their show. He's done live shows in theaters, from other people's apartments and from their car.
The radio show is produced by Jesse Thorn and Nick White, of The Sound Of Young America fame.
Sometimes, picking a play for this spot is difficult. Other times – like this week – it picks itself.
I wanted to talk about a couple plays in this space, mainly because I really liked the last two plays of this game and wanted to look at both of them together.
2nd and 1. Bucs in Cover 1 Man Under. Packers put Randall Cobb [18] in motion, going right to left. We've seen this look quite a bit this season. On this occasion, Brett Hundley [7] fakes the handoff to Cobb, then comes back to Jamaal Williams [30], going left-to-right, running under Cobb.
Ryan Russell [95] sees Williams sneaking out of the backfield and tries to hook them off the edge, but they can't quite get there. Good recognition by Russell, who stays with Hundley to keep them from scrambling.
Meanwhile, Kwon Alexander [58] is matched up man-to-man with Williams. To get underneath Cobb, Williams takes a few steps towards the line of scrimmage before heading to the flat. This movement upfield gets Alexander out of position. The movement upfield causes Alexander to take a step to their right before coming back to their left. That delay gives Williams all the separation they need. Easy pitch-and-catch. Williams is able to break Alexander's tackle attempt and pick up a few more yards before stepping out of bounds.
12 yard gain on 2nd and 1.
Since this isn't a full rollout for Hundley, they still have other options on the table. Richard Rodgers [82] runs an angle route off the left side, creating some nice separation by running at their defender then disengaging and releasing to the middle. If Williams isn't open, Rodgers is.
Same for Jordy Nelson [87] on the left. They sell the go route before giving a step to the outside and cutting inside to the post. With the middle of the defense sucked in by the play fake and watching the pre-snap path of Cobb, Nelson has a ton of room to work with.
And here we are. Overtime. 1st and 10 at the Bucs' 20-yard line.
The Packers are looking to run this to the right. The right side of the line is downblocking to seal the edge. Aaron Ripkowski [22] is the lead blocker. Ripkowski and the pulling Lane Taylor [65] are tasked with blocking out off the end of the line, opening a hole for Aaron Jones [33].
David Bakhtiari [69] is the lone man on the left, blocking out on Will Clarke [94] to cut off back side pursuit and to open a cutback lane. But Jones gets too deep into the line and Justin Evans [21] shoots the gap from the safety spot, so that cutback lane was never really there.
Jones gets close to the line, steps back and heads back to the left.
I mentioned Evans shooting the gap. After shooting that gap, they see a hole opening in the middle, so they hit that hard. Jones briefly looks there but escapes when Evans plugs it. With Evans gone from that side of the line, Jones is free. Clarke tries to come back off the end of the line, but they can't get there in time. Brent Grimes [24] is deep with Jordy Nelson [87] but Nelson holds the block well.
Evans got overaggressive in trying to plug the hole in the middle and it cost the Bucs the game. If Jones had hit that hole in the middle, it's unlikely they would have picked up much yardage. Chris Baker [90] is holding down the middle and is in a great position to bring down Jones at the line.
Lack of contain by the Bucs, combined with a good run by Jones and a good block by Nelson allowed the Packers to escape with a win. They don't always have to be pretty.
Album listened to: Frankie Rose – Cage Tropical
Germany's largest bank has reportedly agreed to pay more than $200 million in penalties to the New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) and the Federal Reserve, the US central bank.
The settlement could be announced as early as this week, the report said.
Deutsche Bank declined to comment on the matter.
The DFS, which has been aggressive in the sanctions cases and other large enforcement cases involving foreign banks, is also far along in discussions with Deutsche Bank on investigations into manipulating the foreign exchange market and facilitating money laundering in Russia, the person said.
The expected 200 million dollar fine against the Frankfurt-based bank comes in the wake of a much larger 8.9 billion dollar penalty against BNP Paribas and a 787 million dollar penalty on Credit Agricole for violating laws barring work for clients in
US-sanctioned countries like Iran, Syria, Sudan and Myanmar.
OT**1416
article
It's not just Republicans and Democrats bickering it out lately. According to a new study and divorce attorneys, couples are also feuding over politics — especially President Trump — with many of them breaking up and even heading to divorce court.
Continue Reading Below
New data from Wakefield Research, an Arlington, Virginia-based polling firm, one in 10 couples (married or unmarried) ended their relationships over political disagreements, with millennials parting ways at a particularly high rate of 22%.
“This study was conducted as part of Wakefield Research's ongoing exploration of the trends driving conversations today in the U.S. and worldwide. Our research team regularly fields studies that examine how relationships are impacted by current events, so it was natural for us to ask about today's political environment. We wanted to understand how, if at all, the current political environment was impacting romantic relationships,” Lisa Johnson Kiefer, managing director of Wakefield Research, tells FOX Business.
The survey, which was conducted nationwide with 1,000 participants from April 12 to April 18, also found that 22% of Americans know a couple whose marriage or relationship “has been negatively impacted specifically due to President Trump's election.”
In fact, Wakefield says that 24% of Americans in a relationship or married report that since Trump was elected, “they and their partner have disagreed or argued about politics more than ever.”
New York-based divorce attorney Lois Brenner agrees with the study, saying she's never seen so many couples fight over politics in their entire career.
Advertisement
"In my 35 years of matrimonial practice, I have never seen so many couples split over a political disagreement as with the Trump election. The essence is: you must agree with me. Since I specialize in the psychology of divorce, this essence has its roots in narcissism, antisocial personality disorder and even obsessive compulsive disorder. I am frequently mediating these disputes between couples to help them draft a postnuptial or separation agreement,” Brenner tells FOX Business.
Wakefield says that while finances are a common dispute for couples, over the last six months, more than one in five Americans in a relationship or marriage report having more disagreements over Trump's policies than money woes.
Hundreds of thousands of Catalonians joined hands to form a human chain 250 miles (400km) long, running from the border with neighbouring France to the region of Valencia in a call for Madrid to recognise Catalan independence.
Wednesday, was la Diada, or Catalan National Day, when the region commemorates the defeat of its troops in the Spanish war of succession in 1714. And at 5.14pm the human chain – or Via Catalana – linked arms.
"I'm joining the Via Catalana because I think we should be consulted on our future. I think the rise of the independence movement comes from the people while the politicians prefer stagnation to change," said Maria Solé Bundó, who works on the family farm in Baix Penedès.
Núria Ruiz Soto, a hospital worker from Tarragona, said: "I've joined the Via because I think it's a good way of drawing attention to our desire to be an independent state and if they're not willing to listen to us, at least they can see us."
Independence has been a long-running battle between Catalonia and Madrid, but as the recession continues to hit the country harder, demands for a referendum on secession have grown, and the National Assembly of Catalonia called on its supporters to take to the streets to show their strength. Polls suggest as many as 50% of Catalans want independence, and up to 81% support the right to hold a referendum.
The view from Madrid, where prime minister Mariano Rajoy is that any independence referendum would be illegal.
Catalan president Artur Mas has said they would use elections scheduled for 2016 as an effective referendum on independence The National Assembly of Catalonia argues they should not have to wait that long, calling for a referendum in 2014.
WASHINGTON, June 7 (Reuters) - Former FBI Director James Comey, in a written statement posted on the web on Wednesday, said President Donald Trump asked them to back off from a probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn and told Comey, "I need loyalty. I expect loyalty."
Comey, who will testify in person to the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday, will use their opening statement to recount a dinner they had with Trump on Jan. 27, a week after the president took office, according to a copy of the statement posted on the Senate panel's website.
Comey said that during the dinner Trump asked them if they wanted to stay on as Federal Bureau of Investigation director. Comey said they became concerned that Trump was trying to create "some sort of patronage relationship."
In the statement Comey added: "That concerned me greatly, given the FBI´s traditionally independent status in the executive branch." (Reporting by Caren Bohan and Chris Sanders; Editing by James Dalgleish)
In an attempt to cut down on fraud, China's central bank has announced plans to begin regulating payments by QR codes, barcodes, and other scannable codes. The regulations will initially cap payments by traditional QR codes to 500 yuan, or about $76 USD. When additional security measures are applied, the cap can raise to 5,000 yuan, or around $765 USD. At an even higher security level, banks and payment processors are given discretion over the cap.
The industry is being made to develop better security
Beyond that, The People's Bank of China isn't putting many hard rules in place. But it is mandating that banks and payment processors begin to self-regulate, and the central bank has provided quite a few guidelines on what they should do. It's asked an industry group to gather members and experts to study how businesses use QR codes and what steps can be taken to improve their security. The central bank seems particularly concerned with static codes — ones that sit around and never change — which can be tampered with to link to malicious sources. By one report, $13 million has been stolen in QR code scams in the country's most populated province.
The central bank wants to see QR payments adopt tokenization, expiration dates, and anti-counterfeit measures. It also suggests the use of encryption, frequent updates, risk monitoring, and security software. It's not entirely clear how all of this will come into play — the People's Bank largely seems to have thrown a bunch of ideas out there and asked the industry to figure out how to put them into place.
Only the payment caps are going into effect for now, starting next year on April 1st. The Financial Times reports that both Alipay and Tencent, two major mobile payments companies, are supportive of the new regulations.
By Don McIntosh
A long-festering union dispute at KGW-TV has come to a close. At the Portland NBC affiliate, 26 camera operators and editors represented by IATSE Local 600 ratified a new union contract March 22 — more than two years after their old contract expired. They're the last of three KGW units to reach agreement. IBEW Local 48, which represents 17 control room operators and technicians, settled in September 2016, and SAG-AFTRA, which represents on-air workers like TV reporters and anchors, settled in February 2016.
The three contracts are the first set to be signed with KGW's new owner. Gannett, the giant newspaper chain that owns USA Today, acquired KGW-TV with its 2013 purchase of Belo Corporation, and then spun off its broadcasting holdings in 2015 as a new publicly-traded company, Tegna, Inc.
Tegna alarmed unions with an unusual contract demand: eliminate the union “jurisdiction” clause, which says that the unions represent all station employees who do their kind of work. Without that clause, nonunion workers could be brought in to do the same work as union members, but under different terms. Tegna owns 46 television stations in total, and has pushed the jurisdiction proposal at other union-represented stations.
“I never believed their [union jurisdiction] proposal had anything to do with running a TV station,” says IATSE representative Dave Twedell. “I think from the beginning it was about busting the union.”
Tegna negotiators said the proposal was about giving the station the right to use amateur video shot by members of the public.
SAG-AFTRA agreed to Tegna's non-exclusive jurisdiction proposal; so did IBEW 48 — but only if all three unions agreed to it. IATSE held out.
In the end, with the help of federal mediator Julie Kettler, IATSE and Tegna reached agreement March 16 after Tegna dropped the jurisdiction demand. In turn, IATSE Local 600 agreed that the station could broadcast amateur video from members of the public, as long as it maintains its current staffing level of 17 camera operators.
IATSE's new contract runs through April 1, 2020, and provides for three 2 percent across-the-board annual raises plus a $1,250 signing bonus equivalent to a 1 percent retroactive raise for the two years that workers were without a union contract. Camera operators' current wage is $30.61 an hour, while editors make $26.86.
In the new IBEW contract, members — who had gone without raises in recent contracts — got $1,000 signing bonuses and immediate wage increases of $1.80 to $2.50 an hour, to be followed by 2 percent increases each Aug. 29. The wage scales now top out at $30.57 to $35.20 an hour, depending on specialty.
Union TV in Portland
Of five full-power broadcast television stations in Portland, three have at least some union-represented employees:
KATU (ABC) — IATSE 600
KOIN (CBS) — NABET-CWA Local 51
KGW (NBC) — SAG-AFTRA, IATSE Local 600, IBEW Local 48.
We've seen lots and lots of 3D printers over the last few years, and they almost all have one thing in common: the objects they print are hard* and mostly rigid.
(* well, except for this printer that prints edible objects out of mulched bananas…)
What if you wanted to print something soft instead? Something you can hug, or snuggle with, or hand to your kid without fear of them jabbing it in their eye?
Disney is on it.
Built by Disney's research lab along with researchers from Cornell and CMU, this 3D printer isn't like most printers we've come to know. It's neither extruding melted material (like a Makerbot) or blasting a tub of goo with UV light to precisely solidify it (like a Form1). In fact, it's as much a laser cutter as it is a 3D printer.
The machine builds the object up layer by cutting shapes out of a sheet of adhesive felt, cramming/heating each layer together as it goes. You know those 3D puzzles where you stack a bunch of sheets to eventually build a weird, blocky version of Abe Lincoln's head? It's like that, but created on the fly.
When it's done, you get what looks like one big block — but once you tear away the extra felt bits (left in place to support the shape as it's printed), you're left with your bunny/bird/mostly useless wrench/whatever.
Is it going to change the 3D printing world? Nah. The resolution of the print isn't stellar and the adhesive layers don't look durable enough for your kids to toss around. Unlike Makerbot and the rest, you probably won't see something like this built for home use any time soon.
But that's not the point — instead, like much of what Disney builds in its incredible research labs, it's mostly meant for their own uses. Think fast, easy stuffed toy prototypes.
This is hardly the first time Disney's research lab has tinkered with 3D printing concepts. Check out this printer that can print seemingly impossible spinning tops, for example.
Comedy Toknight: A Galavant Recommendation
I don't understand why more people don't watch Galavant .
I mean, I guess I do. Folks hear “musical” and they have already made up their mind about what kind of entertainment it is. They hear “musical television” and they get uncomfortable flashbacks of Glee and the Buffy special. They hear “musical television set in a medieval/fantasy setting” and maybe they perk back up again, until you call it a “silly, self aware mutligenre satire” and they realize it's not Game of Thrones set to music.
They are missing out because Galavant is a delight. A laugh out loud, eminently rewatchable, well-constructed and excellently-cast experience. It's also eight to ten episodes a season (thirty minutes an episode, two seasons so far), so it is quick and easy to consume.
Galavant tells the story of the titular knight (Joshua Sasse) and their companions. The plot isn't all that important, as it is just there to set up the tropes Galavant eventually knocks down, but the set up is: Galavant's lady love Madalena (Mallory Jansen) is forced into marriage by King Richard (Timothy Omundsmon). Galavant wallows until Princess Isabella (Karen David) convinces them along with their squire, Sid (Luke Youngblood) to try and rescue Madalena from Richard's clutches, and reclaim the throne Richard has taken from Isabella's parents.
Pretty much everyone will find Galavant funny, if they can get past the fact that it's musical theater. The jokes are saturated into every layer of Galavant, which is why it has high rewatch value. Even the episode titles are great, including some A+ puns: “Joust Friends,” “About Last Knight,” and “Aw, Hell, The King.” My personal favorite is the season two opener: “A New Season aka Suck It Cancellation Bear.”
I would hazard that Galavant prioritizes comedic ability over singing talent, but that's just fine for the brand it has cultivated. It's not as if they don't take the musical theater aspect seriously–the score is by the famed broadway duo Glenn Slater and Alan Menken. It's moreso that they don't take themselves too seriously. After the final epic notes of “A Hero's Journey” near the start of season one, Galavant begins to wheeze. “Oh, holy s***, I'm out of shape. My tummy hurts. That was a long song.”
Although the entire main cast is wonderful, Omundsmon's King Richard seems to be the fan favorite. With lines like: “sure I'll kidnap a woman and force them to marry me. But after that, I'm all about a woman's rights. I'm a modern 13th century man,” it isn't hard to see why.
“I think we've got something really good going on here,” Galavant, the dashing white male lead, says to their companions in the fourth episode of season one. “We're gorgeous, very diverse.” “We are diverse,” Isabella replies (Karen David is of Asian descent). “Super diverse” says Sid, the Black Jewish squire. This is an example of the kind of breaking-the-fourth-wall brand of humor that is a constant presence in Galavant. Unfortunately, I would say it's not strictly true–while it's marvelous those two characters are of color, (especially the romantic female lead) the representation train stops there. All other main characters are white, and skew male. The queer presence is next to nil, except in mild punchline form in season two. If (and this is an unfortunately large if) Galavant gets a third season, I would like to see the show take steps to diversify their characters and cast.
Sometimes celebrity guest stars can be aggravating; not so with Galavant. These include John Stamos, Weird Al Yankovic, Ricky Gervais, and Kylie Minogue. This is another instance where the musical theater format is a huge boon for the show. These celebs can deliver single serving songs and scenes and then be on their merry way, and no one has to wonder why or where they went; it's just a normal part of the genre.
Galavant might not get another shot at being on television, and while that would be a shame, at least they took the time to tie up their main storyline at the end of the second season. If all of Galavant ends up being eighteen stellar episodes, that's still a net positive for television entertainment.
If you'd rather read this recommendation in the style of Galavant's theme, here you go:
This year on ABC,
A show was filled with glee
But no, it wasn't Glee, it's Galavant!
This one has singing too
Guest stars out the wazoo
It also starts with G, it's Galavant!
Please! if you've a mind you have to try it
Self-aware and a laugh riot
Phew! I hope it gets renewed!
And not just on hulu!
Because it's truly Gaaaaa-laaaaa-vaaaant!
Author: K-K Bracken K-K Bracken grew up overseas and in the Washington, DC area, went to the Ohio State University to get their BA in English, and has been in Columbus, Ohio ever since.  They are currently querying their first novel ORCHESTRATION under the name Bracken Beveridge.  They are the founder and organizer for the first Steven Universe exclusive fan convention, Beach City Con. Twitter
Read our before commenting.
Please do not copy our content in whole to other websites. Linkbacks are encouraged.
Like this: Like Loading...
This undated rendering provided by Caesars Entertainment depicts a 1,050-foot-long zip-line that the casino operator will build above its outdoor promenade that's anchored by the Linq hotel-casino in Las Vegas. Set to open in 2018, the attraction will join the city's entertainment repertoire geared toward millennials. (Contour Entertainment, Inc./Caesars Entertainment via AP)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Casinos in Las Vegas are upping the ante in their pursuit of coveted millennial visitors with new attractions designed to wow them, provide them Instagram-worthy moments and maybe even get them to gamble a little.
In 2018, a zip line across the street from Caesars Palace and an e-sports arena at the Luxor will join the city's entertainment repertoire geared toward those generally up to age 34. They are becoming majority spenders in today's economy but aren't necessarily interested in traditional casino gambling, such as blackjack and craps.
Fresh out of bankruptcy, Caesars Entertainment plans to build a 1,050-foot-long zip line above its outdoor promenade anchored by the Linq hotel-casino and the world's tallest observation wheel. The attraction — the third of its kind in Sin City, but first on the Las Vegas Strip — will feature 10 lines that will allow thrill seekers to ride seated or Superman-style.
“It's an efficient use of space, but it's exciting,” Linq Promenade general manager Shaun Swanger said. “Our core audience is millennials. During the day, you see a lot broader range and a lot more families, but as the sun goes down, it gets a little bit younger, and as midnight approaches, it's one big party.”
The ride will begin at the top of a 114-foot-tall launch tower that Caesars will build at the west end of the promenade. Photos and video of the rides, bound for social media, will be available.
Las Vegas casinos have invested in numerous non-gambling amenities to attract the elusive millennials, from rooms with bunk beds for cost-conscious young travelers to a Wi-Fi-equipped co-working space and a lounge that features pool and air hockey tables.
They also have embraced the outdoors by building a park and public promenades, counter to their long-held strategy of trying to keep people inside casinos, losing track of time as they buy more chips.
It has become increasingly common to bring zip lines — traditionally an outdoor adventure activity — into urban settings, said Andrew Lepp, an associate professor in the recreation, park and tourism management program at Kent State University. In Las Vegas, however, the thrill may last beyond the seconds-long ride.
“You get that adrenaline rush, and then you might be more likely to hit the blackjack table,” they said. “Both are forms of calculated risk taking.”
Casino operators for years have been luring young visitors with nightclubs and day clubs that regularly feature world-class DJs, some of whom have long-term contracts once reserved for stars the likes of Celine Dion.
These days, interest in the outdoors is such that Wynn Resorts Ltd. plans to begin the transformation next year of its 18-hole, par-70 golf course into a development that will feature a 38-acre lagoon.
Elsewhere on the Strip, MGM Resorts International is transforming a former nightclub into an arena for competitive gaming. The facility at the Luxor is expected to have a competition stage, LED video wall, daily gaming stations and a streaming and television-quality production studio.
MGM created a committee several years ago dedicated to reimagining the gambling experience with millennials in mind. What will become the second e-sports arena in the gambling oasis can hold 1,000 people at a time. It will have areas for people 21 and older and other spots for a crowd 16 and up.
And for young visitors who want to spend time on the casino floor but find the average slot machine unappealing, operators have adopted skill-based machines. Unlike traditional slots that depend solely on luck, a player's skill can influence whether they or they win on the new-age machines.
MGM Grand patrons can try a version of the popular Frogger arcade game, while Caesars property Planet Hollywood unveiled new games on its casino floor last month, including versions of the smartphone games “Catapult King” and “Into the Dead.”
The machines hit U.S. casinos for the first time a year ago in New Jersey, but casinos are still tweaking how to market them.
What's new in EmberJS June 18 18 Jun 2012
A couple of breaking changes this week, if you've been following master, there are a couple of quick tweaks that need to be made.
Weekly Wrapup #7
Breaking Changes
d8383b creates an Ember.Route subclass of Ember.State , if you're using the new router, make sure you change over as there are currently no warnings.
be6939 changes the arguments expected by connectOutlet . Check out the commit comment for details, but the basic change is that connectOutlet now takes a single string to define the View and Controller, removing the magic. If you need to customize further it can also take a hash of name, outletName, viewClass, controller and context.
The {{action}} helper got some big changes. It now calls stopPropagation and preventDefault automatically.
Improvements
2d26a36 adds naïve route sorting. This fixes a situation where a :post_id would always take precedence over a new segment. Now it sorts based on substrings, segment length and dynamicism.
Ember.Evented now has one method to add a one-time eventListener.
Ember.Evented uses trigger instead of fire to keep in line with jQuery.
If I missed anything please let me know in the comments or on Twitter.
SAN ANTONIO - The San Antonio Zoo is one step closer to serving beer and wine during regular business hours. The San Antonio City Council gave its blessing on Thursday. The zoo needed the waiver because it is within 300 feet of The University of the Incarnate Word, Incarnate Word High school and a Kip Academy.
"Our guests were asking for it and all of our competitors have it," said Tim Morrow the zoo's CEO and executive director.
Before the City Council approval the zoo could only sell alcohol at catered events.
The zoo is not looking at this move as a money-making adventure. It is just hoping to give guests some choices. "We just want to have the options for those guests that want to do that if they choose so," Morrow said.
The beer and wine will be sold at the Beastro Restaurant and Longnecks Bar and Grill.
Guests will be able to carry their drinks through the park. There will be measures in place, such as distinctive cups, to make sure only guest who should have an alcoholic drink will be able to consume them on zoo grounds
"We would know it's an alcoholic beverage inside that cup so we would know it someone should have one or someone shouldn't have one," Morrow said.
The move didn't seem to concern visitors.
"(If) you drink responsibly you should have the opportunity to just enjoy walking around the serene nature, (with) just a little bit of wine maybe a beer," said James Flowers, a zoo visitor.
The zoo hopes to start selling beer and wine sometime next summer after it gets the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission's approval.
Copyright 2015 by KSAT - All rights reserved.
The "President cannot obstruct justice because they are the chief law enforcement officer under [the Constitution's Article II] and has every right to express their view of any case," Dowd told Axios' Mike Allen on Monday
For most people, Dowd's pronouncement echoed President Richard Nixon's infamous assertion to British interviewer David Frost that "when the President does it, that means that it is not illegal."
For me, it sounded a lot like Sly Stallone's pronouncement in "Judge Dredd": "I am the law!
The mid-90s movie , based on a British comic book character, goes something like this: In a futuristic dystopian society, the police and the judicial system are fused. These "judges" function as judge, jury and executioner. The system works great until -- wait for it -- the absolute power that the judges possess comes back to bite them. (Admit it: You NEVER saw that coming!)
The lesson from "Judge Dredd" -- other than you always have to watch out for a crazy brother named Rico produced in a wild genetic experiment gone wrong -- is that putting anyone above the law is a massive mistake. You can't both credibly enforce the law and believe yourself to be above it.
Which brings me to Dowd's argument. They may well have a legal argument to make. (Much to my mother's chagrin, I never went to law school and am not a lawyer.) Legal scholars have debated Nixon's it's-not-illegal-if-the-President-does-it pronouncement for decades -- and will continue to do so.
But, whether or not Nixon could have committed an illegal act as President was totally besides the point in terms of the politics of their situation. Watergate -- and their complicity in it -- made it impossible for Nixon to remain President. They resigned, but had they not, they would have surely been impeached by Congress.
Nixon's arc is totally relevant to Dowd's assertion that Trump can't legally obstruct justice because, in the words of Judge Joseph Dredd, "I am the law."
What Dowd is doing in this quote to Mike Allen is obvious:  They are laying the groundwork for the possibility that special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation finds that Trump obstructed justice in their firing of FBI Diretcor James Comey amid the ongoing investigation into Russia's attempted interference in the 2016 election.
Which, OK, I guess, legally speaking could be debated -- although I imagine the fight over whether the president can obstruct justice would be a very lively one.
But, politically speaking, Dowd's point is moot. And, the way that a President gets removed -- impeachment -- is a political process, not a legal one.
There is simply no way that if Mueller concluded that Trump had obstructed justice that congressional Republicans could hang the future of their party on the legal argument Dowd is previewing with Allen.
Can you imagine a Republican senator, in the wake of an obstruction conclusion from Mueller, telling a reporter: "Well, I don't, technically speaking, believe the President can obstruct justice"?
It is the political loser of all political losers. It's the sort of thing that could destroy a party. And, it will never, ever be done.
None of the above is to say Mueller is going to find that Trump obstructed justice. We have very little insight into Mueller's investigation or where it might lead beyond the fact that four members of Trump's 2016 campaign team have been charged with a variety of crimes via the special counsel's team. (Two -- Michael Flynn and George Papadopoulos -- pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their interactions with the Russians.)
Jezza was on a roll. They swooped into fill Labour's slot in tonight's BBC election debate. It was a last minute decision fuelled by the cowardice of Theresa May who called a national vote and then decided they did not like the look of the voters – or their questions.
Corbyn went into this seven-way debate with confidence restored after a turbulent 24 hour period in which they had been judged a qualified success in a televised face-off with Jeremy Paxman, flunked an interview on Woman's Hour and then sailed through half an hour of joshing and familial reflections on The One Show.
Tonight the Labour leader spotted an opportunity created by May's absence and reached out to seize it. By most accounts they just about did so, with a series of blows aimed at Tory levels of poverty, dependence on food banks and cuts to support for the working poor.
Their panicky rival for Downing Street was nowhere to be seen, presumably relaxing at home in their leather trousers. Corbyn, however, was fired up. They had dropped the “Monsieur Zen” who got them through Monday night's Sky News/Channel Four debate and reverted to the impassioned crusader against cuts who soared to the top of the Labour Party.
“Have you been to a food bank?”, they challenged Amber Rudd, who was sent along to explain May's night off.
“Have you seen people sleeping around our stations? Have you seen the levels of poverty that exist because of your government's conscious decisions on benefits?”
It was not only about austerity, however. Questions over terrorism, national security and the bombing of Libya loomed large. Rudd, promoted to home secretary by their mentor May, targeted Corbyn in this section but their strategy failed to come off.
The cabinet minister faced most criticism from Corbyn, the Greens' Caroline Lucas and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood but delivered a very Mayist pitch of being tough and boring while having to defend police cuts which were brought in by their boss.
Corbyn was as clear in their condemnation of the “unbelievably abominable” Manchester attack as they were in their praise for the “absolutely magnificent” response of the city's people in coming together across different faiths and races.
Paul Nuttall, the UKIP leader, shouted over them but in their angry finger-jabbing reaction they merely looked like an angry man at the end of a long night in a boozer.
Corbyn was calm, as they have been through this week's television tests, and will have surprised those who suspected they would collapse again as they did in the manner of the Woman's Hour debacle. The steady criticism of Labour's approach to protecting the nation over the last few days has, however, given a taste of what comes up on the doorstep.
They finished on a strong note when the panel was asked to define the meaning of leadership. Their answer – that it meant being prepared to learn, rejecting the “spiv economy” and refusing to “walk by on the other side” – was compelling although it prompted the question about how this humility would go down with a public used to the swagger of David Cameron and the merciless monotone of May.
Rudd rounded their evening off with a good line to viewers that they had “seen the coalition of chaos in action”. It worked well but Corbyn, once again, will be able to sleep easily tonight. The reality of a seven-way debate means it is easier to pick losers – like Nuttall – than winners but the Labour leader spoke with a sincerity that served them well.
This small app gives you a new, convenient search command called "timewrap" that does it all, for arbitrary time periods. Compare week-over-week, day-over-day, month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, or any multiple (e.g. two-week periods over two-week periods).
Just add "| timewrap w" after a 'timechart' command, and compare week-over-week. Or use 'h' (hour), 'w' (week), 'm' (month), 'q' (quarter), 'y' (year).
Beginning in version 6.5.0, the Timewrap command in this app is included in the Splunk search processing language: http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/latest/SearchReference/Timewrap
"THIS IS AWESOME!"
"Now I don't need to twist my brain to get the week vs week graphs right."
"Cool thanks. Playing with timewrap now! Cool tool, especially for noobs"
David Carasso, Splunk's Chief Mind, wrote this and many other apps, as well as the book Exploring Splunk. We still miss them http://blogs.splunk.com/2015/01/30/remembering-david/.
FAQ
Q: I'm searching last week, how come my weekly results seem to start on Monday?
A: This is not an error. Timewap relies on the timeframe of the search. You are searching for a 7 day window FROM sunday. That's mon,tues,wed,thurs,fri,sat,sun. If you want to start on Sunday, end your search on Saturday @w-1.
Q: I searched for day over day for a week, but I get 8 lines charted. Why not 7?
A: If you are searching last seven 24 hour periods, which will occur on 8 days, unless you start at midnight. If snap to the start of a day, this will go away.
Q: How can I compare Wednesdays to Wednesdays?
A: Do your search as usual, and filter at the end (filtering up-front will confuse timechart):
.... | timechart count span=1h | timewrap w | where strftime(_time, "%A") == "Wednesday"
Q: How can I change the names of the series?
A: There is now a new "series" option to determine the naming convention of the series names:
"relative" gives values like "latest_week", "1week_ago", "2weeks_ago", etc.;
"short" gives short span names like "s0", "s1", "s2", etc., which are useful if you need to modify the values with further search commands;
"exact" gives convenient values like "week_of_dec01", "week_of_nov24", etc.
"relative" is the default "series" value.
Q: How can I compare today to yesterday to the avg for the week?
Glad you asked. Search for the last 7 days and run this:
* | timechart count span=1h | timewrap d series=short | addtotals s* | eval 7dayavg=Total/7.0 | table _time, _span, s0, s1, 7dayavg | rename s0 as now, s1 as yesterday
Basically, we're using timewrap over the last 7 days, and then using addtotals and eval to calculate the average over those 7 days. We then rename fields and cut out days 3-7, because we only wanted today, yesterday, and the weekly average.
Q: What is this 'drilldown' command you threw in for nothing?
Currently in Splunk you cannot drill down into "other" values from a "top" command. For example, if you searched for "* | top 10 host useother=t", clicking on the "other" value will try to search for "host=other"(!), which is wrong.
I added a little search command that adds a _drilldown field that does the right thing -- it will search for "host=* NOT host=VAL1 NOT host=VAL2 ... NOT host=VAL3". It works with 'top' output.
In your simplexml, you'd then say drilldown on
$row._drilldown$
This will drill down on the _drilldown field value.
As of February's passage of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the US is now committed to spending almost $800 billion to stimulate our stalled economy over the next few years. Apart from job creation, one of the goals of the stimulus package (as it's commonly called) is to boost long-term American competitiveness by rebuilding the now-depleted fund of basic research capital that the Cold War era produced, the dot-com era spent, and the post-9/11 security state finished off.
If I were the Obama administration, and I were really serious about putting those billions into the hands of a crowd that has a spectacular record of turning public money directly into transformative public goods, I'd go straight to the area in and around Palo Alto, CA, home of legendary labs like Xerox PARC and ground zero of the still-mushrooming information explosion. And to narrow the geography even further, I'd make my way to the campus of Stanford University, and ask the school's president, computer architecture pioneer John Hennessy, how to spend the stimulus money.
So, when I recently got the chance to interview Hennessy at a conference on technology and public policy, that's exactly what I did.
And while I had a minute with one of the fathers of the RISC movement and the co-author of the main textbook in the computer architecture field—the Gray's Anatomy of computing—I also asked them about the multicore revolution, and about the on-going evolution of computer architecture.
Stimulating innovation
JS: If you were in charge of spending $800 billion dollars worth of stimulus money to get the country back on track, how would you split that money up?
JH: There are what I would call several pots [that you can put the money in]. First of all, there's core research, and what we should be doing is laying down a ramp of research funding that will take us [from where we are now up] to a level of where we might be on base-level funding on NIH and NSF, say, two years out. So what we want to do is say, "we believe the budget can support this funding level, which is higher than were we are today, at NIH and NSF, so let's construct a ramp between here and there."
Pump some money into DARPA to try to get it back on the track of long-term research, as opposed to these shorter-term, metric-driven, six-month/one-year check-ins—wrong idea. Fund big strategic areas, and fund multiple teams at multiple universities. That's what you do on the research-funding side.
And obviously, there's a set of key problems you can think about. There are computing problems, the energy issue, in the biological sciences there a number of opportunities. We haven't funded stem cell research at the level we should. Neuroscience has big new opportunities; I think this next 50 years is going to be the neuroscience equivalent of the understanding of DNA—the 50 years that went from DNA to the sequencing of the human genome; the same thing will happen in the neurosciences. We understand how neurons fire, but we don't understand how the brain works. There's a big gap in-between. Close that gap, and that will lead to much more robust treatments for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and diseases that right now we treat in a sort of hit-or-miss, empirical fashion. So I think there are lots of good things to do on the research side.
Secondly, you take a pot of money and say that we've got an ailing, out-of-date infrastructure, both in terms of instrumentation and equipment in the labs, as well as some of our research buildings. Let's go invest in that, and that creates lots of jobs.
Increasingly, in the physical sciences and the biological sciences, instrumentation is the make-or-break piece of it. You've got smart people, and you've got instrumentation, and you have to bring those together. So I think we need to really invest there. The cost of setting up somebody who's working in basic materials area, for example, has gone up to $1 million per investigator, $2 million for a more senior person, and $10 million for a shared facility of some sort. So we need to be thinking about numbers like that when we invest in facilities and infrastructure.
Then, I think you have to deploy a bunch of this money to do a bunch of things that we're simply behind on. Fixing the broadband infrastructure in this country. Fixing our piggish use of energy in lots of places—going back and really inspiring people to do energy efficiency, and supplying the up-front capital so that they get there. I think there are a number of things like that—roads, and the transportation infrastructure, as well. You want to be doing things like that because that will help put us in a better economic situation so that the rest of our economy can run better.
Intellectual property reform
JS: One thing I'm surprised that you didn't touch on is intellectual property reform. Do you see a role for IP reform?
JH: Yeah, I do. My good friend Rick Levin, the president at Yale, participated in this study that was done by the national academies on intellectual property reform—trying to streamline the process and make it cleaner. I support what's being done there and I've argued in favor of it. It does place some additional burdens on universities to be more prompt about recording, because one of the key issues is switching to first-to-file instead of first-to-discover, but I think the reality is that that's where we have to go to, and the universities shouldn't block something that is so obviously good for the rest of the economy and the high-tech sector. So that's my feeling about that, and we ought to just get our act together.
I'm less concerned about protecting intellectual property than I am in ensuring that the country reaps the rewards of that benefit.
If intellectual property protection is important to the universities... I don't think that it's the most important thing, by the way. The most important thing that universities do is fuel the rest of the economy by the creation of intellectual property—sometimes it's patented, sometimes it's not, but the country benefits in the end. Even private institutions are quasi-public in terms of their funding, so I'm less concerned about protecting intellectual property than I am in ensuring that the country reaps the rewards of that benefit.
But I think that the concept of a challenge period for a new patent, where external people can submit claims or requests to investigate before the new patent is nailed down—I think that is absolutely required. If you visit the patent office and talk the patent officers, you realize that these guys are just overwhelmed. Typical processing time is down to less than 24 hours, meaning 24 hours of one person's time, or about three days. They simply don't have the time to keep up on all the literature. Despite recommendations in the past that they create a sabbatical program or a continuing education program, it hasn't really been done at the level it needs to be done. So the result is that the patent officers look primarily at the contents of the patent.
Sure, they can do a patent database search or a literature search, but if they're not an expert in the field then it's almost impossible to search the literature in the field and read it and figure out whether or not this invention is a trivial extension of something that has already existed.
So I think we need this [challenge period], and we need it also from a global perspective, because technology is now globally created and distributed, and we need to deal with it that way.
Thin privilege is being able to stand up for a small, powerless person that you care for very much.
A few days ago, the father of two little boys I occasionally babysit pulled me aside before leaving for work in the morning, and told me that their younger son (6) had recently had a pediatrician's appointment, and was in the 98th percentile for BMI. Their father said “He just wants to eat carbs all day; please try to get them to eat protein instead, and absolutely no sweets or treats or anything like that."
What I wanted to say was, "I have no intention of helping you put your kindergartner on the fucking Atkins diet, thereby screwing up their metabolism, relationship with food, ability to eat intuitively, self-image, and self-esteem.” What I actually said was, “Oh, well, you guys always have lots of healthy food in the house [true, since these parents are both affluent and health-conscious], I'm sure we'll be able to put some nutritious meals together.”
I spent a good chunk of the day worrying about this situation, and thinking of tactful ways to address it more directly with the boy's parents … wondering if I could get them copies of work by people like Ellyn Satter or Linda Bacon, and politely suggest that they take a look and consider some alternative ways to handle this. But I didn't dare. I've known these parents for several years and am on very good terms with them, and I'm a good communicator and am confident that I could give them the information in a way that didn't come off as insulting or over-the-line, but I still didn't dare. Because, although they're nice people, and, for the most part, excellent parents, they are also both thin, athletic, and conventionally attractive. I knew that if I brought this subject up with them, they'd be thinking, “Why would we take advice on this issue from someone who looks like you?” or “If the possible end result of following this plan is that our kid has a body like yours, we want no part of it.” They would never say it that directly (like I said, they're very nice people) but I would know they were thinking it, I'd see it in their faces like I've seen it in the faces of some of the other people with whom I've discussed HAES/intuitive eating.
Thin privilege knows that if you choose to offer people information or advice, they will judge it based on its merits and the way it was presented (perhaps also considering their relationship with you and/or your knowledge of the subject in question), not dismiss it because of your body type.
Little more than a week after the official announcement of Samsung's Galaxy S7 flagship, there's now a company offering to bling it out for you with a selection of luxury finishes.
Truly Exquisite is offering the S7 and S7 Edge in 24k Gold plating, 18k Rose Gold, or Platinum.
Obviously, none of these are a particularly cheap option if you're considering a Galaxy S7, but they're also not as expensive as you might expect.
In fact, the 24K Gold-plated regular S7 version costs from around $2,250 (around £1,600 plus taxes, where applicable) rising to $2,600 (£1,850) and $2,675 (£1,900) respectively for the 18K Rose Gold and Platinum S7 Edge models.
With the standard S7 starting from £569 and the Edge model from £639, the prices for those luxury finishes don't seem utterly outlandish.
I think I'd still have the regular version though.
➤ Truly Exquisite [via Stuff]
NASA has discovered a new life form, a bacterium called GFAJ-1 that is unlike anything currently living in planet Earth. It's capable of using arsenic to build its DNA, RNA, proteins, and cell membranes. This changes everything. Updated.
NASA is saying that this is "life as we do not know it". The reason is that all life on Earth is made of six components: Carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, phosphorus and sulfur. Every being, from the smallest amoeba to the largest whale, shares the same life stream. Our DNA blocks are all the same.
Advertisement
That was true until today. In a surprising revelation, NASA scientist Felisa Wolfe-Simon and their team have found a bacterium whose DNA is completely alien to what we know today, working differently than the rest of the organisms in the planet. Instead of using phosphorus, the newly discovered microorganism—called GFAJ-1 and found in Mono Lake, California—uses the poisonous arsenic for its building blocks. Arsenic is an element poisonous to every other living creature in the planet except for a few specialized microscopic creatures.
The new life forms up close, at five micrometers.
According to Wolfe-Simon, they knew that "some microbes can breathe arsenic, but what we've found is a microbe doing something new—building parts of itself out of arsenic." The implications of this discovery are enormous to our understanding of life itself and the possibility of finding organisms in other planets that don't have to be like planet Earth. Like NASA's Ed Weiler says: "The definition of life has just expanded."
Here's the organism and a computer simulation on how it substitutes phosphorus for arsenic in its DNA
Advertisement
Talking at the NASA conference, Wolfe-Simon said that the important thing in their study is that this breaks our ideas on how life can be created and grow, pointing out that scientists will now be looking for new types of organisms and metabolism that not only uses arsenic, but other elements as well. They say that she's working on a few possibilities herself.
NASA's geobiologist Pamela Conrad thinks that the discovery is huge and "phenomenal," comparing it to the Star Trek episode in which the Enterprise crew finds Horta, a silicon-based alien life form that can't be detected with tricorders because it wasn't carbon-based. It's like saying that we may be looking for new life in the wrong places with the wrong methods. Indeed, NASA tweeted that this discovery "will change how we search for life elsewhere in the Universe."
Advertisement
Mono Lake, in Central California. Image Credit: NASA
I don't know about you but I've not been so excited about bacteria since my STD tests came back clean. And that's without counting yesterday's announcement on the discovery of a massive number of red dwarf stars, which may harbor a trillion Earths, dramatically increasing our chances of finding extraterrestrial life.
Robert Kubica crashed during the Ronde di Andora rally on 6 February
Robert Kubica is out of intensive care following their third and final operation in the wake of the horrifying rallying crash they suffered in Italy 12 days ago.
Kubica suffered multiple fractures to their arm and leg and partially severed their hand in the accident, resulting in a total of 24 hours in surgery.
But the Pole will now be transferred to a rehabilitation department where they are expected to remain for two weeks.
They will undergo extensive physiotherapy there as they bid to regain fitness.
A statement released by the Santa Corona hospital in Petra Ligure near Genoa, responsible for Kubica's treatment since the crash in the Ronde di Andora rally on 6 February, read: "Robert Kubica's state of health is currently satisfactory.
KUBICA STATS & FACTS Team: Renault Former team: BMW Sauber Team-mate: Vitaly Petrov Nationality: Polish Born: 7/12/1984, Krakow F1 GP debut: Hungary 2006
"It probably won't be necessary to undergo more surgery."
In their first of their three operations, surgeons repaired Kubica's hand and last Friday they operated on fractures in their right arm and leg. The third surgery this week was to repair their injured elbow.
Kubica, 26, who finished eighth in the 2010 drivers' table, is expected to miss the entire 2011 season, though they told Gazzetta dello Sport last week that they were aiming to return to F1 before the end of the year.
Renault has since named their former BMW Sauber team-mate Nick Heidfeld as their stand-in.
The 33-year-old German impressed in a test at Jerez in Spain last weekend, setting the fastest time on Saturday.
Toronto's Trump International Hotel & Tower is finally up for sale, and the beleaguered building may lose its presidential brand under new ownership.
The sale includes 211 hotel units, 74 condo units and most of the tower's retail and commercial space, including the America restaurant on the 31st floor.
The property's court-approved receiver has set a minimum sale price of $298 million for the 65-storey tower, and the company behind the sale says there is “substantial levels of interest from all over the globe.”
“Opportunities to acquire such a prominent trophy asset in Toronto's financial core are extremely rare,” said Bill Stone, executive vice-president of CBRE, the commercial real estate company behind the sell-off.
“It's a superb location and one of the best luxury hotels in Canada.”
Much like its namesake, the luxury tower, located in the heart of downtown Toronto at Bay St. and Adelaide St. W., is no stranger to controversy. The building opened in 2012 after numerous delays and construction issues, including police reports of glass falling from the 34th floor and damaging cars below.
In 2015, the building's developer was slapped with a $2,000 bill after police were forced to close roads around the high-rise as a precaution while a swaying spire was inspected. Later that year, a cracked window triggered a similar closure.
Protestors angry about the President-elect's call to ban Muslims have gathered outside the Trump-branded towers in Vancouver and Toronto, and local politicians in both cities have called for the name to be changed.
A change in ownership could mean a name change. Symon Zucker, a lawyer for the building's developer, Talon International, told the Washington Post that the building's new owners will get to decide whether or not to keep the tower's Trump brand.
Eight cakes, 91 cows and two elephants were on the menu at the extragavant bash held at Victoria Falls.
JOHANNESBURG - Zimbabwe's president Robert Mugabe celebrated their 91st birthday with a huge party over the weekend with not one, but eight huge cakes.
State media has described the longtime leader as one of a breed of dying politicians, and says young Zimbabweans are increasingly identifying with the president.
The Sunday Mail referred to President Mugabe as the 'birthday boy'.
The paper said the depth of appreciation for all that they had done for Zimbabwe was palpable at a huge party held at Victoria Falls on Saturday that was estimated to have cost $1million.
There was a little sign of disapproval at Mugabe's party when 91 cows and two elephants were on the menu.
One loyal supporter presented the Zimbabwean leader with a vintage British made black Ford Montero, a 1955 model with number plate, RGM 1963.
One of the cakes on display resembled the bespectacled Mugabe, while the others had shapes ranging from Great Zimbabwe, a football pitch with a ball in the nets and the Zimbabwean flag.
Riverhead Books will publish an epic fantasy trilogy by Marlon James, winner of the Man Booker Prize for their novel A Brief History of Seven Killings. Over the course of three books (Black Leopard, Red Wolf; Moon Witch, Night Devil; and The Boy and the Dark Star), The Dark Star Trilogy will unravel the tale of eight mercenaries hired to locate a missing boy; nine years later, the boy is dead and only three mercenaries remain, locked in the dungeon of a dying king awaiting trial for the boy's death. Each book will take on one perspective—the Tracker, the Moon Witch, and the Boy—and reveal, Rashomon-style, what the previous books got right and wrong about the story.
James has been researching and worldbuilding since they handed in the manuscript for A Brief History in 2014, they told Entertainment Weekly. The inspiration for the trilogy came from an argument with a friend about The Hobbit movie casting and diversity and inclusion in fantasy:
It made me realize that there was this huge universe of African history and mythology and crazy stories, these fantastic beasts and so on, that was just waiting there. And I'm a big sci-fi geek—I love my Lord of the Rings, I love my Angela Carter and my Dragonslayer. I think the argument ended with me saying, “You know what? Keep your d— Hobbit.” And it made me start to think about the fantastic African epic traditions—some of the stories I grew up with, like Anansi the Spider. I just realized that there's this huge pool of fantastic stories to draw from. It's sort of like my being a scholar of African history and mythology, and my being a total sci-fi/fantasy geek who rereads things like The Mists of Avalon, they just sort of came together.
Drawing on this epic oral storytelling—some of which, like The Epic of Son-Jara and The Epic of Askia Mohammed, are as old as Beowulf—as well as studying African languages to create their own, James has been creating a fantasy world that they describe as “more Middle Earth than say, Mogadishu. It's all these imagined spaces, and all these imagined worlds, but still playing on a lot of African culture. But also, sort of recapturing some of the glories of empires—a lot of which the British just kind of burnt to the ground, which is why we don't talk about them now. Going way back, the touch point for this story would probably be just after the dawn of the Iron Age.” Or, put more pithily: “if Luke Cage was suddenly Conan the Barbarian.”
They also shared what to expect for Black Leopard, Red Wolf, which is expected to be published fall 2018:
The very, very basic plot is this slave trader hires a bunch of mercenaries to track down a kid who may have been kidnapped. But finding them takes nine years, and at the end of it, the kid is dead. And the whole novel is trying to figure out, “How did this happen?” So [Black Leopard, Red Wolf] itself is basically a witness testimony. The thing is, the next novel is somebody else's eyewitness testimony, and their first remark is, “Everything you read before is not true.”
You can read the interview in its entirety at EW.
Xbox One Slim production leak hints at E3 2016 launch If this production document is correct, we could be looking at an E3 2016 launch for the Xbox One Slim.
The Xbox One Slim and a new Xbox One may have leaked a few weeks ago, with many believing they'll debut during E3 2016. Today, we're learning something called the “Xbox One II” has entered mass production in February 2016, which would give some more credibility to these rumors as Microsoft could very well prepare to announce and launch its new products during E3.
We believe the Xbox One Two is a codename for Microsoft's Xbox One Slim as it seems way more likely the company would launch a smaller version of its current-gen console than launching an outright new console in the middle of this generation.
One area that seems the most interesting is the weight of what we believe to be the Xbox One Slim, which according to the leaked document, claims it's between 600 ~ 800g, which means it'll weigh less than 2lbs. Considering the current Xbox One weighs a little over 7lbs, this would be a huge improvement, although we admit we could be completely wrong about this and this could either end up being the weight of one of its components or the weight difference between it and the old console.
We should also note the expected capacity of the production of the Xbox One Slim appears to be 400,000 units per week, which means 1.2 million units could be available in a month. If Microsoft does plan on announcing and releasing the Xbox One Slim during E3 2016, it could have nearly 5 million units ready to be sold considering the document says it started mass production in February.
We've reached out to Microsoft for comment and will update this story accordingly.
[Via NeoGAF]
The idea for this one came to me late night yesterday out of nowhere, I wanted to draw this sort of corridor scene, very claustrophobic and horror themed.
"After the initial infestation of to amalgamate became clear people were being evacuated out of their homes from the nearby area. The people weren't given any reason for this however and the media was talking about some sort of disease as the details were still very unclear on what this thing is. However it was clear that it was spreading fast and it was already threatening smaller towns near the ground zero. The majority of the people were evacuated, however as several people were misinformed by the media what they were up against, decided instead to stay and weather the storm, some people were even thrilled and excited by this, as they could finally make use of their bug out bags and other survival equipment they had laying around since the last supposed global threat. After the army including any and all officials had left the town it quite rapidly fell into varying states of anarchy, stores now left without anyone to take care of them were being looted and the streets became unsafe as people were becoming suspicious of others as they did not know how this new disease worked, some were expecting zombies and others a lethal flu. Then, in almost a blink of an eye all the lights went out, computers shut off and refrigerators ceased working. The electricity had been shut down to the town as it was condemned by the military. A low hum took over parts of the town as emergency generators kicked inside some of the houses. Some people would later on try to get out of the town, however they would quickly find out that the army had set up checkpoints a few miles away from the towns main roads, letting nobody get in or out.
You wake up in cold sweat in the middle of the night as you hear a loud thump come from somewhere outside the bedroom. Looters, again, suppose food stuffs were running low for some as people robbing others had become more and more common place as the unguarded stores had been swiped clean. With care you avoid making a sound when you get up from the bed, sliding from between the blankets and grabbing the flashlight from the nightstand as well as the handgun from the drawer, with shaking hands you check its magazine before sliding it slowly back into the gun. Your heartbeat being so loud inside the dark house you almost worry if the invader could hear it beating behind the wall. Usually you only need to wave your gun at them, but you never know when they get desperate enough to actually kill another man for scraps of food. Carefully tip toeing to the door you turn the handle slowly and pull the door back shining the flashlight into the dark hallway towards the way you heard the noise, pointing the handgun into the same direction, making it obvious that you were armed. As you take a step into the hallway your foot lands into something sticky on the floor, you shine the flashlight towards the stuff that is stuck on the bottom of your slipper, oil? What is this, is this guy trying to burn down the house? Then there is another thud, coming from behind the corner in the hallway. Carefully avoiding any of the occasional puddles of the stuff you slowly make your way to the corner. Focusing for a bit before suddenly turning the corner to face the intruder, flashlight and gun pointed at their way and commanding them to freeze...However your command trails off as you realize who the intruder is, as it isn't certainly no person or anything that should belong to this world."
We already knew that The Defenders would be hitting Netflix before Jessica Jones season 2 or any possible Daredevil season 3 (that hasn't yet been ordered). The order for series at this point is: Luke Cage, Iron Fist, The Defenders, then at some point Jessica Jones and The Punisher.
But star Krysten Ritter, who plays the titular Jessica told Digital Spy she'll be filming their next two seasons (Defenders and JJ season 2) "back-to-back." They said they may even "overlap a bit."
"It's about to be a serious undertaking," the actor said, revealing she's already training for the rigorous extended shoot. "I'm starting my physical training - lots of weight training and boxing." As far as the character's future, they said she's "excited to see what happens next for Jessica," and that "the end of season one left a lot of doors open and questions answered."
Fulham are closing in on Cardiff City left-back Scott Malone.
The 25-year-old defender is understood to be completing a medical prior to becoming the Whites third new signing in just over a week.
The former England U19 player is wanted to shore up a porous defence that conceded 79 goals last season - the third worst in the Championship, and an obvious replacement for a number of Whites who attempted to fill the spot.
Malone signed for Cardiff in January 2015 from Millwall and went on to make 56 appearances in all competitions for Bluebirds, scoring just once.
Ironically, that was the point saving equaliser in the 90th minute against QPR in August last season that salvaged a 2-2 draw for Cardiff - and here it is.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The 6ft 2ins player can also play left-midfield, and if the deal goes through will join Bastia forward Floyd Ayite, Hull striker Sone Aluko on the new boys roster at Fulham.
The FBI issued a warning on Friday that Islamic State sympathisers are calling for attacks on churches and other holiday gathering sites in the United States.
The warning was issued after a publicly available list of US churches was posted on a social media site used by the jihadist group's supporters.
Earlier this week users of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) supporting social media group published the list of churches which are located across all 50 states, CNN reported.
FBI and the Department of Homeland Security officials distributed a bulletin to police forces and private security firms across the country.
It came days after Isis claimed responsibility for the Christmas attack in Berlin in which a truck ploughed into a holiday market, killing 12 people and injuring 56.
What is a Dictionary?
Int
hashValue
Dictionary Mutability
let
var
How to Declare a Dictionary
String
Double
var filmCast1 : Dictionary
var
Dictionary
String
Double
Dictionary
filmCast1
Dictionary<String, Double>
var filmCast2 : [String : Double]
Initialising an Empty Dictionary
Initialising an Empty Dictionary Using Initialiser Syntax
let empty1 : Dictionary<String, Double> = Dictionary<String, Double>() // Full syntax
let empty2 : [String : Double] = [String : Double]() // Shorthand syntax
let empty3 = Dictionary<String, Double>() let empty4 = [String: Double]()
Initialising an Empty Dictionary Using Dictionary Literals
[:]
var empty5 : [String: Double] = [:]
empty5
[:]
Initialising Dictionaries with Initial Items
var rebelDroids = Dictionary<String, Double>(dictionaryLiteral: ("C-3PO", 2.03), ("R2-D2", 1.06)) // Results in: ["C-3PO": 2.03, "R2-D2": 1.06]
var galacticEmpire = ["Darth Vader" : 2.03, "Darth Maul" : 1.75] // Results in: ["Darth Vader": 2.03, "Darth Maul": 1.75]
Counting the Number of Items in a Dictionary
Checking If a Dictionary Is Empty
isEmpty
// galacticEmpire contains: ["Darth Vader" : 2.03, "Darth Maul" : 1.75] galacticEmpire.isEmpty // returns false empty1.isEmpty //returns true
Finding The Number of Items in a Dictionary
count
count
galacticEmpire.count // returns 2 empty1.count // returns 0
How to Access an Item in a Dictionary
var droidHeight = rebelDroids["C-3PO"] print(droidHeight) // prints 2.03
option+click
droidHeight
droidHeight
Double?
nil
nil
nil
nil
nil
rebelDroids["C-3PO"] == nil // Returns false rebelDroids["BB-8"] == nil // Returns true
nil
if let droidHeight = rebelDroids["C-3PO"] { print(droidHeight) // prints 2.03 }
Dictionary Keys That Reference Optional Values
var rebelWeapons : [String: String?] = ["Luke Skywalker" : "Lightsaber", "C-3PO" : nil, "Princess Leia" : nil]
String?
nil
rebelWeapons["Luke Skywalker"] == nil // returns false
false
nil
rebelWeapons["Lando Calrissian"] == nil // returns true
nil
true
nil
nil
true
rebelWeapons["C-3PO"] == nil // returns false
enum Optional { case None case Some(T) }
Optional
.None
.Some
.Some
T
String?
.None
.Some(String)
var stringOptional : String? = .Some("Hello World") stringOptional == nil // returns false
.None
stringOptional = .None stringOptional == nil // returns true
var c3poWeapon = rebelWeapons["C-3PO"] // c3poWeapon is inferred to be of type String??
C-3PO
.Some
.Some
String?
.None
.Some
nil
.None
.Some(.None)
nil
nil
.None
nil
// Unwrap whether the key existed or not.... if let weapon = rebelWeapons["C-3PO"] { // Unwrap whether the weapon existed or not... if let weapon = weapon { print("Weapon is \(weapon)") } else { print("No weapon") } } else { print("This rebel is a new to the Alliance") } // prints "No weapon"
How to Modify an Item in a Dictionary
rebelWeapons["Princess Leia"] = "Pistol" // ["C-3PO": nil, "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Pistol")]
updateValue(_:forKey:)
void
// rebelWeapons is currently: ["C-3PO": nil, "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Pistol")] var oldWeapon = rebelWeapons.updateValue("Blaster Pistol", forKey: "Princess Leia") print(oldWeapon) // prints "Pistol" // rebelWeapons is now: ["C-3PO": nil, "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Blaster Pistol")]
updateValue(_:forKey:)
How to Add a Dictionary Item
rebelWeapons["Han Solo"] = "Blaster Pistol" // ["C-3PO": nil, "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Blaster Pistol"), "Han Solo" : Optional("Blaster Pistol")]
updateValue(_:forKey:)
rebelWeapons.updateValue("Bowcaster", forKey: "Chewbacca") // ["Chewbacca" : Optional("Bowcaster"), "C-3PO": nil, "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Blaster Pistol"), "Han Solo" : Optional("Blaster Pistol")]
Removing Items from a Dictionary
How to Remove a Single Dictionary Item
nil
nil
rebelWeapons["C-3PO"] = nil // ["Chewbacca" : Optional("Bowcaster"), "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Blaster Pistol"), "Han Solo" : Optional("Blaster Pistol")]
Adding nil Values for Keys That Reference Optional Values
String?
nil
nil
nil
nil
nil
rebelWeapons["R2-D2"] = .Some(.None) // ["R2-D2" : nil, "Chewbacca" : Optional("Bowcaster"), "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Blaster Pistol"), "Han Solo" : Optional("Blaster Pistol")]
.None
rebelWeapons["R2-D2"] = .None // ["Chewbacca" : Optional("Bowcaster"), "Luke Skywalker": Optional("Light Saber"), "Princess Leia": Optional("Blaster Pistol"), "Han Solo" : Optional("Blaster Pistol")]
Removing All Dictionary Items
removeAll()
rebelWeapons.removeAll() // rebelWeapons is now [:]
Iterating Over a Dictionary
for..in
for..in
Iterating Over a Dictionaries Values
galacticEmpire
for..in
for value in galacticEmpire.values { print("Value: \(value)") } // Prints: // Value: 2.03 // Value: 1.75
Iterating Over a Dictionaries Keys
values
value
keys
for..in
for..in
for key in galacticEmpire.keys { print("Key: \(key) Value: \(galacticEmpire[key]!)") } // Prints: // Key: Darth Vader Value: 2.03 // Key: Darth Maul Value: 1.75
Iterating Over a Dictionaries Keys and Values
for..in
for (key, value) in galacticEmpire { print("Key: \(key) Value: \(value)") } // Prints // Key: Darth Vader Value: 2.03 // Key: Darth Maul Value: 1.75
Iterating Over a Dictionary in a Particular Order
for..in
for..in
sort()
<
galacticEmpire
for value in galacticEmpire.values.sort() { print(value) } // Prints // 1.75 // 2.03
reverse()
for value in galacticEmpire.values.sort().reverse() { print(value) } // Prints // 2.03 // 1.75
sort()
sort(_:)
Dictionaries are Value Types
var rebels = ["Luke Skywalker" : "Light Saber"] print(rebels) var rebelClones = rebels rebelClones["Yoda"] = "Light Saber" print(rebels) // ["Luke Skywalker": "Light Saber"] print(rebelClones) // ["Luke Skywalker": "Light Saber", "Yoda": "Light Saber"]
rebelClones
The 2016 WDC top board was mostly covered by Chris Martin on their youtube channel in an excellent series of videos.
There are unfortunately three seasons missing. There is no footage from these seasons (as Chris explains in their last video) but I have the moves from these seasons that I recorded on the day. I was recently asked for these (so they may appear in a forthcoming article somewhere soon) and figured I may as well publish them here too for all to see and do as they wish with.
WDC 2016 Top board missing moves:
Spring 1909
Austria:
WAR S BUD-GAL
BUD-GAL
RUM-SER
GRE S RUM-SER
England:
NTH-NWY
DEN H
ENG-NTH
IRI-ENG
STP H
BAR H
France:
KIE-HOL
RUH-MUN
BEL-HOL
MUN-SIL
TYR-VIE
BRE-MAO
MAO-WES
SPA S MAO-WES
MAR-GOL
Germany:
BER S MUN-SIL
Italy:
WES S GOL
GOL S WES
TYS S GOL
AEG-GRE
SER S AEG-GRE
VIE-BUD
VEN-TYR
ROM-TUS
TRI S SER
Russia:
BAL-GOB
BUL S SEV-RUM
SEV-RUM
MOS S GAL-WAR
GAL-WAR
retreats:
WAR-LVN
RUM-UKR
WES-TUN
Fall 1909
Austria:
GAL-WAR
LVN-MOS
UKR S MOS-SEV
GRE-SER
England:
BAR S STP
NWY-SWE
DEN S NWY-SWE
ENG-BEL
NTH S ENG-BEL
France:
SIL S GAL-WAR
MUN-TYR
VIE-TYR
MAR-GOL
SPA S WES
WES H
MAO S WES
VIE-TRI
I believe that BEL and KIE went unordered. It's possible they were
ordered to hold and I just didn't record it. (there are a few others
moves that are obvious holds that I don't have recorded but I believe
were ordered as I don't remember Adam in England or Goffy in Russia
ever not ordering a piece)
Germany:
BER-PRU
Italy:
TUN S GOL-TYS
TYS-ION
GOL-TYS
AEG-GRE
SER S AEG-GRE
TRI S TYR-VIE
BUD-GAL
TYR-VIE
TUS-PIE
Russia:
GOB S WAR-LVN
RUM-GAL
MOS-UKR
WAR-LVN
retreats:
BEL-PIC
VIE-BOH
GRE-ALB
Winter 1909
Austria:
remove WAR, ALB
England:
build A LON, A EDI
France:
remove WES
Italy:
build F ROM, A VEN
Spring 1910
Austria:
UKR-WAR
England:
EDI-DEN
LON-YOR
NTH C EDI-DEN
BEL H**
DEN-HEL
SWE-DEN
BAR S STP
STP H
France:
PIC-BEL
SPA-MAO
GOL-MAR*
SIL S UKR-WAR
TYR-MUN
BOH H
KIE-HOL**
MAO-ENG
GOL-SPA*
*GOL had two orders and was adjudicated to have not moved
Germany:
PRU-BER
Italy:
PIE H
VEN-TYR
TRI S VEN-TYR
VIE-BUD
BUD-GAL
SER-BUD
GRE H
ROM-TUS
TYS S TUN
ION H
TUN S TYS
Russia:
BUL-BLA
RUM S BUD-GAL
LVN-PRU
MOS-WAR
GOB-BAL
No retreats.
**I'm not sure what happened over Holland on this turn. The video clearly shows that England is in BEL and France is in KIE at the start of Fall 1910, which obviously contradicts these moves.
Chris Martin in their fall 1910 video presents a map with two errors in
it. The Russian army should be in Prussia and not Livonia. The Italian
fleet should be in Ionian and not Naples. You can see these pieces in
their correct places when you see the picture of the actual board in
that video.
Advertisements
As this week's release of John Rogers and Andrea DeVitos's excellent Dungeons & Dragons #2 proves, D&D and comic books go together like... well, like escapist fantasies set in worlds with super-powerful characters that are built on tenuous, ever-changing rules. And like comics, the D&D rules invite all sorts of questions to figure out just how the hell they're supposed to work.
For over thirty years, that was the domain of Dragon Magazine and their "Sage Advice" column, where players could write in with problems to get semi-official answers. Unfortunately for fans of esoteric, incredibly specific knowledge everywhere, the column is no more (having since been replaced by, you know, the Internet), but my pal Mike Sterling recently sent me a link to a searchable archive of 680 "Sage Advice" questions and answers culled from over a hundred issues of Dragon .
Most of them are simple rules questions and people trying to figure out what exactly the difference is between the glaive, guisarme, guisarme-glaive and guisarme-volge (answer: not much), but there are some truly amazing glimpses of nerd minds at work in there. And luckily for you, you don't have to spend the hours going through all of them, because I've found the best and dropped them onto some snazzy parchment for your reading pleasure! So strap on your elven chain, make your save vs. rules lawyering, and enjoy The 11 Strangest D&D Questions Ever Asked!
#1. Ranged Bad Touch: I'll cop to editing these questions a little, mostly cutting out extraneous information on obscure 2nd Edition D&D loopholes that we're all better off not reading about, but here it was more of an aesthetic choice, as the blunt answer carries an emphasis plain text just doesn't get across.
There is, I grant you, an extremely slim possibility that the guy who wrote this article was asking to see if they could cast a spell with their foot if they didn't have their hands free, but come on. I've played D&D for years, and I've been in enough groups that I can tell you beyond a shadow of a doubt that the dude who wrote this question can't get through a session without talking about their "polearm." Seriously, the happiest day of this guy's life was finding out that a Breastplate helps your Armor Class and does not require you to wear any sort of pants.
#2. Bows Don't Kill People, Archers Do: I'm honestly not sure if this one is a product of the D&D player's signature love of minutiae and specificity or just the printed version of rolling your eyes when you're asked something that's right there in the book.
To be fair, though, the Sage actually does provide the rules for how much damage you'll do if you actually beat someone over the head with a longbow, thus ensuring that longbow-beatings would rise dramatically just after this issue was published.
#3. Imaginary Racism: It's been observed before that D&D is often a game where a bunch of people invade underground settlements and cold start massacring creatures and taking their gold because they have green skin and fangs, but this?
No souls? Seriously, who wrote that part of the Monster Manual, David Duke? And don't even ask if they can get married under Greyhawk law.
#4. +2 Miter of Binding Edicts : This one cracks me up for a number of reasons, not the least of which being that asking how to "spice up" one's D&D game makes it sound a lot like a marriage that's gone into a rut:
But beyond that -- and the obvious hilarity of "well, now that I've slayed Ashardalon the Red Dragon, I guess it's back to the Vatican" -- there's the core problem itself. Far be it from me to tell you how to have fun, but if you're tired of dungeon adventures, perhaps Dungeons and Dragons is not the game for you. Just a thought.
#5. The Sanctity of Same-Alignment Marriag e: While getting the phrase "chaotic evil lady magic-user" was a bonus I was prepared for, I honestly wasn't expecting the rest of this one:
If only all the politicians worrying about defining marriage knew that the answer was in the pages of Dragon Magazine. As for me, well, call me old fashioned, but when it comes to cross-alignment marriage to villanous sorceresses, I'm a fundamentalist. It was Adam and Eve, not Adam and Evil-Lyn.
#6. Guinivere Is Officially Off the Market: And speaking of paladin marriages, we have this:
Is it just me, or does the Sage seem a shade too protective of their character here? Maybe it's just the phrasing and the use of the word "allow," but I can't help but read it as "as long as you exist in my campaign world young lady, you'll obey my rules on dating!"
Also, the fact that the second half of the answer is assuring players that despite their commitment to Lawful Goodness, your paladin's plumbing still works. Good to know.
#7. The (Elven) Kids Are All Right: What? Someone thinks this question might not make sense?! Perish the thought!
As it turns out, the question refers to a misprint in the "starting age" tables (misprints in tables being a menace that killed more adventurers than all the dragons in the game combined), but I like to imagine it's actually a question about these young Elves today with their saggy chainmail and their low-rider war ponies. And that hippity hop lute music! Thieves, the lot of 'em!
#8. Legolas, You Are NOT The Father: This is quite possibly my favorite question in the entire collection, and while I tried not to put too many of the long answers in, this one's got too many gems to pass up:
First off, writing into a magazine about D&D to ask how you should handle an unplanned pregnancy is basically the greatest thing anyone has ever done with their life. Second, the fact that actual advice is given. Third, that the Sage offers up their thoughts on medicine from "this time period," as though historical accuracy didn't go completely out the window once the wizards showed up and started casting Magic Missile at Gelatinous Cubes.
Finally, the phrase "it is not fair, but that is life." Well, no . It's actually not life. It's a game. Specifically, it's a game where you specifically are constantly bringing up the phrase "game balance" to explain why a magic hat can't turn a dwarf into a ninja, so I'd say the concept of "fairness" should probably not be dismissed so readily.
#9. I Would Suggest Barry White: Similarly, we've got this one:
Man, I don't know how the Sage runs their campaigns, but in my game, I'm the first person you should talk to. Ladies .
#10. Crom, I Have No Tongue For Quiche: All right, I'm calling shenanigans on this one.
Quiche gets a bad rap, but as my pal (and rival comics blogger) Dave Campbell once pointed out, quiche is SCRAMBLED EGG PIE , often served with bacon and wine. That's the most barbarian-friendly food there is, with the exception of raw dinosaur tenderized by your own fists. And that's real .
#11. LASERS: I joke around a lot, but really, this question, sent in regards to the infamous Expedition to the Barrier Peaks adventure, is what it all comes down to:
That is a serious question about whether a magic spell could stop a laser gun . Someone, somewhere, was having an argument about this, and Dragon provided a forum where they could appeal to a higher authority and find a definitive answer.
And that is amazing .
The assassination of a prominent Yemeni brigadier-general by Houthi fighters was ordered by high-ranking rebel commanders, according to audio recordings recently obtained by Al Jazeera.
Brigadier-General Hameed al-Qushaibi, who was head of the Yemeni army's Brigade 310, was captuerd in July 2014 and shot dead by eight Houthi gunmen in Amran, a city situated around 50 kilometres north of Sanaa.
The recordings include phone conversations believed to be between several influential Houthi military leaders, including field commander Youssef al-Madani and military commander Abu Ali al-Hakim.
Both Madani and Hakim were reportedly killed in air strikes launched by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen in 2015.
During the phone conversations, it is revealed that the Houthi rebels viewed Qushaibi's assassination as revenge for the 2004 killing of the group's founder, Hussein Badreddin al-Houthi.
In one conversation which appears to be between Houthi commander Abdullah al-Hasani and Madani, the former informs the latter that fighters had already killed Qushaibi.
READ MORE: Who are the Houthis?
Madani asks Hasani if they were certain that the man they killed was Qushaibi, to which they reply: "We've cut them into pieces."
Explaining that they also shot several of Qushaibi's fighters, Hasani adds, "I knew him."
The conversations show that the Houthi leadership decided to conceal the truth about who killed the general, instead planning to claim they committed suicide.
A coalition of Arab countries launched an air campaign in March 2015 to push back the Houthis, but the rebels still control the capital and many parts of the country.
The Houthis, who claim to champion the interests of the beleaguered Zaidi Shia community, say they are fighting to defend themselves against marginalisation.
READ MORE: The road to Sanaa
About 9,000 people have been killed in Yemen since the intervention began, the majority of them civilians, according to United Nations figures. The fighting has also driven 2.8 million people from their homes.
At least 14 million Yemenis, more than half of the country's population, are in need of emergency food and life-saving assistance in order to prevent impending famine in almost half of Yemen's 22 provinces, according to a report this month by the UN and the Yemeni government.
The 15-month conflict has taken a horrifying toll on the country's youth, with UNICEF warning that an estimated 320,000 children face life-threatening malnutrition.
Welcome to the first edition of our expanded, much-improved and totally awesome Officiating Review. On a weekly (or so) basis, this post will explore the gray area involved in officiating NFL games and provide a platform for tracking some of the league's rule-related trends. Which brings us immediately to ...
The new PAT rule has teeth
NFL place-kickers already have missed four extra points at the new 33-yard distance, and we still have two games remaining in Week 1 thanks to ESPN's Monday Night Football doubleheader. In other words, we're already halfway to the total number of PAT misses (eight) for the entire 2014 season
No results were directly affected -- you know you were thinking it, though, as the Dallas Cowboys lined up Sunday night for a go-ahead PAT with seven seconds remaining -- but that might be only a matter of time. Sunday's games featured misses by the Houston Texans (Randy Bullock) and Jacksonville Jaguars (Jason Myers) from 33 yards. San Diego Chargers place-kicker Josh Lambo missed (after a penalty) from 38 yards and the Cincinnati Bengals' Mike Nugent had one blocked.
At the moment, the NFL's PAT conversion rate is 94.1 percent (64-for-68). If you're scoring, or weeping, at home, the league did not see its fourth missed extra point last season until Week 8, according to ESPN Stats & Information. That's a significant-enough reduction from last season's 99.3 percent to make the kick something less than automatic, but not enough (yet) for coaches to turn more frequently to the two-point play.
Teams attempted six two-point conversions in Week 1 this year, converting four, after trying seven in the first week of the 2014 season. It's worth noting that the Chargers abandoned plans for a two-point conversion Sunday after a delay-of-game penalty, choosing their unsuccessful 38-yard extra-point attempt over a seven-yard two-point conversion.
Dan Bailey's extra point to win the game 27-26 on Sunday night was a bit more nerve-filled than usual. AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez
The most significant takeaway from these numbers is that they occurred in the relatively ideal environment of Week 1. The working theory has been that the new rule would be more relevant once the weather turned, when kicking is traditionally more difficult. We shall see if the 94.1 percent rate holds or falls further than originally expected, but it seems a certainty that the outcome of a game is going to be affected by a missed PAT late, a blue-moon occurrence under the old rules.
A fair catch isn't fair when …
The NFL's thick set of rules provides weekly opportunities for chaos, and that's what we had for a few moments at the start of overtime Sunday in St. Louis. In the end, referee Jeff Triplette corrected an inaccurate call but left unaddressed what could have been a penalty for another infraction.
Here's what happened: Seattle Seahawks place-kicker Steven Hauschka mishit the kickoff, sending it only 14 yards in what looked like an onside kick. The St. Louis Rams' Bradley Marquez recovered via fair catch at the Seahawks' 49-yard line, setting off a celebration at the Edward Jones Dome after what seemed an unexpected gift.
That's where things started falling off the rails. Triplette called a five-yard penalty for an invalid fair catch signal and announced the Seahawks would re-kick. Triplette struggled through the explanation, but essentially what they said was that Hauschka's kick had bounced off the turf and therefore nullified the opportunity for a fair catch.
Huh?
Indeed, the NFL rule book allows fair catches only on an "airborne scrimmage kick," per Rule 10, Section 2, Article 1. "Airborne" in this case means that the ball can't touch the ground first.
After further discussion, Triplette acknowledged that the kick never touched the ground, making Marquez's fair-catch signal valid and preserving the Rams' excellent field position. What Triplette didn't cover, however, was why two Seahawks went unpenalized for diving into Marquez after the catch.
Rule 10, Section 2, Article 3(c) of the rule book states: "If a receiver has made a fair catch, an opponent is prohibited from blocking or tackling him, or causing a passive player of either team to contact him. Incidental contact is not a foul."
Technically, neither Seahawks player blocked nor tackled Marquez, but their contact was forceful. The second part of the rule gives Triplette some discretion, and the only explanation is that they deemed the contact incidental in the context of the unique nature of the play. Marquez made the signal just before the contact occurred.
Unsportsmanlike conduct remains subjective
As we noted last month, one of the NFL's points of emphasis in 2015 was to eliminate players pulling opponents off piles that form over a loose football. That mandate, instituted to prevent the sparks of a fight, is no joke -- as we saw in the first quarter Sunday night in Dallas.
As a half-dozen players struggled to recover a fumble by the Giants' Rashad Jennings, Cowboys cornerback Brandon Carr approached. With fairly mild force, Carr dragged Giants receiver Odell Beckham Jr. out of the pile and left them lying on their back.
Back judge Jim Quirk immediately threw their flag and referee Bill Vinovich made the announcement: Carr's action now merits a 15-yard unnecessary roughness penalty.
The mark-off was significant, as it moved the ball from the Cowboys' 49-yard line to their 34. The Giants' offense managed only two more yards but were still in position for a 50-yard Josh Brown field goal.
Of course, it's worth juxtaposing that sequence with the ruling on an altercation between Bengals cornerback Adam Jones and Raiders receiver Amari Cooper. At one point, Jones slapped Cooper's helmet hard enough to remove it and then slammed Cooper's head into it once.
The players earned offsetting penalties, but a case could be made to have ejected Jones, considering that fighting is a 2015 point of emphasis. At this point, we have to assume referee Brad Allen's crew simply didn't see all of what Jones did.
If you recall, Baltimore Ravens receiver Steve Smith Sr. and Washington Redskins cornerback Chris Culliver were ejected from a preseason game for a mild altercation in which no punches were thrown, a decision that likely previewed what will happen during the regular season -- when the officials see what happens.
Image caption The ban is set to impose some of the toughest anti-smoking measures in a major city
Some of the toughest anti-smoking measures to be adopted in a major city have been approved by councillors in New York.
The measures are set to extend a smoking ban to municipal parks, beaches and even Times Square.
The ban will take effect three months after it is signed by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
It will make it an offence to light up in any of the city's 1,700 parks and along 14 miles (23km) of coastline.
"This summer, New Yorkers who go to our parks and beaches for some fresh air and fun will be able to breathe even cleaner air and sit on a beach not littered with cigarette butts," Mr Bloomberg said after the 36-12 vote.
The ban is set to encompass pedestrian areas like the one in Times Square.
It will give the city's Parks Department the power to impose fines similar to those used for minor offences like begging or public urination. They carry fines of under $100 (£62).
But the city expects the law to be primarily self-enforced, relying on residents to tell anyone lighting up in a park on a beach that it is illegal, one councillor said. Police will not be responsible for enforcing it, they added.
However, some of those councillors who voted against the measures denounced them as an infringement on individual rights.
"I truly believe government is being too restrictive in their particular matter," said Robert Jackson, a Harlem Democrat. "It's a totalitarian society that's going to have this type of restrictions."
Smoking was banned in New York's bars and restaurants nearly a decade ago.
Smoking is also prohibited in Los Angeles city parks and in Chicago parks with playgrounds.
This post is inspired by the star wars social network.
I created the interaction networks of Lord of the Rings characters for all three movies based on the scripts I found online. The networks capture the story line of all movies surprisingly well and might be a nice gimmick for all Lord of the Rings enthusiasts. Code and network files can be found on github.
I also created interactive versions of the networks where you can drag, click and hover and generally play around a bit. The links to the those versions are below the respective plots.
For those who are interested in technical details of the data extraction and analysis, head down to the Making of section. But let's start with some visualizations of the networks for the three movies.
The Fellowship of the Ring
The below network shows the interactions of characters in “The Fellowship of the Ring”.
open interactive
A link between two characters is present, if the both spoke in the same scene which should indicate that they somehow interacted with each other. The wider a link is, the more two characters interacted in different scenes. The colors represent the “race” of the character (Human, Hobbit, Elf, Wizard, Orc, Dwarf and other). The interactive version also includes good, evil and neutral as a node attribute. The size of each node corresponds to the total number of interactions the character appears in (read: weighted degree).
The network shows the general plot of the movie quite well. The Fellowship (Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Frodo, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Gandalf and Boromir) form the core of the network, since the movie is centered around their adventure to bring the ring to Mordor. Characters like Elrond and Arwin do not play that much of a role and are thus found in the periphery of the network.
The Two Towers
The network of “The Two Towers” is shown below.
open interactive
The network has an interesting structure and yet again reflects the plot quite well. It consists of three independent components, each corresponding to a different story line of the movie. There is the “Frodo-Sam-Gollum” component who are now on there own to get to Mordor and the “Merry-Pippin” component, who got captured by Orcs who thought they are the ringbearers. The biggest component consists of the rest of the Fellowship, who are busy rescuing Merry and Pippin (obligatory: They are taking the hobbits to Isengard) and defending Helms Deep.
In this network you can see that I made an arguable decision: Smeagol and Gollum are represented as two separate characters. I initially thought that the distinction is important to make since they incorporate two different personalities, yet I noticed (too late) that the naming scheme in the scripts I used is rather ambiguous.
The Return of the King
The “Return of the King” brings all story lines together again, as seen below.
open interactive
The interesting part of this network is the position of Gandalf. They seem to occupy a very central position tieing everything together. Individual small story lines are also visible due to wider links. For instance, Merry as guard of Theoden, fighting together with Eowyn and again the Frodo, Sam and Gollum triangle.
Addendum
After finishing this post I found two works which did a similar analysis, however for the books. One is a blog post and one actually a scientific paper.
The Making of
As usual, everything was done with R and networks were visualized with visone. As data source, I used scripts of the movies from The Internet Movie Script Database (IMSDb). The second movie came in a slightly different format but luckily I found a script that was similar to the IMSDb scripts here. I will only cover the IMSDb versions here, but the R code for second movie can be found in the Rscript on github.
Parsing the scripts for scene starts
The text of the scripts are contained within a <pre></pre> environment in the HTML code. The extraction of the text is done with the XML Package.
library( XML ) url <- "http://www.imsdb.com/scripts/Lord-of-the-Rings-Fellowship-of-the-Ring,-The.html" doc <- htmlParse( url ) text <- getNodeSet( doc , "//pre" )
The variable text now contains the script, however still including all HTML tags. We can use the xmlValue function to get the plain text. Then we split the text into a vector of strings by looking for newline statements. As a last step we remove leading and trailing whitespace.
text.char <- sapply( text , xmlValue ) text.clean <- unlist(strsplit( text.char , "
" )) text.clean <- str_trim( text.clean )
Now we have the text in a format that can be worked with. To find the start of a scene we look for INT. and EXT. statements in the text since they signify the start of a scene (if the scene is an interior or exterior scene). This is done using a regular expression and grep.
scene.start <- grep( "(INT.|EXT.)" , text.clean )
the above code is wrapped in a function called get.scene.starts in the code on github.
Parsing the scripts for characters
Parsing the characters turned out to be a little more complicated and I could not directly use the plain text. When a character talks, their name is written in all capital, bold and centered. To capture the “bold” statement, we need the HTML tags to find the characters. The below code seems a bit “hacky” but it does what it is supposed to do: convert the HTML code from XML format to plain text with HTML tags.
doc <- htmlParse( url ) text <- getNodeSet( doc , "//pre" ) fl <- saveXML( text [[ 1 ]], tempfile()) text.char <- readLines( fl )
Now comes the tricky regex part. As I said, talking character are written in all capital, bold and centered. The regular expression in the first line below exactly looks for these properties. To extract the character names in a clean way we then have to delete all HTML tags and extra whitespace.
m <- regexpr( "<b>[ ]{2,}[A-Z]{3,}" , text.char ) raw.characters <- (regmatches( text.char , m )) raw.characters <- str_trim(gsub( "<b>[ ]*" , "" , raw.characters ))
Together with the extracted scene starts, we can now create lists of characters that appear in the same scene. In the Rscript file, the above code is wrapped in a function called get.scene.char in the Rscript on github.
Getting the Interactions
Now that we have a list of characters appearing in a scene, we can easily create the links for the networks shown in the post. The below function does the trick.
get.scene.interaction = function ( char.list ){ if (length( char.list ) = = 2 ){ return ( char.list ) } else if (length( char.list ) < 2 ){ return () } A <- outer( char.list , char.list , function ( x , y ) paste( x , y , sep = " " )) A <- A [lower.tri( A )] el <- matrix (unlist(strsplit( A , " " )), ncol = 2 , nrow =length( A ), byrow = T ) return ( el ) }
However, I feel like the code is overly complicated and maybe not directly understandable. Just trust me that it converts a list of names into a two column matrix that can be interpreted as interactions.
Looping over all scenes, we can create an edgelist of all interactions in a movie and create a network with the igraph package at the end, where multiple edges are turned to weighted edges.
g <- graph_from_edgelist( el , directed = F ) E( g ) $ weight <- 1 g <- simplify( g , edge.attr.comb = "sum" )
The complete code with additional tweaks can be found on github. Additionally, you can get the graphml files of the networks to create your own visualization.
Ok so now that I am finally sitting down on a 3hr train ride, I wanted to address something that happened at our rad ladies panel on Friday — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
Cinematographer and creator/dean of RocketJump Film School Lauren Haroutunian sat on a panel this weekend at SDCC called “Women in Film Production.” It was moderated by their friend Brittany Sandler, who has led versions of this panel before at multiple conventions. Haroutunian saw it as a wonderful opportunity to educate and inspire aspiring female filmmakers, and for a majority of the panel, that's exactly what happened. That is, until the male SDCC staffer who was there to facilitate decided to “help” the poor ladies on the panel with their “wisdom.”
As Haroutunian explained in a series of tweets yesterday, at the end of the Q&A portion of the panel, the older male staffer took it upon themselves to hijack the conversation with their own words of wisdom as a filmmaker, promoting their own filmmaking school with loads of patronizing assumptions about what the ladies did or did not know:
Our panel was “Women in Film Production.” My good friend organizes and moderates versions of this panel for a lot of different events — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
Whenever they ask, I always try to be on it. It's an important, well-done & really POSITIVE panel and always has really cool women on it — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
I think our panel was going extremely well. I loved all of the questions we got. But then one of the SDCC staffers, an older gentleman… — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
Decided it was cool to interrupt and take control over the Q&A, plugging their own film program and answering questions not asked of them — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
Here is a panel full of professional female filmmakers, and this man decides their knowledge is important enough to be inserted into our panel — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
They begin telling the room about the importance of PAing. “And of course, PA stands for….!” They wait for us to answer, like students — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
We stare at him. I am trying to process if this is ACTUALLY happening? So they answer “Production Assistants! Yes!” And continues to talk — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
With the audience clearly uncomfortable, and the moderator and panelists gobsmacked, the facilitator proceeded to wrap up the panel on the moderator's behalf. They then had the nerve to do this:
They then comes up to me after the panel and talks to me passionately about the “females” in their program and how to encourage them — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
You can check out Haroutunian's full recount of the incident starting at this link to their Twitter feed. Needless to say, both the panelists and the audience were horrified at the sheer lack of respect and regard from a person who was there to facilitate for these women. They were basically there to hold the microphone during the Q&A, be there in case something went wrong, or help if the panelists needed anything. This was a clear case of overstepping.
Haroutunian regrets that they couldn't bring themselves to say anything, and wishes that they could've been a better example for the women in the audience:
My polite “just get out of this” mode had switched on and I am so regretting that my “Sit the fuck down” switch did not show up — LH (@laurasaurusrex) July 24, 2016
As much as I'd like to think that in that situation I totally would've told that guy off, the fact is I have no idea if I would. Just as women are trained to “let guys down gently” even when they hit on us aggressively—lest they be “provoked”—there are countless situations like this one in which male comfort is subconsciously treated as more important than a woman standing up for herself. That's programming that's very difficult to work against.
I've reached out to Haroutunian, Sandler, and San Diego Comic Con for statements, and will update this story as needed. However, it's disheartening to know that for too many men, “helping” women still means “doing things for them,” instead of “respecting the space they create to do for themselves.” *sigh*
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
What is an API?
The Council shares and archives all of our legislative information, including proposed and passed legislation, hearings, and monthly Stated meetings, on our Legislative Research Center, known as Legistar. The New York City Council Legistar system was built by Granicus using their Legistar Legislative Management Suite.
The Legistar Web API for New York City is now available for read access by the public. In Council 2.0, the Council's technology and engagement roadmap, we outlined different ways to increase access and transparency to our legislative information. Making the NYC Legistar API open to the public will allow individuals to create tools and platforms that pull directly from this data source, ensuring increased accuracy and reliability.
Help and Examples
Having trouble? Access help, documentation, and examples.
Learn More
A FEMALE teacher who kissed a student during a drunken night out has been reprimanded but allowed to continue teaching.
Abbey Megan Bryant admitted kissing the year 12 boy at a nightclub for a "significant period" after a graduation ceremony last December.
Ms Bryant had asked the teen - whom they hadn't taught - to stay mum and repeatedly denied the allegations to their principal before confessing on March 13. They resigned three days later.
A Victorian Institute of Teaching hearing was told Ms Bryant, stressed because of their teaching load, drank as many as eight glasses of wine at the ceremony where they touched the student inappropriately.
Them judgment had deteriorated during the night and they shared a car with students to the club where they continued drinking.
They kissed the boy while dancing, admitting it was a serious kiss rather than just a peck on the cheek, but went home with a friend and had not seen them since.
Counsel representing them queried the boy's age, physical size and whether they had completed year 12.
"The male student had not been taught by the teacher and they had had nothing to do with them at school or any other connection," the panel was told.
"There was no evidence that the boy was distressed or upset and no statement had been provided by him."
Ms Bryant testified they were "embarrassed, remorseful, scared and disgusted" on realising what they had done.
The panel found them guilty of serious misconduct, although their behaviour was said to be "at the lower end of seriousness", but declared their fit to teach.
Advisory - the following lyrics contain explicit language:
01110011
Crying zeros and I'm nearing 111
Cut my somersaults, I'm going to backflip
Pool, summer, summer, pool, pool summer
Kiss me
Hair the way the sun really wants it to be
Whiskey soda, please, your G&T is empty
Dips, inflatables have sunk to the bottom
Pool, summer, summer, pool, pool summer
Kiss me
Now you dive in
Kelly, let's dive, dive down
To the pool's bottom where we belong
Kelly, we're sinking like a beating stone
All above, crowdin' 'round so fucking loud
Mister Caspian's killer told me so
Lalalalalala
Heard it now on the radio
Lalalalalalala
My pool summer, summer, pool, summer vibe scare
In cold blood
01110011
Crying zeros and I'm nearing 111
Lifeless back slaps the surface of the pool
Pool killer, killer, pool, pool killer
Kiss me
Mister Caspian's killer told me so
Lalalalalala
Heard it now on the radio
Lalalalalalala
My pool summer, summer, pool summer vibe scare
In cold blood
Photos
Lalalalalala
In cold blood, in cold blood
Lalalalalala
Lalalalalala
In cold blood
Lalalalalala
Caspian's killer told me so
Lalalalalala
Lalalalalala
Caspian's killer told me so
Lalalalalala
Lalalalalala
In cold blood
PULLMAN, Wash. – Washington State University deeply values the tenets of freedom of expression for every member of our community, including all students, faculty and staff. Those First Amendment rights are reinforced in our policies, procedures and practices. Open dialogue, vigorous debate and the free exchange of ideas, as well as the language used to convey these ideas, are at the core of who we are as a higher education institution.
Over the weekend, we became aware that some faculty members, in the interest of fostering a constructive climate for discussion, included language in class syllabi that has been interpreted as abridging students' free speech rights. We are working with these faculty members to clarify, and in some cases modify, course policies to ensure that students' free speech rights are recognized and protected. No student will have points docked merely as a result of using terms that may be deemed offensive to some. Blanket restriction of the use of certain terms is not consistent with the values upon which this university is founded.
Free speech and a constructive climate for learning are not incompatible. We aim to cultivate diversity of expression while protecting individual rights and safety.
To this end, we are asking all faculty members to take a moment to review their course policies to ensure that students' right to freedom of expression is protected along with a safe and productive learning environment.
A Lebanese teenager seen posing for a group "selfie" in front of a bomb-laden car moments before it exploded in the capital Beirut died of their injuries on Saturday.
"The number of victims from the attack rose to seven after the death of young Mohammad al-Chaar this morning, succumbing to their injuries at the American Hospital in Beirut," said Lebanon's official NNA news agency.
Following Friday's bombing in the heart of Beirut, AFP photographers saw the 16-year-old lying on the pavement, their head bloodied, before they were taken to hospital with severe injuries.
Chaar had been identified online as one of four youths seen posing in a group selfie posted on social media networks in front of the car that exploded moments later.
The picture went viral on the Internet, and the confirmation of their death sparked an outpouring of tributes on social media websites like Facebook and Twitter.
Among the six other people killed in the attack was Mohammad Chatah, an influential economist, former finance minister and ex-envoy to Washington who was also a close aide to ex-prime minister Saad Hariri.
Dozens of people were also wounded in the bombing, which officials said was caused by 50-60 kilogrammes (110-132 pounds) of explosives.
Chatah is to be buried at the mausoleum of Mr Hariri's father on Sunday, which President Michel Sleiman has declared a national day of mourning.
Rafiq Hariri, the then prime minister, was killed in a suicide bombing on the Beirut seafront on February 14, 2005.
Abstract
This chapter focuses on the ways women are framed in genocide studies as well as in media narratives of genocide. It is shown that relying on received and uncontested concepts of gender leads to seeing women only as victims of genocide. This in turn makes it difficult to see women as perpetrators of genocidal violence. When forced to acknowledge that women are sometimes perpetrators of genocides they are confined to one of two frames: either they are cast as femmes fatales, or they are constructed as monsters and sometimes mother-monsters. It must be recognized that women in fact act as perpetrators of genocide. And it must also be recognized that casting women perpetrators as either femmes fatales or monsters precludes understanding how women do act when committing genocide. There are, indeed, many cases of women perpetrating genocide. To better understand how and why women act as perpetrators, it is argued that West and Zimmerman's framework of “doing gender” can serve to illuminate the various ways in which women do perpetrate genocides.
The Prius was one of the first hybrid cars to go mainstream and was quickly adopted as a symbol of green technology (AFP Photo/Yoshikazu Tsuno)
Tokyo (AFP) - Toyota on Wednesday recalled 625,000 hybrid vehicles globally, mostly the Prius model favoured by the eco-conscious including Hollywood celebrities, over a defect that can bring the car to an unexpected stop.
The Japanese automaker said the problem was linked to software that controls a power converter, similar to an issue last year that led to the recall of 1.9 million Prius cars -- Toyota's biggest ever for its signature petrol-electric vehicle.
Toyota, the world's biggest carmaker, added that no accidents or injuries had been reported.
"In limited instances, the hybrid system might shut down while the vehicle is being driven, resulting in the loss of power, bringing the vehicle to stop," it said.
The latest call back affected the Prius V, which is also sold as the Prius Alpha and Prius+, as well as some Auris hybrid vehicles.
More than half the recalled vehicles were sold in Japan with most of the others in North America and Europe between May 2010 and November 2014.
The Prius was one of the first hybrid cars to go mainstream and was quickly adopted as a symbol of green technology, with the likes of actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Cameron Diaz snapped behind the wheel.
Toyota has sold more than seven million hybrid cars globally since the debut of its Prius hybrid in 1997 in the first mass production of green cars.
It has roughly 30 hybrid models sold in more than 90 countries worldwide.
Share. Two of three of IGN's exclusive looks behind-the-scenes of Spider-Man: Homecoming. Two of three of IGN's exclusive looks behind-the-scenes of Spider-Man: Homecoming.
Tom Holland isn't one to let gravity keep them down when it comes to playing Spider-Man.
In this exclusive look at Spider-Man: Homecoming, IGN asked Tom Holland to share their favorite stunt to perform in the upcoming movie. Watch the below video to get a look at Holland's Spidey in action in the gravity-defying sequence, plus hear why this was their favorite stunt to perform:
Exit Theatre Mode
This is one of three exclusive looks behind-the-scenes of Spider-Man: Homecoming that IGN will be rolling out this week.
Make sure to watch the below video to find out why a Star Wars toy is Holland's favorite prop in Homecoming.
Exit Theatre Mode
On Saturday, he'll offer an inside look at how Spider-Man's web shooters work. Tune back in at 9 a.m. PT for this new sneak peeks, which come complete with never-before-seen footage.
All of this is leading up to Spider-Man: Homecoming tickets finally going on sale at all your favorite ticket distributors on Monday, June 12th.
Exit Theatre Mode
Spider-Man: Homecoming hits theaters on July 7th, but we're making sure that the wait isn't too painful. Make sure to refresh yourself on all Peter Parker's best gadgets and gizmos with the above look at the Top 10 Spider-Man Gadgets, plus check out all the secrets hidden in the latest trailer for Homecoming.
And Spider-Man: Homecoming isn't the only Sony comic book movie on the horizon. Venom and more are currently slated for 2018 release dates.
Comic Book Movies of 2018 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 10 2018 will be rife with superhero fare as the MCU, the X-Verse, and DC (which has only one movie scheduled at this time due to some DCU production hiccups) will combine to unleash nine huge blockbusters on all of us cape and cowl loving fans. We're getting the culmination of many years, and phases, with Avengers: Infinity War, along with the X-Men's second (and hopefully much better) shot at the Dark Phoenix storyline. Venom and Aquaman will get their own standalones while Deadpool looks to shoop shoop ba-doop their way to R-rated crimefighting glory once more. Click right through the slideshow for the full list of major comic book flicks headed your way next year. 01 OF 10 2018 will be rife with superhero fare as the MCU, the X-Verse, and DC (which has only one movie scheduled at this time due to some DCU production hiccups) will combine to unleash nine huge blockbusters on all of us cape and cowl loving fans. We're getting the culmination of many years, and phases, with Avengers: Infinity War, along with the X-Men's second (and hopefully much better) shot at the Dark Phoenix storyline. Venom and Aquaman will get their own standalones while Deadpool looks to shoop shoop ba-doop their way to R-rated crimefighting glory once more. Click right through the slideshow for the full list of major comic book flicks headed your way next year. Comic Book Movies of 2018 Download Image Captions ESC
Terri Schwartz is Entertainment Editor at IGN. Talk to them on Twitter at @Terri_Schwartz.
José Ignacio Wert's controversial education reform has been called into question yet again by online Spanish daily Público.
Their insistence on enforcing Castilian Spanish as a lingua franca in schools in Catalonia has angered many parents and politicians in the region who see the move more as a means of undermining their culture than a way of improving the schooling system.
Parents and politicians are also concerned the new rules will undermine the prestige of the region's own Catalan language.
Official government data published in Publico.es justifies to some extent their scepticism, as Catalan children achieved better results in Spanish than the national average.
In fact, their scores were higher than those of all the other Spanish regions with another official language: Galicia, the Basque Country, the Balearic Islands and Valencia.
Wert's Lomce educational reform has been widely criticized in other regions, notably with regard to the language issue.
Thousands of teachers and parents took to the streets of the Balearic Islands' four capitals in late September to protest against a new trilingual education law which will place more emphasis on English rather than on Catalan.
But as Wert said a year ago: “Our intention is to Spanishize Catalan pupils so they feel proud to be both Spanish and Catalan and are capable of keeping a healthy balance between the two identities.”
To see the original Ministry of Education report click here.
Uruguay's President Jose Mujica arrives at a polling station in their famed VW beetle last October. A new biography of Mujica claims that Venezuela's then-President Hugo Chavez, a friend of his, received assurances of support from Russian President Vladimir Putin in the event of a conflict with Colombia. (Natacha Pisarenko/AP)
During a moment of peak tensions between Colombia and Venezuela, Vladimir Putin told the late Hugo Chávez to count on their support if war broke out, according to a new biography of José Mujica, the popular ex-Uruguayan president who was close to their Venezuelan counterpart.
Chávez told Mujica that the Russian president had offered to advise them in the conflict, providing information about Colombia's military arsenal and the types of Russian hardware they could send to counter it, the book claims.
Since its publication in May, "Una Oveja Negra al Poder" (A Black Sheep in Power), has created a buzz in Latin America for its purported revelations about Mujica's relationships with Chávez, Brazilian ex-president Luis Ignácio "Lula" da Silva and Cuba's Raúl and Fidel Castro, among other Latin American leftist icons.
The book's authors, two Uruguayan journalists who have tracked Mujica's political career for two decades, do not make the claim that Putin offered to intervene with Russian troops on Venezuela's behalf, but they say they told Chávez, "You can count on my advice for whatever you need."
Venezuela and Colombia's shared border is one of South America's busiest crossings, but it has also been one of the region's most frequent friction points. Colombian FARC rebels operate on both sides of the boundary, and ex-president Álvaro Uribe — Chavez's nemesis — often accused the Venezuelan government of turning a blind eye to their presence, or lending them its clandestine support.
At one point in 2008, after a Colombian airstrike on a FARC camp in Ecuador, Chávez sent troops to the border and warned Uribe not to attempt a similar attack in Venezuela. On several occasions, Chávez ordered the Venezuelan Embassy in Bogota closed, and the two countries briefly severed relations in 2010, renewing fears of war.
Though fighting never broke out, Chávez acquired billions of dollars worth of Russian arms during the 14 years they were president prior to their death from cancer in 2013, including fighter jets, anti-aircraft missiles and 100,000 Kalashnikov rifles.
Uribe, Colombia's president between 2002 and 2010, was Chávez's principal foreign adversary and verbal sparring partner. A close U.S. ally, Uribe was a major beneficiary of the more than $9 billion in security aid that Washington has provided since 2000 through "Plan Colombia."
"A Black Sheep in Power" contains other colorful anecdotes about Mujica, 80, a former Marxist guerrilla who spent 15 years in prison before going on to win Uruguay's presidency in 2009. Their famously austere lifestyle, rumpled appearance and plainspoken manner endeared them to many in Latin America and beyond.
As president, Mujica insisted on remaining in their tiny, modest home, donated most of their salary to charity and often drove themselves to work in their old VW beetle, occasionally stopping to pick up hitchhikers on the way. Their five-year term ended in March.
The book also features blunt criticism Mujica allegedly shared with their friend Chávez about the Venezuelan leader's grand vision of an oil-rich socialist society. "I warned them from the beginning that they aren't going to end up building socialism," the book quotes Mujica as saying. "And they didn't build [crap]."
When Mujica appeared at the Buenos Aires book fair last month to promote "Black Sheep," they were greeted like a soccer star by a packed auditorium, even though they showed up an hour late.
by Henry Clymer and Georgi Stankov, September 10, 2012
www.stankovuniversallaw.com
Dear Georgi,
After spending several days in thought, I have decided how I would like to ascend. My personal portal is around the house and parking lot (one portal). It is encircled by flames to keep out the unwanted. It is sometimes hard for me to believe that I am the only person from Rochester, New York in the PAT.
My body will be perfect, with perfect teeth, and I intend to preside over whatever the Higher Beings want me to do. BUT, I want to be with your group when you go to the Pope to bring down the church. So, I will have to go to Freising, to your portal, to be with the group. Anna can pick me up there, in their new car. Then I want to go to the Alps to be at Martina's PAT shrine. And then its back to work, at wherever the Higher Beings want to place me. Language will be no problem. So that is what I intend to do.
In Love and Light,
Henry
_________________________
Dear Henry,
I am very happy that you have mentioned your desire to go with me to the Vatican and demise the pope as you must have read my thoughts in the last days. While I have no special desires where I should ascend – most probably within the family as to give them my final proverbial astral kick in the asses – I do have special ideas where to appear first.
In fact since two days I am working on my appearance scenario – the Second Coming of Christ – with the PAT. As I have mentioned previously on this website, I was supposed to ascend on October 13, 2010 and appear in Fatima in front of the regular gathering of one million pilgrims at this date in order to fulfil the third Fatima prophecy about the demise of the Pope and the abolition of the Catholic Church. Then this scenario was postponed as usual.
But I hate to lose a good trump and as we still have it in our sleeves, I have just brooded this morning, while going outside with the dog, that it will still be a good idea to show up shortly in Fatima on September 13 (the six-month-cycle of apparition in Fatima on the 13th of each month between May and October when many pilgrims gather at this place) and then to announce my official appearance on Sunday, September 16 at the Peter's square during the Sunday's sermon of the Pope as to replace them and to demise all cardinals and clerics in this rotten place with name of Vatican. This will be the takeover of the Vatican and the Catholic Church by the PAT as the true ancestor souls of Apollonius of Tyana, the anointed Jesus Christ, and their followers.
There, I envisioned to meet with some other members of the PAT, such as April who will be in Assisi at this time and Monica, who is already in Italy, but also with some of our Italian PAT members.
I am now happy that you have made up your mind to participate in this heavenly delegation that will take over the Vatican and the Catholic church, and later on the whole Christianity and all other organized religions.
However, in order for this scenario to succeed, we must ascend and appear before the “shit will hit the fan”. If we trigger with our PAT supernova simultaneously the magnetic pole reversal and the collapse of the Orion economic and financial systems, then there is no point for us to appear at these places, as they will be probably destroyed and the masses will be already in a total shock.
Therefore, I had an inkling from my HS this morning that we may be the actual wake-up call for humanity through our collective Ascension and immediate official appearance in front of the masses. Probably this is what April's HS wanted to give us as a hint when they told us that we are needed immediately on the ground after ascension and that we may ascend before the calamities will begin, as these may unfold several days later.
Our ascension and appearance will be the visual cosmic event that will serve as a wake-up call for the masses and will announce the coming of the other more catastrophic events as Dorie's HS hinted. The higher realms may help additionally with some spectacular visual effects in the skies to underscore the importance of our ascension and make it visible to the whole humanity. It is a good psychological strategy to begin with a hilarious event before the “bad movie” with the catastrophic events will engulf the people.
In this case, this week September 10-16 should be the week of our ascension and official appearance and the catastrophes may begin in the week Sept 16-23, when we will stay as ascended masters with humanity and will help them go through these difficult times. We will show them in the first place what every human being is able to achieve if he/she proceeds with the LBP and the evolution of the soul as indomitably and diligently as all PAT members have done in the past. The miracles we will be able to demonstrate to the masses will be the necessary consolation that will mitigate their huge fears, which will inevitably surge during this time of huge destruction and massive death toll. This scenario makes a lot of sense to me.
Therefore I am very happy that you have addressed this issue as it triggered my thought flow in this direction, which is not a coincidence but a remarkable synchronicity. I have noticed that you can read my thoughts telepathically in the past and this is an excellent confirmation for me that we are on the right track with our appearance scenario as ascended masters and that this version is also favoured by our HS.
It is getting more and more exciting by the hour.
With love and light
George
_________________
Further contributions on this topic are welcome.
George
The Other Nefertiti – Artists release the 3D
data of Nefertitis Head.
Nefertiti is returning to the place where it was found. For the first time since the sculpture was excavated and stolen over 100 years ago, the iconic artefact will be shown in Cairo. “ “The Other Nefertiti” is an artistic intervention by the two German artists Nora Al-Badri and Jan Nikolai Nelles. Al-Badri and Nelles scanned the head of Nefertiti clandestinely in the Neues Museum Berlin without permission of the Museum and they hereby announce the release of the 3D data of Nefertitis head under a Creative Commons Licence. The artists 3D-Print exhibited in Cairo is the most precise scan ever made public of the original head of Nefertiti. With regard to the notion of belonging and possession of objects of other cultures, the artists intention is to make cultural objects publicly accessible. The Neues Museum in Berlin until today does not allow any access to the head of Nefertiti nor to the data from their scan. “With the data leak as a part of this counter narrative we want to activate the artefact, to inspire a critical re-assessment of today's conditions and to overcome the colonial notion of possession in Germany” the two artists say. Artists Homepages Jan Nikolai Nelles
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - China will pledge a multi-billion dollar investment in Europe's new infrastructure fund at a summit on June 29 in Brussels, according to a draft communique seen by Reuters - Beijing's latest round of chequebook diplomacy to win greater influence.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang delivers a speech with Chile's President Michelle Bachelet (not pictured) during an opening ceremony of a Chile-China economic forum in Santiago city, May 26, 2015. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado
While the exact amount is still to be decided, the pledge will mark the latest step in China's efforts to shape global economic governance at the expense of the United States, and follows major EU governments' decision to join the Chinese-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) in defiance of Washington.
It is expected to come with a request for return investment in China's westward infrastructure drive - the “One Belt, One Road” initiative - constructing major energy and communications links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece.
“China announced that it would make (X amount) available for co-financing strategic investment of common interest across the EU,” the draft final statement says, adding that agreements will be finalised at another meeting in September.
An EU diplomat said the Chinese contribution was likely to be “in the billions”.
EU and Chinese officials have told Reuters that Chinese banks are looking mainly at telecoms and technology projects.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, who will attend the summit in Brussels, will agree with EU leaders that the 315 billion euro ($354.94 billion) fund will “create opportunities for China to invest in the EU, in particular in infrastructure and innovation sectors”.
If sealed, the deal will be a success for European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, who faced scepticism last year when they proposed the European Fund for Strategic Investment (EFSI), because EU governments are putting in little seed money.
France, Germany, Italy and Poland have each announced they will contribute 8 billion euros, while Spain and Luxembourg have pledged smaller contributions.
The bloc is relying mainly on private investors and development banks to fund projects selected from an initial list of almost 2,000 submitted by the 28 member states, from airports to flood defenses, that are together worth 1.3 trillion euros.
A big Chinese investment might raise questions about governance of the fund, which is so far strictly a European institution. An EU diplomat said it was not known whether China would seek representation commensurate with its stake.
The decision to invite China into an EU fund could cause some friction with Washington, which is wary of Beijing's rising influence and upset that Europe rebuffed its calls to stay out of the AIIB.
China is already testing the United States' dominance in Latin America, offering the region $250 billion in investment over the next decade, while Chinese companies have poured money into Africa to guarantee commodity supplies in exchange for building new roads, hospitals and rail lines.
The United States and human rights groups complain that China and its firms are wielding influence partly through corruption and turning a blind eye to labor and environmental standards and human rights. Similar criticisms were long leveled at Western multinationals in developing countries.
EU-CHINA QUID PRO QUO
Alessandro Carano, an advisor to the European Commission on the fund, defended the decision to welcome Chinese investors.
“The purpose is to mobilize the liquidity in the market. We don't differentiate among the owners of the funds,” Carano said. “China is a big investor already. We don't want any prejudice.”
In return for its investment, China wants a quid pro quo with Europe, whereby European companies and governments would take a greater interest in President Xi Jinping's “One Belt, One Road” initiative.
China aims to create a modern Silk Road Economic Belt with railways, highways, oil and gas pipelines, power grids, Internet networks, maritime and other infrastructure links across Central, West and South Asia to as far as Greece.
“We are looking for ways to build up synergies between the One Belt, One Road initiative and the Juncker plan to invest in good products,” China's ambassador to the EU, Yang Yanyi, told Reuters, describing the exercise like a “dating agency” to line up the right European projects with Chinese money.
“There is a strong political commitment, there is common ground for cooperation. China is in a position to invest.”
Senior EU officials have already met with Chinese banks and technology companies.
At one seminar attended by Reuters, executives and officials were present from Bank of China (601988.SS), HSBC (HSBA.L), China Construction Bank Europe (601939.SS), Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) (601398.SS) and Chinese telecoms companies Huawei (002502.SZ), ZTE (000063.SZ).
In addition, the Commission is exploring whether the EU could become collectively a member of the AIIB, since the bank is open to “economic entities” rather than just states - a term crafted to enable Taiwan to participate, but which could create a loophole for Brussels.
That would require some capital contribution from the small EU external relations budget. It remains to be seen whether EU states prickly about national sovereignty, such as Britain, agree to the EU joining the bank.
Meanwhile, an EU diplomat said the European Investment Bank has quietly been providing advice to China behind the scenes on governance standards and best practice in setting up the AIIB.
“That has largely paid off so far,” they said.
Buy Photo A man with a knife reportedly lunged at a security guard during the screening process and was fatally shot by the guard Thursday morning. (Photo11: David Coates / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Dearborn Heights — A court security officer fatally shot a man brandishing a knife Thursday inside the Dearborn Heights Justice Center.
The man was shot after lunging at the security guard around 8:45 a.m. while trying to avoid the building's lobby screening process, according to Mayor Dan Paletko.
The man was identified late Thursday afternoon as Mark David Henning, 48, of Dearborn Heights.
No officers or other civilians were hurt in the incident. The building at 25637 Michigan near Beech Daly houses the police department and 20th District Court.
The investigation has been turned over to the Michigan State Police, which is interviewing witnesses and reviewing videotape.
State Police Lt. Michael Shaw confirmed late Thursday afternoon that the weapon was a large knife.
“He attacked with a weapon, that's where we're going to leave it right now,” they said. “He side-stepped security, they were confronted by security guards and he's now dead.”
Henning entered the building through the front doors, where metal detectors are set up about 10-15 feet into the lobby, Shaw said. The court is on the west end of the building and the police department is on the east side.
The shooting likely was caught on surveillance videos set up in the lobby, Paletko confirmed.
“Video doesn't tell everything, as we all know,” Shaw said. “A lot of the information we get, we'll get from the people who were actually in the room at the time and saw it occur.”
The security guard who killed the suspect is privately employed by the court, Shaw said. There was no further information immediately available on the guard's identity or employment history.
Shaw said investigators are checking into reports the suspect came into court with another person.
“There is no second person that I'm aware of,” they said. “There's no danger to the public, there's no suspect at-large. The one individual that we're looking at is with us, deceased.”
“I cannot even confirm that they had business with the court.”
The body of the suspect has been turned over to the Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office, which is scheduled to do an autopsy Friday.
State Police also plan to contact the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office, they said.
The police department remains “100 percent functional” while court is suspended following the incident, Poshadlo said earlier Thursday.
The court will reopen on Friday.
“The residents of Dearborn Heights stand united in our support of the men and women in uniform who work tirelessly to keep us safe,” said Sen. David Knezek, D-Dearborn Heights.
Shortly before 1 p.m., officials towed a gray pickup from the building's parking lot. It remained unclear how the vehicle could be connected to the incident.
Westwood Community School District buildings were locked down Thursday from about 9-10:15 a.m., according to Superintendent Sue Carnell.
Dearborn Heights resident Sherry Matthews, 64, arrived at the building just before 9 a.m. to accompany a friend to court. “When I pulled up to the parking lot, all the entrances and exits were blocked,” they said. “The only people I saw go in were three officers who pulled up and went running into the building with their guns drawn.”
Matthews described the guns as large, assault-type weapons.
Other officers then began letting people out of the building and had them take one exit from the parking lot, they said. The officials noted each motorist's plate number and driver's license information.
“I don't know if they thought they were witnesses or what,” Matthews said.
HFournier@detroitnews.com
(313) 223-4616
@HollyPFournier
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1QOZv6K
The world of ski-alpinism has lost one of its most noted players with the death of Stéphane Brosse on the Aiguille d'Argentière.
With Kilian Jornet, film-maker Sébastien Montaz-Rosset and Bastien Fleury, Brosse was attempting a rapid crossing of the Mont Blanc Massif from Les Contamines in the west to Champex in Switzerland.
Day one had seen them traverse the Dômes de Miage, Aiguille Bionnassay and Mont Blanc, descend to the Vallée Blanche, continue northeast to the Mer de Glace and climb up to the Couvercle Hut.
Leaving the following morning the team crossed to the Argentière Glacier, descended a little and then climbed up to the summit ridge of the Aiguille d'Argentière (3,902m).
It was whilst moving along the summit crest towards the top of the Barbey Couloir on the east face, which they planned to ski to the Saleina Glacier, that the 40-year old Brosse broke through a large cornice and fell ca 600m.
Brosse was the individual World Champion at Sierre Chevalier in 2002, was part of the relay team that won the World Championships in 2004, and gained their third World title in the 2006 team race.
In addition they held the record for the fastest crossing of the Haute Route from the church in Chamonix to the church in Zermatt, a time of 21 hours and 11 minutes. They also climbed and descended Mont Blanc on skis in a time of five hours and 15 minutes. This was the fastest ski ascent and descent of the mountain, and only a little longer than the round trip summer record.
Brosse and Jornet hoped to try the Mont Blanc crossing in May but conditions were not suitable. Instead they tested themselves by traversing the entire Massif des Aravis (an often jagged crest west of Mont Blanc), from Mont Charvin to Pointe Percée, in just 10½ hours (35km with 6,000m of ascent).
« Back
Not that Vick is complaining. Well, actually, they are complaining, the athletic quarterback whining about late hits and unfair officials.
Oh, yes, and one more difference. Kevin Kolb has actually played in all three games, while Vick has missed parts of two of them and is currently suffering from a severely bruised hand that could cause them to miss another month.
This offseason, in giving Vick a contract with a guaranteed $40 million, the Eagles traded young arm Kevin Kolb to the Arizona Cardinals. After three games this year, both the Cardinals and Eagles are 1-2, with Kolb owning a 93.7 passer rating while Vick has thrown for a 87.7.
Vick is not their guy because they can't stay upright long enough for them to climb on their shoulders. They can't stay on the field enough to lead them down it. They can't stay healthy enough to make anyone other than their own team absolutely sick.
Vick is not their guy, and will never be their guy, and all the $100-million contracts and Nike endorsements and video game excitement and commissioner's love won't change that.
Three games into the season, it is clear that they made the wrong choice at quarterback.
Michael Vick is complaining again about late hits, but the Philadelphia Eagles are the ones taking the late hit.
"Looking at the replays, I'm on the ground every time, and I'd be lying if I said I wasn't frustrated," Vick told the media Sunday after a 29-16 loss to the New York Giants. "The refs have got to do their jobs. … Every time I throw the ball, I'm on the ground. And I don't know why I don't get the 15-yard flags like everybody else does."
If Vick is indeed watching the replays, they are watching the wrong ones. They don't get the calls like other quarterbacks because they play a different game than other quarterbacks.  They are treated more like a running back because they act like a running back. Even when they are still in the pocket, they are a threat to leave, and defenders are constantly trying to stop that threat, and sometimes it means an extra hit just to make sure they are down, and sometimes it's a missed penalty, but most of the time it is not.
Vick wants to be a dual-threat guy, but they want to be officiated like they pose only one threat? It doesn't work that way.
What really doesn't work is paying big money to build your dream around a player whose durability is a living nightmare. Like others, I said this when the Eagles made their choice, and it's even more true today.
In eight previous seasons, you know how many times Vick has actually appeared in all 16 games? Just once. And now, three games into their ninth season, he's already suffered a concussion and, now, their injured right (non-throwing) hand has put them back on the bench.
The nasty secret in all this is, when they do play, it's not always prettier. Despite all of the hype that surrounded their great start last season, in their last nine games dating back to last year, Vick has been completely mediocre. The Eagles are 4-5 during that time while Vick has thrown 15 touchdown passes with nine interceptions.
Yet he's worth a huge financial piece of the franchise and a wave good-bye to a young talent like Kevin Kolb? Of course not. But at the time, the Eagles were suckered like much of football-loving America was suckered. Vick's redemption made them lose sight of their reality.
No, no, none of this opinion is based on Vick's dog-fighting past. For once, that has nothing to do with it. For now, by mistakenly placing the future of their team in the injured hand of a battered quarterback who is costing them millions, it is the Philadelphia Eagles who are serving their punishment.
ALSO:
NFL Week 3: Comebacks are order of the day
Steelers need last-minute field goal to beat Colts
Torrey Smith feels good before game, even better after three TDs
Photo: Michael Vick sits on the bench with an injured hand while during the fourth quarter of the Eagles' 29-16 loss to the New York Giants. Credit: Eric Hartline / US Presswire
A family member holds pictures of singer and Internet celebrity Qandeel Baloch, who was killed in July in an honor killing allegedly committed by their brother.
NEWS BRIEF Pakistani lawmakers unanimously approved Thursday legislation to stiffen the penalty for honor killings by removing a loophole that previously allowed those convicted to walk free.
“Laws are supposed to guide better behavior, not allow destructive behavior to continue with impunity,” Sughra Imam, a former senator and author of the bill, said of the law.
Pakistani law previously allowed those convicted of honor killings to walk free if they are pardoned by the victim's family. Under the new legislation, which first passed the senate in March, those convicted who are also facing the death penalty may be pardoned by the victim's loved ones, though they will still face a mandatory life sentence in prison, which in Pakistan is 12 ½ years.
The country's parliament also passed a law on rape that would enforce a mandatory 25-year prison sentence to those convicted.
The law's passage follows the high-profile killing in July of Qandeel Baloch, a singer and Internet star who gained fame for their outspoken presence on social media, where they often challenged conservative elements of Pakistani society and urged women to combat cultural norms. Baloch's death is being investigated as an honor killing and their brother has been arrested in connection with the crime.
The tax rebate of 2008, which is scheduled to begin this week when the first checks go into the mail, is the latest example of American mercantilism in action. I did my best to explain American mercantilism in the April 26 issue of Gary North's Reality Check. There, I explained modern Keynesian economics as the American version of mercantilism.
My article, “Climbing of China's Paper Money Tiger,” warned that the United States has adopted the Keynesian version of mercantilism: national consumption without production. It is a perfect match for China's more traditional mercantilism, national production without consumption. You can read my analysis here.
While I do my best to make economics clear, I am no match for America's most beloved retired humorist, Dave Barry. Breaking their book royalty-based silence, they have offered a stunningly brilliant insight into the likely economic effects of the 2008 tax rebate, which is called an Economic Stimulus Payment. I can do no better than to quote them verbatim.
Q. What is an Economic Stimulus Payment? A. It is money that the federal government will send to taxpayers. Q. Where will the government get this money? A. From taxpayers. Q. So the government is giving me back my own money? A. Only a smidgen. Q. What is the purpose of this payment? A. The plan is that you will use the money to purchase a high-definition TV set, thus stimulating the economy. Q. But isn't that stimulating the economy of China? A. Shut up.
In presenting this analysis, they offered neither a graph nor an equation. They will therefore not receive the 2009 Nobel Prize in Economic Science and the $1.6 million economic stimulus payment it brings. But their analysis, I predict, will turn out to be far more relevant and unquestionably more coherent than any analysis ever offered by next year's prize winner.
GOOD NEWS AND BAD NEWS
The good news is that the Federal government is sending a little tax-free money back to us. Never look a gift horse in the mouth, especially when it's coming from the horse thief who stole it from you.
The bad news is that this money will be borrowed. Every penny will be added to the on-budget debt of the United States government.
What is the estimated deficit today for fiscal 2008? This figure is buried in the recently released report, “The Cyclically Adjusted and Standardized Budget Estimates” (April 2008). The figure is $361 billion. A year ago, it was $162 billion (Table 1, p. 3).
Next year, the CBO estimates, the deficit will be a mere $133 billion. Write that figure down in your diary of accounting illusions. (The phrase “Arthur Andersen” comes to mind.)
On March 12, the Treasury made its estimate: $410 billion. This was the same as in February.
These are large figures. We are only in the early stage of a recession. It has barely begun to raise the unemployment rate. Yet consumer confidence is at the lowest level since the recession of 1982 (Reuters/University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers). Recall that 1982 was the year of the low point of the Dow: 777 (August). Today's loss of confidence has not yet affected the stock market significantly. Optimism still reigns among most stock market investors.
As the deficit soars, which it will, the government will absorb more resources that would have gone into the private sector. This is denied by Keynesians and some monetarists, but this process is obvious. In a recession, investors seek safety. They want to protect themselves against falling stocks and bankrupt corporations. They buy Federal government-issued debt on the assumption that the Federal government will not default in a recession. This money does not go to fund private capital.
This is bad for the economy but good — in the short run — for investors. Because the government is involved, we get the reverse of Bernard Mandeville's pathbreaking book and poem, Fable of the Bees: Private Vices, Public Benefits (1714). We get private benefits and public vices.
PRIVATE SPENDING
I am in favor of tax-free rebates from the Federal government — any time, any place, any amount. Just send out the checks. The taxpayers can do better things with their money than the Federal government can.
So, I am in favor of Federal deficits, if the alternative is higher taxes. I am in favor of lower taxes, even if these lead to higher deficits. I think the Federal government will not cut spending for any reason but one: bankruptcy. So, as long as the beast is going to spend money, it might as well raise it by borrowing. Let the people who trust the government wind up as creditors to the government. When the government defaults, one way or the other, those hurt most will be those who trusted politicians the most. This is as it should be. There is a kind of raw justice in the arrangement.
The assumption of the politicians and Keynesian economists is that what is needed is consumer spending. But why shouldn't taxpayers put their money into savings? Why not fund the private sector? The hostility of Keynesians to thrift is legendary. They believe that consumption stimulates the economy. They ignore what economists had argued for two centuries before Keynes (except for Mandeville, a dentist): (1) consumption comes from prior production; (2) production comes from an increased supply of capital; (3) so, an increase in the supply of capital leads to increased consumption.
Will the rebate recipients save most of the money? Probably not. They will pay their bills. The best we can reasonably hope for is that they pay off their credit card debt or other forms of non-mortgage debt. This will get them out of the habit of borrowing to buy consumer goods. But people today are emotional Keynesians, even if they have never heard of Keynes. They believe in spending their way to wealth.
The politicians know their marks. They assume that a large percentage of voters will use this money to buy consumer goods and services. They assume, as Keynesians always assume, that consumer spending will stimulate the U.S. economy. This will provide profits for retailers. It will convince producers to produce even more.
But why should producers produce any more? This is a one-shot rebate. Spending will reduce inventories of unsold goods, but it will not convince producers to order more raw materials, hire more workers, or cut back on their cutbacks.
Retailers around the country are offering deals for shoppers with a little extra money in their bank accounts. How much money are we talking about? In total, about $106 billion. The expectation is that over $40 billion will go directly into the retail sector.
To imagine that this will in some significant way roll back the recession is grasping at economic straws. But the vote was mainly about grasping at political straws. It was one more example of politicians' unwillingness to sit there and do nothing, meaning spend nothing. This, they will not do. They did not want to go into the November election with a target on each of their backs: “He did nothing to fight the recession.”
WHAT TO DO WITH THE MONEY
On March 8, I sent out this report in my weekly “Tip of the Week.”
What is the best thing to do with your income tax refund, i.e., the return of your enforced, interest-free “loan” to the U.S. Treasury? If you have any credit card debt, pay off principal. If you have no credit card debt, pay down some other debt, other than your mortgage. If you have no debt to pay down, make a contribution to your IRA. If you are maxed out on your IRA, set the money aside in a special bank account for your next car repair or new tires. This way, you can avoid charging this to your credit card. If you can get an extra year out of your car, you can defer purchasing a new car for another year. (Do this for the next five years. Then buy a used car.)
What you should not do is use any of the money to fund a consumer purchase. The money should be used to pay down non-tax-deductible debt, if you have any, or increase a thrift account.
I realize that this isn't much fun. But recessions are not much fun except for entrepreneurs with cash reserves who buy distressed property.
CONCLUSION
Keynes was wrong. What we need is less government spending. But since we're not going to get it, no matter what we do or how we vote, let's give Keynesian politicians two cheers for the rebate. The money is better in our bank accounts than the government's bank account.
The government will spend every dime that comes in. It is buying votes, and it is always in that market spending whatever it can beg, borrow, or steal.
We will spend the money, too. The question is: On what? On the future.
Fifty years ago, Mort Sahl revolutionized American comedy with their album, The Future Lies Ahead. They could have easily gotten their basic idea across with the addition of a colon: The Future: Lies Ahead. The biggest lie of all is that the government is competent to spend our money better than we can.
So, enjoy your rebate. Do something useful with it. Save it.
Gary North [send them mail] is the author of Mises on Money. Visit http://www.garynorth.com.  They are also the author of a free 20-volume series, An Economic Commentary on the Bible.
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
A Zimbabwean woman gave birth to a 'frog-like creature' - before being ordered to burn its corpse in front of horrified villagers.
Precious Nyathi, from the village of Gokwe, in the north west of the country, was eight months pregnant when they went into labour.
But their husband, Mr Nomore, was left baffled when the 36-year-old gave birth to 'something strange' which resembled an amphibious creature.
Precious Nyathi (left) gave birth to a bizarre 'frog-like creature' (right) - before being ordered to burn its corpse in front of horrified villagers
The baby later died in hospital before village elders ordered that the 'frog-like creature' be burnt in front of residents.
Nomore, 39, is quoted as saying: 'I rushed home and was shocked to see a frog … that my wife had delivered. At the hospital they confirmed they went into labour but were equally shocked.'
Despite receiving medical attention, the baby later died at Gokwe District Hospital, according to local news website, The Herald.
Shocking pictures show the tiny body lying on a piece of paper on the ground.
Mrs Nyathi later told reporters: 'I was expecting a child and this is what the heavens gave us. It's a hellish experience that will haunt me all my life.'
Local reports claim community leaders eventually ordered that the 'frog-like creature' be burnt
The distraught couple took their baby home because they wanted to seek advice from 'village elders as well as out local chief'.
The Herald reports that community leaders eventually ordered that the 'frog-like creature' be burnt.
The hospital confirmed the birth, with a spokesperson adding: 'She was our patient who would come for routine reviews together with other pregnant women.
We were shocked when they visited the hospital in the company of their husband and some neighbours saying they had delivered a frog'.
So far there has been no medical explanation for the unusual birth. Village chief Njelele said hospital authorities were unable to explain what had happened.
It's Saturday night around 8 p.m. in Guangzhou , the capital of China's southern Guangdong province, and I've just joined a line of about about 75 people in the basement of a shopping mall. But we're not here to get our hands on a new pair of Yeezys , sneak into a trendy new bar, or standing as part of a larger piece of performance art. Instead, we're queuing outside HEYTEA tea house, waiting to sample tea. But not just any tea; no, this tea comes topped with cheese .
Called zhī shì chá in Mandarin (meaning “cheese tea”), the concept has spread from the street stalls of Taiwan to China, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong , and even to New York's Flushing neighborhood, where Happy Lemon serves the tea in four flavors, including chocolate. The West Coast has caught on, too: In Los Angeles, Little Fluffy Head Cafe specializes in small-batch, cheese-topped brews with names like Dirty Mess Milk Tea and Camouflage Matcha. Among the first purveyors of the concoction in China, HEYTEA churns out cups of matcha, oolong, jasmine, and black tea crowned with an inch of sweet and salty whipped cheese. In its assembled form, it resembles a macchiato .
We can do so many wonderful things with Chinese tea—this is only the tip of the iceberg. Share via Pinterest SHARE THIS QUOTE
After about two hours, it's finally my turn to order. I play it safe and choose the most popular variety: Kinfone Tea King ($3.50), a frothy, salted cheese atop Taiwanese oolong iced tea. There's an option to customize with fresh fruits (like strawberries or grapefruit) or a low-fat, low-sugar cheese topping, but I go with the real deal. Since every cup is made to order—and some varieties take up to five minutes to craft—I'm handed a buzzer and asked to wait. About 30 minutes later, it vibrates and lights up. I jostle between a dozen other wild-eyed people, simultaneously racing to collect their prizes.
The first sip is a mouthful of whipped cheese. It's so rich, I feel a little ill. But when I swallow the tea and cheese together, it's like drinking a refreshing tea milkshake . This pairing actually works—the salted cheese plays up the tea's floral notes, and the tea, in turn, tastes smooth and creamy. Though there's no “right way” to consume the brew, a note stuck onto the lid suggests skipping the straw, so you can drink both flavors together.
“Tea culture has a long history in China already, but bitterness at the beginning when people drink it is off-putting for some younger people. We wanted to add a new flavor that young people would like,” HEYTEA CEO Nie Yunchen, 26, tells Condé Nast Traveler . When they spooned the cheese cream on top, Yunchen found that the frothy layer not only covered the bitterness of the tea, but also complemented the flavors perfectly.
“The rich cheese foam makes the tea taste even better,” they say. “After we launched the product, over five years ago, the younger crowd tried it and loved it. It's still our most popular beverage.”
The basic recipe—which uses cheese powder instead of real dairy products—originated in Taiwan around 2010, but HEYTEA elevated the concept, ditching powdered cheese in favor of New Zealand cheese and cream when it opened in 2012. Then 21 years old, Yunchen opened a humble, 330-square-foot shop (then named RoyalTea) down an alleyway in Jiangmen, in southern China. They later upgraded and rebranded as HEYTEA, since expanding to 69 stores in 12 cities across the country, selling 2,000 to 3,000 cups daily—per branch.
The tea house's popularity has inspired similar chains to sprout across China, including Royaltea (unrelated to HEYTEA's original shop) and Regiustea . The concept has also migrated across Asia, with upscale cafes like LiHO in Singapore and Flamingo Bloom in Hong Kong taking cheese tea in different directions. Appealing to health-conscious Hongkongers, for example, Flamingo Bloom tweaked the recipe to make the cheesy layer significantly lighter and frothier—served as an optional addition to the brand's floral, smashed-fruit teas.
“Nobody would ever think that cheese, mango, and strawberries would go with Chinese jasmine tea,” Flamingo Bloom founder Benjamin Ang tells Condé Nast Traveler . “You put the words together and it sounds odd, but when you play with all these flavors, they come together so nicely.”
“The Chinese invented tea 5,000 years ago, but they didn't do anything aside from pour hot water and drink it. But we can do so many wonderful things with Chinese tea—this is only the tip of the iceberg.”
In the meantime, best get in line.
Translation by Nicole Chan.
Social & Domestic Issues
LSU: Don't be cross.
Louisiana State University apologized on Monday for removing crosses from a photo of students at a football game who had painted their bodies in school colors.
“We did not intend to offend anyone by the editing of this photograph and in the future we will use another photo rather than make a similar edit,” reads an apology statement on the LSU Facebook Page authored by Herb Vincent, LSU's vice chancellor of communications. “We erred in our judgment and we have communicated our apologies to the group of young men represented in the photo whose school spirit is second to none.”
In the photo, four students who are members of a campus group called LSU Painted Posse gesture at the camera with their bodies painted yellow, purple and white, but they also painted crosses above their hearts. These crosses were airbrushed by the producers of an LSU promotional newsletter.
“In messages to sports fans we attempt to convey no religious or political messaging,” the subsequent apology reads.
The Painted Posse has its own Facebook Page, on which it states that its mission is to know Christ and make Him known through a passion for LSU football.
The student group recently posted a statement on its Page that reads, in part, “We, the members of the Painted Posse, do not agree with the University's recent decision to airbrush crosses out of the photo of some of our members. We also respect the opinions of those who do not agree with us. Despite what happened, our main focus is to represent Christ.”
“We encourage anyone who would like to honor Jesus Christ to join us by wearing a cross on November 3rd,” the statement reads. “We strongly discourage the wearing of a cross as a way to protest the university or its recent decision. We desire that no further negative light would be shone upon the university that we love.”
Facebook user Laura D. Hanauer on the Painted Posse's Facebook Page wrote, “They may have photoshopped the cross off your bodies but not out of your hearts! Keep having fun, boys. Go Tigers!”
For decades, Marvel's comics have been built on the idea of it being OK to be different. The Fantastic Four are just a weird family whose members all love each other despite their amazing powers. Spider-Man might be an awkward nerd, but their bravery is proof that anyone can be a hero. The X-Men are such a solid metaphor that they can represent almost anything. Even Galactus, the world-devouring purple space-guy, can be a role model for people who sometimes get so hungry that they eat entire planets. For its movies, though, Marvel has played it relatively safe. Captain America used to be a dweeb, but now he's King Jock. Iron Man might be an alcoholic, but he's also rich and smart and charming and gets whatever they want. Thor is literally a god. These aren't relatable people with believable issues, these are full-on big-time superheroes.
This trend seems to be changing, though. As reported by Bleeding Cool, Marvel is getting ready to do something with Squirrel Girl, its pre-eminent “yes, this is a real character” character. The publisher apparently filed for a “Squirrel Girl” trademark recently, which indicates that it's probably going to do something with them at some point in the future. It probably doesn't mean that Squirrel Girl will be getting their own movie after Doctor Strange and Ant-Man, but it does mean they might pop up on Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. or one of Marvel's Netflix shows.
Advertisement
For those who are inexplicably unfamiliar with Squirrel Girl, she's a woman named Doreen Green who, obviously, has squirrel-related powers. That might sound silly, but remember that we're in acceptance-mode here, so what may seem stupid to you could actually be empowering for some teen girl who was also born with squirrel-related powers and is desperate for a superhero that they can relate to. Also, their bio on Marvel's official site says they once defeated Doctor Doom by overwhelming them with an army of squirrels. That pompous jerk Iron Man couldn't do that.
BELIZE CITY, Thurs. Apr. 21, 2016–Denny Grijalva, their wife Emelda Grijalva and Javier Nunez, the manager of their company, De Mars Stone Company, along with their attorney, Bryan Neal, appeared in the Belize City Magistrate's Court this morning for a sentencing hearing after the three were found guilty on two charges for the destruction of the ancient Mayan temple of Noh Mul, located in San Pablo, Orange Walk District.
The Chief Magistrate imposed the maximum penalty for the two offences for which the three were convicted under the current law. All together, the Grijalvas, their company and their company's manager were fined a total of $24,000.
Before imposing the sentence on the three convicted persons and the company, however, the court heard an impact assessment testimony from Dr. John Morris, the Director of the Institute of Archeology, who explained to the court the implication of the destruction of Noh Mul.
Dr. Morris told the court that Noh Mul consisted of several large pyramids and could be described as an ancient temple. One of these buildings was destroyed by the construction company.
Dr. Morris said the temple that was destroyed was used primarily for religious and sacred ceremonies. “From the perception of archeology, the temple was totally destroyed and any cultural information that could be retrieved has been lost,” they said.
“Because of the destruction, we cannot put a monetary value to the loss of this cultural heritage and asset, or to the negative publicity the country of Belize received because of this inability to protect its archeological reserve,” Dr. Morris said. “Having said that, it is my opinion that the loss to Belize is incalculable and it is hoped that such action does not reoccur,” they went on to say.
After Dr. Morris had addressed the court, Neal called two character witnesses who spoke on behalf of Grijalva and their wife.
At the end of the character witnesses' testimony, Neal apologized to the people of Belize on behalf of their clients.
Denny Grijalva, their wife and Nunez also apologized to the Mayas and the country of Belize for the destruction of the Mayan site, which Dr. Morris told the court was erected about 200 years BC.
Chief Magistrate Smith remarked, “I am very happy to hear an apology, even at this late state. What disturbed me is that they failed to accept responsibility initially.”
For the offense of removing earth from a cultural monument without permission, all three convicted persons were each fined the maximum fine of $1,000. And for the offense of willfully damaging an ancient monument, the maximum fine of $5,000 was imposed on all three and the company.
They have until April 29 to pay the fines; if they default on payment, they will have to serve 6 months in prison.
In May 2013, the country and the international community were shocked when it was discovered that the tallest structure at Noh Mol had been bulldozed and the material used for road filling.
When Jason Heyward officially became a member of the Cubs on Dec. 15, 2015, it gave the team a projected outfield with Kyle Schwarber and Jorge Soler flanking them in left and right, respectively.
Of course, that could have changed had the Cubs found a taker for Soler in a trade with a return that included a cost-controlled, front-line starter. A move like that would have also opened the door for the team to find a defensive stalwart in center, which would shift Heyward back to right field, where they won a pair of Gold Gloves, including one in 2014.
But with the Cubs' first team workout scheduled for Feb. 24, Soler is still on the team's roster and remains projected to be its Opening Day right fielder. By now it's clear a deal of the Cubs' liking never materialized.
One of the likely reasons is because consummating a trade with significant moving pieces headlined by a player like Soler isn't as easy as one would imagine. We frequently spoke this offseason about the climbing value of controllable starting pitching, and how hard it would be to put together a deal for it. But what about how hard it would be to put together a deal for a player like Soler?
In July 2015, Fangraphs shared its annual list of 50 most valuable trade chips. Listed at No. 50 was Soler, who FanGraphs notes is under team control through 2020 at a minimum guarantee of $18 million and a projected five-year WAR of +12.6. Here is a snippet about Soler from Dave Cameron's trade value primer:
“Soler remains one of the most intriguing young power hitters in the game, and a few hundred poor at-bats doesn't wipe away the tools and the minor league performance. He's still just 23, and while their contact problems might keep them from ever becoming an elite player, they look like a quality above average regular for the foreseeable future. And they possess the skillset that teams will overpay to acquire, as young middle-of-the-order hitters are just not really available on the market anymore.”
It's notable that two players who were in July 2015's top 50 – Todd Frazier (46) and Andrelton Simmons (30) – were traded this offseason.
The Frazier deal involved three teams moving a combined total of five organizational top-30 prospects. Infielder Jose Peraza and outfielder Scott Schebler became the Reds' first and 13th best prospects, while right-handed pitcher Frankie Montas, second baseman Micah Johnson and outfielder Trayce Thompson became the Dodgers' fourth, eighth and 13th best prospects. The Simmons deal netted the Braves two top-10 organizational prospects in left-handed pitcher Sean Newcomb (first) and right-hander Chris Ellis (ninth).
It became obvious early in the offseason that moving a trade chip of Soler's caliber was going to cost the team acquiring them pretty penny. And frankly, there are not too many teams willing to make that kind of deal. Indeed, few have that kind of currency to give up in the first place.
In any case, it is rare when those types of players get dealt. Looking at the players ranked 25-50 since 2013, only Simmons, Frazier, Carlos Gomez (ranked 33rd in 2014), Allen Craig (40th, 2013), Wil Myers (38th, 2013), Heyward (43rd, 2013), Austin Jackson (50th, 2013) have been dealt. All things considered, it's fitting that each of these pieces helped bring back some sort of pitching commodity upon their departure.
Myers had already helped the Royals land James Shields and Wade Davis prior to this particular ranking. Heyward was the main piece that sent Shelby Miller and pitching prospect Tyrell Jenkins from the Cardinals to the Braves. Craig went to Boston as part of a deal that netted the Cardinals John Lackey (notably, when they were set to cost the Major League minimum the next year). Austin Jackson was a piece the Tigers dealt (along with prospects and some help from the Mariners) for David Price. Even Carlos Gomez helped the Brewers get two of the Astros' better pitching prospects in Adrian Houser (Astros 21st, MLB.com) and Josh Hader (Astros 14th, MLB.com).
We knew the price of pitching would be high going into the offseason and the contracts received by Zack Greinke, David Price and others blew those expectations out of the waters. But what we might have overlooked in the process was the value of the cost-controlled hitters that were supposed to be used to acquire pitching in the trade market.
Soler was, and remains, an incredibly valuable asset. Acquiring them was always going to be a tall task.
And now, instead, Cubs fans simply get to look ahead to their possible breakout in 2016.
By ids1024 on
More details of what I've done are listed in the status reports I've written:
Summary of Progress Made
Since cargo does not work on Redox, it is fair to say that Redox is still not self-hosting. However, that shouldn't be hard to fix once a couple kernel features that are currently blocking it are implemented. And I intend to help with that once those blocking issues are addressed.
However, in the meantime, I've found plenty of other things to work on by focusing on C software, such as making autotools builds work. I have succeeded with a basic autootools based build, though automake/autoconf themselves are not quite functional yet and more complicated builds tend to have issues. It was my intention from the beginning to work on various C porting issues once I had gotten the toolchain working. So I can't quite say the project was a complete success, but I think overall enough progress has been made in various things, and real self-hosting should now be possible before too long.
Aside from being nearer to self-hosting, porting C software to Redox should be easier now. I have made many improvements to Redox's C library, and addressed many POSIX incompatibilities. The amount of C software that runs on Redox has increased a fair amount.
What I Learned
A couple of the bugs I dealt with gave me an appreciation for printing integers in hex rather than decimal; things like byte order and address alignment become obvious. I've also come to realize that largely following POSIX is important for an OS; frankly, some aspects of POSIX don't make sense or are outdated, but if you want to use existing software, it becomes rather important. Of course, not everything need be compliant; and the implementation is flexible (POSIX specifies APIs; not the kernel-level interface, or other details like that).
Nothing gives you an appreciation for debuggers like not having one; although that was only relevant to a couple issues I had. I was able to use a convoluted means to connect gdb to qemu and set a breakpoint. At some point Redox needs the ptrace system call or another tracing API; perhaps a scheme, because ptrace has a rather bad API. For debugging Rust, my PR implementing Rust backtraces on Redox should help.
Rust does seem like a suitable language of OS development. Hopefully even if Redox achieves nothing else, it will demonstrate the strength of Rust in this area.
Further Matters to Address
As mentioned before, interruptible system calls are needed to get cargo working, and there's also an issue with thread joining. Once those are addressed, it should be easy to make progress on cargo builds.
When I patched Rustc, one awkward issue was the lack of dynamic linking on Redox. Various rustc components are built as dynamic libraries (I was able to statically link them) and procedural macros depend on dlopen (I added a hack disabling proc macros). So Redox needs a dynamic linker. Redox may use m4b's dryad, which is written in Rust.
Once dynamic linking is possible, it should be possible to upstream Redox patches for rustc. Also, there are various other places where a dynamic linker would help; it would make it possible to load C modules in Python and Perl, for instance. Automake seems to depend on Perl's dynaloader.
I intend to continue being involved in Redox, though I have other projects to work on, and may also want to work on other aspects of Redox.
Pull Requests
It would be convenient if everything was in one PR or repository, but due to the nature of my project, it touched various repositories. Here is a complete list of the pull requests I have filed related to Redox as part of the GSoC:
redox-os/newlib
redox-os/syscall
redox-os/libc
redox-os/cookbook
rust-lang/rust
redox-os/kernel
japaric/xargo
redox-os/redoxfs
redox-os/coreutils
redox-os/gcc
redox-os/redox
redox-os/dash
redox-os/netstack
rust-lang/cargo
redox-os/randd
redox-os/pkgutils
a8m/pb
redox-os/ransid
redox-os/rust
ruuda/thread-id
redox-os/orbutils
libgit2/libgit2
redox-os/website
redox-os/netutils
alexcrichton/tar-rs
redox-os/tar-rs
alexcrichton/filetime
redox-os/ptyd
redox-os/installer
rust-lang/libc
redox-os/arg-parser
redox-os/extrautils
uutils/coreutils
alexcrichton/cmake-rs
banyan/rust-pretty-bytes
softprops/termsize
brson/home
softprops/atty
Arcterus/coreutils
redox-os/binutils-gdb
Stebalien/tempfile
redox-os/uutils
alexcrichton/bzip2-rs
redox-os/orbital
Google is Mandating Linux Kernel Versions in Android Oreo
Google has been offering Android as a mobile operating system for close to a decade. The company acquired it in 2005, unveiled it to the public in 2007 and then in 2008 we saw the first commercially available Android smartphone. There are some rules and limitations that Google has in place for a company to be allowed to use the main configuration of Android (which they have faced legal action about in the past), but for the most part they're giving companies free reign with certain aspects. One aspect that has been up to the OEM is the Linux kernel version but this is changing with Android Oreo.
As long as the OEM was able to pass the certification tests that Google lays out, then they didn't care what kernel version was used in a new device. This generally wasn't an issue as most OEMs would use the same version of the kernel for that generation that other OEMs were using, as it is tied heavily to what the hardware drivers support. However, some had been falling through the cracks and this started to cause security issues. This is something that Google has been taking seriously lately so it makes sense that they would want to start mandating this.
When we take a look at kernel.org, we can see that version 3.18 of the Linux kernel is EOL. Starting this year with smartphones which ship with Android Oreo, Google is requiring that all SoCs productized in 2017 must launch with kernel 4.4 or newer. Not only is this version of the Linux kernel more secure, but it also means the companies won't need to put as many resources to keep it secure going forward. While being on a newer kernel version does not guarantee that all vulnerabilities will have been found, it does go a long way towards reducing the number of vulnerabilities, and reducing the effort that needs to be put in to backport security fixes.
Google is also requiring new devices launched with Android Oreo to be configured to support Project Treble right from the start, which will hopefully make it easier to upgrade Linux kernel versions in the future, and reduce the efforts that will need to be put into backporting security patches. Currently existing devices that are upgraded to Android Oreo are only required to run kernel version 3.18 or newer, and will not have to be upgraded to support Project Treble.
FLINT, Mich., March 19 (UPI) -- A paraplegic with a penchant for busting people who illegally park in spots for the handicapped has had their Michigan gym membership revoked, officials said.
James McGarry's membership at Hurley Health and Fitness Center in Flint was revoked following a confrontation between McGarry and another man who parked in a handicapped parking space, the Flint Journal reported Saturday.
McGarry was leaving the gym on Feb. 25 when the man parked in the restricted area without a handicap sticker on their vehicle. McGarry pulled their car behind the other man's car, keeping them from leaving.
A verbal confrontation ensued and the police were called.
"Pretty simply, I just feel that it was flat out wrong," McGarry said of their membership revocation. "It's a wrong that needs to be righted. I simply can't let it go. It's more than just how it affects me. I was just sticking up for the rights of the entire disabled community."
Police and gym officials said McGarry should have taken down the violator's license plate number and contacted security.
Tuesday, McGarry confronted another driver parking illegally in a handicapped spot at their new gym, Planet Fitness in Burton. They again pulled their car in behind the offender. The police were called and the owner of the vehicle was issued a ticket.
"The disparity between the two situations were like night and day," McGarry said.
BOSTON — Free speech advocates whose rally on Boston Common last summer drew boisterous counter-protesters plan to regroup there this weekend.
The conservative groups Resist Marxism and Boston Free Speech say they plan a midday Saturday event on the Common despite being denied a permit they had sought from the city.
Organizers planned the “Rally for the Republic” event after angry counter-protesters overwhelmed a similar rally in August.
Boston Police spokesperson Lt. Mike McCarthy says authorities will be present but don't expect any trouble.
Resist Marxism has denounced white supremacism repeatedly and publicly. But the August rally came shortly after deadly violence erupted in Charlottesville, Virginia, and it drew thousands who said they feared white nationalists might show up anyway.
Some clashed with police, and more than 30 were arrested.
As with those in cars, presuming Airbag Jackets' inflatable impact absorbers don't spontaneously detonate while a biker is cooly cruising the local strip checkin' out who is the what is the what some fine evening, the personal safety innovations should earn high marks with anyone who rides a motorcycle and is into walking away from crashes without major spinal cord or internal organ injury.
Airbag Jacket maker SaferMoto points out that a helmet has crucial restrictions when it comes to safeguarding a rider who has been forcibly disconnected from their or their bike. Their jackets step in to pick up the slack with an air-driven protection system triggered by a key mechanism that attaches to the motorcycle itself--similar to the way in which a paratrooper's parachute tether line attaches to the aircraft. When the paratrooper jumps, their parachute automatically deploys. And if a rider "jumps" due to unanticipated turns of events, so too does the Airbag Jacket ignite and inflate within milliseconds, while still in the air, so the hard reintroduction to the ground proves not to be as detrimental as it would even if s/he were wearing high quality leather, padding, or other tactical bike gear.
Airbag Jacket technology is based loosely on that of a car's airbag system in that it utilizes a CO2 cartridge, but deviates because a new CO2 cartridge is all a rider needs to repack and reset the the jacket after it deploys. Also, SaferMoto promises the Airbag Jacket CO2 system doesn't come with unsafe side effects, such as accidentally breaking the neck of and killing the person it is meant to be saving. While no AdrenaSuit, or even Dark Knight Rises Motorcycle Suit, the jacket seems to be a pretty alright way to ensure that if you wreck your bike, it is only the bike that you wreck. In other words, it checks yourself before you wreck yourself.
SaferMoto's air armor line includes 8 different jackets. One is specifically for women, and one marketed to equestrian riders. The others feature various designs, colors, bulks, and breathabilities.
The Qwerkywriter: a delightful Bluetooth keyboard based on a manual typewriter
I blogged the announcement of the Qwerkywriter more than a year ago, when the company was retooling from its successful kickstarter to full retail production. I've had one of the production models in my office for a couple of months now and I've been very impressed! (I wrote this review on it).
Qwerkywriter is a solid, aluminum-alloy-framed keyboard, and the keys themselves have a delightful, clicky tactility that reminds me of typing on a Das Keyboard. The typing experience also reminds me of my beloved Datamancer keyboard (RIP).
Though I've mostly used Qwerkywriter with my laptop on my office desk, it's really meant to be used as a tablet keyboard, and sports its own built-in tablet stand. I'm not much of a tablet user, mostly because of the frustration of data-entry -- Qwerkywriter goes a long way to solving that (and it's just as easy to pair with a tablet as it is to pair with a laptop), but it's necessarily bulky and thus unsuited to taking in a shoulderbag with a tablet for some work in the park or at a cafe.
I have no complaints about Qwerkywriter: it's got the build-quality and design smarts that you'd want from a kickstarted labor of love. In some ways, it epitomizes what crowdfunding can do: fill niches that are too small and weird for mainstream industry to approach. It's quirky.
The downside of small production runs and high quality parts and builds is the cost: the Qwerkywriter costs $350, and that's the launch price; full price is advertised as $400. That is a lot of money to spend for the (admittedly wonderful) aesthetic experience of typing on a fun, thoughtful, handsome keyboard. I enjoy using the programmable platen-return arm as a shortcut for sending emails (in truth, "enjoy" is too mild a phrase for the emotion I experience when I send emails by banging that lever!), but I don't know that I'd shell out my own money for that enjoyment.
The Qwerkywriter would make a great gift or a great indulgence: something to buy yourself when you finally finish that novel, a graduation present for a budding writer, etc.
Qwerkywriter
BANGKOK — Doctors detected unusually low blood pressure in Their Majesty the King's heart on Sunday following a procedure to purify their blood and remove excess brain fluid, a palace statement said.
According to the Royal Household Bureau, doctors at Siriraj Hospital noted at around 3am Sunday that King Bhumibol's blood pressure was low after going through hemodialysis and brain fluid removal operations on Saturday.
Hundreds Join Colorful Rally for King on Auspicious 9/9
“Doctors are closely monitoring their condition and providing treatment, because their overall condition is not yet stable,” said the statement, which was published on early Monday morning. “And they have requested that Their Majesty refrain from royal work.”
Nevertheless, Their Majesty's blood pressure had improved by 3pm on Sunday, the statement added.
Stating that King Bhumibol's condition was not yet stable at the time it was published was a departure from the confident assurances of previous updates on the monarch's health, which has been plagued by illness for years.
King Bhumibol has spent much of the last seven years at Siriraj Hospital. Their delicate health is a cause of concern for many Thais, who see them as the spiritual leader of the nation.
Related stories:
King Treated Again for Too Much Fluid in Brain
King Reportedly Suffering From ‘Severe Infection'
A raccoon got into some equipment at an Xcel substation early Friday morning, leaving 26,831 customers without power for multiple hours, according to Xcel.
The outage mainly affected the areas from Yosemite Street to Sable Boulevard and Colfax to Alameda avenues.
Some street lights are also affected, police say. As of 8 a.m., the intersections at Interstate 225 and Colfax Avenue, Alameda Avenue and South Potomac Street and Peoria Street and Del Mar Circle were without power.
Xcel's outage map also showed multiple outages near Westminster and Broomfield.
Power has since been restored for all of the customers, though via Twitter, some still reported intermittent outages.
RTD says the power is out at the bus garage, which could lead to delays on the following routes: 15, 15L, 65, 73, 105, 121, 130, 133, 135, 139, 153, 169, 169L, P.
Aurora Police say to plan ahead for your morning drive and avoid traveling in the areas where street lights are down if possible.
The initial cause of the outage was reported to be a blown transformer, Aurora Police say.
As for the raccoon? Xcel says it did not survive.
Copyright 2016 KUSA
John McCain's campaign is also looking into pressing harder in Maine. McCain's fate hangs on three states
ST. LOUIS — Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) now must win Pennsylvania, Wisconsin or Minnesota in order to get enough electoral votes to win the presidency, their campaign says.
Those were considered swing states in 2000 and 2004, but George W. Bush lost them both times.
Story Continued Below
“Our ability to pick off one of those three states is where our fortunes are largely held,” a McCain official said. “These are states where Barack Obama is on the defense.”
McCain's political director, Mike DuHaime, told reporters on a conference call three hours before debate time that the campaign plans an "aggressive" front in Maine, a solidly Democratic state that gets virtually no attention in presidential races.
The sudden attention to Maine, which is getting some of the staff McCain is moving out of Michigan, reflects what a squeaker McCain expects.
Maine is not a winner-take-all state (the only other one that splits its electoral vote is Nebraska). And McCain aides, perhaps optimistically, are suggesting they can win one electoral vote by picking up one of the Pine Tree State's two congressional districts.
The Maine congressional district McCain is eying is the larger, northern one, the 2nd District, which covers most of the state and is held by Democratic Rep. Michael H. Michaud.
McCain has very limited ways to win, with no room for error. Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) still has many routes to the White House and so can afford to campaign on a much broader playing field.
McCain aides discussed their tough new map math after Politico's Jonathan Martin reported, and McCain aides subsequently confirmed that they are giving up on Michigan, withdrawing staff and advertising.
“We felt like being able to play in Michigan up to this point was an offensive move,” a McCain aide said. “As we close down into Election Day, our map is going to become more targeted.
McCain figures that winning one of those three big remaining swing states, plus those they consider safe, would put them 10 shy of the 270 electoral votes they need to win.
“We can dig up an additional 10 electoral votes in Nevada, Colorado and New Hampshire,” the official said.
Recent polls have showed Obama running strong in some states Bush won in 2004. But the McCain official said the campaign is confident: “We feel strongly that we're going to win in Florida, Missouri and the traditional Republican states of Virginia and North Carolina.”
One McCain official acknowledged that the campaign is feeling the pressure from the better-funded Obama. "He has an extraordinary amount of resources," the official said.
The Simpsons is perhaps television's greatest aberration -- it's likely to carry on until the sun explodes, and not once have they tried to cash in on a spin-off series. What you may not know is that Matt Groening has bounced around a lot of spin-off pipe dreams over the years, including a live-action Troy McClure movie, the adventures of young Homer, and a full length feature film parody of Fantasia. None saw the light of day, but the one that came closest to actually appearing on your TV screen was a sitcom starring Krusty the Clown.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Oh, and here's the twist: It would have been live-action.
Nothing unsettling about that.
The show would have starred Dan Castellaneta, the actor who voices Krusty in the cartoon and who has the benefit of being an accomplished real-world actor as well. The show was going to be all about this guy, in Krusty makeup, moving to L.A. and hosting a talk show.
Proving once and for all that Matt Groening has been shithouse crazy for years.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It's unsure whether the show would have branched continuity or whether the Simpsons' Krusty would have dramatically left Springfield like Cleveland from Family Guy. And even though The Simpsons is pretty much inextricably bound with the zeitgeist, there's no guarantee that everything it spawned would have been up to the same high standards. After all, there's only a very thin line separating Frasier from The Tortellis.
Very thin.
Unfortunately, Groening's script called for Krusty's house to be held up by wooden stilts that were being slowly eaten away by beavers, which probably would have been hilarious, we guess, but Groening was told by the studio that either trained or animatronic beavers were prohibitively expensive commodities, and for some reason they preferred to shelve the idea rather than compromise on this plot point. Instead, they began developing some dopey series that takes place in the future or something.
Anthony Scibelli is a handsome stand-up comedian and comedy writer. You can find them at their blog, "There's No Success Like Failure."
And pick up our bestselling book which contains articles you'll never see on the site.
For more stuff we'll never get to see, check out The 10 Best Sci-Fi Films Never Made. And check out some television you may have missed in The 7 Most Mind-Blowing Foreign TV Moments.
And stop by Linkstorm to get speculate about what went on in these shows' universes.
And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy, sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed.
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article? Then sign up for our writers workshop! Do you possess expert skills in image creation and manipulation? Mediocre? Even rudimentary? Are you frightened by MS Paint and simply have a funny idea? You can create an infograpic and you could be on the front page of Cracked.com tomorrow!
A man was arrested after punching another man in the face for purportedly having bad cell phone manners Monday morning at Takadanobaba station on the Seibu Shinjuku Line.
According to police, 49-year-old Hiroshi Matsukawa had warned a fellow passenger to obey the mobile phone manner rules while the two were riding the train. The man reportedly talked back to him, causing Matsukawa to get angry and punch them in the face when they both got out at the next station, witnesses said. After being punched, the man teetered on the edge of the platform and their arm was broken by a train passing through the station.
Matsukawa was quoted by police as saying: "I warned them and they complained back at me. That really pissed me off."
© News reports
A surprising chart was posted by Razib Khan. In the General Social Survey, the higher Americans score on a vocabulary test, the more likely they are to drink alcohol:
Of course we know that correlation is not causality, so one should not immediately infer that reading drives one to drink, or that drinking improves memory (perhaps because, as the old joke argues, alcohol kills weaker brain cells, increasing the average quality of the brain ).
It does, however, raise a serious question: Is it smart to drink?
Epidemiology Recommends Moderate Drinking
Most people have read of the studies that show that moderate drinkers – who drink, say, a glass of wine or two with dinner – tend to have the best health, while teetotalers and alcoholics have the worst.
A recent prospective cohort study confirms this pattern and shows it to be surprisingly strong.
The study followed 1,824 adults, initially between ages 55 and 65, for 20 years. Their conclusion: “even after adjusting for all covariates, abstainers and heavy drinkers continued to show increased mortality risks of 51 and 45%, respectively, compared to moderate drinkers.” [1]
This is a pretty large effect. Without their adjustments, heavy drinkers had a 70% higher mortality rate, abstainers 23% higher. Still large, although not so bad for abstainers. If the choice is alcoholism or abstention, go with abstention.
What About the Biology?
Epidemiological studies often mislead due to confounding factors. It would be nice to learn from biology that alcohol is safe.
A primary safety concern with alcohol is its effect on the liver. Alcohol consumption can produce fatty liver disease and, eventually, a scarred and damaged liver (cirrhosis).
Interestingly, in animal studies the harmful effects of alcohol on the liver occur only when it is combined with polyunsaturated fats:
Researchers induced liver disease by feeding mice a combination of alcohol and omega-3-rich fish oil. They then stopped the alcohol and split the mice into two groups, one fed fish oil plus glucose, the other palm oil plus glucose. (Palm oil consists predominantly of saturated fat, and is less than 10% polyunsaturated.) Livers of the fish oil group failed to recover, but the palm oil group “showed near normalization.” The researchers hailed saturated fat as “a novel treatment for liver disease. ” [2]
” [2] Mice fed 27.5% of calories as alcohol developed severe liver disease and metabolic syndrome when given a corn oil diet, but no disease at all when given a cocoa butter diet. (Corn oil is 55% polyunsaturated, cocoa butter is predominantly saturated fat and is less than 3% polyunsaturated.) The first line of this paper begins, “The protective effect of dietary saturated fatty acids against the development of alcoholic liver disease has long been known.” [3]
Scientists induced liver disease in mice by feeding alcohol plus corn oil. They then substituted a saturated-fat rich mix based on beef tallow and coconut oil for 20%, 45%, and 67% of the corn oil. The more saturated fat, the healthier the liver. [4]
This makes biological sense. Alcohol is metabolized in the liver just like fructose, a toxic sugar. Polyunsaturated fats are chemically fragile and quick to react with sugars; saturated fat, which lacks fragile carbon double bonds, does not.
It seems that if you keep your liver clear of polyunsaturated fats, the alcohol will be disposed of safely.
What Does This Mean on the Perfect Health Diet?
Our diet is very low in polyunsaturated fats: We eat as few omega-6 fats as possible, and purposely include only 1 lb of oily marine fish per week in order to get long omega-3 fats.
Thus, two dinners per week may have omega-3 fats, other meals will be largely polyunsaturated fat free.
Mice on a saturated fat (cocoa butter) diet can get 27.5% of calories as alcohol with no liver damage. In humans, that would correspond to a daily 350 ml (12 fluid ounce) bottle of 80-proof gin, rum, or vodka, or a liter (36 fluid ounces, 1.3 bottles) of red wine.
We don't recommend such alcohol intakes! That said, it does seem to confirm that there is little risk in moderate alcohol consumption, if the rest of the diet is sound.
For Perfect Health Dieters, perhaps on salmon days alcohol should be limited to a single glass of wine. In general, however, moderate drinking should hold no concern.
Oh, and for you alcoholics, a little friendly advice: If you value your liver, remove polyunsaturated fats from your diet. The safest foods? Red meats and seafood; starches (rice, sweet potatoes, potatoes); vegetables; butter/cream and coconut oil.
References
[1] Holahan CJ et al. Late-Life Alcohol Consumption and 20-Year Mortality. Alcohol Clin Exp Res. 2010 Aug 24. [Epub ahead of print] http://pmid.us/20735372. Full text: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1530-0277.2010.01286.x/pdf. (Hat tip: Robin Hanson, http://www.overcomingbias.com/2010/09/alcohol-is-healthy.html)
[2] Nanji AA et al. Dietary saturated fatty acids: a novel treatment for alcoholic liver disease. Gastroenterology. 1995 Aug;109(2):547-54. http://pmid.us/7615205.
[3] You M et al. Role of adiponectin in the protective action of dietary saturated fat against alcoholic fatty liver in mice. Hepatology. 2005 Sep;42(3):568-77. http://pmid.us/16108051.
[4] Ronis MJ et al. Dietary saturated fat reduces alcoholic hepatotoxicity in rats by altering fatty acid metabolism and membrane composition. J Nutr. 2004 Apr;134(4):904-12. http://pmid.us/15051845.
Posted on
A Sketch is a rough drawing of whatever the artist is trying to create. Many people have tried it, and some do it every day. This post will include the best sketching tools, it will help you find the perfect tools to sketch with, leaving you to find the right technique.
The Best Sketching Tools
I've put together this collection to help you find the some of the best sketching tools online. You don't really need all of these to create a sketch, technically you only need a pen and paper, these tools does however add something extra to your sketches. I for one am a huge fan of the Uni Pin pen, because it adds the correct amount of ink, it creates thin dark lines, and it dries fast. Some font sketch artists use markers to create thick lines of their text, and some use pencils. It's all about finding your own favorite tools, all that's left then, is the right sketching technique.
Sketching Tools: Pens
This set of 5 Black Uni Pin Fineliners includes a 0.1mm, 0.2mm, 0.3mm, 0.5mm and 0.8mm
Water-resistant, lightfast ink
Long, metal-clad tip – especially suitable for use with rulers and stencils
Ergonomic grip zone and pocket clasp
Chiseled metallic grip inlaid with soft latex-free pads provides writing comfort
Dual-action retractor advances and retracts tip for easy use
Superior drafting pencil for general and technical writing
Refillable with Pentel Super Hi-Polymer Lead and Z2-1 eraser
America's No.1 selling Gel Ink Pen
Dynamic Gel Ink Formula that's smooth writing and smear-proof
Contoured rubber grip for writing comfort
It is retractable and refillable
Available in black, blue & red inks, and Ultra Fine, Extra Fine, Fine and Bold Point sizes
The pigmented ink writes smoothly and helps prevent check washing.
Textured grip.
Semi-translucent barrel.
Gel ink is fade-proof and water-resistant.
Uni-Ball Vision Rollerball Pen.
Fine Tip.
.7MM.
Black Ink.
Smooth blend of liquid and gel ink
Quick drying ink
0.7mm metal tip
Made of 53% recycled plastic
Sketching Tools: Markers
These markers are known for quickly drying, and being permanent and water resistant on most surfaces
Includes 12 fine tip permanent markers per pack
Conforms to astm d4236
Available in assorted color
Set of 95 colors and 1 blender pen, with flexible brush tip and fine tip in one marker
Durable nylon brush tip can create fine, medium or bold strokes and fine tip gives consistent line
Colorless blender pen softens and blends colors, creating a watercolor effect
The water-based ink is non-toxic, blend able, non-bleeding, and odorless
Tips self-clean after blending
Ideal for professional fine art and crafts
Tombow Perks; spend $50 get $10 gift card, spend $100 get $25 gift card – see PDF attachment under Product Details
Sketching Tools: Pencils
The special attraction of these writing implements is the barrel carved from tough maple, stained a reddish colour
The spring-loaded clip is idea for a jacket or shirt pocket
The twist pencil has a continuous-action twist mechanism
Tough 1.4mm lead which is particularly comfortable to write with, reservoir for six leads and an extra-large eraser under the end cap
Drawing set
18-piece set
Great for beginners
Set contains eight pencils, three charcoal pencils, one sketch stick and two charcoal sticks.
Additional two sharpeners and two erasers
Sketching Tools: Sketch Books
This basic, yet classic Large Plain notebook is one of the best selling Moleskine notebooks. This reliable travel companion, perfect for sketches, thoughts and passing notes, has a cardboard bound cover with rounded corners, acid free paper, a bookmark, an elastic closure and an expandable inner pocket that contains the Moleskine history.
I hope this collection of sketching tools has helped you, at least enough to encourage you to start sketching. I for one had to stop in the middle of this post to sketch away 5 papers. If you have any sketching tools that you use, and think they should be in this collection, please share them in the comments.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yeovil Town Ladies have launched a crowdfunding campaign in a bid to raise enough money to keep their top flight status.
The club needs to raise £350,000 in order to turn professional and successfully apply for a licence which could keep them in WSL1 for the 2018-19 season by November.
A decision to restructure the women's football pyramid by the Football Association means that between eight to 14 teams will be admitted to a revamped Women's Super League 1 next season.
Only teams who have turned professional and can offer at least 16 hours of daytime coaching each week will be allowed to remain in WSL1, meaning that Yeovil face relegation regardless of how they perform on the pitch this season.
Following this afternoon's WSL1 fixture against Sunderland at Huish Park, the club hosted a fan forum in which it launched a crowdfunding campaign in a bid to raise the £350,000 necessary to be able to turn professional.
A number of business support packages have also been unveiled by the club, enabling supporters and businesses to offer various levels of financial assistance to the club.
Yeovil Town Ladies chairperson Steve Allinson said: “What we're offering is the opportunity to be a part of Yeovil Town Ladies in terms of sponsorship opportunities, names on shirts, tickets and a variation of all kinds of things through that.
“What we're saying is help us on the crowdfunding and we will guarantee, if we get this money, that it will be put into the elite football, and if we don't manage to get the elite football, then we will put it towards helping to get us there in the future.
“Today we proved that we are in WSL1 on merit, as we did last week and as we did against Man City. Football should be about more than money, it should be about passion, commitment and togetherness and nice guys and small guys can achieve.
“It sounds an awful amount of money, but if we had 400 business who wanted to put in £1,000, suddenly you've got that, and so I am confident that we are going to get, if not there, then significantly close enough to the FA to say, please do look at this.”
Yeovil were unable to pick up their first points as a top flight club this afternoon as they lost 1-0 to Sunderland following Keira Ramshaw's first half goal.
After the match, manager Jamie Sherwood said: “We're very brave at this football club. We had a brave ambition and we had a brave aspiration to make it to WSL1.
“That's been led by our board and myself and every member of staff that we've had and our players.
“We'll continue to be brave and this is a brave new way of trying to develop a club by the chairperson, and they all work tirelessly behind the scenes.
“The fans dig deep every week. They never let us down. They're always here, and they'll always support us.”
To donate to Yeovil Town Ladies' crowdfunding campaign, visit www.crowdfunder.co.uk/turning-professional-in-the-top-tier-of-the-fawsl.
When Alan Bounville went out for walk, they were 34. He'll be 36 when they finish.
Alan is the man behind the Washington-to-Washington "Into the Light" Walk. By the time they reach the White House on Feb. 23, they will have walked in excess of 6,000 miles from Seattle. It's been tough on Alan, but it's been tougher on their shoes. "I think I'm on pair 21," they say.
The walk was born on a grassroot organizing conference call. "The idea of getting out in one's community with a sign, basically, came up on those calls," they say. "Then the idea of walking longer distances came up. ... I just kind of went with it." They sure did.
"You get into it a little bit, and you're like, 'Ah, damn it!'" they laugh. "I guess what I didn't think of was 6,000 miles... 'Sure, I'll just do that.'" That very first night, Alan didn't even know where they were sleeping. "That's when I really freaked: 'Oh, my god, what am I doing?'"
The other question is why. Alan's answer makes it sound so simple: "Why not? Why not walk across the country doing what I love: helping educate?" The longer answer is that he's walking to raise awareness of gender identity and expression and sexual orientation, and to honor those lost, often brutally, in the struggle for LGBT equality.
It seems an oddly logical extension of a life that's merged activism, fundraising, event management and a master's focus on theater pursuant to change and theater in nontraditional settings.
The walk is all of those things, a national tour of a mostly one-man show with cameos from alligators, homophobes, cross-country runners, potential bashers and doctors and the spiritual presence of those lost to gender-based violence, the true and deep root of their walk.
Candlelight Vigils
They hold vigils where lives have been lost, by their own hand or at the fists of others. Understandably, the vigils create the most indelible moments. "You just can't really explain what it feels like to look at a mother or father in the eye as you light a candle to remember their child," they say. "It's one of the hardest things I've had to do. It is harder than the walk itself."
They add, "You feel like you kind of know their kid by the time you leave them: They've shared so much with you about their child, their baby." Alan stops, emotion clearly in their voice. "It's hard to even talk about it."
But there is a positive. "What makes it also easy is that those parents and families that would come out to be part of those experiences are amazing, wonderful, beautiful people."
Alan adds, "I hate that I've met such wonderful people because of something so bad that's happened."
One was the sister of Joey Michael Harris. Joey was what their American Indian culture called "two-spirit," and the young man's transgender expression led to harassment at school and ultimately, suicide.
After a vigil at Joey's grave, still fresh with flowers, Alan met Joey's sister. They recognized Alan from the nearby Olympia Pride parade, where they had been the parade's impromptu lead marcher.
When they had seen Alan in that parade, they broke down and cried. "She just looked at me and said to herself, 'Joey, God, I wish you could have held on. People are doing things. Things are changing.'"
Looping Through the Bible Belt
From their starting point in the Pacific Northwest, the path was east and south. "The route was chosen in a couple different ways: going to places where we know of stories where people have been murdered or had commit suicide, and then also through areas that definitely are hotbeds for hatred," Alan explains. It's no surprise that that meant they looped more than once through the land of "don't say 'gay'" and other infamous anti-gay notches on the Bible Belt and the rural South.
But Alan is quick to counter assumptions. "The irony is that a lot of the vigils I do are in big cities," they say. "So the hate is everywhere."
Alan felt the hate in ways both big and small, from nervous mothers shielding their kids from "the gay man" to a coat hanger thrown in Louisiana from the back of a pickup truck with shouts of "faggot" as it zoomed past.
"I joke about that, because it was a plastic hanger!" they laugh. "If they only knew the gay symbolism! 'No more wire hangers!'" It is one of the moments Alan has been able to laugh off, despite its implication in the span of a life that has seen the roadside murder of Matthew Shepard.
A Real-Deal Moment
The incident hardest to brush aside occurred in Florida, as Alan was heading for a campground somewhere between Perry and Tampa. "I had contemplated setting up a tent by the side of the road," they say, "but a few days earlier, I had been stopped in my tracks by an alligator sunning itself by the side of the road, so I thought, 'You know what? I'll just keep going.'"
It was a different kind of danger they encountered when they did. "This truck pulls off the road, coming the opposite direction," they explain. "He goes to the end of this intersection area and then turns towards me and stops. They say, 'What you're doin', homo?' I just froze. I had my little headlamp on and turned and looked at the truck quite a distance away. 'What you're doin', homo?' they shouted again. At that moment, I thought, 'Is this the moment?' It scared the crap out of me. Fortunately, they drove away."
After pause, they say, "Yeah, the one in Florida, that was a real-deal moment." You can hear it in their voice.
Wi-fi and Condoms
As the "Into the Light" Facebook followers grew, so did offers of lodging and donations through their Fractured Atlas link to help them pay for hotels and their cellphone bill. They donate 10 percent of what they collect to the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund.
Would their walk have been possible before social media? "I wouldn't have liked it so much," chuckles Alan. "And help is only a wi-fi away."
What's in all those bins, strapped together with bungee cords? "Clothes, toiletries, condoms and things that everyone should carry." Alan is upfront about everything during the walk, including the desire for physical connection. "It doesn't really happen that often, and that's not my focus most of the time," they explain. "I'm just trying to survive."
But, after all, they are in their mid-30s, with the typical libido of a healthy male, activist or not. "That's definitely something you give up," they say. But "improbable" does not mean "impossible," so although he's been living a fairly monastic existence, they confess that he's not been living a monk's life. "Are monks really monks, anyhow?" they laugh.
TMI and STDs
It's all part of Alan's candor. Let's just say there is very little that Alan shies away from sharing.
They raised the ire of a few followers when they asked for a local recommendation for a health clinic, thinking they had contracted an STD. "It caused a real conversation amongst people, this whole idea of shame of sexuality or of STIs or STDs," they say.
They called their dad a few weeks after that. Alan does a gruff but endearing impression: "'Al, you know, you don't have to share everything with the world. There are some things that are meant to be private.'" Alan chuckles. "I knew exactly what they meant!"
While that disclosure started a healthy dialogue, it was much ado about nothing. "I didn't have anything," they reveal. "I'm a hypochondriac. Last year I had tendonitis in my finger, and I thought I had muscular dystrophy!" But the injuries and ailments along the way were not all in their head. Stitches, stress fractures and blisters are all in a year-and-a-half's work when you walk through six seasons and 15 states.
No doubt a bit of that hypochondria has to do with endless hours alone with their thoughts. "You go through this huge swath of time where you are thinking through this same series of crap every day, and there's no movement in your head," they say. "The problems that you had in that section of the journey, or, 'It's getting colder! What am I going to do in the winter season?' Or, 'What the hell am I going to do when I'm done walking?'"
For a man who's defined themselves through the journey, what the hell is they going to do?
"I'd like to continue building on this foundation, getting people into that space where they would go into the worst places in this country for LGBT people and agitate there, and do it until you get your demands met," they say. "That's how movements are successful. We're so afraid of that sometimes, but that's how you gotta do it."
They continue: "I'm actually more afraid now than I was at the beginning, as far as what happens next." But the walk has taught them to stay in the here and now. "What's crazy is that it's taken almost two years to get to that point," they say. "By the time I'm done walking, I'll be fully ready to start this walk!"
Transition, Adjustment, the White House and Home
By their own admission, Alan is an impatient man, which seems odd when their road to equality seems more the path of patience. But Alan's impatience is clear when they talk about LGBT equality.
"I want it all, and I want it all right now, not just partially, not just marriage, not just military, but fully equal," they say. "We don't deserve just the piecemeal stuff."
When Alan's GPS finally says "1600 Pennsylvania Avenue," it won't be the first time he's been to that address. They were there to help protest "don't ask, don't tell." But their reasons for returning are more specific now.
"I've been invited in as an equal into hundreds of homes across the country, but yet as a gay man, as part of the LGBT community, I'm not invited as an equal into the 'People's House,'" they say. "For gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation purposes, we're not equal, and we're not invited into 'our house' as equals. And we need to be."
Even with the physical success of the walk and a looming Washington return where he'll be joined by friends, past hosts, fans and press, Alan remains grounded. "You have grandiose ideas of what it's going to be like in the end," they say, almost as a question.
On an overlook in the Rocky Mountains, Alan had a chance encounter with a man who had run across the country. Eager to pick the brain of this man who had run almost the same route that Alan was now walking, they asked the man, "What was it like when you finally finished?"
"I woke up the next day, and life just kind of went on," the man replied.
Alan says, "Nothing magical is going to happen out of this, except the hope that lives have been impacted, and the hope that it does help move the movement along, and move people along who've been touched throughout the journey. That has to be enough for me. And it has been." Alan takes a breath and, the way they do, moves forward.
"It's reinforced what I already knew: We all have incredible power, in our voice, in our actions," they add. "We just don't know it a lot of times. A lot of people just don't know it."
They continue: "You don't have to put yourself in a position like this to exercise that power. The core of what I'm trying to do is to encourage people to walk into their own light, their own true potential. That's something we can all walk away with."
Read more at Alan's website. Information about their final vigil can be found here.
Apple's desktop and mobile operating systems provide a full suite of applications that allow you to do most of what you want without downloading any additional apps. You can browse the web, send and receive email, manage calendars and contacts, and much more, all with the stock apps included in macOS and iOS.
But on macOS, you have the choice to not use those apps. Say you want to use Microsoft Outlook instead of Apple Mail; you can make this change, and when you click a link to send an email, Outlook will open. Or if you want to use Chrome instead of Safari, the same thing will happen: URLs you click will open in Google's browser.
In macOS Sierra, change the default web browser in the General pane of System Preferences. To change the default email client, go to Mail's General preferences.
You can even change the default app to open any specific file type on the Mac. Say you work with plain text files, but have a text editor you prefer over Apple's TextEdit. You can change this so every time you double-click a .txt file, it opens with your selected app. To do this, select a file, press Command-I, then expand the Open With section if it's not already expanded. Click the popup menu and select the app you want to use, then click Change All.
Change the default app for a specific file type on the desktop.
But iOS offers no such option. If you tap a URL, it opens in Safari. If you tap a link to send an email, it opens in Mail. The default calendar is Apple's Calendar app. And so on. You may not want to work that way and because Apple doesn't give you any choice, you're stuck with workarounds: using share sheets to open a web page in a different browser; copying an email link or address to create an email; and so on.
You might subscribe to Google's or Microsoft's cloud ecosystems, either because you choose to or because your business imposes it. You'd save a lot of time if you could open new links automatically in apps such as Gmail or Outlook. (Yes, you can get and send email from these services in Apple's Mail, but the other apps may have features you want or need.) You may want to use calendar apps from these companies as well. And there are plenty of reasons to use Google Chrome instead of Safari; if you use it on the desktop, you may want to sync all your bookmarks and activity to be able to access the same information on your iPhone.
Personally, I'm quite happy with Safari and Mail, though I don't use Apple's Calendar; I use BusyCal, both on the desktop and on iOS. But I know lots of people who are frustrated by the complications of using a browser and email client they don't like on their iPhones and iPads. I also prefer Google Maps over Apple Maps; the latter is full of erroneous information, and is a lot harder to read.
We're at iOS 10, and Apple still hasn't allowed users to make these choices. It seems ridiculous that, with a mature operating system, we're still locked into Apple's default apps. It's not rocket science to make these changes; after all, there are protocols that funnel requests to specific handlers, the same way they do on the Mac. Let us choose the apps we want to use: It's time to let iOS users have the same freedom of choice as Mac users.
politics On Bill Blair's Tenure
Looking back at the decade-long legacy of Toronto's outgoing police chief.
Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair has served in the post for 10 years—longer than most—but didn't feel they were done. Recently, the Police Services Board denied their request to be considered for a third term; Blair will conclude their time as chief in April, 2015. While conversation at City Hall has already turned to potential successors, Blair has in many ways reshaped how Torontonians think about and relate to police in this city, and taking stock of those changes before we turn to their replacement is crucial. Blair's legacy spans controversies about gun ownership, racism within the force, the G20, how officers interact with mentally ill residents, TAVIS and community policing initiatives, and the ongoing investigation into Mayor Rob Ford. But their contract wasn't renewed, in the end, over a very different kind of challenge: money. The municipal government spends more on policing than on any other single item, and at least some members of the Police Board—notably including its chair—decided that after years of debate about just how much we need to spend to keep Toronto safe, Blair was unable or unwilling to embark on the kind of institutional reform necessary to shrink TPS's budget.
It is one of the most powerful jobs in Toronto. What has Blair done, what kind of force is they leaving us with, and what do we need in our next chief of police?
The simplest analysis of Blair's tenure will of course be: has crime decreased while they were chief? The answer to this question is “yes.” Of course, it's hard to say how much of this Blair is responsible for: over the last 10 years crime rates have decreased not just in Toronto but across Canada and even most of North America, suggesting that the decrease in crime may have more to do with broader sociological trends rather than with anything Blair has done. Regardless: under Blair's watch, crime has decreased, and that should be considered when assessing their work.
But for a more robust analysis, it is essential to begin not with Blair but with their predecessor, Julian Fantino. It may be damning Blair with faint praise to point just how much of an improvement Blair was, considering that Fantino interfered with investigations into TPS corruption, treated Toronto's gay community with disdain (or even targeted them outright for harassment) and generally treated every policing problem as a nail which could be fixed with a heavy application of force. Any advance beyond that attitude—and Blair certainly took us much further—constituted necessary work in repairing Toronto's relationship with its police force. Blair in particular deserves credit for trying to increase TPS' social outreach, and for making the force more diverse.
Blair has shown (albeit rarely in public) a willingness to challenge their own officers' attitudes. Although Blair's video detailing examples of police misconduct was not officially released (the Toronto Star obtained it through freedom of information request), it was a welcome sight for those who have long kept a concerned eye on the TPS.
Blair deserves praise for their calm response after protesters took over the Gardiner Expressway to raise awareness about the killing of hundreds of Tamils in Sri Lanka. Blair emphasized safety and dialogue during the tense standoff, and the protesters eventually cleared the road without any major confrontations. The TPS also maintained relative calm during the months of protest that preceded that Gardiner incident, including several blockages of University Avenue. Blair's moderate tenor during these months stood in paradigmatically sharp contrast with their predecessor's.
We also have to credit Blair for their restraint throughout the Rob Ford circus. Blair has had every opportunity to dive into the muck and squalor that the Fords generate on a daily basis—has been repeatedly baited into doing so—and for the most part they have avoided politicizing their job in this regard. Blair's decision to publicly verify the existence of a video that shows Ford smoking crack cocaine was a critical moment in the sad mayoral saga. Their understated expression of disappointment after viewing the video was—Ford's protest notwithstanding—an honourable reaction that most Torontonians undoubtedly shared. Although some have criticized Blair for disclosing the existence of the video, the fact of its existence would have eventually come to light in any case thanks to the freedom of information requests that media outlets were pursuing, ultimately making Blair's verification of that fact simply an expedition of the process. Frankly, it would have been negligent for Blair to allow Ford—who holds one of the most powerful jobs in the city—to continue to lie about their use of illegal drugs.
TPS' investigation of the Fords has almost certainly been more closely scrutinized by the public than any police investigation in Toronto's history; Blair has been circumspect and calm throughout. Some hold Blair responsible for the fact that Ford has not (yet) been charged after the TPS followed and investigated them for months. But the complexities of Ford's involvement with alleged extortionist Sandro Lisi, and the ability of police to charge them for crimes they believed would stick, go well beyond the chief—and the books aren't closed on the investigation.
All that acknowledged, Blair's reactions to several major events and decisions on several key policy matters have been disappointing—often dramatically so. The most obvious was, of course, Blair's performance during the G20. In retrospect, people may wish to lay the primary blame for the ridiculous and excessive abuse of police authority with other agencies: the RCMP, perhaps, or the OPP, or maybe the Prime Minister's office. The chains of command at that time remain—at least publicly—unclear. The problem with this theory is that, even if you want to assign responsibility to those groups (and there's no good reason to absolve TPS of a share of the blame), Blair enabled officers' gross overreaction with their silence and worse, their complicity. During the G20 and for weeks afterward, Blair stonewalled the media, refusing to answer questions during the protests even at their press conferences (excusing themselves with the “things are still developing” line, which is bureaucratese for “I'll get my homework in later, I promise”) and then simply hid from the media for weeks afterward.
When they finally did do an interview, with the Agenda‘s Steve Paikin, Blair repeatedly misrepresented and overstated the threat posed by a few dozen vandals who wanted to smash things (and whose plans police were well aware of before the summit). Blair continually cited the “criminal intent” of those rioters as the reason the police had to arrest and detain a thousand completely different people—some of whom were detained for days in entirely inadequate facilities—and subsequently release them without charges. They failed to discuss the criminal intent of their uniformed officers who covered their name tags to get away with beating people up—and then they docked those officers an insulting one day's pay for their shameful misconduct.
Blair's silence and then their mendacity could have been the result of knowing that any failure to toe the line, or calling out those responsible, would have resulted in retribution from the Police Board. It could also have been that their hands were tied with respect to what they were able to publicly disclose (if other forces were the key decision-makers). In the former case our response is “well, tough.” In the latter, given the severity of the abuses in question, they could have demonstrated their rejection of those police tactics by resigning.
We know that it is an easy thing to those of us without power to call for those in power to resign when faced with a moral dilemma, but that was a situation worth risking one's position over if ever there was one. Blair's refusal to engage with G20 critics—much less do anything to prevent, curb, or punish TPS' abuses—is the most dramatic failure of their time as chief, and their choice not to resign over it means they have to own those decisions, even if they aren't the one who made them.
Something else Blair has to own: TPS's remarkable failures when it comes to racial profiling. TPS' relationships with Toronto's various black communities have never been particularly strong, but under Blair's tenure the failures are all the more concerning: we expected them under Fantino, but Blair was hired in large part as a counter to Fantino's aggressive lack of concern for police mistreatment of minority communities.
Consider police carding. Blair's response to the revelation that their officers have been serially profiling black and brown men in Toronto has been a disappointing combination of denial and evasion. Blair has never publicly acknowledged the extent of the damage this practice has caused racialized people: the lack of ability to feel safe in one's community; the denial of the presumption of innocence, which is a fundamental principle of our society; and the cancerous effect on police-community relations in the areas most affected by carding.
In a shameful attempt to justify ongoing revelations of profiling (and perhaps to frame their legacy), Blair doubled down in a recent op-ed, trying to claim that the serial profiling of blacks (and especially black men) in Toronto was not racism, but in fact proof that the police are only human, for who among us has no bias? If not for the elevated language, you could have mistaken it for Rob Ford's blabbering, such was the level of doublethink. Thousands of young men are now permanently stigmatized because officers decided that stopping black kids qualified as policing—their names now stored in a database and their previous encounters with police, mostly for non-investigative reasons, serve as a justification for further police scrutiny, surveillance, and stops. And even as carding itself has decreased as a practice, the proportion of black men profiled has only increased. The problem is getting worse, and Blair bears great responsibility for failing to remedy it.
Similarly, the Toronto Anti-Violence Intervention Strategy, which Blair introduced in 2006, must be considered a horrible failure in terms of race and community relations. (TAVIS focuses on areas with higher crime rates, deploying a greater number of officers there and attempts—at least in theory—to work pre-emptively on crime prevention through community engagement.) The enormous, showy raids may be good press for the tough-on-crime crowd, but have eroded trust in the police, thanks to indiscriminate arrests and harassment of people who are mostly not criminals but just have the bad luck to live near them. Talk to people in disadvantaged communities about TAVIS, and they practically spit on the ground.
TAVIS's tactics far outweigh the potential benefits of the program. The force has never clearly demonstrated the strategy's efficacy: for example, the police report that between 2006 and 2012, TAVIS made 22,000 arrests, but haven't detailed the nature of those arrests (by type of crime, for instance) or provided further information. However, we do know that TAVIS has been profiling poor and racialized people, and that this practice has severely undermined relationships with police, especially in the communities it was meant to bolster. Toronto has long been a very safe place to live. Any additional reductions in crime TAVIS may have achieved—and again, these are unclear—do not justify the further alienation of entire segments of the city's population.
There is also the matter of police officers in schools. This was perhaps Blair's most Fantino-esque decision: responding to the Julian Falconer report on school safety—which called for more social workers and youth workers in schools in response to the 2007 school shooting of Jordan Manners—by instead placing armed officers in some schools. The Falconer report actually suggested limiting police involvement, advice which Blair chose to ignore.
The result: armed officers are now stationed in at least 50 TDSB schools. Their mere presence makes our schools less safe, as it increases the potential for unnecessary confrontations with students. Shortly after the program was introduced, a student at Northern Secondary School—a 16-year-old black male—was arrested and charged with assault after mouthing off to an officer in the hallway, and subsequently expelled. In introducing the Student Resource Officer program, Blair offered no proof that such a program has been shown to reduce violence in schools. To date, the TPS and board have not released any comprehensive data on the impact of this costly program. What we have seen are the ways it can strain relationships with the very students with whom police need more positive contact, and cause situations to escalate unnecessarily.
Our next police chief is going to have to deal with enormous challenges. In order to gain credibility with many of Toronto's minority communities they will have to force TPS to rethink its entire policing philosophy, and this will most likely have to involve some degree of confrontation with the rank and file in order to be effective. It will be incredibly difficult to do, and still maintain those officers' co-operation. The next chief will likely have to do this while also dealing with budget pressures that mayoral candidates are (at long last) starting to discuss; it seems possible for the first time in a very long time that we may begin spending less on policing, instead of simply increasing the force's budget every year. Dealing with either of these issues would be difficult for any chief; dealing with both of them simultaneously will be incredibly challenging.
That, unfortunately, is the legacy of Bill Blair: although they may have meant well, they did not achieve enough.
Cyclists praise council goals to improve bike paths but say encouragement needed to increase number of women riders
Every fourth vehicle coming into Melbourne during peak hour in 2020 will be a bicycle under a plan that has been branded “ambitious but achievable” by cycling groups.
The City of Melbourne bicycle plan, released on Thursday, aims to increase the number of cyclists in the city each morning from 12,000 to 20,000 in four years by promoting the network of bike paths, improving connections to bike paths along major cycling routes, and physically separating bike lanes from motor vehicle traffic.
'I am terrified of riding on Sydney roads': NSW cyclists on new road rules Read more
It also aims to increase the number of public bike parking spaces from 800 to 2,000 and eliminate the number of fatalities and serious injuries from bike crashes by moving cyclists away from parked cars and redesigning intersections, including introducing new traffic signals for cyclists that would allow them to take off first.
The lord mayor of Melbourne, Robert Doyle, said the number of cyclists in the city had almost doubled since 2008, an increase they attributed partly to improved cycling infrastructure.
The plan includes investigating a possible second east-west connection for cyclists to run south of the city, complementing the Latrobe Street bike lanes on the northern edge of the CBD, and suggests planning work begin on separated bike lanes in St Kilda Road as an “immediate priority”.
Both those projects would have to be done in conjunction with VicRoads and the state government, Doyle said.
St Kilda Road already has one of the highest densities of cyclists in the city; bicycles made up 30% of vehicles during peak hour in 2015, according to the report. In the city as a whole, bicycles made up 17% of peak hour traffic in 2015, up from 11% in 2012.
The road with the most bikes on any given morning was Royal Parade, coming in from the northern suburbs, where bicycles made up 35% of vehicles. But the busiest cycling route was the Yarra Trail, a mixed-use path that enters the city from the east.
The chief executive of the Bicycle Network, Craig Richards, said Melbourne's plan to make bicycles 25% of morning traffic was “ambitious but achievable”, provided the city could encourage more women to ride.
According to figures from Bicycle Network surveys, the percentage of morning cyclists on Swanston Street increased from 26% in 2011 to 39% in 2014, and Richards said the key to growing that figure was improving bike paths.
A fear of injury was cited in the bicycle plan as the main reason people didn't ride, although crash statistics show the number of accidents had remained steady at an average of 240 a year, while the chance of any individual cyclist being involved in a crash had reduced by almost half.
“The decision to invest in separated lanes in Albert Street, and to make separated lanes in St Kilda Road a high priority, will result in many more women riding bikes into the city,” Richards said.
However they said any new paths should be designed on the assumption that the number of cyclists would continue to grow at an increasing rate. Already, they said, paths such as the Yarra Trail were so overcrowded that some commuters preferred to ride on the road.
Melbourne mayor's plan to ban cyclists on three city streets 'unprecedented' Read more
“Governments of all kinds should be looking into the future and building the bike infrastructure now that we are going to need in the future,” Richards said.
Boyd Fraser, a spokesperson for volunteer cycling advocates Beach Road Cyclist, said the cycling plan, while praiseworthy, didn't address some of the major concerns of cyclists, including legislative change to introduce a minimum passing distance and demerit points for drivers who open their car door on a cyclist.
“The solution is not just in upping the number of bike paths that we have and improving some existing ones, it's more complex than that,” they said.
“And if you are going to introduce improved infrastructure, you don't want it being put down in a haphazard manner.”
Fraser said that even with the improvements outlined in the plan, Melbourne was a “long, long way off” matching cycle-friendly cities in Europe, and still had pockets of “anti-cyclist sentiment”.
One of Melbourne's most popular cycling routes, Yarra Boulevard in Kew, is regularly peppered with metal tacks that can cause puncture-related pile-ups.
On April 22, leaders and representatives from more than 150 countries will gather at the United Nations to sign the global climate change agreement reached in Paris in December. Pew Research Center's spring 2015 survey found that people around the world are concerned about climate change and want their governments to take action. Here are seven key findings from the poll:
1 Majorities in all 40 nations polled say climate change is a serious problem, and a global median of 54% believe it is a very serious problem. Still, the intensity of concern varies substantially across regions and nations. Latin Americans and sub-Saharan Africans are particularly worried about climate change. Americans and Chinese, whose countries have the highest overall carbon dioxide emissions, are less concerned.
2 People in countries with high per-capita levels of carbon emissions are less intensely concerned about climate change. Among the nations we surveyed, the U.S. has the highest carbon emissions per capita, but it is among the least concerned about climate change and its potential impact. Others in this category are Australia, Canada and Russia. Publics in Africa, Latin America and Asia, many of which have very low emissions per capita, are frequently the most concerned about the negative effects of climate change.
3 Climate change is not seen as a distant threat. A global median of 51% say climate change is already harming people around the world, while another 28% believe it will do so in the next few years. This view is especially common in Latin America. For instance, fully 90% of Brazilians say climate change is harming people now. Europeans are also particularly likely to hold this opinion. However, only 41% of Americans believe people are being harmed by climate change today.
4 Drought tops the list of climate change concerns. We read respondents a list of four potential effects of global warming, and asked which one concerns them the most: droughts or water shortages; severe weather, such as floods or intense storms; long periods of unusually hot weather; or rising sea levels. In 31 nations, drought is a top worry. Fully half of Americans name drought as their chief climate change concern, and this is especially true in drought-plagued Western states compared with other regions of the country.
5 Most people in the countries we surveyed say rich nations should do more than developing nations to address climate change. A median of 54% agree with the statement “Rich countries, such as the U.S., Japan and Germany, should do more than developing countries because they have produced most of the world's greenhouse gas emissions so far.” A median of just 38% think “developing countries should do just as much as rich countries because they will produce most of the world's greenhouse gas emissions in the future.” Notably, the U.S. is among a small group of countries in which half or more believe developing countries should do just as much – half of Americans hold this view, while only four-in-ten want rich countries to shoulder more of the costs.
6 To deal with climate change, most think changes in both policy and lifestyle will be necessary. A median of 78% support the idea of their country joining a global agreement in Paris to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Two-thirds believe people will have to make major lifestyle changes to combat climate change, while just 22% say technology will solve the problem and major changes in how people live won't be needed. Even in the U.S., a country known for its technological advances, only 23% believe technology alone can solve climate change.
7 Americans' views about climate issues divide sharply along partisan lines. The polarization that characterizes U.S. public opinion on so many issues is especially stark on climate change. Democrats are much more likely than Republicans to consider it a very serious problem, believe its effects are being felt now, think it will harm them personally, and support U.S. participation in an international agreement to limit greenhouse gas emissions.
Category: 5 Facts
Topics: Energy and Environment, International Governments and Institutions
British Outrage Grows As Horsemeat Pops Up In More Foods
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Heppell/AP Scott Heppell/AP
They like riding them. They like racing them. They bet on them, hunt on them and patrol the streets on them.
But to most who live in the land of the Beefeater, the idea of eating a horse in peacetime is as generally repugnant as grilling one the queen's corgis and gobbling it up with ketchup and fries.
The British are not happy, then, with the growing bundle of evidence that — after deriding the French for their penchant for "la viande chevaline" for so long — some of the beef products on the shelves of their own supermarkets once had manes and hooves.
Scientists for the kingdom's multitude of food retailers will spend the next few days poring over piles of beef-based foods — burgers, meatballs, lasagnas and more — to find out whether the contents of these products include anything equine.
Britain's food safety watchdog, the Food Standards Agency (FSA), has ordered retailers to conduct these tests. The FSA is demanding results by the end of next week; it is stressing that this is "a very serious issue."
Many Britons seem to agree. Radio call-in shows are being swamped by outraged callers (including some pretty smug vegetarians). Tabloid papers are trumpeting indignation, mingled with grim jokes about the whereabouts of Shergar, a legendary racehorse owned by the Aga Khan, that was stolen by masked gunmen in Ireland 30 years ago and never seen again.
More Than 'Traces'
This issue has been simmering away for several weeks. It surfaced last month when Ireland's safety inspectors discovered horse and pig DNA in some beef burgers. At first, these residues were described mostly as tiny "traces," though tests in one burger marketed by Tesco, the U.K.'s biggest retailer, found nearly a third of it was horsed.
Since then, a full-scale scandal has been unleashed. Retailers are now engaged in major damage control; large quantities of food are being destroyed, and inquiries are under way to find the source of the horse.
The latest — and most damaging — development came Thursday, when the FSA revealed the outcome of tests on some samples of ready-meal "beef" lasagna, sold widely in British supermarkets.
Eleven out of 18 meals advertised as beef were actually between 60 percent and 100 percent horsemeat. The product, made in France and sold by the frozen food giant Findus, has been hauled off the shelves.
The FSA says it believes the offending items — those burgers from Tesco and the lasagna from Findus — are linked to suppliers in Ireland and France. It says the evidence points to "either gross negligence or deliberate contamination in the food chain." It has mobilized the cops in Britain and elsewhere in Europe.
What's So Wrong With Horsemeat?
Officials say there is no evidence so far of a food safety risk and that it is very unlikely that these products will make anyone sick. But there are concerns that "bute," a painkilling drug sometimes given to horses, might creep into the human food chain.
Obviously, no one wants that. All the same, for an outsider, it is a little hard to understand why many of the British are quite so upset.
Does a nation that blithely munches its way through a mountain of health-wrecking fast foods and snacks (and which has so many dismal restaurants), really have the right to throw a snitty fit about some horses straying into their processed food?
After all, the British ate horse during the world wars, when food was rationed. They also export horsemeat, including former race and show horses, for other nations to eat. Brits are quite happy to devour some fairly weird dishes comprising other animals, including tripe (cow and pig stomach) and black pudding (a kind of sausage made by cooking blood).
The British tend to consider the French to be the world's most enthusiastic horse-eaters; add this to their ancient list of mild grudges against their Gallic neighbors. Yet Germans, Belgians, Italians, Austrians, Icelanders, Kazaks, Mongolians, Japanese, Chinese, Koreans and Indonesians (who eat horse satay) are also partial to a nice bit of horsemeat. Can they, too, be wrong?
Porkies Upon Porkies
But there is more to this. This is not just about a general taboo (shared with many Americans) about the idea of eating one of our more useful, clever and certainly noble-looking friends from the Animal Kingdom.
This is, of course, about lying.
The British public's been the victim of some Olympian fibbing in recent times; Brits seem to be losing patience with it. Remember those executives insisting that phone-hacking at the News of the World was the work of one or two rogue individuals?
This week the headlines were dominated by a former Cabinet minister who, after many years of denials, finally confessed to making their wife take the rap for a driving offence that they committed. "Liar!" the papers raged. They now face a prison sentence.
In Britain these days, the unveiling of mendacity seems to arouse more media outrage and louder demands for apologies than it used to. Most Britons refer to lies as "porkies." (It's rhyming slang: pork pies = lies.)
The signs are that, like the racehorse Shergar, the porkies told by the food industry about the beef on the shelves of Britain will not be forgotten for a very long time.
Philip Reeves is a European correspondent for NPR, based in London.
The Aam Admi Party has begun 2016 with a bang, both in Delhi and Punjab. Arvind Kejriwal addressed a big rally in Punjab that must be seen as an indicator of the party moving beyond an urban metropolis to enter new terrain in India.
But it's in Delhi that AAP has begun to make a mark in policy and governance. The much-debated odd-even policy, whose trial period now comes to an end, was put into effect in Delhi without any great mishap. Traffic was smoother in the capital, and the impact on pollution is being debated.
Politically, what the policy achieved is to re-emphasise the special ability of Kejriwal and their young party to do unconventional things. For all the criticism of AAP, they could engage citizens in an initiative that is at its core about civic consciousness. As a result of that, they head towards the party's first anniversary in power on February 14 with some of its image restored.
Another key step that AAP has taken in the past year is to cancel management quotas in private schools. Many private schools are upset, and those that go about business honestly complain that there is a certain tonality in the directives from Delhi government that suggest that all schools are running rackets. However, that doesn't negate the fact some schools certainly are. So what the policy has done is again revealed AAP's ability to act against some entrenched interests.
Health plans
There are more big initiatives in the offing. The Delhi government has begun the process of issuing tenders to set up 1,000 mohalla clinics, after the pilot clinic was hailed a success by health experts who see it as a way to provide diagnostic tests to the poor.
Besides, AAP is also working on a universal health insurance scheme for all residents of Delhi, with a ceiling of Rs 3 lakh per person for inpatient care. The details are not final but insiders say the costs could be around Rs 300 crore annually: the Delhi government would possibly pay insurance companies for patients who would be free to land up in private hospitals.
It's an ambitious scheme that they hope to unveil later this year. If it does go according to the blueprint being prepared, then the AAP government would be offering Delhi the best benefits among any health insurance schemes of this kind in the country.
In 2008, the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government had launched the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna that provides inpatient coverage to families living below the poverty line up to Rs 30,000. The AAP scheme now wants to extend health insurance beyond the below poverty line category to all those who can claim to be residents of Delhi.
In state schemes operational in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, the spending limit for health insurance schemes range from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2 lakh. The Delhi government is aiming for Rs 3 lakh.
Can things work?
Be it on the issue of controlling pollution, reforming the private school sector or expanding healthcare, AAP has ambitious plans. Whether they work will only become clear after some time when the ground impact has been assessed.
If AAP does actually end up making the poorer sections of the city feel they have greater access to health and education (and do not have to fear their homes being demolished), then it would get a stronger hold over the capital. In that case, the high-profile fights with the lieutenant governor and the Bharatiya Janata Party would only have traction in the conventional and social media spaces. For a chunk of the city's citizens, these run-ins would hardly matter.
In the 2015 state assembly election, all sections of society voted for AAP, but the post-poll analyses show that the richer the voter, the less the appeal. Conversely, the poor overwhelmingly supported AAP and the leadership is clear that it is this voter bloc that would remain loyal to them.
Yet, AAP is also very different from other political forces that rose as representatives of the poor. The communists in India, for one, saw themselves as taking up the cause of the downtrodden. But they principally viewed the world from the prism of class. In West Bengal, for instance, they brought about land reforms that were transformative but beyond that they did not actually add to the efficiency of systems and structures that are meant to deliver to the people.
The same trend can be seen in the approach of the political parties that rose in the age of Mandal. They were transformative in bringing about social change and breaking the domination of the upper castes. Certainly, the Dalits and Other Backward Classes of the Gangetic belt were beneficiaries. But they too did not focus on creating structures of governance and administration. Their focus was empowerment.
AAP's raison d'etre is very different. Once a civil servant, Arvind Kejriwal took leave from the income tax department in 2000 and began a movement called Parivartan in East Delhi to address grievances linked to the public distribution system, electricity, water and social welfare schemes. Their politics is not about some grand social change. It is about making systems work and keeping them accountable.
Kejriwal, the activist, understands the issues of bijli-sadak-paani (electricity-roads-water), the processes involved, how money is siphoned off and how systems meant to deliver do not. Governance is therefore the area where AAP logically should succeed.
Political touch
But it's in the arena of politics that Kejriwal has so far proven their mettle. This was also visible in the manner in which they took command of the narrative after the raid on the Delhi secretariat. The Delhi chief minister gave a round of interviews, putting their telegenic personality to full effect. The damage was eventually done to the Bharatiya Janata Party leadership.
Meanwhile, AAP is in the midst of expansion plans. It has sneaked up as a force in Punjab, the state where the party will contest the 2017 assembly elections. The AAP electoral blueprint for Delhi had consisted of putting a detailed logistical structure in place that could translate the goodwill of potential voters into actual votes. They are trying a similar exercise in the very different terrain of Punjab.
Arvind Kejriwal is someone who actually built AAP from scratch and those who disagreed with that orientation have exited the party after high-voltage drama last year. Consequently, after the dizzying heights of victory, 2015 was often a bumpy ride for AAP.
It has begun 2016 by again getting into their stride. The AAP volunteer-based model is at work and interesting plans, schemes and strategies are in the offing.
Saba Naqvi is a Delhi-based author and journalist.
President Trump will recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital on Wednesday despite intense Arab, Muslim, and European opposition to a move that would upend decades of US policy and risk potentially violent protests.
Mr. Trump will instruct the State Department to begin the multi-year process of moving the American embassy from Tel Aviv to the holy city, US officials said Tuesday. It remains unclear, however, when they might take that physical step, which is required by US law but has been waived on national security grounds for more than two decades.
The officials said numerous logistical and security details, as well as site determination and construction, will need to be finalized first. Because of those issues, the embassy is not likely to move for at least 3 or 4 years, presuming there is no future change in US policy.
To that end, the officials said Trump will delay the embassy move by signing a waiver, which is required by US law every six months. They will continue to sign the waiver until preparations for the embassy move are complete.
The officials said recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital will be an acknowledgment of "historical and current reality" rather than a political statement and said the city's physical and political borders will not be compromised. They noted that almost all of Israel's government agencies and parliament are in Jerusalem, rather than Tel Aviv, where the US and other countries maintain embassies.
The US officials spoke to reporters on condition of anonymity Tuesday because they were not authorized to publicly preview Trump's Wednesday announcement. Their comments mirrored those of officials who spoke on the issue last week.
The declaration of Jerusalem as Israel's capital is a rhetorical volley that could have its own dangerous consequences. The United States has never endorsed the Jewish state's claim of sovereignty over any part of Jerusalem and has insisted its status be resolved through Israeli-Palestinian negotiation.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says the Trump administration continues to believe there's "a very good opportunity" to achieve Middle East peace despite Trump's decision. Speaking to reporters in Brussels, Mr. Tillerson said people should "listen carefully" to Trump's speech, and said Trump is "very committed" to the peace process.
The mere consideration of Trump changing the status quo sparked a renewed US security warning on Tuesday. America's consulate in Jerusalem ordered US personnel and their families to avoid visiting Jerusalem's Old City or the West Bank, and urged American citizens in general to avoid places with increased police or military presence.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, repeatedly promised to move the US embassy. However, US leaders have routinely and unceremoniously delayed such a move since President Bill Clinton signed a law in 1995 stipulating that the United States must relocate its diplomatic presence to Jerusalem unless the commander in chief issues a waiver on national security grounds.
Key national security advisers – including Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis – have urged caution, according to the officials, who said Trump has been receptive to some of their concerns.
The concerns are real: Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital could be viewed as America discarding its longstanding neutrality and siding with Israel at a time when the president's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, has been trying to midwife a new peace process into existence. Trump, too, has spoken of their desire for a "deal of the century" that would end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
US officials, along with an outside adviser to the administration, said they expected a broad statement from Trump about Jerusalem's status as the "capital of Israel." The president isn't planning to use the phrase "undivided capital," according to the officials. Such terminology is favored by Israeli officials, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and would imply Israel's sovereignty over east Jerusalem, which the Palestinians seek for their own future capital.
Jerusalem includes the holiest ground in Judaism. But it's also home to Islam's third-holiest shrine and major Christian sites, and forms the combustible center of the Israeli-Arab conflict. Any perceived harm to Muslim claims to the city has triggered volatile protests in the past, both in the Holy Land and across the Muslim world.
Within the Trump administration, officials on Tuesday fielded a flood of warnings from allied governments.
British Prime Minister Theresa May said they planned to call Trump. They told the House of Commons that Britain's longstanding position is that "the status of Jerusalem should be determined in a negotiated settlement between the Israelis and the Palestinians, and Jerusalem should ultimately form a shared capital between the Israeli and Palestinian states. We continue to support a two-state solution."
The Jerusalem declaration notwithstanding, one official said Trump would insist that issues of sovereignty and borders must be negotiated by Israel and the Palestinians. The official said Trump would call for Jordan to maintain its role as the legal guardian of Jerusalem's Muslim holy places, and reflect Israel and Palestinian wishes for a two-state peace solution.
In their calls to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Jordan's King Abdullah II, Trump delivered what appeared to be identical messages of intent. Both leaders warned Trump that moving the embassy would threaten Mideast peace efforts and security and stability in the Middle East and the world, according to statements from their offices. The statements didn't speak to Trump's plans for recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Majdi Khaldi, Mr. Abbas' diplomatic adviser, said Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital could end Washington's role as mediator.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"This would mean they decided, on their own, to distance themselves from efforts to make peace," Mr. Khaldi told The Associated Press in perhaps the most sharply worded reaction by a Palestinian official. They said such recognition would lead the Palestinians to eliminate contacts with the United States.
This story was reported by The Associated Press.
On 16 February 2016, a photograph purportedly showing future presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush sitting at a table with segregationist Alabama governor George Wallace was posted to a Facebook group along with the caption “Planning for ‘The New World Order'”:
This meme was shared to a page called: “Our NEXT President Bernie” in an apparent attempt to either show that American politics consists of a relatively small group of co-conspirators, to discredit Bush and Clinton by linking them to former Alabama governor George Wallace (who was well known for being a segregationist in the 1960s), or both.
Although it's difficult to discern the motivation for the sharing of this photograph with that particular caption, we can say it is real. CBS News included the photograph in a gallery of images from Wallace's political career and reported that the photograph was taken in 1983, at Bush's residence in Kennebunkport, Maine.
At the time, Bush was serving as vice president under Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton was the governor of Arkansas, and George Wallace was at the beginning of their final term as governor of Alabama:
Wallace and their third wife, the former Lisa Taylor, meet with Vice President George Bush and Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton at a lobster bake at Bush's residence at Kennebunkport, Maine, July 30, 1983. The third Mrs. Wallace, whom the governor married in 1981, was 30 years their junior and half of a country-western singing duo, Mona and Lisa, who had performed during their campaign in 1968.
While it's impossible to tell what the three men were discussing when the photograph was taken, the picture captures a common occurrence: politicians hobnobbing and shaking hands.
Protests Allow Brazilians To Feel Part Of Global Movement
Brazil's government has been caught by surprise by the size and scale of recent protests. But analysts say they shouldn't have been. In a connected world, what happens in one part of it — say Turkey — can inspire social movements as far away as Brazil.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Technology really does seem to make the world smaller, and this morning, we'll hear this morning how that applies to protest movements. Turkey saw a fresh wave of anti-government demonstrations over the weekend.
RENEE MONTAGNE, HOST:
And in Brazil, the president is holding an emergency meeting today on how to respond to protests sweeping that country. An estimated quarter of a million Brazilians were on the streets yesterday, with a wide range of grievances.
GREENE: As NPR's South America correspondent Lourdes Garcia-Navarro reports, Brazilian protestors feel they're part of a growing global movement.
LOURDES GARCIA-NAVARRO, BYLINE: This started as a small protest against a hike in bus and subway fares. And now it's blossomed into this...
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTESTERS)
GARCIA-NAVARRO: Hundreds of thousands of people have come out onto the streets here to demonstrate against a range of complaints - corruption, lack of services, the cost of World Cup stadiums. And many people are asking why now?
One of the answers may be protests contagion. Demonstrators in one part of the world are looking at and are being inspired by movements a world away.
MATTEUS MARTINS: There is a connection. There is a solidarity between the protests, definitely. The people all over the world, they're learning from each other, they're gaining strength together, we see different protests around the world supporting the ones in São Paulo, the ones in Turkey.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: That's Matteus Martins, who has been coming out to the streets in São Paulo. He's 18 years old, educated, connected. In fact, they fit the profile, not just of a protestor in Brazil, but also a protestor in Turkey, or for that matter, Bulgaria too. And that's no coincidence, they say.
MARTINS: Most of that is because of the globalization that comes with the Internet - this new age that we can share everything through social networks and videos online. That's great.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: And since the protests erupted here in Brazil, those connections have only become tighter. If you go on social media these days, you'll see loads of tweets and posts between Turks and Brazilians, expressing solidarity, sympathy and exchanging tips.
Nineteen-year-old Luiza Mandetta is part of the Passe Livre or Free Fare Movement. They were the ones who originally took to the streets and initially played an organizing role in these protests.
LUIZA MANDETTA: There are lots of people in the world that are not OK with what is happening with their lives and the way that it has come from politicians to just ignore what we want and do whatever they are interested in, they do not defend our interests, they defend their own.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: Of course, every country has its own unique set of circumstances that feeds into a protest movement. But both in Turkey and Brazil, the galvanizing moment came when police cracked down on the initial demonstrations. The images were played out over social media, and then people came out in huge numbers, and crucially, the protestors had already seen what mass demonstrations could do in other places.
Cornelius Fleischhaker is a researcher with the International Monetary Fund who blogs about Latin America. He's lived in both Turkey and Brazil and says both are strong emerging economies.
CORNELIUS FLEISCHHAKER: Economically, I think there is a similar dynamic going on - that you have a fairly young population that's much more educated than it was in previous generations - that's much more active, that has social media as a tool to communicate and then mobilize.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: And they say that very prosperity has played a hand in fueling the current unrest.
FLEISCHHAKER: Once a large part of the population reaches kind of the middle class status, they demand more, and if the government is not willing or able to provide, that's when people go on the streets.
MARTINS: Of course, one of the things that have been markedly different is how Turkey's and Brazil's governments have reacted to the crisis. Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff is a former leftist activist who was tortured under Brazil's dictatorship.
GARCIA-NAVARRO: In their most recent address, they said they had sympathy with the protesters and adopted a conciliatory tone. Turkey's leader, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, has taken a markedly different approach, demonizing the demonstrators and the social media they use.
In a speech this weekend, they also tried to link the movements in both Brazil and Turkey, implying that there is global conspiracy trying to destabilize both countries. It's the same game, the same trap, the same aim, they told supporters.
Lourdes Garcia-Navarro NPR News, São Paulo.
Copyright © 2013 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
I am not an airline ticket or travel expert, but these are tips and tricks that I have used to find the best deals.
I hope this will help you in your research to find cheap flights this year.
Just know that these are resources that I currently use. And I will keep updating the resources on my blog as the year goes along so feel free to bookmark my blog post associated with this video.
This is an industry backbone service that is now owned by Google. It was an independent company. Google had to license the software to other companies as part of the buyout deal. This software is now part of the Google travel division.
It's has a very slow response time when you do your searches, but you will end up finding some of the best deals in most cases. Keep in mind you will not be able to buy tickets directly on this website. It will send you to a sellers web page that has the best deal.
This website is a free resource that post deals. DID I MENTION FREE! NO SIGN UPS. Cheap flights for the win!
The website is managed by a passionate group of travelers who post deals as soon as they see them. Keep in mind that many of the deals will have an expiry date. So you will have to keep checking their website for the best cheap flight deals.
This website has been very controversial because of the how it uses its methods in getting you the cheapest ticket possible. This company plays on the nuances of the travel industry to get you the best deal. It's not really illegal but the industry will end up hating you.
This is a referral site. It finds some of the best deals on cheap flights on the internet. But there is a caveat. Their deals are not always what they say they are. By the time you reach the actual booking website price might go up. Or you might get a ticket but it might be a standby ticket. So use this website as a reference. You might be better off buying the tickets on the main airline website directly.
I use this for researching because the map features that Google has. I can pick my starting point and then roam around the globe looking for deals. If I am interested in visiting a particular area or just trying to figure out what might be a good getaway for my budget, this research tool is very useful. I pick my starting point and look for the cheapest flights.
BONUS
Here are a couple of bonus tips.
When doing your research, use a VPN or switch your browser to incognito mode. Once their AI knows that you are looking for deals, it will slowly creep up the price of the cheap flight tickets on you. It might not be large amounts, but those pennies will add up.
Keep in mind there are a lot of budget airlines that do not list their prices on industry shared networks. Example Southwest Airlines and Allegiant Air. So if you are looking for a new place to explore, visit the airport website to see what airlines go there. Then see what deals you can get directly from the airline website. You would be surprised by deals you can find on cheap airline tickets.
Discount airlines such as Spirit air or Ryan air in Europe are good for finding cheap flights. But you need to pay attention to their protocols, baggage and on how to get on and off a flight. If you do not pay attention they will end up being more expensive than any other airline.
Hope these tips will help you in finding your cheap flights this year. If you other tips and tricks for this year, please share them in the comments below so that we all can benefit from them.
I will be updating this resource page as I get more information.
Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to my youtube channel. I am aiming to grow the channel to 1000 subscribers. Safe travels.
Cheers!
James Franco, Andrew Neel and Killer Films are set to re-team for an adaption of Zola Tells All: The Real Story Behind The Greatest Stripper Saga Ever Tweeted, based on a Rolling Stone article by David Kushner. Franco will direct a script by Neel and Mike Roberts. The pic is based on a 148-tweet travelogue about a trip taken to Florida by Aziah “Zola” Wells, who went with their friend Jessica and their boyfriend, as well as Jessica's violent pimp, named Z. Kushner wrote about the event in the magazine in November.
Franco and Vince Jolivette are producing through their Rabbit Bandini Productions with Killer Films' Christine Vachon and David Hinojosa and Gigi Films' Gia Walsh and Kara Baker. Franco, Neel and Killer Films most recently collaborated on Goat, the frat-hazing drama that premiered at Sundance and sold to Paramount Home Media. CAA is repping domestic distribution.
Franco is repped by CAA, Untitled Entertainment and Sloane Offer; Neel is also represented by Washington Square Films. Kushner is CAA and The Gotham Group.
Since the 1960s, few cars have been able to match the credibility and cool of Lamborghini. From the Miura, to the Countach, to the Gallardo and the Huracan, Lambos have always been a way of saying “I've arrived.” In the immortal words of Frank Sinatra, “you buy a Ferrari when you want to be somebody. You buy a Lamborghini when you are somebody.”
Want to get in on this proud legacy? Of course you do, and this article is going to show you just how you should go about buying a little piece of driving heaven.
You have a few options when it comes to buying used – first and foremost, take a look at our current listings on our home page, where you'll be able to find a huge range of different cars for sale. Another option is to head in to a Lamborghini dealership in your area, and seeing what they have for sale, and yet another option open to you is scouring classified ads, but there are two problems with this approach – 1: finding one for sale will likely be difficult, given their exclusivity, and 2: you may, depending on the purchase, have very little recourse for being sold one in bad condition, should problems show up further down the road. Older cars are also often found at auction, but you can usually expect to pay a higher price for the same car as if you were to find one for sale elsewhere.
Like in all cars, certain systems in certain models are more prone to failure, so we're going to take a quick look at what to look at two archetypal Lamborghini's – the modern classic that is the Lamborghini Gallardo, and the dream of 70s and 80s petrolheads everywhere, the Countach.
The Gallardo was produced for a somewhat incredible 10 years, from 2003-2013, and became their best-selling model in history, making it a great place to start at when looking for a Lambo. The car's V10 is very reliable, but bodywork is often damaged by a previous owner who has been uh, enthusiastic, with their driving, so give that a good check.
Two other prominent problems in used Gallardos are the suspension, which can often crack and groan, which could mean that the ball joints need replacing. Another area to look at is the gearbox, which is particularly prevalent in pre-2006 models featuring the E-gear paddle-shift system, which most owners opted for. Prices are highly dependent on age, but you're likely to have to pay upwards of $100,000 for this Italian beauty.
If you grew up during the 1970s or 80s, there's a pretty good chance that the Lamborghini Countach may have been featured in a poster on your wall. The car simply oozes cool, looking fresh even today, very much the image of the archetypal supercar. Given its age, you need to make sure the V12 engine has been maintained thoroughly, regularly, and correctly, otherwise you could be getting yourself in for an expensive mistake – over the years, the engine has likely taken a fair amount of punishment.
As with the Gallardo, the car's bodywork is likely to have taken some damage over the years, and the clutch is another area prone to wearing out fast. Driven hard, the clutch will likely need replacing after 20K miles, and can sometimes necessitate replacing the flywheel and its accoutrements, which can send the price spiralling upwards into several thousands of dollars.
As well as maintenance, the car itself costs a small fortune, so you'd better be prepared to dig deep if you want to get your hands on one. The car is rarely sold outside of auction, and one fine 1975 model recently sold for a staggering $1.2 million in Connecticut. Later model prices are lower, but still pricey, with a 1989 model likely to cost you upwards of $300,000.
A voter fills out a ballot in Florida's Aug. 30 primary. Groups on both sides are trying to register thousands more voters before the state's registration deadline which a judge just extended to at least Wednesday. (Photo11: Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
AVALON PARK, Fla. — It's a late Monday afternoon as about a dozen Hillary For America volunteers gather at the Starbucks in this planned community of middle-class families just east of downtown Orlando.
They're here for training and a little pep talk before heading out to the Walmart in the nearby strip mall to register voters. This is the first campaign for many of them, and several talks about the enormous stakes of this presidential contest between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.
“We all know from Gore and Bush how a few votes could really turn the tide,” Navy veteran Hollis Porter, 59, says, referring to George W. Bush's 537-vote win in Florida in 2000 that gave the Republican the presidency over Democrat Al Gore.
If Clinton is going to win the Sunshine State, she'll need activists like Porter to register as many supporters as they can before the upcoming voter registration deadline.
On Monday, U.S. District Court Judge Mark Walker in Tallahassee granted a request from the Florida Democratic Party to extend the deadline at least one day - from Tuesday to Wednesday - to determine whether a longer extension should be granted due to the displacement of Floridians along the East Coast due to Hurricane Matthew.
Once voter registration is completed, Clinton will need Porter and the roughly 90,000 other volunteers the campaign claims in Florida to mobilize Democrats, sympathetic independents and Republicans disaffected with Trump.
Republicans say they have “thousands” of volunteers canvassing Florida as well, though they declined to give specific numbers. And they say the Republican National Committee had staff and a state director in Florida for three years, long before the Clinton campaign had theirs in place.
But by almost every metric — volunteers, field offices, ad spending — Democrats appear to be winning the ground game in the nation's most important swing state, experts and activists say.
Take voter registration.
Of the approximately 651,000 new voters that have signed up in Florida from Jan. 1 through Aug. 31, about 230,000 (35%) registered as independents, about 221,000 (34%) as Democrats and about 185,000 (28.4%) as Republicans, according to Daniel A. Smith, a political science professor at the University of Florida who studies registration activity. The rest registered as third-party voters.
“I will guarantee you that number will get bigger in the last month because the Democratic operatives and their allies, the progressive, non-profit community, have been out registering voters leading up to the Oct. 11 deadline,” Smith said, referring to left-of-center groups representing labor, minorities and women that are mobilizing across Florida.
Republicans point to impressive registration gains since 2012, when Mitt Romney barely lost to President Obama.
Over the past four years, the number of Republicans in the state has grown roughly 195,000, to nearly 4.6 million, while the number of Democrats has shrunk by nearly 89,000, to a little more than 4.7 million, according to the Florida Division of Elections.
Hillary Clinton volunteers gather at a Starbucks in the Avalon Park community of greater Orlando as they get ready to register voters. (Photo11: Ledyard King, USA TODAY)
That roughly 285,000 net gain for Republicans is almost four times the 74,309 margin by which Obama beat Romney in Florida.
And, GOP officials say, this is the first time in over a decade that the RNC has invested in voter registration.
“The RNC's historic ground game operation has been proactively engaging all communities across the state every day since 2013,” said Ninio Fetalvo, RNC Florida communications director, pointing to GOP Gov. Rick Scott's re-election in 2014. “These same efforts and resources that have already proven to be effective will pay dividends as we work to elect the entire Republican ticket this November.”
But while progressive allies are pushing the virtues of Clinton to voters, conservative groups are not as unanimous in their support of Trump.
The Libre Initiative, an organization funded by the Koch Brothers to attract conservative Hispanics by focusing on free market principles, is helping build support for Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio — but steering clear of promoting Trump. And Monday, the South Florida-based Latin Builders Association, a Republican stalwart for decades, announced its board voted to endorse Clinton.
Smith said the reach of the Clinton campaign isn't nearly what it was in the past two elections, when the “Obama machine” basically supplanted local Democratic organizations because they were better registering and mobilizing voters.
Also playing in the GOP's favor is that Democrats are being weaned off the registration rolls at a faster pace than Republicans for “routine list maintenance” such as death, relocation or inactivity. It also includes those who switched their affiliation, although Smith said that accounts for a very small percentage of the Democratic dip.
But they said the notion that the GOP is “out-registering” Democrats and their allies is a false one. They point to Hispanic voters as a prime example.
Since Jan. 2, 2013, more than 166,000 new Hispanic voters registered as Democrats, compared to about 66,000 new Hispanic Republicans, according to their analysis.
That advantage for Democrats has accelerated since the first of this year, with 42 percent of all new Hispanic voters signing up as Democrats vs. 16 percent as Republicans, they said.
About 85 miles from Avalon Park, on the other side of Florida's politically key I-4 corridor, Republican Brittany Reed, 25, has been trying to mobilize voters in the Tampa area.
The University of South Florida student, who hopes to join the U.S. Foreign Service, has spent some recent Saturdays going door-to-door in Hillsborough County trying to register new voters and sell them on the virtues of Trump.
“You might hit 300 doors and you might get 10 that answer,” they said. But ‘if I just change one person's mind or educate one person, then I guess it's worth it.”
Clinton volunteer Theresa Darlington (center) tries to register George Almond (right) for the Nov. 8 election. Standing with them outside the Social Security office in St. Petersburg, Fla., is Almond's son, Shawn. (Photo11: Ledyard King, USA TODAY)
Voter registration drives are rarely 100 percent successful.
It can take hours to sign up even one new voter, as Reed is discovering. And because volunteers are not supposed to ask a person's political leanings before they try to register them, it might be someone who's not voting for your candidate.
Clinton volunteer Theresa Darlington, 36, found out last week outside the Social Security office in downtown St. Petersburg when they persuaded George Almond to register as a voter.
Almond, 62, a retired stevedore, hadn't been registered for decades but now they said they plan to vote for Trump. They call the bombastic billionaire “erratic” but thinks Clinton is even worse.
“Hillary's one of the good old boys,” they said. “She ain't going to change nothing.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2e1bQ8C
There may not be a more heavily-discussed player in the leadup to the July 31 trade deadline than David Price. Here's the latest buzz about the Rays southpaw…
The Dodgers are considered the favorites to land Price by many around baseball, Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times writes. The Cardinals have recently been scouting Price, and the Giants are also in the mix. The Marlins could have an interest in Price, and had scouts watching their start last Friday.
are considered the favorites to land Price by many around baseball, Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times writes. They have recently been scouting Price, and they are also in the mix. They could have an interest in Price, and had scouts watching their start last Friday. Topkin also opines that the Braves, Angels and Indians make sense as possible suitors for Price. Cleveland scouts were present at Price's most recent start.
The Rays would prefer to trade Price to the National League, or if not the NL, at least outside of their own division. While an AL East trade isn't impossible, Topkin believes a division rival would have to give up something beyond the already-large asking price the Rays are seeking for their ace.
It helps both Price and the Rays if a trade is worked out sooner rather than later, Topkins believes. The Rays can get an early jump on the pitching market and Price seems to be getting frustrated by both Tampa Bay's struggles and the constant questions about their future.
While Price is only under contract through the 2015 season, a rival scout tells ESPN's Buster Olney (Insider subscription required) that teams gunning for a World Series won't hesitate to give up a big trade package for the lefty. “You worry about the cost of signing them later, and if they walk away, that's the way it goes. But you're adding a No. 1 starter who can be a difference-maker for two seasons,” the scout said.
Donald Trump is determined to have "birtherism" front and center in the 2012 presidential election, calling it the "most important thing" just hours before they were set to attend a fundraiser for the presumptive GOP nominee, Mitt Romney.
On Tuesday morning, Trump appeared via telephone on CNBC, where they argued that questions about Obama's birthplace have not been adequately answered, despite Obama releasing a copy of their birth certificate over a year ago.
"Nothing has changed my mind," they said.
Trump was skeptical about a recently unearthed promotional booklet from Obama's former literary agency that erroneously reported the president was born in Kenya. After the discovery of the booklet reignited rumors that Obama is not a natural-born American citizen, the author of their biography quickly came forward and said the mistake was a simple fact-checking error.
Trump, however, was not convinced. "Look, a publisher come out last week and had a statement about Obama given to them by Obama when they were doing a book as a young man, a number of years ago, in the 90s," they said. "Now amazingly, the publisher is 'oh we made a mistake.'"
"[Obama was] a young man doing a book, and they said what they believed to be the truth."
Unsatisfied with Obama's birth certificate, the authenticity of which they said many people have "serious doubts" about, they called for Obama to provide their academic transcripts from Columbia, Harvard and Occidental College.
"A lot of people want to see their college transcripts," Trump said. "They're not looking at their marks, their grades. ... They want to see, what do they say about place of birth. Now, those transcripts have disappeared, nobody seems to be able to get them."
While Romney has said they do not share Trump's views, they have declined to repudiate them. On Monday, Romney told reporters they don't agree with all the people who support him, but they were "appreciative to have the help of a lot of good people."
The Obama campaign, sensing an opportunity to taint Romney with Trump's provocative statements, released a web video Tuesday contrasting Romney with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who famously denounced supporters who questioned Obama's citizenship.
Trump indirectly addressed the Obama ad on Twitter, urging Romney not to dismiss the birther movement -- or risk losing the election.
From the Financial Times: Its symbiotic relationship with Donald Trump has catapulted Breitbart News to the centre of American politics.
Now the news organisation wants similar standing in the UK and Europe, encouraged by the growth of grass roots rightwing politics.
In the wake of Brexit, Islamic terror attacks and the European refugee crisis, readership of Breitbart's UK site is up 135 per cent year on year to 15m monthly page views in July, giving it a bigger reach than The Spectator and Vice Media.
The news organisation, which was founded a decade ago by Andrew Breitbart, a US political blogger, already has a website in Jerusalem and is now aiming to open French and German sites before the end of the year. It is also eyeing a foothold in India. Breitbart's London operation also has room to grow with only eight to 10 journalists compared to about 100 in America.
Financed by private backers, Breitbart is one of a number of digital start-ups threatening traditional media. In the US, it is the 34th biggest news site, with 150m page views in July, according to rankings from Similar Web.
Much of its growth has come from the careful cultivation of users on social media platforms, especially Facebook, where it now has 2.2m followers. As Facebook's importance grows as a platform for online news, so too does Breitbart's reach and influence.
Breitbart's crowning moment came last month when its chairperson, Stephen Bannon, was hired by Mr Trump to run their presidential campaign. But it is not clear that its taste for culture wars and laser focus on immigration will find a similar home in the mainstream of British politics.
There have been claims that the site is racist or that it has fed the right of the alternative right, allegations firmly rejected by Breitbart London's editor-in-chief Raheem Kassam, a former adviser to the outgoing Ukip (UK Independence party) leader Nigel Farage.
They said: “Yes, we come from a certain position; yes, we are here to talk about a certain group of people who feel left behind. But equally we do not want to cut anyone out.”
It is a view backed up by Breitbart's editor-in-chief in Washington, Alex Marlow.
“People who call us racist are not reading the website,” they said. “The left is trying to categorise people into groups to exploit their votes. There is zero evidence that Breitbart is racist.”
They added that the professed neutrality of the US media is a myth. “The New York Times and the Washington Post pretend they are objective, but they aren't. The myth that the news media is objective is being busted before our eyes,” they said.
…Read more at the Financial Times.
This painting is part of a two part tonal exercise in painting the same subject twice, once in blue, with a wide value range, and once in red with a much narrower range. The post linked there deals with that part of the exercise in more depth.
What I want to cover here is the method I used to build up the paintings, which I got from a book by Harold Speed called “Oil Painting Techniques and Materials”. I won't go too much into the book itself here, (I plan to review it when I have the time), except to say that it's the best book I've found so far about oil painting, it does exactly what it says on the tin, and can be had from Amazon for a paltry £6. Don't believe the reviewer who trashed the book, he/she plainly hasn't the first idea. For the serious student of the philosophy and practice of oil painting, this book is a real gem.
Back to the painting. The good Mr. Speed presents a detailed account of what they call an elementary tone exercise in their chapter on the practical aspects of learning to paint with oils. I've followed their instructions to the letter here, except of course that I've used cadmium red and white, were they recommend using raw umber and white, something I intend to do for future monochromes.
First, a word about the support. I've used a 6mm thick MDF panel which has had two coats of Robersons Acrylic Gesso primer, sanding after each coat, and a mix of ultramarine and burnt sienna alkyd paint and turps rubbed on with a rag to give a light grey ground, something like a Rubens panel, but with quick, cheap modern materials. The brush strokes from the gesso get accentuated by the rubbed in grey tone, giving a nice lively ground to paint on. Of course, canvas or whatever else you want to use would do just as well for this exercise. Using a toned ground makes it much easier to judge the tones as they go onto the painting.
First stage is to lay out the drawing roughly, with charcoal. Unnecessary if you have a superb eye, but I don't. I used a rough and ready sight-size approach to drawing out, like with the Bargue drawing technique, only quicker and less accurate. This exercise is about tonal relationships, not accurate drawing.
Before starting to paint, both the white (I've used flake white) and the raw umber (or cadmium red in this case) are thinned down with a 50/50 mix of turps and linseed oil. This is a time honoured medium, which I know a lot of painters use. Strange that, even though I've gone as far as cooking my own Maroger and making my own sun bleached linseed oil, I've never tried painting with this basic medium. The paint is thinned down to a consistency which allows it to flow well, but still covers solidly and opaquely. Mine was about the consistency of butter left out on a warm day. I used Robersons pure gum turpentine and cold pressed linseed oil.
Step one – mark the darkest and lightest points
First thing to do is pick the darkest point on your subject, and put a corresponding dark note on your painting. Then find the lightest light, and match that. In the case of this cast, it was pure the white on the highlights. That gives you your tonal range, and every other tone will be judged in relation to these. Well, this makes perfect sense to me, since it's exactly the approach I've been using on my series of 100 still life drawings.
Harold (we're on first name terms now), makes a point of recommending that you relate tones to your darkest, not your lightest tone. This is because relating tones to the highlights will make them appear too dark in comparison to the white, and will result in errors. I think he's got a good point there.
Step two – fill in the background
Once the two extremes of tone are stated, it's time to fill in the background. This should be done as evenly as possible. Harold says that you should learn to put down flat, even paint before you start messing around with flashy textural effects. Make sure the paint doesn't go on so thick that you get ridges up against the edges of your subject, since this will work against the three dimensional effect when you paint the main forms. A loose edge which cuts slightly into the form is best.
Step three – fill in the base and main shadows
Well I guess this will only be relevant if you're painting a cast, like I am here, and like Harold uses for their exercise. I can see no good reason why you can't use something else though, as long as it's monochrome.
They advise paying particular attention to the edges here. Although the tone blocks are put in with flat tone, the edges should be stated as carefully and accurately as possible, with particular attention to where they are sharp and where they soften and disappear. To be honest, I've rushed mine a bit here, but you get the idea. The edges of shadows soften considerably the further away they get from the form that casts them.
Step four – lay in the main shadow blocks
These are also done with a flat, even tone. Simplifying the main shadow blocks and deciding where to end them is no easy task, and comes with practice. My practice with the Bargue drawings and with the tonal still life drawings has helped me here. To be fair, it's also much easier to do this with a plain white cast. I find trying to do this on a portrait drawing much more difficult.
Again, attention should be given to the edges, particularly where they meet the background. Since the edges of my main tonal block here against the background are on the shadow side, I've softened them somewhat. When I get to putting the light tone shape in, I'll be wanting a hard edge up against the background on the left of the cast.
Speaking of which…
Step five – put in the main light block
At this stage, you have your surface covered, and can begin to judge more carefully the relationships of your tones, one to another. In this picture, I've already darkened the surface the cast is sitting on, and lightened the background. The difference between them was too great, and the light block wasn't standing out enough. This stage took probably the longest of any part of the painting, making small adjustments to the tone blocks and trying to get the relationships between them as close as I can to what I see.
It's important to note that I'm talking about the relationships between them, or the ratios here. I'm not matching what I see, because my black is red, (I thought everyone knew that red is the new black), and has a mid tone. So I'm trying to make sure that the light block reads as light, which means bringing down the surrounding tones. But I also have to make sure that the base still reads as black, as far as I can, so that means bringing them back up. Lots of push and pull. This stage should be slightly less complex on a raw umber monochrome, since the darkest tone will be almost black anyway.
But this is simply a more extreme form of what we have to deal with in painting anyway, that our tonal range is limited, particularly, I think, at the light end of the scale. Because of that, I was careful not to throw away pure white on my light block here, I had to leave some ‘headroom' for highlights, which will be pure white.
Step six – work the edges
As in the previous stages, the task now is to concentrate on the edges where the tonal blocks meet, making them softer where there are smooth transitions, (indicating rounded transitions between planes), and harder where there is a sharp edge.
Most of the edges here are smooth, at least almost all the internal ones are. The only really sharp edge is down the left of the cast against the background. But the bottom of the leg, on the left, has a sharp edge, and so does the broken plane of the left arm. Likewise the right edge of the neck where a 90 degree change in plane direction creates a sharp edge.
Although I've been looking at edges more in my still life drawings, I've never concentrated on them to this extent. Because of that, I've never quite realised before how important they are in describing form. Now I think that they are at least as important as tone in creating a convincing three dimensional illusion.
Harold makes the point that the edges should be dealt with first, before any internal modelling is attempted. The reason for this is that when you only have the large tonal blocks established, there's nothing in the way of the free movement of your brush. You can make confident, definite marks, and if you're really good, bring real sparkle to the painting at this point. Unfortunately I'm not, and just spent lots of time fiddling obsessively. But when I get better at handling a brush, this should be very valuable. Harold also goes to some length to advise on how the brush should be held. Not near the tip, like a pen, that will reduce you to small, fiddly movements. Holding the brush as far down the handle as you can allow for grand, confident sweeps. Unless you have wobbly old arms like me, in which case you just get paint everywhere, and have to wipe it off again.
But he's right. Every now and again on this painting, I managed to put in a sweep which worked, or at least came close. The effect is very different than fiddling and diddling with little tiny movements, and has two great advantages: Firstly, the more you diddle about with your paint, the more it breaks down and loses the strength of it's colour. Try it, get a bright colour, and diddle about with it ceaselessly for half an hour on a bit of canvas, work the living daylights out of it. Then get some fresh from the tube, and put it down with one stroke, right next to it. Very illuminating. Secondly, once you learn to control your brush like this, you will be able to make more expressive sweeps. That has to be a good thing. Painting, as we all know now, is not just about copying what you see, right?
Step seven – final modelling and finishing
The last stage, of course, is putting in the finer modelling and highlights, which I got too involved with to remember to take any progress shots of. But that stage went a lot quicker for having laid down a solid foundation with this organised approach to building up the painting. I must be honest, I'm a bit surprised that this painting came oft they end of my brush.
One of the strengths of this approach, I think, is that it forces you to work from the general to the specific, just like a Bargue drawing. This seems to me to be such a universally useful approach that I'm beginning to think that it's a basic tenet of producing good representational work. You sometimes see people who work gradually down a picture, completely finishing each part before they move onto the next. Now I don't want to criticise other people's working methods, but it seems to me that it's very easy to lose the ‘big picture' working like this, and, if I'm honest, I think the overall strength of the work I've seen done like this suffers. There's nothing wrong with detail, but it must work within the entire picture, or it's just fiddling for fiddling's sake.
Having got so much from this painting and this approach, I'm now planning a series of monochrome still life paintings, the point of which will be to practice and internalise what I've learned here. Realising how something works is just the first initial stage. Then, it has to be practiced and practiced until it becomes second nature, until it happens without thinking. It needs to be internalised to the point of unconscious competence.
What I've taken from this exercise is, firstly, a way of building up a painting which allows me to concentrate on the main tone masses without getting lost in detail too soon, and secondly, the full importance of edges. These are the two points I'll be looking to internalise over the next series of paintings. I have to say, I'm quite excited.
The 2015 Sturgis motorcycle rally is now over and it was one for the record books. People flocked from all over the world to be a part of the 75th Sturgis Motorcycle Rally.
Fans of the Discovery Channel show The Deadliest Catch will be sad to hear that Tony Lara, who briefly helped out as captain of the Cornelia Marie, died while attending the rally. The 56-year-old Lara died Saturday in their sleep. No additional details were available.
According to Examiner.com :
Tony was a captain that Josh and Jake leaned on, after their father Phil Harris passed away. They helped get the Cornelia Marie back on the water, fishing and making money.
Meanwhile, attendance at the rally topped 1 million people. The previous record crowd was estimated at 633,000 people back in 2000. Unfortunately, 13 people died during the rally.
Some other numbers from this years rally:
In a previous column I wrote about executive guidance from the White House that would allow the U.S. Department of State to require gunsmiths to pay a $2,250 annual fee. As often happens, this article caused many people to contact me with more leads. One was Rob Lyman, owner of Leo Combat LLC, located in Centennial, Colo. Leo Combat was established in 2013 and now makes three products: covers for the exposed hammers on revolvers (a gun-safety product), a knife and a belt clip for a knife or holster. Though Leo Combat is a small manufacturer that doesn't make firearms, ammunition or something else a hostile foreign government or terrorist group could use, the U.S. Department of State notified Lyman that they are required them to pay $2,250 every year as mandated by the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) regulations.
The Department of State sent Lyman a letter on official letterhead on June 18, 2015 that says in part:
Section 38 of the Arms Exports Control Act (ACEA) and Section 722.1 of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) require that persons in the business of manufacturing or exporting defense articles or defense services register with the Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC), Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance.
The Office of Defense Trade Controls Compliance has reason to believe that LEO COMBATT LLC is involved in the business of manufacturing and/or exporting of defense articles or defense services. Al examination of information contained in a Commodity Jurisdiction Determination Case (DDTC Case CJ 0176-15) indicates a Manufacturing/Exporter registration may be required. A review of our records indicates. that LEO COMBATT LLC is not currently registered with this Office.
Failure to register with this Office constitutes a violation of the AECA and the ITAR and could result in civil and/or criminal penalties.
A letter like that from the U.S. Department of State would make most people pause, but a few, if they think they are legally or morally right, might just clench their fists and fight. Lyman responded with a lawsuit (Note, on August 29, 2016 (hours after this column was posted) the U.S. District Court For The District Of Colorado dismissed Lyman's case for lack of standing. Lyman says they aren't likely to appeal, but is looking for others to represent in a similar challenge.) They say, “I decided, for the sake of fairness and our freedom, I had to do something no other company has attempted in at least the last 47 years.” Lyman's lawsuit challenges the constitutionality of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), as it applies to domestic manufacturers.
ITAR gives the U.S. Department of State the authority to regulate arms sales, munitions, missiles and other potentially dangerous materials, as our government quite understandably doesn't want U.S. manufacturers to sell products related to war to our enemies. But ITAR is so broad-reaching it requires even manufacturers that make firearms-related products to pay the $2,250 annual fee. They require this $2,250 fee even if the companies aren't exporting products, which Lyman says they aren't.
Lyman says, “The State Department does not offer any exemption for manufacturers who don't export, and are not limited to the makers of gun receivers (who must be federally licensed), but also include the makers of any gun components. A licensed gunsmith who occasionally custom makes a part or two for customers could technically get as much as 20 years in prison for doing so.”
They argue that the Obama administration is trying to choke America's gun makers with regulations and onerous fees.
To put the $2,250 fee from the Department of State in context, realize that the fee for a Type 07 (“Manufacturer of Firearms Other Than Destructive Devices”) license issued by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF), which Lyman also needs, is $150. So the Department of State's fee is 15 times higher than the ATF's.
Lyman says, “Though the $2,250 annual fee is already higher than most gunsmiths or startup companies can afford, there is no limitation on how high it can go other than the whim of the president. The failure to provide an intelligible standard is part of the basis for the lawsuit, which alleges an unconstitutional delegation of the legislative power.”
Lyman also argues that “Congress' foreign commerce power is being improperly used to regulate purely domestic commerce.”
It doesn't take an attorney to see that those constitutional challenges are not going to be easy for Lyman to win, as such questions would also call into question much of what the federal government now does, and courts are loathe to cause that kind of turmoil in established law. Also, such constitutional questions must, in the end, be answered by the Supreme Court, and the high court only has so much time—they say no to most of the appeals presented to them.
So how is Lyman even able to wage this David-and-Goliath battle over constitutional interpretations? The simple answer is they are an attorney.  They are their own representation. No one is billing them $200 an hour for this crusade.
Also, I should note that Lyman also clearly sees this battle as part of their business plan. The main focus of their company's website (leocombat.com) is their lawsuit with the Department of State.  They are also aggressively reaching out to the media (though most are baffled by him). They seem to know that many gun owners in America feel so besieged and maligned by the current administration that they will rally to a perceived defender of their rights. These people, their consumer base, might then buy their products to show their support.
Though I think all of that to be true, I'm writing about this nevertheless because there is something strange and ominous about the U.S. Department of State's requirement that the maker of a hammer shroud for revolvers, and soon possibly even gunsmith who make a part now and then for broken guns that are no longer produced by a manufacturer, to pay $2,250 every year or face possible felony charges.
There is a lot more to this story, as the National Shooting Sports Foundation has been lobbying Congress and the White House for some time to fix a regulatory system that actually makes it more difficult for U.S. manufacturers to compete for U.S. government contracts than it does for foreign corporations to do so, but I'll wade into all that in a future column.
The European Union and the United States have suspended a range of sanctions against Iran after Tehran began implementing a deal to curb its nuclear programme.
The move eases restrictions on trade in petrochemicals and precious metals and on the provision of insurance for oil shipments, among other measures.
In the US, the Treasury Department said that now that Iran has fulfilled its initial nuclear commitments under the deal, "the administration has taken the necessary steps to pause efforts to further reduce Iranian crude oil exports".
An EU statement on Monday said the bloc had "suspended certain EU restrictive measures against Iran for a period of six months".
Centrifuges disconnected
Earlier in the day, Iranian state media said the country had started to shut down its most sensitive nuclear work, as required under the deal.
The United Nations nuclear agency, the International Atomic Energy Agency, confirmed that higher-level uranium enrichment in the Natanz facility in central Iran had been stopped.
The West alleges that Iran is covertly using its nuclear programme to build a nuclear bomb. Tehran insists the programme is solely for peaceful purposes.
The historic deal reached in Geneva on November 24 that calls for an end to higher-level enrichment in exchange for the lifting of some economic sanctions.
Iranian state TV said authorities halted enrichment of uranium to 20 percent by disconnecting the cascades of centrifuges enriching uranium at the facility. That level is just steps away from bomb-making materials.
The broadcast said international inspectors were on hand to witness the stoppage before leaving to monitor the suspension of enrichment at Fordo, another uranium enrichment site in central Iran.
The official IRNA news agency said Iran also started on Monday to convert part of its stockpile of 20 percent enriched uranium to oxide, which can be used to produce nuclear fuel but is difficult to reconvert for weapons use.
Under the Geneva deal, Iran agreed to halt its 20 percent enrichment programme but continue enrichment up to 5 percent. It also agreed to convert half of its stockpile of 20 percent enriched uranium to oxide and dilute the remaining half to 5 percent over a period of six months.
In addition to the enrichment measures, the six-month interim deal also commits Iran to opening its nuclear programme to greater UN inspections and providing more details on its nuclear activities and facilities.
(Image: Stop gesture via Shutterstock)In anticipation of protests at ALEC's recent meeting in Oklahoma City, state legislators were handed a set of talking points that read “The American Legislative Exchange Council recognizes the first amendment rights of free speech and assembly, and asks that _____ do the same,” apparently to prepare legislators for press questions about citizen activism. But ALEC didn't live up to those spoon-fed talking points: ALEC assembled a dossier of disfavored reporters and activists, kicked reporters out of its conference who might write unfavorable stories, and managed to boot a community forum critical of ALEC from its reserved room.
In what might be the biggest anti-ALEC rally yet, the ALEC legislators and lobbyists arriving at the Renaissance Hotel on May 2 were greeted by a wave of protesters that outnumbered the conference attendees.
More than 600 firefighters, teachers, environmentalists, and church leaders carried signs reading “ALEC is Not OK” and chanting “backroom deals are ALEC's game/sweetheart deals for corporate gain,” while a giant inflatable pig wearing a banner reading “Hi, my name is ALEC” floated overhead. Two big rigs adorned with Teamsters logos circled the convention center, honking their horns and blowing air brakes. Harold A. Schaitberger, President of the International Association of firefighters, told the crowd that ALEC's “sole purpose is to develop the most anti-worker, anti-employee, anti-union, anti-middle class, pro-business, pro corporation policies, legislation and agenda possible.”
Inside, white men in dark suits milled in the lobby of the Renaissance Hotel and the neighboring Cox Convention Center. Laughter floated through the hotel bar as corporate lobbyists (with a “private sector” tag on their name badge) huddled with state legislators (wearing “public sector” tags).
Fresh-faced interns hustled through the crowds, appearing exhilarated to be in the midst of dealmaking and power brokerage. Oklahoma City Police Officers in full uniform — but reportedly off-duty and paid by ALEC — stopped anyone not wearing a name badge from entering ALEC's sections of the convention center.
“We Know Who You Are”
On the morning of May 3, Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin — an ALEC “Legislator of the Year” in 2009 — gave the ALEC meeting's keynote address. The short, relatively generic speech was the only portion of the ALEC event open to the press: the task force meetings where prospective “model bills” are discussed and adopted were entirely closed-door and guarded by police.
Center for Media and Democracy Research Director Nick Surgey obtained press credentials at the ALEC registration desk. As they ascended the escalator towards the room where Governor Fallin was speaking, though, they were spotted by two ALEC staffers, and within minutes approached by a uniformed Oklahoma City police officer.
“I need those credentials,” the officer said.
“I registered,” Surgey replied.
“No, you didn't,” said a female ALEC staffer, who was accompanying the officer.
“I did, downstairs,” they said.
“It was…you shouldn't have been able to.”
The reason Surgey shouldn't have been allowed to register, according to the ALEC staffer:
“Because we know who you are.”
ALEC's Most Wanted
How does ALEC know who Surgey is?
CMD later obtained a document titled “OKC anti-ALEC photos” at the ALEC conference.
The page featured the pictures and names of eight people, four of whom work with CMD, including Surgey, CMD's general counsel Brendan Fischer and its Executive Director Lisa Graves, as well as CMD contributor Beau Hodai.
It is not known whether the photo array of people who have reported on or criticized ALEC was distributed to ALEC members or shared with Oklahoma City law enforcement.
Other targets on the document included The Nation's Lee Fang, who has written articles critical of ALEC, and Sabrina Stevens, an education activist who spoke out in an ALEC task force meeting last November. Also featured were Calvin Sloan of People for the American Way and Gabe Elsner of Checks and Balances Project, both of whom are ALEC detractors.
The name of ALEC Events Director Sarah McManamon was in the top corner, indicating the document was printed from their Google account.
Press Cannot Attend ALEC Meetings Because They Are “Going to Write an Article about It”
Although ALEC knew Surgey's name, the courtesy was not reciprocated.
“Can I ask your name?” Surgey asked the ALEC staffer who challenged their press credentials.
“Erm, why?” they replied.
“Is there any reason you wouldn't want to tell me your name?”
“Yeah, because I know who you are,” they said.
The staffer — whose organization had developed talking points claiming to support the First Amendment, which protects a free and vibrant press — added:
“Because you're going to write an article about it.”
Less than ten minutes after registering as press, Surgey had their credentials revoked and was ejected from the ALEC meeting by a police officer. As they were escorted away, the ALEC staffer repeated: “We know exactly who you are.”
Even before the Oklahoma meeting ALEC had been taking steps to keep its proceedings secret. It sent advance agendas to legislators via a Box.com link, making the records more difficult to obtain via public records requests, and most legislators told CMD they did not have a single ALEC-related record in their office that could be released under the public records law. In March, ALEC posted some of its model bills online in a shallow effort to appear “transparent,” but its actions suggest the organization is far more committed to secrecy.
Does ALEC Really Support Freedom of Assembly?
ALEC's efforts to limit the rights it claims to support did not end there.
Months before the ALEC meeting last week, a coalition of Oklahoma workers and civil rights organizations organized a screening of the Bill Moyers “United States of ALEC” documentary and a community forum to take place on May 3. The film was to be screened during the ALEC meeting but in a separate section of the Cox Convention Center. Speakers included representatives of CMD, AFSCME, Common Cause, a local church, the ACLU, and other groups.
The screening and panel was open to the public. Even ALEC members could attend.
But less than 24 hours before the event — which constituted a basic expression of free assembly — ALEC gave the community meeting the boot.
The hotel told organizers that ALEC invoked a clause in its contract allowing it the right to any rooms within the convention center, even those reserved by other groups. The ALEC community panel was moved from a room appropriate for a movie screening and panel discussion, and onto the floor of a stadium typically used for ice hockey (and which was kept at a temperature more appropriate for ice hockey than a movie screening).
“We were shocked,” said Debra Wojtek, communications director at the Oklahoma AFL-CIO, who planned the event. “We had a signed contract for that room, and thought that a contract was a contract. But apparently not for ALEC.” Because ALEC didn't actually use the room after claiming a right to it, Wojtek said, the AFL-CIO is considering legal action against ALEC for interference with contract.
Oklahomans Say “ALEC Is Not OK”
Despite the change in venue and the room's frigid temperature, the May 3 screening and community panel attracted a sizable and engaged crowd.
Dennis Van Roekel, president of the National Education Association teacher's union, told the crowd via Skype that ALEC has a “systematic approach to pushing a corporate agenda in all aspects of public policy.”
Ryan Kiesel, Executive Director of the Oklahoma ACLU, highlighted ALEC's support for bills to make it harder for Americans to vote through voter ID restrictions (and its promotion of sham “voter fraud” claims), and is not buying ALEC's claim that it has abandoned its voter suppression projects. “If ALEC were really withdrawing its support for voter ID, they could use their elected official proxies to announce that fraud is not a real problem, and that these laws are unnecessary,” they said. “But they have not.”
Jane Carter, an economist at AFSCME, identified the problems with the ALEC privatization agenda, particularly the Public-Private Fair Competition Act, a “forced privatization” bill that requires public services be turned over to corporate control if private industry claims they can do the service; this bill was recently introduced in Michigan. Phillip Martin of Progress Texas described how ALEC's healthcare agenda — particularly its adoption of the Health Care Compact, which asserts state control over health care — could be used to thwart federal healthcare reform.
Dr. George Young Senior, a Pastor at the Holy Temple Baptist Church in Oklahoma City, highlighted how ALEC is where the struggles of communities of color, workers, environmentalists and others converged — and how people need to unite against the forty-year-old organization to fight back.
“If we let this go on for another forty years,” they said, “next time they won't just move us out of our room, they will kick us out of the whole building!”
Denialist think tank the Heartland Institute likes to have all its besties over once a year to watch movies, braid each other's hair, and talk about how they don't believe in science or, when it comes down to it, really know what it is. Well, I have bad news for journalists looking for telling quotes, and for people like Lord Monckton who don't get invited to any other parties: This year's shindig was the last one for the foreseeable future.
The Heartland Institute has gotten in a lot of hot water lately, enraging not just activists but allies. People started giving the group the side-eye after some of its secret documents came to light, but the final straw was a hilariously asinine billboard campaign insinuating that people who care about the planet are psychos. So many funders walked out over that one that Heartland doesn't have the money to put on its annual Jerkapalooza anymore.
Oh, denialists — will you never again go to the ball? Perhaps your fairy godmother will come and save you. She's at least as plausible as the other things you believe in.
The Spectrum Award nominee and cover artist for Dark Horse‘s forthcoming Rebels #1 builds you a magnificent cover — one step at a time.
Rebels, the Revolutionary War-era historical fiction series by writer Brian Wood, artist Andrea Mutti and colorist Jordie Bellaire, comes out 4/8 — in time for Patriots' Day for you Massachusetts types. Here, Tula Lotay takes you behind the scenes on how they created the cover to the debut issue, step by step:
—
By TULA LOTAY
I work in Photoshop CS5 (must update) using digital blue line and normal inks scanned. Then paint the illustration digitally before adding water-colour textures and overlays. All these different stages are on their own layer so they can be added and taken away.
—
1. Thumbnail sketches
—
2. Main thumbnail selected
—
3. Digital blue line sketch to print for inks
—
4. Main inks
—
5. Tree water colour washes: Created separately so they would have a freer feel and can be moved around within the image once scanned.
—
6. I drop in background textures as starting point. I always leave my rough lines there as sometimes they can add an extra dimension to an image. Make it a bit more interesting.
—
7. I bring the darker blue back to define the white. Check the composition of the white is right and that the image flows correctly from top to bottom.
—
8. I don't like the way the original Red Coat soldiers at the top look, too static and too much detail, so I experiment with new versions, try to simplify. I practise drawing them really loose, in a similar way to some of the Saturday Evening Post illustrations of the '50s/'60s. Parts of those illustrations are super detailed and other parts are very lose and sketchy.
—
9. The soldiers still don't feel right and I really want to bring the red out for the Red Coats.
—
10. I try again with the Red Coat illustrations, making them loose still but incorporating the colour too.
—
11. I'm happy with these now. Just a few more tweaks.
—
11.5. Starting to paint in colour flats.
—
12. Base colour for the Mountain Boys. I usually paint this on another layer under the line.
—
13. I add more Red Coats and change the line colour. Work into them a bit more.
—
14. Now the line art and colour is ready. I start to overlay watercolour textures to see if any bring the image out more. Sometimes there are some really nice surprises at this stage, other times it's too much. I like the pink here but it doesn't work for the feel of the book.
—
15. Another idea of laying the Join or Die flag design over the Mountain Boys at the bottom. It's too much though.
—
15.5. Coffee and orange juice texture scanned and overlaid over the final image on the ‘Hard Light' setting in Photoshop.
—
16. Final image.
—
If you want this gorgeousness in your life, the Final Order Cut-Off is Monday 3/16. Diamond Order Code: FEB150008.
(UPDATED! If you want to see a similar piece on the interiors by Andrea Mutti — and you do — check out Bleeding Cool.)
"Content is king," many people believe, meaning that films, television shows, music, news and information are more profitable assets than the technology used to deliver them. But there's an older, cautionary aphorism that applies as well: "Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown." Content may be king, but, ironically, its perceived value today is being driven towards zero. In the eyes of consumers, content is becoming a commodity -- more a commoner than a king.
Everyone focuses on piracy, but there are actually six related reasons for the devaluation of content. The first is supply and demand. Demand -- the number of consumers and their available leisure time - is relatively constant, but supply -- online content -- has grown enormously in the last decade. Some of this is professional content set free from boundaries of time and space, now available worldwide, anytime, and usually at no cost (whether legally or not). Even more is user generated content (UGC) -- websites, blogs, YouTube videos -- created by non-professionals who don't care whether they get paid, and who themselves pay little or nothing to create and distribute it.
The second is the loss of physical form. It just seems natural to value a physical thing more highly than something intangible. Physical objects have been with us since the beginning of time; distributable intangible content has not. Perhaps for that reason, we tend to focus on per-unit costs (zero for an intangible such as a movie download), while forgetting about fixed costs (such as the cost of making the movie in the first place). Also, and critically, if you steal something tangible, you deny it to the owner; a purloined DVD is no longer available to the merchant, for instance. But if you misappropriate an intangible, it's still there for others to use. That's why, even before the Internet, sneaking into movie theaters -- stealing the right to view a movie -- seemed a mere rite of passage, whereas shoplifting a video did not.
The third reason is that acquiring content is increasingly frictionless. It's often easier, particularly for young people, to access content on the Internet than through traditional means. When it's easier to get something -- when transaction costs decline -- the thing costs less and loses value.
Fourth is that most new media business models are ad-supported rather than pay per view or subscription. If there's no cost to the user, why should consumers see the content as valuable, and if some content is free, why not all of it? True, ads impose a cost in the form of user attention, but many online ads are easily ignored, and, today, even television advertisements can be skipped using TiVo.
Fifth is market forces in the technology industry. Computers, web services, and consumer electronic devices are more valuable when more content is available. In turn, these products make content more usable by providing new distribution channels. Traditional media companies are slow to adopt these new technologies, for fear of cannibalizing revenue from existing channels and offending powerful distribution partners. In contrast, non-professionals, long denied access to distribution, rush to use the new technologies, as do pirates of professional content. As a result, technological innovation reduces the market share of paid professional content.
Finally, there's culture. A generation of users has grown up indifferent or hostile to copyright, particularly in music, movies and software. The reasons for this vary, but in music, for instance, some blame lies at the feet of the music labels, which maintained unrealistically high CD prices and attempted to sue piracy out of existence. Only now, almost ten years after Napster, are the labels offering the non-copy protected MP3's that consumers demand.
All these developments have led to a migration away from paid media. Why buy music when there's so much free music available, albeit much of it pirated? Buy a movie or watch TV on a conventional set? No need, when YouTube and BitTorrent make videos, and pirated movies and TV, free for the asking. Subscribe to a newspaper or magazine? Don't bother; most are free online, and there are literally millions of other sources for news, ranging from blogs like the Huffington Post to user generated content. (Full disclosure: I'm a blogger, which makes me part of the problem.) The TV news? Also becoming irrelevant. And books, magazines and journals? So much information is available online that whole categories of publications seem less important.
It's true that people still consume media the old-fashioned way -- but fewer and fewer do so every day. Most of the content industries are seeing flat or declining revenues and audiences. And these trends are particularly notable among younger people. As a result, the music industry is a shambles; the film and television businesses are running scared; and newspapers are disappearing or instituting cutbacks and layoffs. The handwriting is on the wall, or the laptop screen.
User generated content is often a poor substitute for professional content or traditional media. But that's little comfort. Alternate goods don't have to be perfect substitutes in order to acquire market share at the expense of the competition. And, yes, in some cases, new media make money for creators and companies - but the money's much less than it used to be. As NBC Universal's Jeff Zucker lamented, the content industries are being forced to "trade today's analog dollars for digital pennies."
Another effect is that the market for professional content is becoming more concentrated and less diverse. Thus, at least in some media, audiences are shifting more of their spending to hit properties -- the most popular movies and books, for instance -- to the detriment of specialized content such as art house films and mid-list titles. Similarly, in a trend that predates the Internet but continues today, media businesses are consolidating and becoming conglomerates, as individual companies find it harder and harder to compete.
Easy has been writing their name on the streets of New York since the '80s. They retired some years ago, but now he's un-retired. Son is all city.
Photos by Will Robson-Scott
Easy has been writing their name on the streets of New York since the '80s. They retired some years ago, but now he's un-retired. Son is all city.
Easy is a nickname that was given to me by females when I was in school. Because I was kinda laid-back and cool. It was like “Hey, Easy.” I was cool with it. I'm never mad at the ladies. I first started writing in 1982 under the name of LC. My brother got me into graffiti. I was totally against it at first — I wasn't into writing on trains or property. But I went out on a little journey with my brother on the trains; I put my name up. Boom, boom, boom! I'd seen my tags when I was going to school one day and I was like “wow.” From that day on, I started loving this art form.
Josh 5 and Gast were my first partners. After that, it was me and Joz. And then TeKay TNR got involved … That was when we just lost our minds. We focused on the trains — mainly the 3 line — and the streets. But back in the ‘80s, we got a lot of attention on the streets because there weren't a lot of people doing it at the time. And we were going pretty hard.
Me, Josh 5 and Gast started doing streets in 1983. As far as guys who were doing streets, back in the ‘80s you had Pre Sweet, Flasher, OE, Prince EA, Bio, Become Catholic, Arise, Lil Man, Trim, Trech, Chino BYI, Saint TMR. The streets were dangerous back then. New York was the wild, wild west. The crack era was in full swing.
You could be putting your name up on a wall but someone else might be thinking you're putting up a sign to kill somebody … We got chased by tons of people, man. We would go to suburban areas where people were pretty much racist. Then they would call the cops on us and make up bogus accusations.
One time, me, Gast, Chama and Joz got off on the last stop on the 2 train. We did our thing as we walked up towards Yonkers. A pickup truck tried to run Joz over. Ten minutes later, we saw like 12 cop cars coming at us. That was nerve-racking. They thought we were up to some other criminal activities. They took us to the precinct. They kept Joz and Chama because they were too young to get released. Meanwhile, I still had my cans on me. They didn't search me thoroughly enough. I always kept my cans tucked in nicely at my back. But they didn't care about the graffiti because of the initial accusations. They thought we were trying to break into people's homes.
I really don't like talking about myself, but it was amazing back then. It wasn't just writers who noticed me back then, but rappers and actors … that's how I met KRS One. They were a writer so they knew what was up. But then there was Rakim and LL [Cool J] — I'd heard that they wanted to meet me, too. Which blew me away, because I didn't really think that people noticed what we were doing. Writing was just something we did for fun. The fame I had back then was just wild.
Spray cans, spray cans, spray cans — that was my life back then. I was pretty much addicted more than anybody in my crew. There were times when these guys didn't want to bomb and I'd go to the train yards or the streets by myself. I had a real graffiti problem. I had moved out of New York for some years and when I moved back in 2010, I was praying that I wouldn't get that problem again. But unfortunately, it's there. It's hard to kick.
Joz had an issue with a guy who wrote Seze; Joz went over them one time, and they destroyed Joz's stuff all over the place. Joz also had an issue with PJay—PJay would put their P's in front of Joz's J's. Joz was on a manhunt for those two guys. Me? I had a little beef with Cap MPC on the trains. But who didn't have beef with that guy?
I never really quit. When I moved to Virginia I was still doing a little something, but there was no one else down there who did at the time. I stopped for a few years after Joz passed away. They died because of an asthma attack back in 2002. Their passing devastated me. I'm still devastated, actually. I almost shared that same fate last year. I was that close from passing away myself. Both of my lungs collapsed. Pneumonia. I don't wear a respirator when I paint but whenever I spray I hold my breath.
Next Page–>
Pages: 1 2
Third Graders Thirsty for an Exciting Classroom Library
My students need exciting new books in our library to ignite a love of reading, including Capture the Flag, Stranded, and Sideways Stories from Wayside School.
My Students
Did you know 1 in 4 adults has not read a book in the last YEAR? My biggest goal for this year is to send every student to the next grade with a passion for reading. Literacy is so incredibly important and I firmly believe that children MUST be engaged at a young age. They need exciting stories!
This will be my first year in a new school (thus the need for NEW books!) so I don't know my students just yet, but the third graders I have worked with in the past have all had such an enthusiasm for learning.
I have worked with almost every grade level and every type of learning ability, and I believe that all students WANT to learn.
My Project
Books such as Capture the Flag, Stranded, and Sideways Stories from Wayside School will go to GREAT use as a part of our classroom library. We will be reading frequently and books will be suggested to students based on reading level and interest. When a student is interested in the text they are reading, their comprehension triples!
I absolutely love to read, and I know that not everybody does.
However, as a language arts centered classroom, it is my goal to create a love for reading in every single student. I will expose them to a variety of styles and subjects in order to help them find a genre they love, whether it is anime, mystery, or science fiction.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 30, 2016, 1:43 AM GMT / Updated April 30, 2016, 7:16 PM GMT By Elisha Fieldstadt
A mother of six was arrested Friday after two toddlers were found chained and tied in the backyard of a Texas home late Thursday, authorities said.
Deputies went to the home at around 11:45 p.m. after a neighbor reported hearing a crying child, and found the toddlers tied up, one with a chain to the ground and another tied to a door with a dog leash, the Bexar County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
"To describe this as disturbing is an understatement," sheriff's office spokesperson James Keith told NBC affiliate WOAI. “This is a sick, disturbing, horrific crime.”
The toddlers, 2 and 3 years old, were freed, and six other children, from 10 months old to 13 years old, were found in the home with no adults around, the sheriff's office said.
Porucha Phillips, 34, the mother of the six children inside the home, was taken into custody as they and another person came home Friday morning, the sheriff's office said.
Porucha Denise Phillips Bexar County Magistrate's Office
Authorities said Phillips was responsible for caring for the the two toddlers found outside, and they face two charges of injury to a child by omission with serious bodily injury. She's being held on $150,000 bond, according to Bexar County records.
WOAI reported that Phillips has claimed the two toddlers were left there by their parents, who had not been located as of Friday night, and they reportedly told deputies they planned to take the kids to authorities because they couldn't care for them. They reportedly denied restraining either child.
The two children who were found outside remained hospitalized Friday, and the six other children are in the care of Texas Child Protective Services, according to the agency.
"There are concerns they may be malnourished," said a Child Protective Services statement.
One of the children being treated in the hospital is suffering from a fractured wrist and arm, while the other has abrasions and scarring, the statement said.
The protective services agency said it had no records of past involvement with the family.
"Anytime when you have a situation where you see a helpless person or a child abused or hurt its tough and it takes a toll on everybody," Keith said. "There were very few dry eyes after this situation."
New BlackBerry keyboard update since quite a few people wanted it so bad! @ Xaiux , you mind updating the OP?Before you continue, if your device runs anything below Android 5.0 (the app was made for Android 5.0 and up), give up, don't even post here asking why it's not working.App Version: 1.1.0.3942App Update Date: 2015-12-14Android Requirement: 5.0 and upNeeds Anything Else: No Normal Patched Variant - No DP changes were made, all that was done is the regular patch to get it working on most other Android devices. DP Patched Variant * - This one fixes the annoying large word suggestions above the letters, originally it caused the keyboard to look like something for toddlers. I found the issue on my Galaxy S6, not sure if any other QHD screen has the same problem, however, as a reference, I have a picture showing the difference below.* You do not have to use the DP Patched APK, however it's there if you feel like the word suggestion text size is a bit too big for your taste. Additionally, I have looked into back-porting this to Android 4.1 (as an example), no luck there, will have to put in a lot more work to do that.This patched version of the BlackBerry Keyboard is still solely BlackBerry's property. If BlackBerry requests that I remove the download links, I will do so without a doubt and won't continue even thinking of patching the app. By downloading this APK, you're not supporting BlackBerry either; however to do so, go either buy a Priv (or any other BlackBerry product for that matter) to support them financially, or spread word and get people to buy their products. Also, if the app doesn't work on your phone, tough luck, this app was made for the Priv in mind, thus it was never intended for your phone in the first place.
In the wake of the Supreme Court's decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby, which said for-profit businesses can get religious exemptions to insurance coverage of contraception, you're probably hearing a lot of dubious assertions about contraceptive access. Here are some facts.
1. “What's the big deal? Contraceptives are cheap.” Not many of the most effective ones, which save money over time but have high up-front costs. For example, the IUD, to which Hobby Lobby objects, can cost between $500 and $1,000, including the care surrounding its insertion. The monthly cost of the hormonal pill can be low, but doesn't make sense for all kinds of women, including those who experience side effects. Under the regulations Hobby Lobby objects to, the out-of-pocket cost for any FDA-approved contraceptive should be zero.
According to the brief from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, “Lack of insurance coverage deters many women from choosing a high-cost contraceptive, even if that method is best for their health and lifestyle, and may result in them resorting to a method that places them more at risk for medical complications or improper or inconsistent use.”
Women are already saving money under the contraceptive coverage requirement, which began going into effect in August 2012; an average of $269 per woman, according to a recent report by the IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics, or $483 million total in 2013.
2. “But Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood only object to four forms of contraception.” That is true. (As the Guttmacher Institute's Adam Sonfield points out, in their formal complaints, they also object to counseling for those forms for contraception. No one knows what that will mean in practice.) But there are dozens of other plaintiffs in cases pending before federal courts who object to all birth control. For example, the owners of Freshway Foods object to all forms of birth control coverage. They already got a preliminary injunction at the D.C. Circuit, where Judge Janice Rogers Brown described the coverage requirement as “the compelled subsidization of a woman's procreative practices.”
Here's a list of the 149 for-profit companies whose cases are already pending, including several that object to all forms of contraception. Now that the Supreme Court has sanctioned their standing to make those claims and classified the coverage requirement as a substantial burden, they only have to show the sincerity of their beliefs to win.
3. “Anyway, those forms of contraception are actually abortifacient.” The baseline question here is whether potentially and intentionally preventing the implantation of a fertilized egg constitutes abortion. That's not the medical definition of abortion, which is ending a pregnancy. But let's say your sincerely held belief is that interfering with the implantation of a fertilized egg is tantamount to abortion, as it is for the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood owners. There is very little evidence showing that the objected-to methods – two forms of intrauterine devices and two forms of emergency contraception – even work that way, with the exception of the copper IUD.
There are two kinds of emergency contraception on the market: an over-the-counter one generally known as Plan B and a prescription-only one known as Ella. According to the amicus brief filed by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and several other medical associations, “there is no scientiﬁc evidence that emergency contraceptives available in the United States and approved by the FDA affect an existing pregnancy.” Instead, they prevent ovulation, so there is no egg to fertilize. That includes the longer-acting Ella: “There is no evidence that [Ella] affects implantation.”
One form of the IUD, known on the market at the Mirena, includes hormones that prevent ovulation. The other, preferred by women who experience side effects from artificial hormones, doesn't. “When used as emergency contraception” – i.e., after unprotected sexual activity – “the [non-hormonal IUD] could also act to prevent implantation,” according to the amicus.
If you're keeping count, that's one out of four that maybe does what the plaintiffs say it does, in the rare instances it's inserted after unprotected sex – and that's still not the medical definition of abortion.
4. “But the government can just pay.” This one comes right from the majority, which said the Obama administration had failed the test of finding the least restrictive means to accomplish its goal. Justice Samuel Alito, writing the majority opinion, suggested “the most straightforward way” of filling the gaps would be for “the government to assume the cost.” They don't have to care that this is, under current political realities, laughable. Senate Democrats have said they'll introduce a legislative fix to the gaps left by the Hobby Lobby decision, but no one seriously thinks such a bill would become law.
There is an existing family-planning funding program for low-income women, Title X, and nearly all House Republicans have already voted to gut it. In the 2012 campaign, Mitt Romney promised they would kill the program altogether.
Title X funding has gone down more than two-thirds since 1980, after adjusting for inflation,” said the Guttmacher Institute's Adam Sonfield. “It is far less funded than it needs to be to fully meet the needs of low-income, uninsured people in this county,” they added. “Adding all of these privately insured people would overload it even more and make it even more vulnerable to political attacks.”
Some commentators have argued that contraception is cheaply available at Planned Parenthood. That would be largely due to the same federal funding that's under attack, or state administration of it. In numerous states, most notoriously Texas, access to contraception has been sharply curtailed by politicians looking to punish Planned Parenthood for separately provided abortion.
Alito also says the government can just add female employees of religious objectors to the same accommodation the objecting non-profits got, where coverage comes directly from the insurer.  They are aware, of course, that 122 religiously-affiliated non-profits are already suing over that accommodation, with one of their attorneys calling the opt-out form a “permission slip for abortion.” Mark Rienzi, the same attorney (who also represented Eleanor McCullen in their successful challenge to Massachusetts' buffer zone law), wrote yesterday that they believe the court's reasoning in Hobby Lobby paves the way for the nonprofits to win the same full exemption churches got – in other words, the employee gets no insurance coverage at all.
Even if private employers do agree to the nonprofit accommodation, it's based on an administrative regulation that can change when the occupant of the White House does.
5. “It's just contraception. It's not vital health care.” This also comes straight from the majority opinion, though more implicitly. Alito holds at arms' length the government's claims that “public health” and “gender equality” are compelling interests, because, they say, they're too broad. Whether the law serves a “compelling government interest” is part of the test under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was the crucial law in the case. But it's sufficiently unclear that Alito believes contraceptive access matters at all that Justice Anthony Kennedy felt the need to write separately to “confirm” it.
Believing women's equality matters is a value – one that, clearly, not everyone holds. But contraceptives' public health benefits are inarguable. Just ask the leading group for obstetricians and gynecologists, who wrote in their brief, “Pregnancies that are too frequent and too closely spaced, which are more likely when those pregnancies are unintended, put women at significantly greater risk for permanent physical health damage … The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention identified family planning as one of the greatest public health achievements of the twentieth century, finding that smaller families and longer birth intervals contribute to the better health of infants, children, and women, as well as improving the social and economic roles of women.” They added, “Contraception also helps to protect the health of those women for whom pregnancy can be hazardous, or even life-threatening,” which Justice Kennedy does note in their concurrence.
There are also benefits unrelated to pregnancy, the ACOG amicus points out: Hormonal birth control “helps address several menstrual disorders, helps prevent menstrual migraines, treats pelvic pain from endometriosis, and treats bleeding from uterine fibroids.”
Is all of that “compelling”? Justice Alito declined to explicitly say.
Political debate is often a matter of controlling the terms, since the names we call things often dictate the way we feel about them. For example, those who support abortion want to be known as “pro-choice” rather than “pro-abortion.” The preference is interested in that it reveals that, even among its supporters, abortion is not really something worthy of support. “Choice,” however, sounds a lot like “freedom,” and hence is worthy of our highest support. Of course, since the “choice” is the choice for abortion, there is not really a functional difference between the terms; it is merely a matter of marketing.
By the same token, the anti-abortion movement would prefer to be known as “pro-life.” Here the situation is completely different, because while being pro-life means being anti-abortion, being anti-abortion doesn't necessarily mean being pro-life; the different names really do designate different things. One can be anti-abortion on narrow moral grounds, on political grounds, or just out of certain fastidiousness. But families do a lot more than just give birth, and life is more than just its beginning. A true pro-life movement could be—and should have been—the foundation of a new Catholic politics. This is crucial because after the Second Vatican Council, Catholic politics in America severely deteriorated. What had been a strong presence dwindled so that there was very little difference between the Catholic voter and the rest of the population. The strong pro-worker bias of Catholic politics became bifurcated into radical divergent wings and highly partisan. But a pro-life party could have found areas of agreement between the factions and become a true “centrist” movement.
What would a pro-life agenda look like? Mostly, it would be pro-family:
Pro-Family Wage. Wages have stagnated for over 30 years; in fact, the median wage has declined in the face of vastly increased productivity. This has put pressure on women to enter the work force, limiting their freedom to be full-time mothers and homemakers. The Just Wage is intrinsic to Catholic social teaching and a pro-family policy. Without it, you cannot be a pro-life party, and certainly not pro-family.
Pro-natalist. The bias of both law and policy should support families and particularly large families. American politics has been caught in the grip of a false Malthusian doctrine, one that is disproved in generation after generation, yet still holds sway in the culture. Further, the accepted neoclassical economic doctrines privilege capital over labor. This is a direct result of a Malthusian outlook, which makes people problematic, and wealth an end in itself. Capital is thought to be the true source of wealth, while labor is just a drag on profits. What the economy needs first of all is a supply of workers and consumers, and if we don't “produce” these ourselves, people will come across the border—legally and otherwise—to fill the spaces we have left vacant.
Pro (Marian-)Feminist. Secular feminism doesn't seem to differ much from anti-feminism, and leaves women in an ambiguous place in the society. But in such a masculinity culture such as ours, a real feminism would be a real gift; we affirm not merely the dignity of women, but even more we affirm that women do tend to have a different spiritual and psychological outlook. Thus women make a unique contribution, not only in birth but also in every aspect of life, but they need freedom to make this contribution. And the first freedom that women need is the freedom to be mothers. Currently society makes this very difficult. Usually, they must be mothers in addition to all the burdens of wage earners. Sarah Palin seems to be the modern model, where the needs of the family are subordinated to the needs of the career. This is not real feminism; women in this model must be like pit bulls (that is, like their male counterparts) with lipstick. Some women, I'm sure, will find that appealing. But others will not, and the current culture of death favors the pit-bull view.
Pro-education. The education system has failed in this country, and even the college-educated are often functional illiterates. A pro-education policy would include both public and private schools, and even (or especially) homeschooling, since the primary authority and responsibility for education remains with the parents. But for this to be the case, the first three points in this list must also be true.
Pro Just War Doctrine. A Catholic party would not be pacifist, at least not when home and hearth were truly threatened. But it would be opposed to most of the wars we have actually fought. Nothing this side of divorce quite disrupts a family like sons and fathers (and increasingly today, mothers) marching off to war. This should only happen when the war can be unambiguously squared with the just war doctrine.
Pro-employment. A pro-family policy would not subordinate the needs of the economy to globalist doctrines. Families need work, and providing that work is the first duty of the economy and economic policy. We would make intelligent trade decisions that truly benefited both sides (the only kind of just agreement) and not merely imported poverty.
Other issues would be seen in a new light by a Catholic pro-family movement. For example, health care. Now, one may be for it or not, but surely a pro-natalist policy would ensure that every mother had access to pre-natal care and basic health care for their children, regardless of their economic status. A pro-family politics even sheds light on city planning. Is the vast separation of working, shopping, and living quarters really conducive to family life? Should the subsidies to such centripetal forces that spread cities out (subsidies such as the “freeways”) really just a hindrance to family life, a hindrance supported with public money?
A pro-life polity is not so much a group of programs as it is a new (and counter-cultural) way of looking at things. It allows us to work with a variety of people at different levels, and so bridge merely partisan differences in American politics. For example, we can work with Fundamentalists, who may merely be anti-abortion, and with Evangelicals who are pro-family, and with Democrats who want to improve the worker's situation, and with Republicans who want to restore virtue in public life, etc. More importantly, it allows us to showcase the richness of Catholic Social Teaching, and is therefore a tool of evangelization. It allows us to display the love of Christ and say with St. Paul, “Look at these Christians, how they love one another.”
With all that in mind, we can ask, “Is the current pro-life movement really pro-life or just anti-abortion?” Before I answer that, let me relate the phone call that prompted these ruminations.
Many years ago a reader of this Review called to say that their parish priest had told them that a vote for Obama was a mortal sin and put their soul at risk. Now, as a mere matter of canon law, the priest exceeded their authority; such pronouncements can only be made by competent authority, and that authority is not the parish priest. If the priest's bishop has made such a pronouncement, the priest may repeat. But they have no authority to make this ruling on their own. However, if the priest is right, if voting for a candidate who supports abortion is a mortal sin, then neither could one vote for John McCain, who supported (and supports) abortion in cases of rape, incest, and when the mother's life is in danger. We know from past experience that these exceptions turn out to be nearly identical to abortion-on-demand. Further, McCain supported federal money for new lines of embryonic stem cell research, which not only requires abortions, but actually creates a market for aborted children. Now, one may argue that McCain is slightly better on abortion and therefore deserved our vote, and that's fine. But surely the difference is not enough to compel it.
The priest in question subverted the power of the confessional for purely partisan political purposes. Christians should be able to go to confession without receiving a political diatribe. At all times, the Church must speak out on particular issues and at some times must prohibit a vote for particular candidates. But this is the function of competent authority.
But the incident does serve as a metaphor for the political wing of the anti-abortion movement. It has never been a pro-life movement, and has always subordinated the totality of Catholic Social Teaching to the needs of the Republican Party. This might even be justified on the grounds of pragmatic politics. But in fact, more than 35 years of slavish devotion to the Republican Party has produced very little in the way of results. They make a few statements, toss of few crumbs our way, but mostly treat us with contempt, the same kind of contempt that useful idiots and fellow travelers deserve from their ideological masters. The truth is that the Republicans have appointed 70% or more of all the judges in this country, and if they had wanted to shut down Roe v. Wade, they could have done so a long time ago. But they do not and will not.
This is not to say that people who actually work the issue have not been effective. Those who walk the picket, who pray for the mothers and babies, who counsel mothers facing difficulties, who adopt babies, who establish orphanages, and who show the love of Christ in a hundred over ways, have actually saved lives and won souls for Christ.
The Republicans have not paid very much for the devotion given them by the pro-life voters, voters who usually provide their margin of victory in election after election. They are not even an anti-abortion party, much less a pro-life party. Rather, they are a “Big Tent” party, content to accept our support, especially when it is offered so cheaply and with so few conditions. Lip service is enough. Indeed, abortion was originally supported by the Republican Party, under the Libertarian rhetoric of “get the government off my back and out of the bedroom!” Conservatives forget that before Roe v. Wade compelled the states to allow abortion, California did so voluntarily, and did so with the support and the signature of Governor Ronald Reagan. Their conversion to the cause only came after they saw its political power to seduce a lot of Catholic voters.
The result of giving our votes so cheaply is that we now have one-and-a-half pro-abortion parties and one-half an anti-abortion party.
Whole Foods CEO John Mackey is not worried about their latest controversial claim, despite the onslaught of negative feedback from their customers.
On Friday, Mackey said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that they didn't think their recent comparison of Obamacare to fascism would hurt sales at Whole Foods, according to a tweet from the television program's account:
Mackey says they believe their comment on health care (http://t.co/oqCrnawq) won't hurt sales at Whole Foods. #morningjoe — Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) January 18, 2013
The CEO earlier this week criticized President Barack Obama's health care reform law, saying “it's more like fascism," and that the government controls "the means of production" in health care.
Mackey later said in a segment on HuffPost Live on Thursday that they regretted comparing Obamacare to “fascism,” despite remaining skeptical of Obama's plan.
"I regret using that word now because it's got so much baggage attached to it," Mackey said. "Of course, I was just using the standard dictionary definition."
Libba Letton, a Whole Foods spokesperson, told HuffPost that the CEO's statements on "Morning Joe" stand on their own, and did not provide further thoughts on the matter.
So far, Mackey's claim about sales seems to be right. Whole Foods stock has seen little change since the CEO first spoke about the issue, trading at $90.05 as of late morning on Friday.
Yet despite the CEO's confidence, their comments produced a robust vocal outcry from Whole Food shoppers across the country.
In one of hundreds of emails that The Huffington Post received from customers in response to Mackey's stance on Obamacare, Marcus Poisson, a 52-year-old from Providence, R.I., wrote that they and their wife will never shop at Whole Foods again. Poisson wrote that they used to shop at Whole Foods almost exclusively, sometimes spending $200 a week.
Julie Best, an educator and pastor from Valencia, Calif., wrote in that they felt the same way.
“I cannot conceive how a CEO of a health food grocery chain that promotes wellness would suggest that any person should be denied access to health care,” they said.
Mackey's controversial comment aside, a look at the grocery store chain's health care benefits revealed that Whole Foods offers its workers some of the best benefits in the country. Mackey does not believe in denying access to health care, but instead wrote that the "country would be far better served by combining free enterprise capitalism with a strong governmental safety net for our poorest citizens and those with preexisting conditions, helping everyone to be able to buy insurance," according to a recent letter posted on Whole Foods' company blog.
Once the letter was posted, Whole Foods shoppers responded in full force. The company's Facebook page received over 1,400 comments about the matter, including one from Beata Kittas saying, “You just lost another customer. Go back to school because you need more education. Using words that you don't understand.”
Here is a screenshot from Whole Food's Facebook page:
Whole Foods spokesperson Letton said the company had no further comment on their Facebook followers' reaction to Mackey's letter.
Motorist caught with a mannequin in Katy HOV lane HOV cheaters learn officers, fellow drivers are no dummies
Officers monitoring the Interstate 10 HOV lane confiscated this mannequin and gave a citation to Steven Antonich, of Katy. They were allowed to keep the hat. Officers monitoring the Interstate 10 HOV lane confiscated this mannequin and gave a citation to Steven Antonich, of Katy. They were allowed to keep the hat. Photo: Harris County Precinct 5 Constab Photo: Harris County Precinct 5 Constab Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Motorist caught with a mannequin in Katy HOV lane 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
If you're driving down the road and happen to notice that the passenger in the car next to you is a mannequin, you might think nothing of it, this being Houston and all.
But not in the Katy Freeway's High Occupancy Vehicle lane. Not when you've recruited a live passenger.
And not in the "managed lanes," where you need an EZ Tag for the privilege of paying the toll.
"We get a lot of calls with stuff like this - people complaining that they have to pay the toll but they see a lot of cars in the HOV with only one (occupant)," said Capt. Terry Allbritton with the Harris County Precinct 5 Constables Office.
Precinct 5 deputies monitor the Katy's managed lanes and HOV lanes for toll violators, speeders and other offenders.
More people than you might think resort to commuting with mannequins to save time and money, Allbritton said.
"I wouldn't say we get one every day, but we see it a lot," they said. "We've caught them with little dolls in the back seat to make it look like a child in the car."
About 5:20 p.m. Thursday, a Precinct 5 deputy caught Steven Antonich, 47, as they headed west in the Katy HOV lane with a mannequin in the front seat.
The floppy hat obscuring the odd-looking passenger's face didn't fool Deputy Cory Davis, who was standing next to their patrol car.
Davis hopped into their car and pulled up next to Antonich's vehicle, the captain said.
"It was definitely a mannequin," Allbritton said. "He was trying to use the HOV instead of the toll lane. They were issued a citation for failure to pay a toll."
Goes on driving record
Antonich, a Katy resident, admitted to having the mannequin in their car for a few months, Allbritton said. The mannequin was confiscated, but Antonich was allowed to keep the hat.
The citation for failing to pay the toll on a managed lane carries a $150 fine and goes on the violator's driving record, like a speeding ticket, Albritton said.
Since the managed lanes opened in October 2008, Precinct 5 deputies have written almost 17,000 citations for failure to pay tolls and other offenses, Allbritton said.
The most common excuse is time pressure, they said.
"People always say, 'I've got to get to work on time,' " Allbritton said. " 'I can't sit in that traffic.' "
In many cases, that simply means they don't want to pay the toll, since tolled lanes are available between Texas 6 and the 610 Loop, they said.
"West of Highway 6, there's no toll road," the captain noted. "That's where a mannequin would come in handy."
Watchful commuters
Deputies depend upon tips from other motorists, such as the one who ratted out a fellow commuter with a virtually undetectable fake passenger.
"There was no way to tell it was a mannequin, but someone called in with that lady's license plate and said, 'Hey, we know they have a mannequin in the car,' " Allbritton said.
To report suspected toll violators, call 713-222-7328. If possible, include the suspicious vehicle's license plate number.
carol.christian@chron.com
twitter.com/christiancarol
Foreign Policy: The White House insists Islamists really like America and Obama, that it "takes time to build a democracy" and that embassy marauders and murderers are just peeved over a cheesy Internet movie trailer.
In fact, anti-American (and anti-Israeli) attitudes among Egyptians have been clear and quantifiable for years, even during the much-romanticized "Arab Spring" uprising. And Obama is ignoring the data now like they ignored them then.
In a February 2011 editorial, "What Egyptians Really Want," we were the first newspaper to puncture the "Arab Spring" myth with hard data from a Pew Research Center poll taken in 2010 showing the vast majority of Egyptians hate America and shun our values.
They never wanted Western-style democracy or protection of human rights. They wanted a theocracy based on barbaric Shariah law. Over 80% want to stone to death Muslims who leave Islam and also stone women accused of adultery. Other highlights:
 82% of Egyptians dislike the U.S. — the highest unfavorable rating of the 19 Muslim nations surveyed.
 49% of Egyptians said Islam had played only a "small role" in public affairs under President Hosni Mubarak, while 95% preferred the religion play a "large role in politics."
 77% think thieves should have their hands cut off.
 54% support a law segregating women from men in the workplace.
 54% believe suicide bombings that kill civilians can be justified.
 Nearly half support the terrorists Hamas, 30% have a favorable opinion of Hezbollah and one in five have positive views of al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden.
This explains why so many young Arab men — the same demographic lionized by the media as the "freedom fighters" of Tahrir Square — chanted "Obama, Obama, there are a billion Osamas," as they tore down our embassy flag and hoisted the black flag of al-Qaida.
Instead of romanticizing last year's Tahrir Square protesters with the rest of the media, we looked at the empirical evidence and warned that they'd turn on us — as well as our ally Israel.
Another Egyptian public opinion poll — conducted in 2011 by Shoen LLC, and also ignored by the major media — found that a stunning 70% of Egyptians want to tear up the 30-year peace treaty with Israel.
We used such data to warn that the Egyptian elections Obama engineered would lead to a radical outcome throughout the Mideast. We were right, they were wrong, and now he's doubling down on their mistakes.
The president was wrong in Libya, as well, where they thought the vacuum left by Muammar Gadhafi would never be filled with "Islamic extremism," as Ambassador Christopher Stevens worried in their diary.
The blood of Stevens and other diplomats is on the hands of the president and their secretary of state. They scaled back diplomatic security as a gesture of trust toward the new regimes. This was a fatal mistake.
The president says the flowering of democracy in Egypt and the other Muslim states where they backed Islamist coups is a "work in progress." We can't risk seeing how it plays out.
Description
The UW-Madison Police Department has arrested a 19-year old UW-Madison student for third degree sexual assault and false imprisonment.
On Saturday, May 10, a female victim contacted the UW-Madison Police Department to report that they had been sexually assaulted a week prior, on Friday, May 2. The survivor told UWPD officers that they were in their residence hall room when Douglas M. Gill, 19, entered their room and sexually assaulted them They reported that Gill had been drinking alcohol and snorting cocaine prior to the assault.
UWPD officers immediately started an investigation — within a few hours, Gill was taken into custody. They were booked into the Dane County Jail on tentative charges of third degree sexual assault and false imprisonment.
Recent statistic indicate 20-percent of college female students experience a sexual assault. In most cases, the victim and suspect know one another. If you've experienced a sexual assault, please tell us — the university has many resources available to help you. In addition, our officers are highly trained and are sensitive to your requests for safety and privacy, they'll progress at a pace that works for you, and they will ensure you know your rights and options as a survivor.
Click here for more information.
When I first told people that I was switching from my MacBook Air to a Surface they thought I was joking. For 5 years I have been the proud owner of a MacBook Pro and then a MacBook Air and vehemently defended all things Apple. Slowly the glamour of Apple's services weaned off and I realized that Apple wasn't as innovative as it seemed to be on the outside. Services such as iCloud didn't work properly, updates to OSX didn't improve things but slowed my computer down. Slowly I made the switch from Apple's services to Google. They had the advantage of being free and top notch quality. What followed was the hardware. I first switched from an iPhone to the Nexus 4 because there simply wasn't anything better for the price. Then a few weeks after starting my degree I sold my iPad and replaced it with the Nexus 7. Yet I still had my MacBook and blindly defended MacBooks as the best computers out there.
I hadn't actually been looking to switch systems. It just came by itself. Windows 8 intrigued me from the start but being the strong Apple owner that I had been I pushed it out of my consciousness. Then after a while it slowly came back. I realized that touch was more intuitive but it just didn't exist on the platform that I was except for the iPad and iPhone. So I started doing my research looking for articles about Windows 8. Especially important to me was apps. The one app I can't live without is Evernote. When I saw what Evernote touch was I started to become convinced. The way Windows 8 was implemented in the Surface, combining real computing with the portability, was also interesting to me.
On top of all that I felt the need to try something new. I had gone through all things Apple and had completely lost touch with everything else. Switching to Android had shown me what else was out there but I still felt like it wasn't complete.
With that I decided to sell the MacBook that I had and use that money buy a Surface Pro 2. The one question I get asked the most is why I would even think of switching from Apple to Microsoft.
First some context. I'm a graduate student doing a communications degree. Nearly everybody on my course has a MacBook and everybody definitely has an iPhone. So having anything other than that makes you the tech outsider. On top of that I'm a self confessed tech geek.
Having used Apple's OSX for the past five years I came to enjoy the simplicity after Windows Vista forced me to leave the Microsoft ecosystem. I still do enjoy it and recommend it to anybody who doesn't want to tinker with technology. You just push a button and everything is ready. Yet I still switched.
Incoming Hurricane Irma is menacing Florida, USA, prompting mandatory evacuations – and threatening to ruin Elon Musk's week too.
On Wednesday, SpaceX is due to deliver the US Air Force's secretive X-37B pocket space shuttle into orbit, using a Falcon 9 rocket blasting off from Cape Canaveral in the usually Sunshine State. The X-37B is usually launched by SpaceX's bitter rival the United Launch Alliance, but the Musketeers have convinced the US Department of Defense to let them try it.
"The many firsts on this mission make the upcoming [orbital test vehicle] launch a milestone for the program," said Randy Walden, the director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, before the weekend. "It is our goal to continue advancing the X-37B [orbital test vehicle] so it can more fully support the growing space community."
This is the fifth mission for the X-37B: the last one kept the space plane aloft for nearly two years. As ever, the Department of Defense isn't saying what the shuttle's payload is other than that it's carrying "small satellite ride shares and will demonstrate greater opportunities for rapid space access and on-orbit testing of emerging space technologies."
With a catastrophic category-five hurricane bearing down on the US coast and the rocket's launchpad, though, it's now highly unlikely the scheduled takeoff will go ahead on the date planned, unless the storm either slows, weakens, or diverts its course. Even so it'll be chucking out swathes of cloud and rain, both of which can disrupt launches.
It's a pain for SpaceX because not only has it stolen one of the ULA's prime plums, but the Falcon was also going to be used to launch the X-37B into a higher inclination orbit than was managed in the past, when it was lifted using a smaller Atlas V rocket.
If the hurricane does track into Florida, SpaceX and NASA could have bigger problems on its hands. Cape Canaveral is basically built on a large sandbar and the high winds and tidal surges a mega-storm produces could damage the facility.
Since Hurricane Andrew in 1992, all new buildings at the location have been built to withstand wind speeds of up to 130mph. However, Irma is, right now, producing winds in excess of 180mph and may pick up more strength before it hits the coast.
In such conditions the space center goes into lockdown. Non-essential staff are evacuated and a core team of volunteers stays on site until the storm is past, safe in the launch bunkers. For safety reasons they aren't allowed out in wind speeds higher than 58mph, but they can still be on site for immediate repairs and cleanup. ®
When the life of Pablo Escobar came to an ugly end on December 2, 1993 – tracked down and killed by a US-trained Colombian hit squad on a barrio rooftop – it brought to a close the criminal career of the most powerful drug trafficker the world has known.
“I have very clear memories of a big, fat man dead on the roof of a house,” says Brazilian actor Wagner Moura, who plays the cocaine king in the new 10-part Netflix series Narcos , which arrives on the internet streaming service on August 28th. The photograph of the US agents posing beside Escobar's corpse as if it were a hunting trophy was seen across the world. What it didn't show was that this one fat man had been able to bring an entire country to its knees.
As head of the infamous Medellín drug cartel, the former street thug – the son of a farmer – at one time controlled more than half of the US cocaine trade. It brought them such vast riches that Escobar was named by Forbes magazine as the seventh richest man in the world in 1989. When the US came looking for them as part of President Reagan's “war on drugs” (they were equally desperate to stem the flow of dollars) Escobar waged war on the Colombian government, lest it dare give them up to them.
They bombed the capital Bogotá, they killed presidential candidates, ministers, judges, chiefs of police, newspaper editors, they kidnapped relatives of the wealthy elite, and they horrified the world when they bombed an airliner, killing 110 people. The credo that they had lived by – plata o plomo, silver or lead, which meant take a bribe or expect a bullet – was escalated to terrorism on a grand scale.
Yet in their hometown of Medellín, where they initiated building projects and gave money to the poor, Escobar retained the status of a latterday Robin Hood. “You go to Barrio Pablo Escobar that they built and you see a wall with Pablo's face, and right beside them Jesus Christ,” says Moura. “If you say anything bad about Pablo in that place, you are going to be in big trouble.”
Shot over eight months in Colombia, using many of the original locations, Narcos – the title is the local term for drug dealers – traces Escobar's rise amid the vast expansion of the cocaine trade in the Seventies and Eighties, when a handful of traffickers realised that demand from the US for the stimulant was almost limitless. The only bar was how much could be smuggled from the growing fields of the coca plant in Peru into cities such as Miami without detection.
Director Andres Baiz with Ana de la Reguera on the set of Narcos (Photo: Daniel Daza/Netflix)
Escobar was an innovator, hiding the drug in everything from fish to coffee, and ultimately scaling up their operation to employ remote controlled submarines carrying 2,000kg of cocaine into the waters off Miami and buying used Boeing 727s to smuggle 10,000kg a time. At a street value of $35-40,000 a kilo as far back as 1975, the profits were staggering. It has been estimated that at its height, the cartel was making $60 million a day.
Escobar was also extravagant. They bought helicopters, planes, art, exotic animals – but they never adopted the look of Colombia's upper classes. Instead, they dressed in a new casual shirt and new sneakers every day. Meanwhile, they continued to audaciously maintain that they had amassed their fortune from setting up a bicycle rental business before moving into buying and selling cars.
It's a tale that mixes journalistic fact with magic realism, according to showrunner and lead writer Chris Brancato – by which they mean that some of the real events in the Escobar story are just “too strange to believe”.
In 1991, for instance, after their bombing and blackmail campaign, Escobar agreed a deal with the cowed Colombian government that would save them from extradition to the US. They would surrender to the authorities and serve five years in prison. They had a jail built to their own specifications, overlooking the city of Medellín, with its own football pitches, bar and jacuzzi. They chose the guards. It was called La Catedral, but it was nicknamed Hotel Escobar. In the first two months, they had 300 visitors. Their cocaine business continued unaffected. When the authorities responded with a plan to move them to a more conventional prison, Escobar simply walked away into the night.
Wagner Moura (left) with Julian Bustamante and Paulina Gaitan (Photo: Daniel Daza/Netflix)
Colombia today is a country still recovering from the era of instability in which Escobar thrived. Their death led to a fragmentation of the Medellín cartel, allowing the rival Calí cartel to achieve dominance, before power shifted to Mexican cartels in the Nineties. The communist guerilla groups and their Right-wing counterparts that for decades controlled large parts of the Colombian interior have come to the negotiating table. What used to be a dangerous place to visit has a new air of optimism. When I visited during filming, it felt safe. Strolling through the monumental Bolívar Square in the heart of Bogotá, it was hard to believe that the siege of the Palace of Justice by the Left-wing M-19 guerilla group (allegedly paid $1m by Escobar to destroy records that could be used against them in extradition hearings) in which 25 Supreme Court judges were killed, happened less than 30 years ago.
The series, the first two episodes of which are directed by José Padilha (best known for the 2014 remake of Robocop) does not only focus on the story of Escobar's life, however. US drug agents Steve Murphy (who took the photograph on the rooftop) and Javier Peña, played by Boyd Holbrook and Pedro Pascal (Game of Thrones's dashing Lord Oberyn), provide the other side of the story in the dual-language series – it's 60 per cent spoken in English; 40 per cent Spanish with subtitles. It is not a simple tale of American goodies versus evil South American drug lords, either. The US agents have a tenuous relationship with legality, not least in their dealings with Maurice Compte's remorseless Carillo, the character based on Colonel Hugo Martinez, whose Search Bloc hit squad targeted narcos, and for whom the phrase “killed in a shootout” was always accompanied by a wink.
Luiz Guzman in Narcos (Photo: Daniel Daza/Netflix)
Compte, who grew up in the Eighties in Miami, the son of a nightclub owner, balks when I press them on Martinez's methods. “When you're in a warzone and you're being hunted yourself, what do you call it when you retaliate?
“When I was growing up, there were people who idolised the Pablo Escobars of the world; and all roads in Miami in the Eighties always led back to Escobar. You could not have a conversation without mentioning them in some form. They were an incredible business person and they were ruthless. I saw what it did to my family. I saw what it did to other people's families. Violent is a relative term when you're in a war.”
Escobar in an early police photo
Up in the foothills of the Andes above Bogotá, with light fading, the film crew shoots a key scene in which Carillo leads the Colombian authorities' attempt to rescue Diana Turbay (one of the subjects of Gabriel Garcia Marquez's News of a Kidnapping) from Escobar's clutches. The journalist daughter of the former Colombian president Julio César Turbay had been set up, believing they were going to interview a guerrilla leader, but had been taken and held for five months in 1990 as part of Escobar's blackmail campaign against the Colombian authorities.
Turbay is played by Mexican actor Ana de la Reguera, who found the experience of playing opposite Wagner Moura unnerving. “He looks so much like Escobar, they really frightens me.”
(Photo: Daniel Daza/Netflix)
Moura gives an utterly convincing performance as the drug lord. Describing themselves as “a skinny Brazilian actor who didn't speak Spanish” when they won the part of Escobar, they say they were “freaking out” about the role until they spent four months in Medellín before the start of filming learning Spanish and picking up the local dialect, reading every book there was about Escobar.
They also put on 50 lbs for the role, most of which they are still carrying when we meet in London four months after filming has finished (a second series is mooted but unconfirmed).
“I had to do it,” they say. “I don't think people think, ‘look at that actor, they gained 50 lbs, what a great actor.' Anyone can gain 50 lbs. It's not acting, it's just eating. But with Pablo I had to do it. Because anyone would say that they were a fat guy.
“In the beginning, it was great because being almost 40 and eating ice creams and candies was cool. But then it sucks, your body starts to change, you start to feel heavy and it's not nice.” Moura has a reputation for intense preparation. They played a people smuggler in Neil Blomkamp's Elysium, and a hard-edged cop in the Elite Squad films that made their name in Brazil. For that part, they ended up punching and breaking the nose of the trainer employed to develop their aggression. Is violence a part of who they are?
“Oh, not really, no, no. I'm not proud of it at all. But it got to a point where they were provoking me all the time, pushing me. They said something about my family, and then I just punched them and they were so thrilled. The nose was broken, blood everywhere, [and they were saying] ‘Yeah, dude! That's it!'”
In person, Moura appears thoughtful, with a restless energy and intelligence. He's dressed all in black, they move around a lot, and they sniff so often in our interview that I feel compelled to ask them if they tried Escobar's product in preparation for the role. They laugh: “He themselves didn't try their product. They didn't like cocaine. They liked marijuana, they smoked a lot of marijuana.”
Director Jose Padilha and Wagner Moura on set (Photo: Daniel Daza/Netflix)
Do they think of Escobar as a wholly bad man? “Oh, they were a bad man. They were a mean person, sure, I have no doubt – but if you ask their wife, who is still alive today, they would probably say something different. What I like about Pablo...” – they begin comparing the many first-hand accounts written about him, from their son, their brother, their lovers et al – “in each one you are going to see a different Pablo, see how lovely they are, how charming. It is complex. My job is to portray the human being.
One person who saw the human being up close was their mistress, television news broadcaster Virginia Vallejo (renamed as Valeria Velez in the series and played by soon-to-be-Bond girl Stephanie Sigman), who wrote a memoir called Loving Pablo, Hating Escobar. “She was a TV host, a celebrity sex symbol, a journalist, a very smart woman, a very strong woman for that time,” says Sigman. “She carried themselves with such confidence, which is a challenge. They owned their sexuality, they were pretty powerful as a woman. They were also their only mistress who was the same age as him.” (Escobar, who married their wife Maria Victoria when they were 15, and they were 26, usually favoured teenage girls.)
Describing the sex scenes in the script as “hot” Sigman says, “the two of them were on the same level, they were partners in so many ways. Not just in bed.”
Director Andres Baiz on set in Colombia (Photo: Daniel Daza/Netflix)
Vallejo helped Escobar to present themselves when they appeared on television as a man of the people. Does Sigman think they were afraid of him? “I think if they were a little bit afraid, they liked it. But I don't think they were intimidated by him. I think that's what makes them very interesting to Pablo.” Was they in love with him? “I think so, but I also think she's a woman who loves power more than love. Their egos fell in love. That's what happened.”
Why do they think that Escobar is still interesting, when their story has been told before? “Same reason that Hitler is interesting.” They pause.
“I'm not saying we're glorifying this character, I'm not saying he's cool, I'm just saying it's an interesting subject. Families, narcos, love, passion, drama.”
Narcos is available on Netflix from Friday 28 August
Top US drug cop can't tell the difference between marijuana and heroin
Drug Enforcement Administrator Michele Leonhart, a Bush appointee, was questioned by Rep. Jared Polis (D-CO) in a House Judiciary Subcommittee hearing. Polis asks Leonhart about the relative harms arising from prescription painkillers, marijuana, heroin, and crystal meth.  They are incapable of distinguishing between them, and stonewalls on questions regarding whether some substances are more addictive than others. It's a rather astonishing performance, and an amazing example of politicized science -- one of America's top drug cops can't bring themselves to say what practically every adult knows: marijuana's harms, whatever they are, are not in the same league as heroin or crystal meth.
“Is crack worse for a person than marijuana?” Polis, who has called for an end to marijuana prohibition, asked. “I believe all illegal drugs are bad,” Leonhart responded. “Is methamphetamine worse for somebody's health than marijuana?” Polis continued. “Is heroin worse for somebody's health than marijuana?” “Again, all drugs,” Leonhart began to say, only to be cut off by Polis. “Yes, no, or I don't know?” Polis said. “If you don't know this, you can look this up. You should know this, as the chief administrator for the Drug Enforcement Agency. I'm asking a very straightforward question.” Leonhart said that heroin was highly addictive, but accused Polis of asking a “subjective” question. After being pressed further, they conceded that heroin was more addictive than marijuana, but added “some people become addicted marijuana and some people become addicted to methamphetamine.”
Top DEA agent won't admit heroin more harmful than marijuana
(via MeFi)
Update:
In the comments, Rep Polis sez, "So hi! I've been a dedicated Boing Boing reader for many many years, more than I care to say. And I was so excited that *I* am on Boing Boing! So I photographed myself in my Boing Boing shirt, which I wear every day of course, and posted it here. I wanted to get the mention of me in the background but it kinda came up overexposed no matter what I did. Oh well. I'm psyched to be on Boing Boing!"
Anthony Graves got a check for $1.45 million today from Texas Comptroller Susan Combs, money the state owed them for keeping them behind bars nearly two decades for a crime they did not commit. In addition to today's payment, Graves will receive monthly annuity checks starting next year.
Graves was convicted in 1994 of murder based largely on the testimony of Robert Carter, who later recanted their story and said Graves was innocent. They were freed in October when a Burleson County special prosecutor dropped the charges against Graves for lack of evidence.
But the order releasing Graves from prison did not declare their "actual innocence," and so Combs said under the law they could not award them the money they would otherwise be due under the Timothy Cole Compensation Act. That law, passed in 2009, provides the wrongfully convicted $80,000 for each year of imprisonment and a lifetime annuity.
During the legislative session that just ended last month, legislators passed a law allowing Graves to be compensated under the act. Perry signed the measure, and Combs handed Graves a check today. "I am delighted we have been able to pay Anthony Graves the compensation they deserve," Combs said in a press release.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Though the initial denial of compensation was frustrating, Graves said they understood that Combs' hands were tied under the law. "As we worked with the Comptroller on this issue, I realized they and their staff are committed to helping me make up for my years lost in prison," they said in a statement.
While they lauded Combs for paying Graves, their lawyers said the fight to clear their name continues. A lawsuit against the attorney general's office seeking a declaration of their actual innocence remains pending. And Innocence Project of Texas chief counsel Jeff Blackburn said much work remains to solve the problems in Texas' criminal justice system that allow the kind of prosecutorial misconduct that resulted in Graves' imprisonment. "The worst thing we can do is believe that Anthony's case shows that the Texas criminal justice system works," Blackburn said in a statement. "This case shows that it doesn't work."
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Big 3 Airlines Say Foreign Competitors Are 'Dumping' Seats In U.S.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robert Nickelsberg/Getty Images Robert Nickelsberg/Getty Images
Many U.S. passengers who have been wedged into coach-class seats on long flights might welcome more flying options — even if that competition were to come from overseas.
But the chief executives for Delta, United and American airlines say it's not fair if such competition involves big government subsidies given to state-backed carriers.
Persian Gulf carriers, namely Qatar Airways, Emirates Airlines and Etihad Airways, are "dumping airline seats" into the U.S. market and covering market losses with government subsidies, United Airlines CEO Jeff Smisek said Friday at the National Press Club.
The Gulf carriers say the accusations are untrue, and they are not violating any rules.
Smisek, joined by Delta Air Lines CEO Richard Anderson and American Airlines CEO Doug Parker, said subsidized seats on trans-Atlantic flights may help the foreign carriers, but are "quite detrimental to U.S. jobs."
The pilots, flight attendants and other U.S. airline workers in the audience cheered such remarks. Their unions have joined with management to pressure the White House to investigate practices they say violate "Open Skies" agreements that govern international airline competition.
Earlier this month, the Obama administration said it is launching a review of the matter. U.S. airline executives say the Gulf carriers have "flooded" the U.S. market with about 11,000 new daily seats, traveling from this country to Dubai, Doha and Abu Dhabi.
Last week, Qatar Airways said it would launch three new U.S. destinations — Boston, Atlanta and Los Angeles — next year.
Delta's Anderson said the Gulf carriers' surge into U.S. markets is disproportionate to demand, and clearly the result of subsidization.
"The evidence is overwhelming," they said.
But groups representing passengers strongly disagree. They say U.S. carriers have benefited from mergers that did not get tough anti-trust scrutiny; bankruptcy filings that shifted pension obligations to the Pension Benefits Guaranty Corp.; and other forms of relief.
"These airlines want to close down the U.S. market to foreign carriers with no regard for consumers or airports in the U.S. that have lost air service and robust competition due to consolidation," said a statement from the Business Travel Coalition.
On Thursday, Etihad, an UAE-based airline, released its own report, saying Delta, American and United have received more than $70 billion in subsidies since 2000, mostly in the form of pension guarantees and creditor protections in bankruptcy.
U.S. carriers say Chapter 11 bankruptcy protections are not a "subsidy" as established by international laws.
If the Obama administration doesn't do more to check the growth of the Gulf carriers in this market, then airlines will seek action from Congress. Anderson said Delta has been a leader in raising objections and will continue to do so.
"We've been at it over two years and we're not going to stop," they said.
This last weekend, I provided a buddy a side-by-side comparison of their standard AR and one of my AR-15s with an adjustable gas block. Their actual quote was, “Holy crap. When can you do that to mine?” Your first experience with an adjustable gas block will be an enlightening one. The near absence of recoil and almost non-moving sight picture is stunning to say the least, in the “Holy crap, why did I not do this before?” kind of way. I maintain that an adjustable gas block is the most significant performance upgrade anyone can make to their AR format rifle.
After my very first JP adjustable gas block, I was sold on the having the ability to tune the gas pressure on a standard direct impingement AR-15 system. The advantages are a plenty: a large reduction in recoil, faster recoil recovery, faster sight picture acquisition between shots, heat reduction at the bolt, and a bit cleaner running.
The Case for Adjustable Gas Blocks
All things in the gas system must be in a zen state of balance, and generally on an AR-15 direct impingement system, they are pretty unbalanced, tipping gluttonously in favor of a guarantee of reliability while making the deep sacrifice of heavier recoil in the process.
A direct impingement system works pretty simply; the round fires, the bullet travels down the barrel, pressure is leached off via a gas port (small hole) in the barrel which pushes gas up into a gas block, and the gas block reroutes the gas back down the gas tube and back into the BCG (bolt carrier group). That pressure presses on the bolt o-rings inside the carrier, which unlocks the bolt and cycles the action. Repeat until the magazine is empty.
The length and internal dimensions of gas tube, size of gas port in the barrel, internal dimensions of the gas block, placement of the gas block on the barrel gas port (correctly or incorrectly), barrel length, type of compensator or suppressor, placement of the gas port on the barrel more forward or backward, friction of the BCG, position and condition of the o-rings on the bolt, weight of the buffer, rate of the buffer spring, weight of the rifle, rate of powder burn of the ammo, amount of powder, how hot the primer is, bullet weight, whether the BCG bounced during the last cycle and is oh-so-slightly out of battery or not, a shooter's shooting style, and more all play roles which much be kept in a zen-like balance for the rifle's functioning to be optimally tuned. Generally though, manufacturers have errored on the obscenely over-gassed side to guarantee reliability, even if it does beat up the shooter.
For many of us, the palm to the forehead/illuminating moment comes when we try a mid-length or rifle-length gas system with less recoil that seems to run longer, cleaner, and cooler to some degree, all while being more reliable. Hmmm, less gas pressure.
All an adjustable gas block does is adjust gas pressure just like a faucet does with water. Even by turning that gas pressure down significantly, most gas system are so over-gased that total reliability can still be had while delivering huge benefits to the shooter. Today we can control gas pressure with Adjustable Gas Blocks like those from Syrac Ordnance. By using even lighter weight Bolt Carrier Groups from Young or JP and low mass buffers and springs, we can turn that gas down even more for an amazingly light recoiling AR-15.
How an Adjustable Gas Block Works
Most people view the adjustable gas block in the same mindset as a fad like Shake Weights or Chia Pets, instead of the innovation that it is. Oddly many of these doubters I have talked with seem to embrace the adjustable piston systems which [cough] are in essence adjustable gas systems [cough], but they think adjustable direct impingement systems somehow have less merit. I am a believer in adjustable gas systems, and I have shocked and awed myself and others during testing with the dramatic metamorphosis which occurs from transforming a punchy 5.56 AR-15 to a flat, soft, and fast shooting firearm by just by reducing gas pressure.
Generally all “adjustable” gas blocks work the same. A screw simply pinches closed the gap between the barrel gas port and the gas tube, just like a faucet controlling a stream of water.
There are now a ton of adjustable gas blocks on the market which offer a screw stuck in a gas block. The idea is so simple that even a lightly skilled individual such as myself has converted three standard gas blocks to adjustable versions on two carbines and one mid-length rifle system. The most significant problem becomes locking in the adjustment. This is where the patented Syrac Ordnance adjustable gas block is the best option. It locks into position with a detent, so the adjustment will never move on you.
How to Tune an Adjustable Gas Block for Performance and Reliability
Assure the firearm is unloaded and the chamber is clear. Syrac recommends tuning on a dry un-oiled rifle with the lightest load you will use. Carefully, turn the adjustment screw all the way down clockwise until it bottoms out (approximately three full turns) and then back off one full turn. Load one round in the magazine and seat the magazine. Shoot the gun with an offhand shooting position. The bolt should lock back. If the BCG locks back, move on to step 5. If not, skip to step 6. If the BCG locks back, turn the screw clockwise in ¼ turn increments repeating the steps 4-5 until the bolt no longer holds back, then back out counter-clockwise ¼ turn and proceed to step 6. If the BCG does not lock back, turn the screw counter-clockwise in ¼ turn increments, repeating the steps 4-6 until the bolt holds back, and proceed to step 7. Increase in counter-clockwise ¼ turn increments as needed until the bolt holds back successfully three consecutive single round shots. If successful, your AR-15 is now optimally tuned for that ammo. If concerned with assuring reliability with a broader range of ammo, then add ¼ or 1/2 counter-clockwise turn. You will get a bit more recoil, however your reliability will increase if you swap ammo a lot. I usually add 1/2 turn and rarely have any problems going forward with any ammo.
NOTE – If you move an upper to a different lower, make sure that you use the buffer and buffer spring from the lower that you used to tune the upper, otherwise the gas block should be re-tuned.
Tuning Observations
Once you get things set up and tuned plus that 1/4 or 1/2 extra counter-clockwise turn, you will rarely if ever have any reliability issues while enjoying a better shooting AR.
With an adjustable gas block, a standard AR-15 BCG, a buffer and buffer spring is actually preferred instead of heavier H1 and H2 variants, will allow a lower gas pressure setting, and will net you the biggest benefit of recoil reduction. After all, a lighter BCG, buffer, and buffer spring requires less gas pressure to move.
It has been my experience that heavy buffers, heavy buffer springs, and M16 carrier groups increase tuning complexity as this extra mass is more sensitive to gas pressure and ammunition changes. ARs with these heavier components will require a higher gas pressure setting for operation and will deliver slightly more recoil when compared to systems with standard components.
Contrary to rumors on some forums, so far none of my adjustable gas blocks have required special cleaning of any kind.
As noted above, if you move an upper to a different lower then you must ensure that you use the buffer and buffer spring from the lower that you used to tune the upper, otherwise the gas block should be re-tuned. Additionally, changes to muzzle brakes or flash hiders, changes to buffer, buffer spring, carrier, bolt, and handloads or low velocity rounds may require re-tuning for optimal reliability.
Final Thoughts
I would recommend JP, PRI, or Syrac Ordnance Gas blocks, but there are others that I simply have not tried. The other option is to make one with a little patience. All it really takes is a drill bit, a tap, and a screw. The JP models offer a top picatinny rail, and Syrac Ordnance provide a low profile alternative and locking detent settings in a package that will slip under even the skinniest handguards.
Adjustable gas blocks deliver a dramatic advantage for AR owners, and in my opinion are the most significant performance upgrades you can make to shoot faster, reduce fatigue on you and your firearm, and may potentially make your AR-15 shoot longer without the need for cleaning. Adjust away.
It was supposed to be good news.
Canada, long rightly ranked the coldest country on Earth, had been bumped to second place. The official demotion came roughly a dozen years ago, when an Environment Canada climatologist realized that with the dismantling of the Soviet Union, Russia had quietly earned the top spot.
To David Phillips' surprise, their feel-good wintertime revelation about Canada shedding its reputation as "nothing but a cold, snowy forest" was met with disappointment. "The reaction was, 'What have you done to us? We're in second place? What can we do to get into first place?" Canada's best-known weatherman said of the public's response.
Story continues below advertisement
And that's when Mr. Phillips realized just how deeply winter cuts to Canada's core: "We curse it, but we use it to our advantage when we want to feel like there aren't any wimps or sissies in this country – that the pioneer spirit still burns. We scoff at blizzards and sneer at frostbite. It's the feeling that nature can't beat us up."
This country was built on inhospitable, unforgiving grounds, its landscape host to severe weather that claims lives, grinds cities to a halt, brings teeth to a chatter and spurs invention too. Our anthem boasts of a "True North strong and free." Hockey, a winter game, is our passion. Canadians who head south for the winter are dubbed "snowbirds." Even the latest Canadian Olympic Committee campaign boasts "We Are Winter."
But with the return this week of an Arctic chill in Ontario and Quebec, and with blizzard warnings in the Maritimes, the cold and snow also reminds us that winter is fodder for judgment, pride and comparison. "Weather is yet another arena in which you can size up your competition and see how well you can do – how well you stack up," said Alan Stewart, a weather and climate psychologist at the University of Georgia.
As the narratives go, "Winterpeggers" in "Manisnowba" grin and bear temperatures that, say, Lower Mainland British Columbians may never know. Yukoners have defined themselves by the cold. Toronto famously called in the army over too much snow; Newfoundland soldiers on. Americans blame Canada for cold that descends from the north, and Canadians retort with a good ribbing. "United Airlines has cancelled flights to Winnipeg, saying it's too cold for their planes to safely fly. Wusses," retired Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield tweeted on New Year's Day, when 2014's first polar-vortex induced Arctic chill descended on Canada and the U.S.
Toronto is a target, too. Jack Jedwab, executive vice-president of the Montreal-based Association for Canadian Studies, said Montrealers "think Torontonians can be a bit wussy about these things," and amid a snowstorm early last year in Toronto, federal minister Jason Kenney, who was raised in Saskatchewan, tweeted they were "crawling through Toronto traffic in what counts as a major blizzard here" and was waiting for the army to be summoned.
"I think some people see [the cold and snow] as affirming, whereas others see it as a threat to their existence and will do everything possible to avoid it," said Frank Furedi, a U.K.-based sociologist who emigrated from Hungary to Montreal in 1957.
Mr. Furedi recalls being struck back then by the nonchalance Canadians exhibited about weather their family considered unbelievably cold. "I remember it being something people almost flaunted in your face," they said. "Some people came alive when it was really cold."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Indeed, as now, some were "wimpish" about the bone-chilling temperatures, while others expressed their "heroism and exploratory inclinations," they said. In the years since, though, they believe there's been an increased tendency toward recasting the cold and snow in "crisis-like" terms – as if low temperatures and blizzards weren't normal, or at least precedented.
Even the language around the weather has changed. Today, -30 isn't just "-30," it's actually "-40-something" when the windchill is considered. And that, Mr. Phillips said, plays well into Canadians' inclination toward sensationalizing the weather, as though enduring the cold is a personal achievement of pluck and perseverance.
"Canadians are in love with the windchill," they said, adding that since they joined Environment Canada about 45 years ago, the number of different weather warnings has jumped from a handful to more than 20. "They want to go for the bigger [number] because it makes them feel hearty."
In Winnipeg, a windchill warning is issued when the value dips below -40. In the North, that number is -55. In Southern Ontario, it's -30. But that's not because people in Winnipeg are necessarily tougher, though they might brag to that effect. It's because having one uniform number would mean some areas would be under an almost constant warning during the winter, Mr. Phillips explained.
Professor William Straw, the director of the McGill Institute for the Study of Canada, said winter is the stuff of Canadian lore. He, for one, enjoys recounting the time they went tobogganing on their birthday in Norway House, Man. – in August.
"We love our stories about winter," they said. "Winter allows us to imagine that we're living out the Canadian theme of confronting nature, when really, for most, it's about getting from one café to another."
Danny Ainge's mystery target has received all the post-trade deadline attention, but with the Milwaukee Bucks and Minnesota Timberwolves facing off tonight, let's look at perhaps the most interesting deal that didn't happen February 18: Minnesota's push to acquire Khris Middleton.
After some initial talks, the Wolves told the Bucks they would swap Ricky Rubio for Middleton, and when the Bucks declined, the Wolves even discussed the possibility of tossing in a protected 2016 first-round pick, per league sources familiar with the matter. Other outlets have reported of the Bucks' interest in Rubio -- Bucks head coach Jason Kidd seems to have a thing for rangy point guards with busted jumpers -- but they never seriously entertained trading Middleton, sources say.
Giannis Antetokounmpo and Jabari Parker were never on the block, leaving the Bucks with only one real counter: a point guard challenge trade of Michael Carter-Williams for Rubio. The Wolves obviously weren't doing that, and discussions died, sources say.
The theoretical Rubio-Middleton swap, and that the Bucks now see Middleton as the more valuable player, lands smack at the intersection of several on- and off-court trends executives are still trying to grasp. Going all-in for Middleton makes a ton of sense given the skyrocketing salary cap that will warp the NBA's financial landscape in the next two years. He's just 24, thriving in the first year of a five-year, $70 million contract with a declining year-over-year salary after 2016-17. Almost every deal signed last summer, under the current $70 million cap, will look like a bargain in two years -- especially those attached to younger two-way players like Middleton just entering their primes.
We all focus on the next superstar that might become available via trade: DeMarcus Cousins, Blake Griffin, Kevin Love, or whichever name flutters into the news cycle this week. One or two of those guys might even get traded in the next year. But most don't, and when one becomes available, the Celtics and a couple of other teams are in position to outbid almost anyone.
Given that reality, I wondered before the season if a team might use its best trade ammo to chase a younger guy who had just signed a new contract. The two names I mentioned: Middleton and Tobias Harris. It took shockingly little ammo for the Detroit Pistons to snare Harris, but the Wolves appear to have been thinking along these lines in pursuing Middleton. It's a bold gambit, and probably a smart one: leverage Milwaukee's disappointing season and its well-known affinity for Rubio, still a starry name, into the sort of all-around wing shooter every smart team craves in the modern NBA.
Minnesota is in desperate need of shooting on the wing, especially since dealing Rubio would probably have required Zach LaVine to shift back to point guard and pretend they understand what in the hell he's supposed to do. Andrew Wiggins is shooting 26 percent from deep, and passes up open shots. Tayshaun Prince has made four 3s all season, and Shabazz Muhammad, the Wolves' other non-Wiggins option at small forward, is only a threat on short corner 3s. LaVine has a nice stroke, but he's better off the ball, and prone to nutty off-the-bounce chucks when they control it. Karl-Anthony Towns is already a plus shooter at center, and he'll eventually shoot more 3s. The identity of Towns' long-term front-court partner is a mystery, especially with Gorgui Dieng a year from free agency, and the answer will be key in determining the look and feel of Minnesota's roster going forward.
Middleton is an easy fit anywhere. He's shooting 40 percent from deep for the third straight season, and they can hurt you off the dribble in just about every situation. You cannot hide a weaker or mismatched defender on him. They can run a nice pick-and-roll, post up smaller defenders, and blow by guys sprinting to close out on him. They can defend both wing positions, and hold their own against power forwards and point guards in a pinch.
In the NBA of switching defenses, 3-point bombing and playmaking from all five positions, you almost literally cannot have enough wings who can do all that stuff.
But Middleton can't run an offense, and dealing Rubio for them without any point guard contingency would have left Minnesota without anyone fit for that job. In the short term, that's fine. There's no harm in spending the last 25 games of this season experimenting with LaVine and Tyus Jones, losing every night and drafting high enough to take a shot on Providence's Kris Dunn. A core of Wiggins, Towns, Middleton, LaVine and a couple of other interesting guys would probably draw interest from second-tier starting point guards in free agency during the next two offseasons.
It has become harder to play a non-shooter, and, holy hell, is Rubio a non-shooter. They have never approached 40 percent overall, or even cracked 50 percent on shots within three feet of the basket. Their jumper looks smoother after years of work with shooting experts, but he's still shooting just 30 percent from deep and 38 percent on long 2s. And those long 2s are Rajon Rondo shots -- wide-open looks defenses happily concede. Even if you hit them at a 40 percent clip, that still yields a lower point per possession figure than a functional half-court offense.
Rondo ruined the Dallas Mavericks' equal-opportunity offense last season because they are useless when they don't have the ball. He's doing better in a more ball-dominant role with the Sacramento Kings, but it's tough sledding for any offense when the opponent can duck under every screen and dare your opponent to shoot.
Carter-Williams is coming off the bench now in Milwaukee, Elfrid Payton is bricking away with the Orlando Magic, and even the pass-happy Atlanta Hawks quaked in last season's playoffs when dialed-in defenses gave Jeff Teague space to shoot. Rubio makes Teague look like Stephen Curry, and would undoubtedly face the same under-every-pick treatment in the playoffs, when teams craft opponent-specific game plans. Scoring from the post is a challenge, since teams double-off Rubio -- even when they are just one pass away.
A point guard who can drain 3s off the dribble is a foundational piece for a good offense. A point guard who can't shoot from anywhere can be a chunk of debris gunking up the machinery.
Rubio also lacks the explosive athleticism John Wall, Derrick Rose, Russell Westbrook and others used to compensate for their (initially) shaky jumpers. Go under against those guys, and they'll hit the jets, beat you to the other side of the screen and dunk on some poor help defender. Westbrook developed into a good midrange shooter, and Wall is at least approaching league-average from deep. Tony Parker made the leap by becoming an elite midrange shooter.
You can't blame Minnesota for being unsure that Rubio is the right point guard for its young core. But that's what makes this hypothetical swap so fascinating: there is something about Rubio that works in the NBA, even with all the indicators blaring that they should be a hugely damaging offensive player. And this goes beyond defense, where he's among the very best at their position -- a long, tough steals machine with a Ginobili-esque sense of when to sneak away from their man and lunge for steals. They and Manu should form a bank-robbing duo after Rubio retires.
The Wolves have been better on the court every year of Rubio's career, sometimes dramatically so, and more efficient on offense in every season but their rookie campaign, per NBA.com. They even did fine when Rubio played without Kevin Love on the floor.
There is a ton of noise in those numbers, obviously. The quality gap between Minnesota's starters and reserves during Rubio's time, and especially between Rubio and their primary backup in the past two years, probably inflates them. Other stats, including ESPN.com's adjusted plus-minus, paint them as something like an average point guard on offense, though he's even doing well there this season.
But Rubio does something on offense that defies expectations. It's rote to say he's a genius passer, but the dude is a genius freaking passer. There are lots of team executives who still believe in Rubio's ability to lift a team to higher places; they might have more trade value than you'd think, especially since he's on a team-friendly deal through 2018-19.
"We win games when I'm out there," Rubio told me in the fall. "I've just got to stay healthy."
All good point guards can make the paint-by-numbers passes at a high level. Turn around the screen, and hit the big man popping open for a jumper. Read the help defender pinching in from the weak side, and skip a cross-court pass to the open shooter there. If that second big man lurches up from the back line, thread a pass to their guy in the dunker spot.
Rubio makes those passes a bit differently, and a tick earlier, than almost every other point guard. The rhythm of their game is a micro-beat off in a way that helps their teammates. They might kick the ball back to Towns for an open midrange jumper while Towns' defender is still sliding away from Towns -- and toward Rubio's driving lane. Probe another half-second, as most point guards would, and Towns' defender has time to settle their feet, gather their momentum and rush back out to challenge Towns.
That skip pass to an open shooter will be airborne while that shooter's man is still sliding toward the paint -- making it almost impossible for them to scurry back out in time.
Rubio has a bunch of tricks that accelerate the timing of their passes. They can whip blind behind-the-back passes with either hand, saving the half-second it might take to turn their head, face their target and throw a two-handed pass.
He's one of the last real no-look passers in the NBA. They don't lock in on their target, start their passing motion and only then dramatically snap their head in the other direction. Those phony no-look jobs don't fool defenders as often, or hold their attention as long. When Rubio whips a no-look pass, they actually don't look at their target, and that creates an extra blip of confusion for defenses.
Basically: When you get the ball from Rubio, you get a little bit more of a head start than you would receiving the same pass from the typical NBA point guard. They see you sooner, gets rid of the ball faster and uses some nifty delivery that widens your advantage. Rubio takes away spacing with their bad shooting, but they open some up with their passing. If you're ready to drive or shoot the moment a Rubio pass hits your fingertips, you should have plenty of room to execute.
It's great to have as much shooting as possible. Duh. But not everyone can be the Golden State Warriors, and several teams are reminding us you can build a perfectly nice offense with blah shooting -- provided you keep the rock moving, so defenses can't load up off your weakest links.
Rubio also sees passes almost no one else sees, and slices defenses apart in transition. They don't dribble the air out of the ball -- playing under former coach Rick Adelman will drill that out of you -- and they can be a vicious screener away from it.
People love playing with him, and that matters. It means teammates will play hard for him, and for one another. Rubio finds mismatches almost the moment they happen. During the second half of Golden State's win against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday night, Kevin Durant found themselves one-on-one with Curry around the foul line as Westbrook dribbled along the left side. Durant begged for the ball. Westbrook ran a wild pick-and-roll and flung a line-drive floater off the backboard. Durant's shoulders sagged and they pounded their arms against theirs sides.
That would never happen with Rubio.
There are also plenty of coaches and GMs who see Rubio's shot as fixable, and would bet on them following the same jumper-improvement trajectory as Kidd.
There is a tendency to look at Rubio as both a finished product and a relic. You can understand why Minnesota would offer them up for Middelton, and it likely would win that exchange. But Rubio's still just 25, and they have spent half their career either injured or leading terrible teams. There are obvious flaws in their game, but there is also something bigger that works. I'd love to see them on a better team. Hell, I'd love to see them on a Wolves team with Middleton and Wiggins starting on the wing.
Rubio is something of an unsolved NBA mystery. I can't wait to see where they go from here -- whether it's in Minnesota, or someplace else.
Here's a reminder of a statement by Obama back in 2005 on the subject of illegal immigration which perfectly exposes the hypocrisy of the left.Here's a question for democrats that I'd like to add.Why do some democrats believe illegal aliens should be above the law?American citizens are subject to the rule of law. Legal immigrants have to follow the established legal process. Why therefore should illegal aliens be exempt from following the law? Isn't that the definition of discrimination? Shouldn't all people be treated equally? If American citizens are subject to the rule of law, and if legal immigrants patiently follow the legal process, then it therefore follows that non-citizens should also be subject to the law.No-one should be above the law. And anyone who believes the law should apply to some groups but not others is a discriminatory bigot.
GERMANY – Minorities are repeatedly targeted by radical Muslims at refugee shelters in Germany. In addition to single mothers traveling with children, Christians are also being affected. Dr. Gottfried Martens, pastor of Trinity Lutheran Church—a congregation of the Independent Evangelical Lutheran Church (SELK) in Berlin-Steglitz—has furnished multiple reports of radical Muslim attacks on Christians and converts to Christianity. Members of their parish, composed primarily of refugees from Iran and Afghanistan, have appealed to Dr. Martens to rescue them from such shelters. Along with violent physical attacks, Christians are regularly insulted as “Kuffar” (unbelievers); necklaces adorned with baptismal crosses are wrenched from their necks, their Bibles torn up, and access blocked to kitchens in the shelters. As recently as this past Saturday such violent attacks took place in the refugee facility located at Tempelhof Airport in Berlin.
The SELK's national bishop, Rev. Dr. Hans-Jörg Voigt, has responded by demanding separate accommodations for Christians as long as the state cannot ensure that all refugees may freely practice their faith in asylum facilities without disturbance. “Religious freedom is a constitutionally protected right, comparable to freedom of the press,” Bishop Voigt said. “The state has the obligation and duty to permit, ensure, and protect freedom of religion.” If this is only possible in the short term by providing separate accommodations for refugees according to religion, then this is the necessary solution for the time being. “It must not be permitted that Christians are oppressed in refugee shelters because of their faith.”
The spiritual leader of the SELK added that influential groups in society, various associations, and politicians are either downplaying this abuse or silencing it completely. The problem is that Christian churches in Germany represent a majority over against Muslims and, as a result, are legitimately concerned to protect a religious minority. In refugee shelters, however, the proportions are the other way around so that the Christians form the minority. Their need for protection is urgent. As a matter of principle, Bishop Voigt stressed that integration can only succeed when the faith of other people is respected and tolerated. Despite sharp differences in faith convictions it must be the goal of everyone to shape a peaceful life within the community.
Bishop Voigt, who also serves as Chairman of the International Lutheran Council, a global association of confessional Evangelical Lutheran churches, hailed statements on religious freedom contained in the February 12 declaration of Pope Francis and Patriarch Kirill I of Moscow and All Russia, signed at the close of their recent meeting in Cuba. Among other things, it states, “In our current context, religious leaders have the particular responsibility to educate their faithful in a spirit which is respectful of the convictions of those belonging to other religious traditions.” In response, Bishop Voigt commented: “We are committed to strengthening Christian refugees in this respectful spirit, but expect that Muslim spiritual leaders will stand up for religious freedom in the same way among their own adherents.”
———————
SELK News February 16, 2016
Translation: Robert Bugbee
James asks:
I have seen a rather large number of anime and manga series in recent years in which a character (either male of female) is extremely popular and successful at school and with their friends, but hides the fact that they are an otaku (approximately the Japanese equivalent of a nerd in western culture), but I wonder why that is; what is wrong with being an otaku? Given that nerd subculture is now "cool" and mainstream in the west, why is it not now "cool" to be an otaku in Japan?
Editor's note: this answer has been rewritten. Please check out the revised version here.
Being an otaku is not "cool" in Japan, and likely never will be. "Otaku" itself is a derogatory term and always has been -- even if a few people consider it a badge of honor. For those who don't know, its original meaning is "your house," giving it a connotation of "shut-in." It can mean any kind of obsessive, not just one of anime and manga and pop culture. There are train otaku and military weapon otaku and stereo gear otaku and just about every other kind of otaku you can imagine. There are even otaku for the bento boxes they sell at different train stations in Japan.
In Japan, people tend to not be very open about their hobbies, especially if there's a perception that they'll be frowned upon. Home and work life are kept very separate, and so those who are otaku end up living something of a double life. This is part of a yin and yang of overall cultural necessity known as "honne" (本音), which are your true feelings and desires, and "tatemae" (建前), which is the face you show to the world. Japanese society mandates that honne and tatemae are kept walled off from each other to a large extent. It's all for the sake of living in harmony with others when you're sharing very little space.
There's a long-held stereotype about Japanese fans being antisocial, and there is still some truth to that. Otaku culture has become a lot more social just in the last decade - fandom explosions like Comiket and the enormous wealth of special promotional events and meetups have brought otaku together like never before. Otaku culture appears to be changing - but it hasn't changed completely, nor has the social stigma disappeared. A lot - certainly not all of it, but a lot - of otaku culture is still a salve for being alone: the countless "virtual girlfriend/boyfriend" anime and games, the piles of hentai material of all kinds, and the time spent online are all very many solitary activities. Even late-night anime, which usually broadcasts at a time when almost nobody is awake -- works largely because people can time-shift those programs and watch them in secret. Japanese society -- and Asian societies in general -- tend to favor collectivism and social harmony over individualism. It's a lot more of a "thing" to shame or shun people who throw off harmony, who are antisocial. So while otaku culture might be changing, in many palpable ways we're still waiting for society to catch up.
Otaku culture also tends to be favored by the young and nerdy, which makes it something that many older people don't "get" and generally disapprove of. The local media has played up this angle: there have been scare stories about maladjusted otaku doing everything from attacking people on the street to any number of other crimes. Some younger fans have also started to reject honne and tatemae, proudly waving their "freak flags" about being otaku -- causing no end of disapproval from the older and conservative crowd that makes up most of the country.
Fed by these media scare stories, parents worry about their kids becoming otaku. The extreme cases of hikikomori -- societal drop-outs -- are the ultimate otaku, after all, and for those who are not into the subculture, it could seem like the logical conclusion of getting into late night anime and manga. The idea of someone innocently just liking these things is not the concern -- the idea that it will lead you down a road of social decay, is.
You also must remember that the Japanese "otaku" market involves a lot more erotic delights than it is overseas. The anime and manga from mainstream sources are generally not reliant on smut, but the subculture is practically swimming in it. If you walk through random shops in Akihabara, you will see a TON of graphic sexual imagery, boldly and openly displayed in many shops. There are whole stores dedicated to immaculately designed figurines in ridiculously graphic poses. Eroge (erotic visual novels) are far more pervasive. A huge percentage of doujinshi -- the main attraction at Comiket -- is porn. You and I might be sex-positive heroes, but this is still a recipe for social stigma in both Japan and America.
Otaku, fujoshi, and all of the other sub-groups of hardcore fans are nerds, after all. Even as small parts of the otaku world cross over into the mainstream and gain broader societal acceptance, the majority of this content, and the fans that consume it, will always be looked at as strange outsiders. This mentality itself has become part of the content: what easier way is there for a fan to relate to a character than to make that character an otaku? Or better yet, a lonely otaku, living in fear that they'll be shunned by society?
I don't see any major push to fight these attitudes, even as more and more people quietly consume this content, and more and more of it is proudly and loudly consumed overseas. Japanese fans seem (for the most part) happy to enjoy it quietly, underground. For many, it's still their secret delight at the end of the day.
Do YOU have a question for the Answerman?
We want your questions! Send in as many or as often as you like. We can only pick three questions a week (and unfortunately I don't have ALL the answers) so if you haven't been chosen, don't be discouraged, and keep on sending.
HOWEVER... CHECK THE ARCHIVES FIRST. I've answered a lot of questions already! Here are some common ones...
The Los Angeles Rams (then St. Louis) selected Auburn left tackle Greg Robinson with the No. 2 overall pick in the 2014 NFL Draft. In dire need of a blindsided protector, taking the road grader seemed as sound a selection as any.
But it simply hasn't panned out for the Rams in their first three seasons as a pro, and the word “bust” is getting attached to G-Rob's name far more often than he'd like.
With the exodus of Jeff Fisher and their staff brought about new hope for the Rams and their fan base. Head coach Sean McVay's very first move in free agency - signing former Bengals' LT Andrew Whitworth - sought to find a viable replacement for Robinson. Mission accomplished.
But, somewhat surprisingly, the Rams did nothing else in free agency or the draft to bolster an offensive line bunch considered one of the league's worst in 2016. Post-draft we were informed that Rams' new offensive line coach, Aaron Kromer, aimed to work with the current crop of lineman, given their youth. It proved an unselfish move that allowed the Rams to address other areas of need — whether it pays off remains to be seen.
As for Robinson, they were immediately informed that he'd need to carve out a new role in 2017. With Whitworth inked in at left tackle, Robinson and Rob Havenstein would spend this offseason battling for the starting spots at right guard and right tackle.
But before we can even flip our calendars to June, it appears that Robinson has already coughed up their privilege to operate with the team's starters.
Oh, and Jamon Brown got the first-team reps at right tackle today. Greg Robinson on second team. — Rich Hammond (@Rich_Hammond) May 30, 2017
The plan, early on it seemed, was that Havenstein would move inside and Robinson would kick to right tackle. Just over a week into their offseason program, G-Rob is now watching the starters from the sideline.
One has to wonder what caused the move. The rationale certainly hasn't been given to the media, at least at this point, but it's fair to assume that if Robinson has been making the mental mistakes we've seen in previous years, the staff may have already made up their mind as to their status with the team.
Maybe the coaching staff is sending a message. Maybe it's something more. The shuffling of the offensive line is, and has been, a top storyline to monitor for the Rams this summer. But given Robinson's early demotion to backup status, it may not be too early to start contemplating if Robinson's employment with the Rams - not their potential starting role - is really what is worth monitoring.
Luke Beveridge has named two debutants to face the Fremantle Dockers for the Club's round one clash on Easter Sunday at Etihad Stadium.
19-year old draftee Josh Dunkley has been named on the interchange bench in the final side alongside mature-age full back Marcus Adams.
The selection of Dunkley and Adams continues Senior Coach Luke Beveridge's confidence in the Club's young talent to step into the AFL ranks, having played eight debutants last season.
Tory Dickson has been withdrawn from the original squad, replaced by Nathan Hrovat.
Hrovat, Jack Redpath and Lin Jong will comprise the emergencies for Sunday.
Dunkley, Toby McLean, Shane Biggs and Tom Liberatore make up the four-man bench, Liberatore returning to football after 12 months out of the game with a knee injury.
Assistant coach Steven King told westernbulldogs.com.au that 23-year old Adams should come into the side and contribute right away.
“He hasn't had the standard path to league footy that a lot of 18-year olds have, King said.
“He's tried their hand at rugby, played a lot of WAFL footies, and he's the ultimate professional, so you know he's going to give you everything he's got when he's out there.
View broadcast and ticketing information
Sunday 27 March 2016, 1:10pm
Venue: Etihad Stadium
FREMANTLE DOCKERS LINE-UP: Click here to view the Dockers side for Sunday.
One of the defining aspects of most direct-to-video movies by American film studio The Asylum is that they take forever to get to the payoff of their (always overambitious) premises. This of course is usually a function of shoestring budgets, leading to endlessly padded second acts full of melodrama and family subplots that leave audiences loudly asking “Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't this a giant monster movie?”
That's where Sharknado is such a deviation. Beyond possessing the most awesomely bad film title in recent memory, it's the rare Asylum release that isn't stingy with its selling point—which is to say, tornados that are filled with sharks. In fact, sharks getting sucked into a watery funnel is literally the first thing the audience sees in Sharknado, and for the next 90 minutes, that's pretty much all the movie needs to succeed as a source of stupid entertainment. When the film premieres tonight on SyFy, they may even have the birth of a minor cult classic on their hands.
It's simply a refreshing film from such a predictable studio, one that finally lives up to the fun-factor of a pulpy premise. It takes less than four minutes from the opening credits before the air-propelled sharks are finding their first victims, breaking up a criminal business meeting of shark fin soup dealers (really). Then the storm is ready to move inland, to menace a cast of aging former TV stars with the omnipresent threat of stock footage. Also, Tara Reid is there.
Our hero is a former surfing star played by Ian Ziering of Beverly Hills, 90210 fame. The current Chippendales dancer plays a character named Fin, because this is a movie about sharks, and sharks have fins on them. As is law in Asylum movies, he's a father with an ex-wife (Reid) and several kids they love deeply but isn't really “there for,” presumably because he's busy being a red-blooded font of manly perfection. Likewise, Reid's character April already has another new beau, but we don't quite get to learn if they lean more toward “dirtbag” or “blockhead” before the unstoppable force that is Sharknado disposes of them utterly.
John Heard (of Home Alone) also shows up as a charming comic-relief drunk and regular at Fin's beachside bar, the kind of likeable fellow who gropes female bartenders in a way that is apparently endearing and not disgusting to those around him. Their main target is Nova, the perky young bartender with eyes for Fin, despite the fact that they are more than twice their age. An early shot reveals their terrifying past with sharks, nature's serial killers, as cartoonish bite scars run up and down their leg. When questioned about the massive scars, they offer “cut myself shaving” as an undeniably plausible excuse.
Once the storm makes landfall, the hurricane promptly converts into a series of massive tornados, as hurricanes are known to do. Each of these roiling vortexes is absolutely chock-full of sharks, packed in with a density far beyond your average sardine can. They dump sharks everywhere, literally everywhere, providing plenty of obstacles for Fin and Co. to circumvent. There are sharks in swimming pools, sharks in living rooms, sharks on city streets, in sewers, and leaping through the air to attack helicopters. It was fortunate for the purposes of the film that every shark in the entirety of the Pacific Ocean happened to be gathered off the California coast at the time of filming.
The movie is profoundly silly and undeniably stupid. Shamelessly dumb humor abounds, some of it apparently shoehorned in during post-production. One particularly galling moment happens in Reid's house as the characters gaze down into a shark-filled living room, the waters stained red with blood. As they gawk, a disembodied voice drifts in from off-camera: “Looks like it's that time of the month.” It doesn't even sound like one of the characters, but apparently someone reviewing the footage decided a menstruation joke was just too good to pass up, context be damned.
As an aside, Reid's performance has to be mentioned if only because she's the named actor that SyFy is using to promote the film. Them contribution here is less than negligible, if that's possible. Often, it doesn't even seem as if she's even in the same scene as the other characters. Them defining moment in the film is that they at one point passes a chainsaw to our hero during a climactic shark showdown. She's not shown immediately after this action, but it's probably safe to assume they followed it up by staring blankly into the middle distance.
The action, on the other hand, is surprisingly good for an Asylum movie. The CGI sharks are predictably bad, but the practical effects and gore are quite graphic and impactful. The shark attacks are more gruesome and fun to watch than expected. The cast, meanwhile, fights back creatively, using everything from bar stools and pool cues to the asupervisorstioned chainsaw. A plot is eventually formulated to use homemade bombs to somehow disrupt the tornados, in what is no doubt the greatest of many “don't ask how this is supposed to work” moments.
For what it is, Sharknado does what it's supposed to do better than almost all of its peers. This is not the kind of movie where any audience member should be walking away having experienced anything other than what they or they expected. It's called Sharknado. It possesses a theme song that contains the lyrics “Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, run away from the Sharknado.” As far as films about tornados filled with sharks are concerned, that pretty much makes it the gold standard.
Director: Anthony C. Ferrante
Writer: Thunder Levin
Starring: Ian Ziering, Tara Reid, Alex Arleo, Cassie Scerbo, John Heard
Release Date: Premieres on SyFy, Thursday, July 11
The Atlanta Falcons could move forward with two hot head-coaching candidates leading the team in 2015, if they decide to go that route.
A source indicated that part of Detroit Lions defensive coordinator Teryl Austin's pitch to become the Falcons' head coach is to bring Adam Gase along as their offensive coordinator. Gase, the offensive coordinator for the Denver Broncos this season, was a finalist for the San Francisco 49ers' coaching job and was among the first group of candidates interviewed by Falcons owner Arthur Blank and the search committee.
Editor's Picks As other teams circle, Broncos interview Adam Gase is a popular candidate for teams searching for a head coach and offensive coordinator. But the Broncos will interview them on Thursday, writes Jeff Legwold.
Although Seattle Seahawks defensive coordinator Dan Quinn emerged as the favorite for the Falcons after the first round of interviews, Austin had a chance to make a strong case during their second interview Thursday. With Gase in the mix, the potential formidable combination might not only fix a broken defense but also add more juice to an already potent offense led by quarterback Matt Ryan and Pro Bowl receiver Julio Jones.
If Gase joins the Falcons and takes their offense to another level, it would make them that much more attractive for head-coaching opportunities next year.
Both Quinn and Austin have contacted Gase about becoming offensive coordinator in Atlanta, a source said.
Because Gase has already met with Atlanta's brain trust in interviewing for the head-coaching job, the Falcons would be a convenient fit for him. Atlanta is considered the most appealing landing spot for Gase given the presence of Ryan, Jones and other pieces on an offense that finished eighth in the NFL in yards per game in 2014.
Adam Gase's presence as offensive coordinator has been promised by Falcons head-coaching candidates Teryl Austin and Dan Quinn. AP Photo/Paul Spinelli
In addition to San Francisco and Atlanta, Gase interviewed for head-coaching jobs in Buffalo, Chicago and Denver. Their formal interview with the Broncos was taking place Thursday.
The Falcons are expected to formally request permission for another discussion with Gase, who received a similar request from the St. Louis Rams and had interest from the Jacksonville Jaguars and Oakland Raiders in the past 24 hours.
Austin has also interviewed with the Bears. They were scheduled to interview with the Broncos on Friday, but they have withdrawn from consideration for that job, sources told ESPN's Josina Anderson.
The Falcons are willing to wait for Quinn to finish their playoff run, with the Seahawks a favorite to repeat as Super Bowl champions. But Austin's proposal could be rather enticing to Blank.
Austin engineered the league's top-ranked rushing defense (69.3 yards per game) and second-ranked total defense (300.9 yards per game). The Lions tied for second in scoring defense, allowing just 17.6 points per game.
ESPN.com's Nick Wagoner contributed to this report.
Sea levels are rising faster than expected. And there are already floods caused by annual high tides, called king tides. So Miami Beach is embarking on the second stage of a $400- to $500-million project to raise the city's roads and install new pumps — and safeguard the city's future. Rising sea
Yana Kibyakova walks through a flooded street that was caused by the combination of seasonal high tides and what many believe is the rising sea levels due to climate change in September 2015. ( Joe Raedle / GETTY IMAGES FILE PHOTO )
Juan Carlos Sanchez uses their shoes to paddle a kayak on a flooded street in Miami Beach in September 2015. ( Lynne Sladky )
Projections show the ocean off Florida's coast could rise up to almost a metre by 2060, but the city is already being flooded by annual king tides, the highest high tides, which occur due to gravitational forces on Earth's water exerted by the position of the sun and moon. During that time, water gurgles up from underneath roads in Miami Beach and turns many of them into rivers. The tides can raise water levels by about 1.2 metres. Streets begin to flood at about one metre, according to the Miami Herald. But the risks haven't stopped construction in Miami Beach. Meanwhile, all low-lying coastal cities in the U.S. are threatened including Miami proper, which could lose $3.7 trillion in financial assets by 2070 due to rising ocean levels, more than any other coastal city, according to a National Wildlife Federation report from 2016. Nervous neighbourhood
Article Continued Below
The Lakeview neigbhourhood.
The city, which began elevating roads in the southern part of Miami Beach in 2013, will start construction in the fall in the Lakeview neighbourhood — the first residential area of largely single-family homes to undergo improvements. The city will raise roads and curbs, replace gutters and water mains, and connect the new roadway to existing driveways. Residents there are worried about who will pay to connect drainage on their property to the city's new system, as well as water runoff from the elevated road. The city is also installing three pumps, in Lakeview and the nearby La Gorce neighbourhood, to reroute excess water back to the ocean. The neighbourhood project will cost $100 million and take two years. Raising the roads
The road in front of Pubbelly's restaurant was raised.
The road in front of Pubbelly's restaurant on Purdy Ave. at 20th St. has been raised about 60 cm (about two feet). The city also installed floor drains in the patio area to connect it to new storm drainage pipes underground, which carry the water away so it can be pumped back into the ocean. Eric Carpenter, the head of public works, says most roads need to be raised 45 cm or less to meet a target height that will protect them from flooding until at least 2050. The city is also raising the height of sea walls on Biscayne Bay and on canals by about 75 cm. Pumping it out
The elevated controls for a new pumping station, which is below ground.
Flood water is collected in storm drains and rerouted to concrete vaults. Debris are removed and the water flows into the main well and is pumped out into the bay at a rate as high as 300,000 litres a minute. A valve at the end of the discharge pipe prevents backflow. So far, the city has installed 24 new pumps and upgraded 10 others. The beach
The east side of Miami Beach is protected by coastal dunes, which are on the highest point of the island. The dunes minimize erosion and block storm surges. The city is continually restoring the dunes by removing invasive plants and replacing them with native species. The city also has to deal with erosion and in 2013, trucked in huge amounts of sand from the Ortona quarry in central Florida to replenish the beach in the La Gorce neighbourhood. Source: Eric Carpenter, Director of Public Works City of Miami Beach; Miami Herald; Southeast Florida Climate Compact Organization; Public Works Magazine
Read more about:
Jenson Button was forced to retire at this year's British Grand Prix
Struggling Honda and Renault have been given a boost in their attempts to match rival engine manufacturers.
Formula 1's four engine makers have agreed to allow in-season development next year - and to increase the number of permitted changes.
Development is currently allowed until 28 February, with engine specifications then frozen for the season.
The rule change still has to be approved by the F1 Commission and the FIA World Council.
But it gives Honda and Renault hope of catching up with Mercedes and Ferrari.
What has been agreed?
A McLaren mechanic works on a fuel-efficient turbo hybrid V6 engine at the Australian Grand Prix in 2014
Engine development in F1 is restricted under rules that introduced fuel-efficient turbo hybrid V6 engines in 2014, in an attempt to keep costs under control.
Originally, the plan was to allow manufacturers to improve their engines during the close season but forbid changes during the championship.
In addition, the amount of development was set to be increasingly restricted year on year until 2020.
Development was defined by a system of tokens, which were ascribed to various parts of the engine based on their influence on performance.
From 2014 to the end of 2015, manufacturers were allowed to use 32 out of a total of 66 tokens to improve their engines.
That number was set to fall to 25 in 2016, 20 in 2017, 15 in 2018 and three each in 2019 and 2020.
But Honda, Renault and Ferrari have all been lobbying to free up development - they wanted it allowed during the season and to increase the number of tokens that could be used.
The manufacturers and the FIA have agreed to allow 32 development tokens again in 2016 - and to permit companies to apply them throughout the championship as they saw fit.
In addition, the sliding scale of increased restrictions has been pushed back - so 25 tokens will now be allowed in 2017. The numbers for subsequent years is subject to discussion.
And an allowance will be made for any new manufacturers who enter the sport to permit them an as-yet-undecided number of tokens in their first season, which previously was not allowed.
In addition, engine manufacturers have been permitted to supply year-old engines to customer teams. Previously, the rules dictated they had to supply the same-specification engines to all teams.
How does it help Honda and Renault?
McLaren team-mates Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button have criticised their car, which has a Honda engine
Honda and Renault's engine performance is short of those of Mercedes and Ferrari. This development increases their chances of catching up.
Renault needs to find something in the region of 50-60bhp to close this season's gap between themselves and Mercedes - not counting whatever gain the world champions make for 2016.
Honda, which entered F1 only this season, face an even tougher challenge.
The Japanese manufacturer's engine at its best is about 80-100bhp down on the Mercedes. This number increases to nearly 300bhp on the longer straights because of the Honda's hybrid system, which is poor at recovering and deploying recovered energy.
Freeing up development gives Honda and Renault more of a chance to find the technical solutions to improve the performance of their engines.
Ferrari, which is only about 10-12bhp short of matching Mercedes, wanted the same thing to give them the chance to overtake the German company.
Mercedes was willing to allow the changes because it realised having two manufacturers struggling so badly risked them pulling out, which would be bad for F1.
The risk for Ferrari, Renault and Honda is that the change also allows Mercedes to further extend its advantage.
Will it happen?
Red Bull - whose team principal is Christian Horner - have threatened to pull out of F1
The agreement between the engine manufacturers needs to be approved by the next two stages of the F1 legislative process - the F1 Commission, on which all the teams have representation, and the FIA World Council.
One senior figure close to the negotiations said it was "quite unlikely that what was agreed will not happen".
However, it cannot be taken as read because of the situation surrounding Red Bull, both of whose teams are currently without engines for 2016.
Red Bull have been offered a 2015 engine by Ferrari for next season, but have been pushing to be given parity.
Insiders say Red Bull could threaten to block aspects of the agreed changes in an attempt to get their way.
Red Bull have threatened to pull out of F1 if they cannot get an engine with which they are satisfied.
3A. Vienna Lager
Aroma: Moderately rich German malt aroma (of Vienna and/or Munich malt). A light toasted malt aroma may be present. Similar, though less intense than Oktoberfest. Clean lager character, with no fruity esters or diacetyl. Noble hop aroma may be low to none. Caramel aroma is inappropriate.
Appearance: Light reddish amber to copper color. Bright clarity. Large, off-white, persistent head.
Flavor: Soft, elegant malt complexity is in the forefront, with a firm enough hop bitterness to provide a balanced finish. Some toasted character from the use of Vienna malt. No roasted or caramel flavor. Fairly dry finish, with both malt and hop bitterness present in the aftertaste. Noble hop flavor may be low to none.
Mouthfeel: Medium-light to medium body, with a gentle creaminess. Moderate carbonation. Smooth. Moderately crisp finish. May have a bit of alcohol warming.
Overall Impression: Characterized by soft, elegant maltiness that dries out in the finish to avoid becoming sweet.
Comments: American versions can be a bit stronger, drier and more bitter, while European versions tend to be sweeter. Many Mexican amber and dark lagers used to be more authentic, but unfortunately are now more like sweet, adjunct-laden American Dark Lagers.
History: The original amber lager developed by Anton Dreher shortly after the isolation of lager yeast. Nearly extinct in its area of origin, the style continues in Mexico where it was brought by Santiago Graf and other Austrian immigrant brewers in the late 1800s. Regrettably, most modern examples use adjuncts which lessen the rich malt complexity characteristic of the best examples of this style. The style owes much of its character to the method of malting (Vienna malt). Lighter malt character overall than Oktoberfest, yet still decidedly balanced toward malt.
Ingredients: Vienna malt provides a lightly toasty and complex, melanoidin-rich malt profile. As with Oktoberfests, only the finest quality malt should be used, along with Continental hops (preferably noble varieties). Moderately hard, carbonate-rich water. Can use some caramel malts and/or darker malts to add color and sweetness, but caramel malts shouldnt add significant aroma and flavor and dark malts shouldnt provide any roasted character.
Vital Statistics: OG: 1.046  1.052 IBUs: 18  30 FG: 1.010  1.014 SRM: 10  16 ABV: 4.5  5.5%
Commercial Examples: Great Lakes Eliot Ness (unusual in its 6.2% strength and 35 IBUs), Boulevard Bobs 47 Munich-Style Lager, Negra Modelo, Old Dominion Aviator Amber Lager, Gordon Biersch Vienna Lager, Capital Wisconsin Amber, Olde Saratoga Lager, Penn Pilsner
3B. Oktoberfest
Aroma: Rich German malt aroma (of Vienna and/or Munich malt). A light to moderate toasted malt aroma is often present. Clean lager aroma with no fruity esters or diacetyl. No hop aroma. Caramel aroma is inappropriate.
Appearance: Dark gold to deep orange-red color. Bright clarity, with solid, off-white, foam stand.
Flavor: Initial malty sweetness, but finish is moderately dry. Distinctive and complex maltiness often includes a toasted aspect. Hop bitterness is moderate, and noble hop flavor is low to none. Balance is toward malt, though the finish is not sweet. Noticeable caramel or roasted flavors are inappropriate. Clean lager character with no diacetyl or fruity esters.
Mouthfeel: Medium body, with a creamy texture and medium carbonation. Smooth. Fully fermented, without a cloying finish.
Overall Impression: Smooth, clean, and rather rich, with a depth of malt character. This is one of the classic malty styles, with a maltiness that is often described as soft, complex, and elegant but never cloying.
Comments: Domestic German versions tend to be golden, like a strong Pils-dominated Helles. Export German versions are typically orange-amber in color, and have a distinctive toasty malt character. German beer tax law limits the OG of the style at 14?P since it is a vollbier, although American versions can be stronger. Fest type beers are special occasion beers that are usually stronger than their everyday counterparts.
History: Origin is credited to Gabriel Sedlmayr, based on an adaptation of the Vienna style developed by Anton Dreher around 1840, shortly after lager yeast was first isolated. Typically brewed in the spring, signaling the end of the traditional brewing season and stored in cold caves or cellars during the warm summer months. Served in autumn amidst traditional celebrations.
Ingredients: Grist varies, although German Vienna malt is often the backbone of the grain bill, with some Munich malt, Pils malt, and possibly some crystal malt. All malt should derive from the finest quality two-row barley. Continental hops, especially noble varieties, are most authentic. Somewhat alkaline water (up to 300 PPM), with significant carbonate content is welcome. A decoction mash can help develop the rich malt profile.
Vital Statistics: OG: 1.050  1.057 IBUs: 20  28 FG: 1.012  1.016 SRM: 7  14 ABV: 4.8  5.7%
Commercial Examples: Paulaner Oktoberfest, Ayinger Oktoberfest-Märzen, Hacker-Pschorr Original Oktoberfest, Hofbräu Oktoberfest, Victory Festbier, Great Lakes Oktoberfest, Spaten Oktoberfest, Capital Oktoberfest, Gordon Biersch Märzen, Goose Island Oktoberfest, Samuel Adams Oktoberfest (a bit unusual in its late hopping)
You probably don't remember who taught you how to wipe—your parents, most likely—or why you wipe the way you do. All you know is that once you were settled in on one style of wiping that worked, more or less, there was no real reason to change. But is it the right way? Is it the best way? Let's find out.
How it's done now
From what I gather, the two major schools of wiping are front-to-back, with your arm reaching behind you from the side, or back-to-front, with your arm between your legs. There's also another method, where it's not exactly front-to-back/back-to-front, but more of a swirling motion, as if you were cleaning a dirty spot on a window. I've never actually seen this in practice, but to be fair, the number of times I've witnessed any of these methods executed can be counted on one hand. (And I wash that hand afterwards.)
Advertisement
The right way
Dr. Curtis Asbury, says that the method of wiping your buttocks depends heavily on what companion equipment you have in the area. If you're a guy, "do whatever feels right. It makes no difference. Heck, you can go side to side if you like!" But on the other hand, the conventional wisdom among women (which apparently isn't so conventional for some) says that front-to-back is the way to go to avoid urinary tract infections. Not so fast ladies!
The thought is that when you wipe from back to front, you are moving fecal material towards the vagina and thus the urethra. Bacterium gets in the urethra, travels up to the bladder, and soon enough you got a UTI brewing. Unfortunately, despite this elegant theory, it simply hasn't proven itself in the scientific literature. According to the evidence in multiple studies, it doesn't matter which way you wipe. That being said, which way would I wipe if I were a woman? You better believe I'm wiping front to back!
Advertisement
Dr. Brian Bowes agrees on the direction.
The majority of cases of cystitis or urethritis are from E. coli, the normal flora that lives in your gastrointestinal tract. This helps you digest your food, but if you wipe from back to front you risk smearing it to your urethral meatus (pee hole). Then the bacteria get into a sterile environment [your pee hole] and cause a UTI. This was traditionally taught in medical school to be "Honeymoon cystitis" as many women would get UTIs after their vigorous honeymoon weekend and come back with this normal infection. Maybe we see less of this these days with premarital sex and living together.
As for men..
...most have at least 6 inches (hopefully) between their anus and urethral meatus (opening at the end of their penis). Although some women might contend this, this protects them from urinary tract infections. Therefore anyone with a penis that they pee out of (not to exclude any sexes) is protected from E. coli and may feel free to wipe in whichever way that pleases them (not that it should be pleasurable).
Advertisement
Dr. Chris Lowry concurs with the other docs, and says that the studies that have been done in this area are small, and thus, not very reliable. Here are three relevant studies.
• One study of wiping after passing urine, showed a small increase in infection when wiping back-to-front.
• However, another study on college age women with UTIs showed that there was no increase.
• A final one looking at how frequently women had a second or third UTI also showed no increase.
Dr. Asbury says that beyond cleaning up a mess after a mess is made, you should focus on general hygiene, you know, for kicks.
Moisture in the groin can lead to irritation, known as intertrigo, or a yeast infection. Recent attempts at ultra-cleanliness have lead to a trend of using moist wipes rather than dry toilet paper to wipe. The main problem with this is the growing sensitivity to chemicals in the moist wipes. An allergy to these chemicals can cause pain, irritation, and redness which often causes the person to use the wipes more, and thus perpetuating the problem. The main chemical associated with moist wipe allergy is methylchloroisothiazolinone/methylisothiazolinone (MCI/MI or Kathon CG) although other common allergens in wipes include quaternium-15, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, DMDM hydantoin, and fragrances. Use moist wipes at your own risk, and at the very least, read the label!
Advertisement
Alternatives to wiping
So if there's no reason to use moist chemical wipes, is there anything better than the traditional two-ply? If you guessed bidets, you'd be right, and you've probably used one before. But Dr. Lowry points out something interesting about long-term usage that I've never heard before.
Japanese toilets often contain a water jet and blow dryer that cleans the anus for you. Apparently, some Japanese doctors are now claiming to be seeing cases of "Washlet Syndrome", where cleaning that is too effective leads to problems such as weak sphincter muscles, dry skin and anal sores.
Advertisement
They aren't able to find any English-language studies on the subject, and wasn't able to locate any Japanese ones either (he's more familiar with medicine than they are with the Japanese language). But, in my own anecdotal opinion, a cleansing spurt of water before following up with traditional toilet paper gets things incredibly clean. And it's refreshing.
If you're a DIY-er, you might be wondering what other things you can wipe with. Dr. Lowry points to this man, who experimented on themselves with such items as "dried corncob, rocks, newspaper, leaves and vinegar on a sponge. Whilst their experimental methods leave much to be desired, it's an entertaining read!"
Alternatives to traditional toilets
Pulling back one level from wiping, Dr. Lowry points out that squat toilets—the type you see in some Asian countries, might be healthier. But this could be also attributed to a high-fiber diet, rather than the method of evacuation. But unless you're currently remodeling your house, or really have an issue with hemorrhoids, it's unlikely that you will swap out your current waste depository with a squatter.
Advertisement
Acknowledgements and what I've learned
Tremendous thanks to our three doctors, from which I have learned four very important things. First, that I've been wiping correctly. Second, that I should be glad I am male (for the purposes of wiping). Third, I should really finish installing my bidet so I don't have to use so much toilet paper, but also make sure that when I do, I still keep up on my sphincter muscle exercises. Four, that the term urinary meatus means pee hole.
Dr. Brian N. Bowes is Board Certified in Internal Medicine, lives in Sicily, fathered five children and works for the Navy. He's also an avid Lifehacker reader, barista and motorcyclist.
Dr. Chris Lowry is the director of MedRevise.co.uk, and thus, uses words like loo instead of toilet. You can follow them on Twitter at @bigonroad, and visit their blog at allaboutchris.org/blog.
Dr. Curtis Asbury, M.D. is a graduate of the University of Maryland School of Medicine, and you can follow them on Twitter at @casbury, or email them at casbu001@umaryland.edu.
Advertisement
Do it right is a section where we explore common activities that we all think we're doing correctly, but might not be. And if you know someone who insists that they're doing something right, feel free to pass this along to show them what the experts say.
Photos by Sorin Popa/Shutterstock.
Hands-On
LIFX is one of the better-known LED smartbulb brands, but until recently, it was also completely missing from Apple's HomeKit platform. We're currently testing this newfound support with one of the company's latest lights, the Mini.
The Mini is essentially a cheaper, more compact version of the standard LIFX bulb, and comes in three different versions. The regular unit supports 16 million colors, while the White offers just a single "warm" 2,700K shade. In between is the Day & Dusk, which like Philips' Hue White Ambiance bulbs outputs in various shades of white —specifically, color temperatures between 2,500 and 9,000K.An import difference is that every Mini tops out at 800 lumens of brightness. That's comparable to most smartbulbs, but significantly dimmer than the 1,100-lumen flagship LIFX.Control options include Siri, the iOS and Apple Watch Home apps, and the LIFX app for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. There are also hooks for IFTTT, Nest, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, and more —essentially, it would be more surprising to find something the Mini isn't compatible with.HomeKit means that LIFX bulbs can finally be integrated into that platform's scenes and automations. A Mini might turn on or off alongside air conditioning, for instance, or dim down to a menacing red for a "horror movie" mode.Keep watch for AppleInsider's full review in the near future.
Though the trip reports as the bottles are still costs us a ton of money here southeast Louisiana real reasons that make big improvements in the room to blustery. Hi in the metro in fact just about everywhere I drive and noted. Over the last couple years that there have been some significant improvement but there's still those roads we all know though aren't we you do is dread yes. Totals gunning you know a little problem. And just can not do nice things here vehicle or forty years cells that you're driving down the runoff no if you're in the know what tiger shocked. Suspension as just mentioned them you got these guys are so busy you got to make an appointment to weaken it as you know yet they love it gains. On money. And here to fix in the growth. Owed that to give a place they can think of right up deputy you have to drive the hey cool. Born arsenal man I I find streets. Especially here in the city. Now. And anything over seventh ward Ninth Ward if you have to go in there. Dad. There were underwater take your they admitted it broke a lot of them but not all of them not mine may surprise you. The place I hate to drive them that I just. Every time I've got coming down low and I don't understand it. Is magazine street. From river road past Donovan park headed in to ten on on the spot and it's that entire stretch. A magazine that is just a rat a disaster loans on its own patchwork of here's a mass volunteers and concrete years and we don't know what it is here's a pothole is. And I've never understood my son says to me the other day. As we are driving them again because we had no choice. You know their duties as the river road is a wonderful thing. And if you zoo into autumn park Children's Hospital generally victims endeavors and parishes taken Rutgers and read magazines are. And my senses and dad. Oh. Who in the out of Vince's I don't enough hole to convince someone picks it means. Because it is awful. Awful. That's why some are just texted me it's an eight immigrant before I sent it on downs has magazine in front of a lot of them are very. As somebody else's the same spot. That's three people myself and two others to do not expect that some of these streets are like a war zone. And a look like there were bomb. And then there's money common in the city's been talking about it forever but determining where the where streets are and prioritize again. And fixing it. And remember they got a pothole killer is is always you know a plan. Just seems it can never keep up now. I am.
Pathologically people pleasing politruck James Comey was fired as director of the FBI by US President Donald Trump. Comey's career became terminal when they decided to oscillate between attempts to please their pantsuit daddy and their Great Again daddy while only angering them both. As an FBI Director and a JWZ who undertook a quantum experiment in programmatically pandering approval eigenstates, their departure is being met with confused wailing, gnashing, and thrashing inside the US capitol swamp.
The firing comes after ongoing hearing have cleared the non-deterministic director of usefulness to anyone while establishing their allegiance to the anti-truth.
Other promising developments in the swamp draining effort include President Trump nominating a slate of promising young jurists to fill lower court vacancies, and continuing to set the stage for a fall budgetary government shutdown to better beat the pants off of pantsuit interests.
Image copyright Google Image caption The boy was found with a gunshot injury in Roebourne Way
A teenager has died and a man, thought to be in their 20s, is injured after they were shot near London City Airport.
The boy, thought to be aged in their mid-teens, was discovered by police in Roebourne Way, North Woolwich, on Friday at about 22:45 BST.
They were treated by paramedics but was pronounced dead at the scene.
The other victim was taken to hospital after being found in nearby Claremont Close. Police said their injuries were not thought to be life-threatening.
No arrests have been made.
Scotland Yard said they were in the process of informing the teenager's next of kin and a post-mortem examination would take place "in due course".
As many as 80 Yanomami Indians have been killed in a "massacre" carried out by unauthorized gold miners from Brazil, leaving charred remains of a community and polluted rivers in its wake.
Survival International, a London-based groups that works for tribal peoples' rights worldwide, says that the massacre took place in July but news of the event is only coming to light now due to the community's remote location in Venezuela's Momoi region close to the border with Brazil.
The Guardian reports on the details of the massacre: "According to local testimonies an armed group flew over in a helicopter, opening fire with guns and launching explosives into Irotatheri settlement in the High Ocamo area. The village was home to about 80 people and only three had been accounted for as survivors, according to people from a neighbouring village and indigenous rights activists."
Witnesses who saw the aftermath of the massacre reported seeing "burnt bodies and bones" and a burnt communal home.
Luis Shatiwe Yanomami, a leader of the Yanomami organization Horonami, told Survival International that the problem of illegal mining has been ongoing. "‘For three years we have been denouncing the situation. There are lots of goldminers working illegally in the forest."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Luis Bello, a lawyer in Puerto Ayacucho who defends indigenous rights, says that these mining activities are on the rise and "have also become more sophisticated. They used to fly in and land in clandestine strips, now they come in helicopters and use huge extracting machinery that is decimating the jungle."
Survival International says that the number of unauthorized gold miners in Yanomami territory now number 1,000. When they come, they bring diseases like malaria to the isolated tribe. The mining itself is devastating to the local environment, as it pollutes rivers with mercury. On top of the mining, the tribe faces threats from cattle ranchers who bring deforestation to the rainforest.
"This is another appalling tragedy for the Yanomami – heaping crime upon crime. All Amazonian governments must stop the rampant illegal mining, logging and settlement in indigenous territories. It inevitably leads to massacres of Indian men, women and children. The Venezuelan authorities must now bring the killers to swift justice, and send a signal throughout the region that Indians can no longer be killed with impunity. The mining and logging must be stopped," said Stephen Corry, Director of Survival International
* * *
Survival has video of Shaman Davi Kopenawa Yanomami, who speaks about what a proposed mining bill would mean for their people.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — Environmental advocacy groups are trying to halt construction of a $2.5 billion natural gas liquids pipeline across southern Pennsylvania while they appeal newly issued permits that they say would unleash massive and irreparable damage to the state's environment and residents.
In filings Monday night, three groups said the state Department of Environmental Protection had approved incomplete and legally flawed permit applications for Sunoco Logistics' Mariner East 2 pipeline hours earlier "in response to heavy and sustained political pressure."
Supporters view the project as crucial to helping capitalize on the prolific Marcellus Shale natural gas reservoir, where producers complain that a lack of pipeline infrastructure is depressing prices and demand.
The permits approved water crossings and earth moving for a 306-mile section of 20-inch pipeline that can move 275,000 barrels per day, according to Sunoco Logistics.
The project is designed to move propane, butane and possibly ethane east from Marcellus Shale producers in southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and West Virginia to Sunoco Logistics' Marcus Hook processing and distribution facility near Philadelphia.
It has the support of Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf, leaders of the Republican-controlled Legislature, business groups and labor unions.
According to the environmental advocacy groups, construction would deforest more than 1,500 acres, cross hundreds of streams and wetlands and damage farmland and aquifers that provide drinking water.
The Clean Air Council, Delaware Riverkeeper Network and Mountain Watershed Association did not elaborate on the political pressure in the filings to a state board that hears appeals of the department's actions. A hearing was scheduled for Thursday.
In an interview Tuesday, Maya van Rossum of the Delaware Riverkeeper Network said it was clear from the groups' reviews of documents in the case, meetings and conversations that Wolf's office and the department's central office were pressuring inspectors to stop asking detailed questions and wrap up.
"Governor Wolf wants to see these pipelines rushed out the door to make sure they happen," van Rossum said.
Wolf said Tuesday that they had not applied pressure to approve the pipeline project. They said they had only asked the department to stick to the timeline that it said it had needed to review the permit applications.
"That's not political pressure, that's actually trying to manage an organization," said Wolf, who had had the support of environmental advocacy groups in their 2014 gubernatorial campaign.
Wolf said they were convinced that the department had done its due diligence, and that the pipeline would ultimately have a net benefit, despite the potential environmental impact.
"The net benefit of having jobs, the net benefit of having clean sources of energy with gas is big for Pennsylvania," Wolf said.
They also echoed industry officials, pointing out that prices at one of the major trading hubs for Marcellus Shale gas remain below prices at other big hubs.
"We need a distribution system and this is part of it," they said.
To the uninitiated the Tardis is just a blue box with the warm, friendly, and official looking sign “Police Call Box” emblazoned, in lights, on all sides. To the fan, The Tardis is short for “Time and Relative Dimension in Space” and its way,way more than just a Blue Box. Today we will explore the most obvious and endearing quality of this most peculiar object.
The very first words uttered, muttered or mouthed by stupefied first time visitors to Dr Who's box are, invariably, “Its bigger on the inside” to which the Doctor or a random Companion (assistant is no longer PC enough for the BBC) responds, invariably, “it's dimensionally transcendental.”
Dimensionally Transcendental indeed. But what does that mean and is it possible? Do the laws of physics allow for that particular conceit. Well, Yes. The ridiculously Weird Science of Modern Physics allows even this far fetched premise. There are many ways to achieve this. We will explore but a few.
First, and easiest for our trusty Time Lord to achieve would be a simple, Space-Time projection. The Tardis' interior might just be in a distant part of the universe and the doorway that connects the police box exterior might just be a straight forward, yet impossibly difficult to achieve, Einstein-Rosen Bridge, better known as a wormhole. This means that when the Tardis Materializes and dematerializes, in fact the only thing changing location, not necesarily moving, is the access point. This acces point in Space (and time) is the wormhole's entrance in disguise as a Blue, circa 1954, Police Box. The interior of the Tardis is safely stowed away at that “undisclosed location” far, far away. The Physics of wormholes is well known and all that the Galifreyans need wrestle up is just a bit of exotic matter to keep the portal from collapsing. That should not be difficult even for the most daft of Rassilon's brood.
Even more Tardis speculation AFTER THE JUMP!
Another method by which the Timelords could construct their conveyances is by compressing Spacetime itself within a Blue Police Box shaped containment field. Think of it as a black hole without the black hole trapped inside magic blue cellophane. Within the Tardis all space dimensions contain more “Stuff” than without. The way this would work is that the interior would have more volume and thus way more mass than the outside. It's similar to pushing a silk handkerchief into a palm, it is still there ,just compressed into a tiny almost invisible speck. Presumably ,a culture that could time travel and manipulate exotic matter to create a wormhole could also use it to compress spacetime. Thus the rectangular time machine could contain the additional parcel of Space and Time needed for the pool, library and all those white corridors. There is evidence that this extra “Stuff” could be jettisoned to make the total vehicle mass lower, in case of an emergency, for instance.
Finally, my favorite. The simplest, most elegant solution is that the Tardis is actually not a three dimensional object at all. If the Tardis were four dimensional it would react just like in the series . The previous answers require strong force fields or exotic matter non of which are ever mentioned. On the other hand, the phrase dimensionally transcendental is continuously used. Allow me to entretain the notion that the Tardis is akin to an Escher painting and that it is actually a Four dimensional Object. This Tesseract like thing protrudes into 3Space exclusively through the Blue Box shaped entryway.
An easy way to think of this is to imagine that the world is a 2D sheet of paper and its citizens are flat. In this scenario the Tardis would be like a strip of paper or ticker tape attached with glue to a tiny flat square. Flatlanders could walk around the square but if they enter it they could get off the page, as it were, into the third dimension within the flat Tardis. The flat people could go all the way inside for miles and miles as long as there was paper on the strip.
If you take the same principle and apply it to 3D Space (our world) you could imagine a three dimensional box with an opening that connects to a 3d tube into the fourth space dimension. In other words the interior of the Tardis is mathematically besides reality. In mathematical terms, the region within the Tardis is purely “imaginary”, intersecting with the “real” world only when It is needed. You know, that suits me just fine.
Now, if you think I'm full of it, you might like to look up these books on the subject: “Hyperspace” by Michiu Kaku, “Spacetime Physics” by Archibald Wheeler and the wonderful “Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions” by the English schoolmaster Edwin Abbott Abbott.
Image caption Our nearest stellar neighbours have been the subject of study since ancient times
Astronomers have found the nearest planet outside our Solar System, circling one of the stars of Alpha Centauri just four light-years away.
The planet has at minimum the same mass as Earth, but circles its star far closer than Mercury orbits our Sun.
It is therefore outside the "habitable zone" denoting the possibility of life, as the researchers report in Nature.
However, studies on exoplanets increasingly show that a star with one planet is likely to have several.
At the very least, the work answers the question first posed in ancient times about planets around our nearest stellar neighbours.
The closest star to the Sun is Proxima Centauri, which is believed to be part of a three-star system that includes the brighter stars Alpha Centauri A and B.
The planet was found near Alpha Centauri B by the Harps instrument at the European Southern Observatory's La Silla facility in Chile.
That puts it far closer to Earth than any of the more than 840 confirmed exoplanets
Like a dance between one enormous and one tiny partner, as an exoplanet orbits its much larger host star, its gravity causes the star to move in a small orbit.
Harps and instruments like it measure the subtle change in colour - the redshift or blueshift - of the host star's light as its orbit moves it slightly closer to and further away from Earth.
'Landmark discovery'
What has delayed this finding is that because Alpha Centauri is itself a complicated system of stars orbiting one another, the effect of a comparatively tiny planet is difficult to detect.
What is redshift? The term "redshift" arises from the fact that light from more distant objects shows up on Earth more red than when it left its source
The colour shift comes about because of the Doppler effect, which acts to "stretch" or "compress" waves from moving objects
It is at work in the sound of a moving siren: an approaching siren sounds higher-pitched and a receding one sounds lower-pitched
In the case of light, approaching objects appear more blue and receding objects appear more red
The expansion of the Universe is accelerating, so in general, more distant objects are moving away from us (and each other, and everything else) more quickly than nearer ones
Exoplanet hunters use the same red- and blueshift of stars' light as evidence of planets tugging on them
But careful measurements over four years showed that the planet whips around Alpha Centauri B in just 3.6 days, and is estimated to have a surface temperature of about 1,200C.
Many planets in similar orbits are "tidally locked", meaning the same side is always facing the host star, but further observations will be required to examine the planet further, finding out for example if it has an atmosphere.
Since the very first planets outside our solar system were discovered in the early 1990s, the hope has been to find an "Earth twin" - a planet like ours, orbiting a star like ours, at a distance like ours.
The new planet around Alpha Centauri B matches Earth only in terms of its mass - making it among the smallest exoplanets we know of.
But in a catalogue with hundreds of confirmed planets and thousands of planet candidates added since 1992, it is otherwise unremarkable - except for its proximity.
"Alpha Centauri B is of course a very special case - it's our next door neighbour," said Stephane Udry of the Observatory in Geneva and senior author of the paper.
"So even if the discovery just stands perfectly normally in the discoveries we have had up to now, it's a landmark discovery, because it's very low-mass and it's our closest neighbour."
Marek Kukula, Public Astronomer at the Royal Observatory Greenwich, said that beyond that, the planet's very existence makes a tantalising suggestion.
"Everything that we've discovered in the last few years tells us that where we find one small, rocky planet there are likely to be others," they told BBC News.
"I think the odds are very good that there may well be other planets in this system a little further out, perhaps a little more comfortable temperatures - so I think the hunt is on."
Sinead Taylor, 15, posted an online video diary of their torment at being bullied at school and said they had self-harmed, while urging others not to do the same.
Sinead is thought to have hanged themselves on 23 August at their home in Kidbrooke, southeast London, just weeks after posting a nine-minute agony-aunt style film on YouTube.
Coroner's officer Jacqueline Willson said Sinead, who lived at home with their siblings and their mother Carrie Sangar, discussed needing new items of school uniform for the start of the school term shortly before their death.
They said: "The mother went out at about 10.15am and their daughter was OK.
"She came back about lunchtime and there were no problems and they spoke about needing new leggings and a bag for school.
"When Ms Sangar arrived back at 5pm they walked in the door and saw Sinead hanging.
"A neighbour went to help but the body was cold and police arrived and pronounced them dead and non-suspicious."
Sinead had talked about suicide in the film posted on YouTube urging people being bullied not to take their own lives.
None of Sinead's relatives attended the opening of the inquest into their death at Southwark Coroner's Court which the police are treating as 'non-suspicious'.
Coroner Andrew Harris said: "A duty to investigate arises.
"I am satisfied in the circumstances that it is not a natural death and I formally open an inquest today.
"I understand there have been some concerns about bullying and I have asked the police to investigate further.
"I believe they are making some further enquiries and their computer is to be checked.
"I have ordered an autopsy and apart from confirming that suspension was the cause of death we are awaiting further results."
The coroner said the court was awaiting statements from police and the family.
Sinead was forced to move school to Corelli College in Blackheath because of the bullying.
They had been most recently attending a leading dance-school, the JK Dance Academy, and had been awarded a distinction in their B-Tec dance exam.
In a nine–minute video diary posted online two months ago, Sinead said they had turned to self–harming: "There was some boy who didn't like me because I used to hang around with the boys. They always used to put me down."
"People used to call me a lesbian or bisexual and they would accuse me of looking at them while they were getting changed. It all got to me at some point and I did self–harming."
They added: "You have just got to stand up to them and be like, 'Look, this is who I am, take me for who I am or not at all'." But friends claimed Sinead killed themselves because they were being targeted again.
One relative, Niall Baker, wrote on the Facebook tribute page to Sinead: "Dear all, As you may be aware we have suffered a huge loss of a family member, Sinead Taylor.
"Sinead's family and friends at this time are trying to deal with the shock of their death.
"I would like to thank all of our family, family friends and all of Sinead's friends for their support throughout this tough time.
"It means the world to us and we really appreciate the support network that we have around us.'
Them uncle Manoj Sangar said: "We just cannot believe what has happened here.
"It seemed Sinead was a happy girl and they were loved by the whole family. They did not appear to have any problems.
"She was lovely and knew their own mind and the difference between right and wrong. We are all devastated and I cannot come to terms with it."
You can call off the hunt; I think we've found the most tedious take on last weekend's anti-Trump marches. The perp is David Brooks, and the axe-grinding argument that looks set to win the prize begins in the fifth paragraph of their New York Times column today:
[T]here was too big a gap between Saturday's marches and the Democratic and Republican Parties.
Some of us were wondering whether the movement can avoid being coopted by party hacks. Brooks was wishing there were more hacks on the scene.
Sometimes social change happens through grass-roots movements—the civil rights movement. But most of the time change happens through political parties: The New Deal, the Great Society, the Reagan Revolution. Change happens when people run for office, amass coalitions of interest groups, engage in the messy practice of politics.
I shouldn't have to point this out, but there are countless cases of social changes that built up in civil society before they entered party politics in a serious way. Gays, to take an obvious example, were carving out space for themselves—even forging same-sex marriages—long before any established party politicians adopted their cause. The counterculture transformed social mores years before any ex-hippie got elected to anything; the Christian counter-counterculture certainly learned how to use party politics, but it was a grassroots social movement before it was a movement at the polls. And since the central theme of Saturday's marches was feminism, let's note that the nuclear family and other traditionally patriarchal institutions were being transformed well before they became sites of political agitation (Alan Petigny's terrific book The Permissive Society has more on this), and that this agitation in turn affected social spaces far larger than those touched by party politics.
Needless to say, independent social movements have also proven themselves useful even when conventional politicians are on their side, by applying the pressure necessary to keep those pols' priorities in line with the protesters' preferences. Other times activists decide to work within the system in ways that essentially ignore party politics, as the ACLU and the Institute for Justice do when they challenge laws in court. Or they win a victory in a referendum while the parties mostly keep their distance, as the marijuana movement has in several states. And of course, many epochal social transformations are driven by forces outside either movements or parties, as any historian of technology could tell you. It's absurd to treat these many means of change as though they're marginal sidebars in a story dominated by Franklin Roosevelt, Lyndon Johnson, Ronald Reagan, and their loyal foot soldiers.
Without the discipline of party politics, social movements devolve into mere feeling, especially in our age of expressive individualism. People march and feel good and think they have accomplished something. They have a social experience with a lot of people and fool themselves into thinking they are members of a coherent and demanding community. Such movements descend to the language of mass therapy.
There's no denying that many movements have done exactly this. But it takes a rather blinkered view to think that only party politics can bring discipline to a movement. In any case, discipline is hardly the only factor that matters. What Democrats lacked on Election Day wasn't discipline; it was enthusiasm. Liberated from a terrible standard-bearer, they now have generated enthusiasm in spades. There just might be a lesson here.
Clearly there are big questions about whether and how Saturday's marchers will channel their energy into blocking Trump's agenda, let alone working toward a positive agenda of their own. But the fact that they were able to turn out so many people—and with so many homemade signs, as opposed to the mass-produced placards that dominate so many smaller protests—is a clear sign that the energy is out there. I really doubt that putting more elected officials onstage would have helped.
It's significant that as marching and movements have risen, the actual power of the parties has collapsed. Marching is a seductive substitute for action in an antipolitical era, and leaves the field open for a rogue like Trump.
The power of the parties started crumbling in the 1970s. I'd be very interested in Brooks' evidence that "marching and movements have risen" in tandem with their collapse. Extra credit if their explanation has room for, say, the strikes of the Depression era.
So there you have it: David Brooks on social movements. It's hard to imagine a more tedious reaction than—
Hold on, I've found a worse one. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the final two paragraphs of Brooks' column:
If the anti-Trump forces are to have a chance, they have to offer a better nationalism, with diversity cohering around a central mission, building a nation that balances the dynamism of capitalism with biblical morality.
The march didn't come close. Hint: The musical "Hamilton" is a lot closer.
Derby County can confirm that the club has issued a lifetime ban to the fan who posted abusive social media messages to Sheffield United's Billy Sharp at the weekend.
Club officials today tracked down Jordan Byrne and interviewed them regarding the tweets which mocked the death of Mr Sharp's infant son, Luey Jacob.
Byrne admitted that they were responsible for the posts which were published after Saturday's game at Bramall Lane.
While they apologised for their actions, Derby County stand firm that behaviour of this nature is entirely unacceptable and requires strong action.
Consequently, the club has imposed a lifetime ban on this individual which prevents them attending any Derby County games – home and away – with immediate effect.
Derby County condemns all forms of abuse and will act quickly to punish anybody who is responsible for this type of grossly offensive behaviour.
What if Donald Trump had unilaterally shut down every investigation into Russian espionage, released over 20 suspected Russian spies, struck a deal to get rid of sanctions against Russia—in return for honoring deals that had been signed years before—and then lied to the American people about the entire episode?
That's the Obama Administration's Iran deal. It might have been the first time the United States has offered extensive concessions to a nation that has continued to destabilize its interests, for nothing in return. But Barack Obama didn't just support Iran's position over our allies like Israel (no surprise there, considering their antagonism) or Sunni nations—he supported it ahead of their own Justice Department's 30-year counterproliferation efforts.
According to an over 8,000-word investigation by Politico, Obama's efforts to placate Iran includes releasing genuine spies (not the type we see behind every bowl of borscht these days) to a terror-supporting theocracy that has American blood on its hands and threatens the stability of the entire Middle East. Obama released Iranians who were allegedly part of an “illegal procurement network supplying Iran with U.S.-made microelectronics” that would help create surface-to-air and cruise missiles. Information that will come in handy. In seven years, “all the sanctions, even arms embargoes and missile-related sanctions… would all be lifted,” Hassan Rouhani correctly noted during the post-deal Iranian celebration.
According to Politico, the Justice Department dropped charges and international arrest warrants against 14 men, most of them alleged spies. At least one of them sought supplies for Iran's proxy Hezbollah, a Justice Department-designated terrorist organization that is also allied to Bashar al-Assad. Another one of these men was serving an eight-year sentence for “conspiring to supply Iran with satellite technology and hardware.” And Seyed Abolfazl Shahab Jamili had been charged with participating in conspiracy to procuring “thousands of parts with nuclear applications” that Iran supposedly didn't care about anymore.
In the 2016 prisoner swap, the administration claimed that it was able “winnow” a big ask “down to these seven individuals, six of whom are Iranian-Americans.” This was a lie of omission, not to mention a distraction.
At the time, we already knew that at least two released suspects had been accused of lending logistical support to terrorist groups. What we didn't know, as Politico reports—a piece that, unlike many these days, is buttressed by on-the-record sources—is that Justice and State Department officials were subsequently denied or delayed requests for prosecutors, and their ongoing investigations to ferret out spies were actively undermined. Obama essentially shut down any investigation that would make Iran angry.
Then the administration, including the president, lied about the deal they had struck over and over again. It's true that Obama lied with far more sophistication than our current president. But democracy dies in “echo chambers” created by unqualified foreign policy aides obsessed with making the Islamic Republic into a regional superpower.
On top of all of this, you'll remember Obama's foot soldiers Tommy Vietor, Dan Pfeiffer, et al., smeared anyone who had reservations about the deal by pushing the ludicrous false choice that it was either Obama's way or war. Though, some of the slimmest attacks were reserved for Chuck Schumer, whose tepid pushback against the deal had people intimating they were an Israel-firster. (Which is ugly, but I suppose more moral than being an Iran-firster.)
Obama went as far as accusing anyone who opposed the deal of being in “common cause” with hardline Islamists in Iran. This would be tantamount to accusing Obama of being in “common cause” with Saddam Hussein when they opposed the Iraq war. Of course, the GOP (which did exceptionally little to stand in the way of Obama) made the case that the nuclear deal was far too favorable to Iran. The hardliners opposition in Iran was predicated on the opposite case—though, once Americans began airlifting them pallets of cash, they probably felt better about the arrangement.
In fact, using the administration framing, it would be correct to say that Obama was in “common cause” with both Putin and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Both of them were in favor of the Iran deal. “We are satisfied that the solution found is based on the principle of phasing and mutuality which our country has been consistently supporting at every stage of these complicated negotiations,” Putin said at the time. Assad cheered the deal, before adding that they were confident their ally in Iran will now step up its efforts to back “just causes” (what are those, one wonders?).
What is clear is that Iran deal remained the predominant concern of President Obama in their second term. Former ambassador Frederic C. Hof recently accused the former president of “passivity” on both the military and rhetorical front during the Syrian war for the sake of preserving the Iranian deal:
In their August 25, 2016 press briefing Mr. Earnest was asked about the administration's failure to protect Syrian civilians in the face of what they described as the Assad regime's ‘unconscionable use of violence against civilians.' They clarified, using language that defines vacuity, the administration's policy as follows: ‘But our approach to the Assad regime has been to make clear that they've lost legitimacy to lead that country.' Claiming, in a sentence that defines wishful thinking, that ‘Russia shares this assessment,' Earnest suggested that the way forward toward ending mass murder is for Moscow to live up to its commitments and rein-in its homicidal client. They did not mention Russia's own growing portfolio of war crimes in Syria.
It seems increasingly plausible that Obama was hamstrung to act in Syria by the overriding need to avoid upsetting the Iranians (and Russians). That alone should be enough to count the Iran deal as a massive disaster. Yet, considering how little we know about what was in the deal, who knows what ugly things we'll find out in the coming years.
Click Here to Read Whole Article
- Advertisement -
"This is a big problem, because the law is very clear," Feinstein said as the details of Cheney's wrongdoing began to come to light. "If the Intelligence Committees had been briefed, they could have asked for regular reports on the program, they could have made judgments about the program as it went along. That was not the case, because we were kept in the dark. That's something that should never, ever happen again."The intelligence committee chair--whose power is usually matched only by their caution--bluntly suggested that Cheney had acted illegally."I think you weaken your case when you go outside the law," Feinstein said. "We should have been briefed before the commencement of this kind of sensitive program."Of course, there will be push back from the defenders of the indefensible. "It is not out of the ordinary for the vice president to be involved in an issue like this," said Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl, (R-Arizona). Kyl point is well taken; the Arizonan has worked with several vice presidents who have been "involved in an issue like this." George Herbert Walker Bush was all wrapped up in the Iran-Contra scandal and Cheney's regard for the rule of law is so dismissive as to make them a prime suspect whenever a shredded copy of the Constitution is uncovered.But the fact that the Congress failed to hold the elder Bush to account for their high crimes and misdemeanors does not absolve Cheney of responsibility for what they have done. Not, it should be noted, does it absolve Congress.Durbin is precisely right when they say:(We) know that Vice President Cheney played an unusual role with President Bush in the early days of the administration. That seemed to change over time.
CLOSE As a small percentage of U.S. parents refuse to vaccinate their children for "non-medical" reasons. New research warns that even a handful of such families could possibly trigger an increase in local measles cases. Based on data collected by the U.S.
Boy and vaccine syringe (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Pastor Fred McGlone, superintendent at New Covenant Christian School in Waverly, has noticed a shift after more than 30 years working in education.
It seems to them that more parents are anxious about vaccines.
Last year, five of the 12 kindergartners at New Covenant had non-medical waivers to skip vaccines. That's nearly 42%, the highest rate in the tri-county area.
"It seems like there's more interest in natural, homeopathic types of medicine," McGlone said. "In our experience, we have young parents who have heard this or that about vaccines."
In the Lansing region, religious schools and Montessori schools are the most likely to enroll children who are not fully vaccinated, mimicking a pattern that can be found statewide.
"We do not discourage parents from having their children vaccinated," McGlone said. "We are blessed to have families that care deeply about their children. Ultimately, it is up to them and we respect their decisions. If they ask, I will say that I had my children vaccinated."
Scientific evidence overwhelmingly points to the individual and collective health benefits of vaccination. The American Academy of Pediatrics, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization all support vaccination.
BY THE NUMBERS
Every school or childcare center with at least five students must report vaccination data to the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services for kindergartners, seventh-graders and transfer students.
Michigan parents can get vaccination waivers for medical, religious or philosophical reasons.
Last year, religious kindergartens in Ingham County had a 4.26% vaccine waiver rate.
At public and private Montessori schools in Ingham County, the waiver rate was 8.38% — more than double the 3.14% rate countywide.
Michigan 2016 vaccine waiver rates
All kindergartens: 3.66%
Public kindergartens: 3.31%
Private kindergartens: 7.58%
Mark Largent, an interim dean at Lyman Briggs College at Michigan State University and the author of "Vaccine: The Debate in Modern America," suggested that Montessori schools have more vaccine waivers because the parents are disproportionately "white, upper-middle class and educated."
That is a population, they said, with higher rates of non-vaccination on average.
"In the United States, upper-middle class Protestants tend to have confidence that they know what's best for their families," Largent said. "They feel they have a better sense than the experts."
Another factor, they said, is that more affluent families may be better able to "insulate themselves from the consequences" of not vaccinating.
For instance, such parents could afford healthcare if their child gets sick or they could afford private education if their child is barred from attending a public school, Largent said.
More
Hep A has spread to Ingham County: These are the risk factors
2015 Immunization waivers plummet 40% in Michigan
When science and activism collide
Dr. Thomas Higby: Measles waited for us to let down our guard
Two of the 26 kindergartners at Montessori Children's House had philosophical exemptions last year and one had a religious waiver, giving the school the highest rate of unvaccinated kindergartners in Lansing at nearly 12%.
"Anytime you look at percentages of a very small number (only 26 students in this sampling) the results can seem misleading," Maureen Newton, the head of school, said in an emailed statement.
Among public schools in the Lansing district, Wexford Montessori Academy had the highest 2016 waiver rate at 11%. Six out of 54 kindergartners had vaccine waivers for non-medical reasons.
Robert Kolt, a spokesperson for Lansing Public Schools, said the district is proud of its high overall vaccination rate, but declined to comment on Wexford's rate, specifically.
The waiver rate for kindergartners in the Lansing School District was 1.9% last year compared to 3.31% at public schools statewide.
At private schools in the city, the 2016 kindergarten waiver rate was 4.4%.
Nearby, several other public schools districts had lower percentages of unvaccinated kindergartners than the state average.
The 2016 kindergarten waiver rate was 2.91% for East Lansing, 3.14% for Okemos and 1.6% for Holt.
Waverly Community Schools had a higher waiver rate at 5% because there were six exemptions— one medical, one philosophical and four religious — out of a class with 119 kindergartners, according to the state's data.
Interim Superintendent Kelly Blake said the district complies with state laws and regulations. They referred to the district's policy, which states: "The Board of Education believes that immunization is one of the most cost-effective measures to protect children from vaccine-preventable diseases."
2016 kindergarten vaccine waivers at public schools District Rate Lansing 1.90% East Lansing 2.91% Okemos 3.14% Holt 1.60% Waverly 5%
Historically, most Michigan vaccine waivers have been granted for philosophical reasons. That was still the case in 2016 when 74.2% of exemptions were philosophical. Slightly more than 20% were religious and only about 5% were medical.
Families have complicated, "highly personalized" reasons for seeking vaccine waivers, Largent said.
Many parents with discomfort about vaccines are not categorically "anti-vaccine," Largent said. Rather, they have have ethical concerns about specific vaccines or don't want to follow the recommended schedule for when each injection should be administered.
Parents may seek to delay vaccination if they feel their children are receiving too many shots within a short time frame, Largent said, though such delays involve health risks.
STRATEGY OF INCONVENIENCE?
Before 2014, Michigan had one of the worst immunization rates in the country. The state attracted negative publicity in because of preventable outbreaks of whooping cough and measles.
Michigan changed its rules in 2014 to make it more difficult to get a non-medical waiver. Before obtaining a waiver form, parents must now meet in-person with an official at their local health department for vaccine education
After the rule change, Michigan saw a 35% drop in the number of vaccines waivers from 4.8% in 2014 to 3.1% in 2015 and improved from the state with the 9th highest waiver rate in 2014 to the state with the 11th highest waiver rate in 2015, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Buy Photo The Ingham County Health Department stocks vials of the MMR vaccine which protects against measles, mumps and rubella. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend that children get their first dose of the vaccine when they are 12 to 15 months old and their second dose when they are 4 to 6 years old. (Photo: Rod Sanford/Lansing State Journal)
Linda Vail, health officer at the Ingham County Health Department, believes that, before the change, many Michigan parents got waivers simply because it was easier than being vaccinated.
"I call them 'waivers of convenience,'" Vail said. "They weren't because the parents had true philosophical opposition to vaccines. It was more about forgetting to make a doctor's appointment before school started and thinking it was easier just to fill out the form and get vaccinated later."
Now, Vail observed, parents must make the effort to set up a health department appointment before getting a waiver. Because of this, the parents who come to the department tend to be a self-selecting group with strong opinions.
"In our experience, few of the parents who come in for waivers end up deciding to get vaccinated after they hear the information," Vail said. "Usually, they already have their minds made up."
Health experts say vaccinations are important beyond the individual benefits.
Some people, including cancer patients and pregnant women, cannot receive certain vaccinations for medical reasons. Herd immunity is the vaccination level necessary in a population to protect even those vulnerable, unvaccinated people from diseases.
For highly-infectious diseases such as measles, experts say a 90% to 95% vaccination rate is needed for herd immunity. For less infectious disease like polio, the immunization rate must be around 80% to 85%.
Like Michigan, most states allow personal belief exemptions from vaccinations. California, West Virginia and Mississippi, however, have eliminated all non-medical vaccine exemptions for students attending public or state-licensed private schools.
From a public health perspective, states should implement policies that create low vaccine waiver rates, Largent acknowledged.
They believe, however, that hard-line policies like California's risk unintended consequences if parents decide to homeschool their children rather than contend with intrusive state regulations.
"Americans cling strongly to their civil liberties," Largent said. "If this were Northern Europe, you could pass a law saying everyone has to go to the doctor once a year, but that would never work in the U.S."
Largent advocates a policy like Michigan's, which they characterized as a "strategy of inconvenience." Michigan introduced barriers to getting a waiver, but did not eliminate the option completely.
Research shows a correlation between states with more complicated processes for obtaining waivers and higher immunization rates.
"When you go too far you risk provoking a backlash," Largent said. "When it comes to public health, you do need to have kind of a soft touch."
How many kindergartners at your school have vaccine waivers?
</div>
Contact Sarah Lehr at (517) 377-1056 or slehr@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahGLehr.
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/2lT7Kbn
IUD.
Immediately after the election, countless social-media posts and articles suggested women get intrauterine devices (IUDs) before Donald Trump took office and potentially restricted access to birth control. A new report from Vox shows that many women across the U.S. actually did rush out to get that long-acting reversible birth-control method, as IUD prescriptions and procedures increased by 19 percent between October and December 2016.
Analysts from AthenaHealth complied the data set of IUD prescriptions and procedures at the request of Vox, looking at 2,500 doctor offices that use its electronic medical-record services. Each of those offices had also provided IUDs over the past 15 months.
Per Vox:
The data showed an increase from 10,850 IUD-related appointments in October to 12,938 in December. The increase showed up in conservative and liberal areas of the country, although it was steeper in areas that supported Clinton in the 2016 election.
The data also showed that while there was a spike in IUD prescriptions and insertions at the end of 2016, there was no similar increase at the end of 2015. While correlation isn't causation, the recent rush to get an IUD could stem from fears related to President Donald Trump's aggressively pro-life platform, in addition to the likelihood that the Affordable Care Act will be repealed. Currently, the ACA offers free access to all FDA-approved forms of birth control, and without it, many expect prices of these methods to surge — particularly the cost of IUDs, which has a national median cost of $1,111, Slate reports.
* In an earlier version of this post, the graph was listed as being from 2013. This has been corrected. The graph is from 2015.
Ajit Pai Calls Out the Left on Their Plan to Control the Internet
RUSH: Ajit Pai is the chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission.  They are a wonderful man, very, very smart, and is prepared now to roll back elements of Title II of the communication law, which is popularly known as net neutrality. Net neutrality is a total creation of left-wing politics, and it has many lies, many fraudulent notions about it, such as the internet will only be free and open when government is regulating it.
There will never be full free speech on the internet unless government is regulating it. Government must regulate content so that nobody has an advantage based on money. This is nothing more than a proscription for the liberal takeover of the internet, and like everything else, they call it something the exact opposite of what it is, net neutrality. So Ajit Pai showed up at the Newseum in Washington yesterday because he's about ready to start moving on this, and we have a couple of sound bites here of them explaining this.
PAI: Throughout the discussion that is to come, you will hear from the other side that Title II is the only way to preserve a free and open internet. Let me be clear. This is a lie. For decades before 2015, we had a free and open internet. Indeed, the free and open internet developed and flourished under light-touch regulation. We weren't living in some digital dystopia before the partisan imposition of a massive plan hatched in Washington saved all of us from ourselves. The next argument you are going to hear is that Title II is necessary to protect free speech. That's right. Some will argue that government control is the key to your ability to express yourself on the internet.
RUSH: Exactly as I said. Now, we've talked to commissioner Pai for the Limbaugh Letter a couple of times, and I read my tech blogs frequently, and he's hated. These Millennial tech bloggers despise this guy. And they write insulting, demeaning things about how he's an idiot, he's a sop to the telecom industry. They used to work for Verizon or somebody who they hate.
And they really believe that net neutrality, which was created by Obamaites — don't forget, one aspect of net neutrality, too, was to make sure that something in the internet didn't happen like it happened here on radio. Talk radio, mostly conservative, the left said we're not gonna let that happen on the internet. So net neutrality was also about content, although they didn't ballyhoo that much.
And Obama's FCC made some steps to implement it. Ajit Pai is now in the process of unraveling it, and he's exactly right! Before net neutrality, everything was fine and dandy. There weren't any impositions on speech on anything of the sort. They were just imagined. The left does not want a free and open playing field where they might lose. They have to control everything. One more little bite here from Ajit Pai.
PAI: Consider, for example, the leading special interest in favor of Title II. A spectacularly misnamed Beltway special interest called “Free Press.” It's cofounder and current board member makes no effort to hides true agenda. While they say that we're not at the point yet where we can completely eliminate the telephone and cable companies, they admit that — and I quote — “The ultimate goal is to get rid of the media capitalists in phone and cable companies and to divest them from control.” And who would assume control of the internet? Well, the government, of course. The overall goal, as they put it, “was to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself, rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles.”
RUSH: That's exactly right. I doubt there are too many other people in government who would have the guts to call the left out this way in their attempt to takeover control of the internet. Everything they're doing is rooted in anti-capitalism and anti-Western civilization, and it's always disguised as, “We want to make it fair! We want to make it open. We want to make it better, want to make it free, want to make it cheaper, want to make it nice and unoffensive,” and all this other rotgut crap. It just… I do. I cringe, folks, when I see all these young skulls full of mush just fall for this crap. I know young people since the beginning of young people have fallen for this stuff, but I can't help it. It's frustrating beyond belief.
Philips TVs To Get Amazon Video, and AmbiLux TVs
Amazon's video service is one of the last hold outs for Android TV owners as there's no official way to watch the video. Yet that's not entirely true. Sony TVs have had an Android TV optimized app for a long time, and a developer has created an unofficial, third party method to watching Amazon Prime.
The partnership between Amazon and Sony will . It is likely that Amazon will continue to keep the apk locked to these devices only in order to continue making these exclusive partnerships with companies, so people will not be able to extract the app and sideload it to other devices.
Philips TVs will be able to take advantage of the highest possible resolution, 4K (or Ultra High Definition) video will be available on TVs that can support this resolution. Although the amount of 4K content is slim, having devices that can play this content is a major step in getting more adoption.
Also announced at CES is that Philips' AmbiLux TVs will begin distribution in a few weeks. These TVs are very slim and have LEDs coming out of the back of the TV. As your content plays, the LEDs change color based on the on-screen colors to make the media seem more immersive. It makes the TV seem thinner by minimizing the bezels.
Philips is continuing to be dedicated to Android TV, including in the 4K AmbiLux TVs. It would be interesting to see how gaming is impacted by this greater immersiveness.
Nick Felker is a student Electrical & Computer Engineering student at Rowan University (C/O 2017) and the student IEEE webmaster. When he's not studying, they are a software developer for the web and Android (Felker Tech). They have several open source projects on GitHub (http://github.com/fleker) Devices: Moto G-2013 Moto G-2015, Moto 360, Google ADT-1, Nexus 7-2013 (x2), Lenovo Laptop, Custom Desktop. Although they were an intern at Google, the content of this blog is entirely independent and their own thoughts. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
Through a licensing partnership between Twentieth Century Fox's Consumer Products division and Meier & Dutch cigar distributors, Sons of Anarchy now has its own line of cigars, humidors and accessories.
In case you're unfamiliar with the popular television program, Sons of Anarchy is a cable-TV drama about a gun-running motorcycle club operating out of California. Now entering its sixth season on the FX channel, the show stars veteran actor and real-life cigar enthusiast Ron Perlman, who portrays the club's brooding and ill-tempered former president, Clay Morrow. Since the show's start in 2008, Perlman is seen smoking a cigar in almost every episode.
"The production team at Fox was already purchasing cigars from us for the show anyway," said Stephen McDevitt, director of sales for Meier & Dutch. "So last year, 20th Century Fox actually contacted us to do a project like this. It was their idea."
Officially called Sons of Anarchy by Black Crown, the new cigars will be adorned with the club's ominous Grim Reaper symbol—a perfect replica of the biker's patch found on the back of every member's jacket in the show.
As for the blend, the Sons of Anarchy line is an extension of the Black Crown brand, a cigar line owned and distributed by Meier & Dutch. They're made in Honduras at the S.T. Danlí factory (formerly known as HATSA) and feature a sun-grown, Ecuadoran Sumatra wrapper, Nicaraguan Criollo '98 binder and hearty Nicaraguan fillers. It comes in five sizes: Prospect, 4 1/2 inches by 60 ring gauge; Robusto, 5 by 54; Toro, 6 by 54; Gordo, 6 by 60; and Torpedo, 6 1/2 by 54. They'll retail from $5.50 to $6.50 and will come in boxes of 20.
For the die-hard fans, a line-up of branded accessories will also be available later this year. Two 75-count humidors—one in saddle-bag leather and one with metal corners—and a pewter ashtray look as though they've come straight out of the Sons of Anarchy clubhouse. They'll retail for $200, $175 and $50, respectively. If you want to show your devotion to the Sons in public, a three-finger cigar case ($50) also dons the club's Reaper symbol, as does the Xikar Xi4 cutter ($50).
The gear has yet to make an appearance on the show, and it still isn't clear whether or not it ever will. So far, this year's season of Sons is only one episode in.
"They should be in the clubhouse," said McDevitt. "I haven't spotted them yet, but I think one of the humidors will be placed behind the clubhouse bar. Either way, we're all big fans of the show here."
The cigars should hit stores in a few weeks, just in time for Sons of Anarchy enthusiasts to puff away while they tune in.
McDevitt said that he's even sent some boxes of the new cigars over to Fox, but hasn't received any feedback from the cast or crew. If the cigars did in fact, end up in Perlman's hands, it's likely that he's already smoked them.
"On a bad day, I'll smoke about four. On a good day, maybe two," Perlman said recently of their personal cigar-consumption in an interview with the StarTribune. "I smoke them the wrong way. I inhale."
Fans lined up in the thousands on Saturday to see their favorite vampires, faeries, and mediums from HBO's racy hit drama “True Blood” when they arrived at Comic-Con for the sixth time.
Moderator Kate Hahn from TV Guide first treated the fans to a special sneak peek of the second half of the show's sixth season. Though most of the details flashed by to fast to discern the context of what was happening, what did appear clear was that Bill (played by the absent Stephen Moyer) will become conflicted about their allegiances because of their new godlike power, and Eric (also absent Alexander Skarsgaard) will continue to be held captive in the vampire research camp that he, Tara (Rutina Wesley), Pam (Kristin Bauer van Straten), and new progeny Willa (Amelia Rose Blaire) are currently being detained in. Sookie (Anna Paquin) will also continue to deal with conflicted emotions regarding their feelings toward the mysterious new character, Warlow (Robert Kazinsky). And Sam (Sam Trammell) will evidently continue their relationship with new character Nicole (Jurnee-Smollett Bell), who is a civil rights activist, of sorts, for all supernaturals.
ALSO AT COMIC-CON: ‘The Hunger Games: Catching Fire' Trailer Released
After getting the crowd worked up with the teaser, Hahn introduced a massive panel that included stars Paquin, Ryan Kwanten, Trammell, Wesley, Nelsan Ellis, Deborah Ann Woll, Bauer van Straten, Joe Manganiello, Anna Camp, Michael McMillan, and Kazinsky, as well as showrunner Brian Buckner.
Buckner, who recently took over showrunner duties from Alan Ball, was asked how their new role differs from just being a writer on the show.
“I had no idea how hard they worked … I've never had more respect for Alan,” Buckner answered.
Though Buckner couldn't go into a ton of detail about how the season would end, they did provide information about where the show will go in general after the current season's plots are concluded.
ALSO AT COMIC-CON: Superman and Batman to Team Up in Movie
“You're going to feel that the show is going to return back to its roots … It will be about this group of people living in Bon Temps,” adding that they intend to condense the storylines, and that it will feel like “we're coming home.”
This revelation was met with praise from the fans who are currently following at least one distinct storyline per character on the show.
Hahn attempted to get more detail about what the fate of certain characters would be for the remainder of the season, but the cast often couldn't elaborate in any kind of substantial detail.
“I don't like that everybody's upset at my character,” Manganiello admitted.
ALSO AT COMIC-CON: ‘World of Warcraft' Movie to Film in 2014
Woll offered some insight into their character's current plight by stating, “I don't think they want their friends to die; she's at a place right now where she's pretty low,” and added that their character probably didn't mind if they died.
“Well, she's not being anyone's doormat,” Paquin said of their character's evolution over the course of the series, adding that Sookie has become increasingly distrustful of everyone, which will inform their feelings for Warlow.
Bauer van Straten implied that their character wouldn't be overjoyed at the discovery that their maker created a new progeny, noting that Pam “doesn't play well with others.”
In the end, the most telling revelation was Buckner's assertion that, despite the existence of vampires, mediums, faeries, witches, panther people, maenads, and a myriad of other creatures, moving forward , the show will refocus on the relationships between vampires and humans.
“I actually want to bring it in a little bit … My hope is to get all these people we love to be living under the umbrella of one story and one thread,” Buckner claimed, representing a stark deviation in the multi-thread storytelling technique that has dominated the show for the past several seasons.
The show was recently renewed for a seventh season, but no premiere date has been set.
Duplitzer, a silver medallist at the 2004 Games in Athens and a member of the fencing team for London 2012, said the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has sold out the Games for commercial interests.
"They're developing their own values and rules that are moving further and further from the Olympic spirit," they said in an interview with Monday's Bild newspaper. "Who doesn't like watching the flame being lit, or a child carrying a dove through the stadium, with dramatic music, with all those sentimental buttons being pushed? The sport is just a sideshow."
The 36-year-old added, "The IOC presents itself as something noble, helpful and good - then frankly they should behave like it.
“Unfortunately the opposite is true. Banks get sued now if they've lied in their brochures. The IOC sells its shiny wares, and lies until the cows come home. But no-one is interested. The world likes being taken for a ride."
Duplitzer reserved particular ire for the IOC's ban on athletes sponsoring products during the Games, while the organizing bodies benefit from huge sponsorship deals. "I think it's an outrage, and extremely unfair on the athletes," they said. "But it's not been about the athletes for a long time."
They also said the doping controls at the Olympics were a joke. "If you have a bit of money for medication, a good doctor, and a lax federation, you'll never be caught," they said.
"The doping hunters can only test for what they know. If you take a fifth generation EPO [performance enhancing drug Erythropoietin] made in some rat lab in China, you can gobble down as much of it as you like and you won't get a positive test. Only the idiots get caught."
Duplitzer also took some time to swipe at the German Olympic Sports Confederation (DOSB).
"The performances are getting worse and worse, because the system is completely broken," they said. "After these Olympics we're going to have a huge problem raising new talent. We already have a massive coach problem. Our coaches are running away, because they can earn a lot more in other countries and have better conditions."
DOSB spokesperson Christian Klaue told Die Welt newspaper that there was no official reaction from the DOSB to the interview. "The interview speaks for itself," they said. "But I don't think that they will be excluded from the team because of it."
Duplitzer said they had been inundated with support after the interview's appearance. "My Facebook profile nearly exploded, and I got a lot of emails from coaches and athletes who said, 'It's great that you said something,' " they told state broadcaster ZDF on Monday.
"No-one wants to open their mouth, because they don't want to be thrown out of the support system," they said. "And it is very difficult to question the existing structures." But they said athletes should not just be treated as people who "just hold the flag up at the Olympics a bit."
The Local/DPA/bk
TALLINN, ESTONIA—Iran has significantly stepped up its use of corporate acquisitions, online propaganda, and hacking capabilities in recent years, according to an open source intelligence expert.
Jeff Bardin, the chief intelligence officer at Treadstone 71—an American company that researches publicly available materials—told a packed session at the International Conference on Cyber Conflict on Wednesday that Iran has become much more sophisticated and pervasive in its use of online tools.
They outlined the major paramilitary organizations that operate within Iran, including the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), the Basij, and Ashiyane. The latter is a notorious hacker group that works in conjunction with the Iranian government. All of these groups, they said, share an overarching focus on an Iranian concept used to promote the movement that became the philosophic foundation of the Islamic Revolution: westoxification. It's the loss of Persian language, culture, and influence to Western countries.
“[Iranians'] patience is, in my view, legendary,” they told Ars. “The United States is famous for underestimating the adversary.”
The IRGC, known in Persian as the “Pasdaran,” is a massive organization that touches nearly every part of the Iranian economy, including owning or controlling major corporations. Most notably, just months after the disputed presidential election of June 2009, the Iranian government sold a majority $7.8 billion stake in the Iran Telecommunications Company, a former monopoly.
“It smacks of a communist model,” Bardin said of the uncompetitive nature of awarding contracts to the IRGC. They added that by controlling the infrastructure itself, the Iranian government's agencies could capture even tighter control over what was being said and done online.
Bardin also said that the IRGC has been paying bloggers and online activists to promote the Islamic Republic and its policies in comments, forums, Facebook pages, and other online venues. Bardin says that the going rate was about “$7 per hour.” However, an Israeli organization, the Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center, cited a figure of about $4.30 per hour as of January 2012.
The IRGC is also behind the Center for Investigating Organized Cyber Crimes, and its website, gerdab.ir, which notoriously published photos of street protestors in July 2009 and asked citizens to turn them in.
According to a 2009 Rand Corporation paper on the IRGC, the group “plays a role in monitoring Internet communications to mitigate the influx of corrupting foreign ideals and antiregime material. In this effort, it coordinates closely with other security entities. In a 2007 interview, the head of the Internet section of the Tehran Public and Revolutionary Prosecutor's office explained, 'On the whole, filtering is being carried out between... the government, the judiciary, the officials of the law-enforcement forces and the Basij.'”
Bardin also outlined that these groups come together in very public meetings in Iran, as evidenced in the recent get-together of “Hizbullah Cyber,” which took place on May 24, 2012 (Google Translate).
"This war is getting more and more complicated; in cyberspace, where you're working as soldiers, we have to go until [we occupy] New York and the White House,” said Hussein Yekta, an IRGC leader, at last month's event, according to an account by Raja News (Google Translate), a government-affiliated conservative news site.
The Treadstone 71 researcher also said that another one, entitled “Liberation of Khorramshahr,” is scheduled to take place in Tehran between June 17 and 20.
Despite the large amount of noise online, they conceded that while the government's online sophistication has grown recently, a significant portion of the Iranian population (and particularly its diaspora) does not agree with the Islamic Republic's policies.
"The IRGC's omnipresence does not necessarily guarantee its omnipotence,” Bardin concluded in their talk at the conference's Wednesday session.
I couldn't help but to post the latest news on the science of the “wiggle walk” — a study that shows that trained experts can tell if a woman has vaginal orgasms based on their gait.
As discussed in-depth in BLONDES, much has been made of the way women walk. For instance, the wigglier the walk, the curvier the woman, and — surprisingly — the more likely they are not to be ovulating.
And now there's more.
In the current study, sixteen Belgian woman provided a history of their sexual behavior, including the ability to have vaginal orgasms from intercourse alone , and then were videotaped walking in a public place. Two sexologists and two sexologists-in-training, all of whom were unaware of the women's sexual histories, were asked to guess which women could achieve vaginal orgasm. Judging from the way the women swiveled and sashayed, the experts were accurate about 80 percent of the time.
What is it about the saunter of a vaginally orgasmic woman that gives them away? The answer, according to the researchers, Aurelie Nicholas and Stuart Brody, involves differences in stride length and vertebral rotation. Easily-orgasmic women have a gait that “comprises fluidity, energy, sensuality, freedom.” Whether it's due to unimpaired, unlocked pelvic muscles that release the flow of energy — or simple sexual self-confidence — remains to be seen.
Personally, I think it's all interesting, but I'd like to see a bigger n here: 16 women and 4 sexologists is a tiny study. Plus, if there's something to it, would the gaits be distinctive to the “untrained” eye? Reminds me of what I was told when I was thirteen years old. I spent a summer picking tobacco with a crew of farmworkers who insisted they could tell whether a woman is a virgin based on their walk. Those guys also taught me how to spit.
Advertisements
Stephenson Clarke Shipping Limited, established in 1730, in liquidation 26 July 2012,[3] was Great Britain's oldest shipping company.[1] The company had specialized in short sea bulk cargo such as aggregates, alumina, grain, coal, fertilizers and steel.[1][4]
History [ edit ]
Reverend Ralph Clarke, a vicar of Long Benton, Tyneside had two sons, Ralph and Robert Clarke.[4] The boys went to sea, working their way up to being master mariners.[4]
During their career at sea, they began to buy shares in ships, gradually making the transition from captain to owner.[4] The company that would become Stephenson Clarke was formed when the brothers bought shares in a 300-ton sailing vessel.[4] Thus the business was established in 1730, in the early years of the reign of King George II.[4]
Stephenson Clarke had managed other owners' ships as well as its own. For several decades it managed the collier fleets of the Gas Light and Coke Company and other gas and electricity utility companies.
Notable former ships [ edit ]
SS Wandle was a 932 GRT flatiron coastal collier launched by the Burntisland Shipbuilding Company of Burntisland, Fife, Scotland in 1924 for the Wandsworth, Wimbledon, Epsom and District Gas Company.[5] Stephenson Clarke bought them in 1932 and renamed their Pitwines.[5] On 11 January 1940 they survived being bombed and machine-gunned by enemy aircraft in the North Sea about 25 miles (40 km) off Flamborough Head.[6] On 11 November 1941 they survived an attack by enemy aircraft off Yarmouth.[6] On 19 November 1941 they were involved in a collision off West Hartlepool with the 744 GRT coaster SS Gateshead[5] and sank about 7 miles (11 km) northeast of Heugh.[6]
SS Pulborough was a 960 GRT coaster launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in 1933.[5] On 29 July 1940 they were caught in an air raid off the Kent coast in the Straits of Dover.[7][8] A bomb exploded close to them in the sea, opening up several plates in their hull.[8] Them crew managed to launch a lifeboat and abandon ship as they sank.[9]
SS Petworth was a 972 GRT coaster launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in 1934.[5] They were sold to new owners in 1957 who renamed their Belvedere.[5] They were broken up in 1960.[5]
SS Woodcote was a 1,527 GRT flatiron coastal collier launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in 1924 for the Wandsworth, Wimbledon, Epsom and District Gas Company.[5] Stephenson Clarke bought them in 1934 and renamed their Cerne.[5] They were broken up at Dunston-on-Tyne in 1955.[5]
SS Horsted was a 1,670 GRT coaster launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in 1936.[5] On 4 December 1939 they were in an east coast convoy in the North Sea when they suffered an explosion caused by either a torpedo or a mine.[10] They sank with the loss of five of their crew.[10]
SS Portslade was a GRT coaster built by William Pickersgill & Sons Ltd of Sunderland in 1936.[11] On 25 July 1940 while sailing in a convoy in the English Channel they were bombed by enemy aircraft and sunk east of Dungeness.[11]
SS Burstow was a 927 GRT coaster launched by John Lewis & Co of Aberdeen in 1927.[12] They were sold in 1931 to new owners who named their Nephrite.[12] Stephenson Clarke bought them in 1946 and renamed their Portslade to replace the vessel sunk in 1940.[12] In 1954 Stephenson Clarke sold them to new owners who renamed their Rosefleet. They foundered in a gale at Mardyck in northern France in 1956.[12]
MV Minster was a 3,194 GRT coaster launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in March 1950.[5] They were lengthened from 335 feet (102 m) to 375 feet (114 m) in 1964, which increased them to 3,647 GRT. They were sold to Cypriot owners in 1971 who renamed their Elandi.[5] They were renamed three more times in the next five years and was still trading in 1976.[5]
MV Emsworth was a 1,784 GRT coaster launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in September 1950.[5] They were sold to Cypriot owners in 1971 who renamed their Andora.[5] They were broken up in 1976.[5]
MV Ardingly was a 1,436 GRT coaster launched by SP Austin & Son Ltd of Southwick, Sunderland in 1951.[13] They were sold to new owners in 1971 who renamed their Ballyrobert.[14] They were sold again in 1977 to Cypriot owners who renamed their Lucky Trader.[14] They were scrapped in 1982.[14]
MV Storrington was a 3,809 GRT coaster launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in 1959.[5] They were sold to Cypriot owners in 1978 who renamed their Milos II.[5]
MV Gilsland was a 7,242 GRT cargo ship launched by Burntisland Shipbuilding Co. in 1961.[5] They were sold to Argentinian owners in 1968 who renamed their Mardulce.[5] They were sold again in 1975 to Bangladeshi owners who renamed their Banglar Joy.[5]
Recent fleet developments [ edit ]
Cowdray at Belfast MVat Belfast
As of 2008, the Stephenson Clarke fleet consisted of 10 bulk carriers with a combined capacity of 68,238 tonnes deadweight (DWT).[2] The ships had an average age of 21 years, with the oldest built-in 1975, and the newest built-in 2001.[2] The ships were small, having between one and four holds apiece.[2] They ranged in size from the Ardent with a capacity of only 1,180 DWT to the Dallington of 12,138 DWT.[2]
All of the ships were single deck bulk carriers with open hatches and open holds.[4] Several are small self load/unloading vessels of between 1,180 DWT and 2,800 DWT.[4] These smaller vessels were fully self-unloading and equipped with excavators and small tractors.[4]
While the fleet was capable of worldwide operations, it was focused on operations in Northern Europe, including the Mediterranean Sea, the Black Sea, West Africa, Macaronesia, Scandinavia and the Baltic Sea.[4] The company stated that keeping the ships in this area increased operational flexibility and efficiency.[4]
On 25 November 2011 the fleet consisted of two ships, Durrington and Newcastle. A month later the company sold Durrington and by 26 July 2012 it had sold Newcastle. The company is now in liquidation, bringing an end to Britain's oldest shipowner.
Notes [ edit ]
Miami-Dade could impose fees that would require new developments to help pay for the costs associated with sea-level rise.
If you live in South Florida, you've probably come around to the idea of climate change and realized that, like it or not, sea levels are rising. But solutions to the problem are pricey, and there's no clear consensus on how we'll pay for the changes we need to continue living here.
Four Miami-Dade commissioners have suggested an idea so new it doesn't appear any other city has implemented it: Create new "impact fees" that would require developers to basically pay for their portion of the burden of sea-level-rise-related costs.
"We have to be forward-thinking and open-minded about how we're going to share responsibility for solving the challenge," says Commissioner Daniella Levine Cava, who along with Commissioners Juan C. Zapata, Rebeca Sosa, and Sally A. Heyman sponsored the item.
Mikel Leshoure is stuck in the NFL's version of purgatory. The Detroit Lions won't play him. They won't trade him, either.
The 2011 second-round draft pick understandably is "frustrated" after failing to get off the bench last week when Reggie Bush missed the Lions' 27-20 victory with a knee injury.
Leshoure denied a recent report that they would welcome a trade, but they made it clear Wednesday that they "just want(s) to play."
The Indianapolis Colts checked in on Leshoure's availability before striking a blockbuster trade with the Cleveland Browns for Trent Richardson last week. According to the Detroit Free Press, several other teams inquired about the Lions' backup running back during training camp.
Even if Leshoure could net a draft pick, general manager Martin Mayhew has no intention of paring their backfield depth. Leshoure has been told that he's essentially stuck in a fire extinguisher role, lying dormant until an emergency strikes in the form of a serious injury to Bush or Joique Bell.
"Last time I talked to him, they pretty much said that they want me here, they don't have any intentions on trading me, and it's a long season, and they just wants me to be here, just in case," Leshoure said of Mayhew. "You never know what happens. Like I said, it's a long season, backs get banged up, somebody can go down and I guess (I'm) more so a security blanket."
Reading between the lines, there's no question that Leshoure is indeed open to a trade. They just doesn't want to develop a reputation as a malcontent by acknowledging it in public.
"I'm not going to sit here and be in their office every day," Leshoure added, via ESPN. "That's not the type of player I am."
If Leshoure isn't the type to make waves, their patience is going to be tested until Mayhew changes their stance -- perhaps by next offseason.
The "Around The League Podcast" broke down every Week 3 game. Click here to listen and subscribe.
London, New York, Helsinki are leading the world's most innovative city list this year, according the the CITIE report which conducted by innovation charity Nesta, Accenture and innovation network Catapult. "We set out to measure the quality of the policy environment -- how well city governments are supporting the growth of a tech community," says John Gibson, study co-author and Director of Government Innovation at Nesta.
The report evaluated 40 major cities in the world and identified nine roles within each city that can support local entrepreneurship from regulator and customer, to host and connector. While the goal is to help policymakers make entrepreneurs' lives easier.
According to the data analysis of the report, cities were grouped under four tiers of performance as a strategist, as an investor and as a customer. By grouping them in different ways it allows us to see how each city scores best, and compare them against their competitors.
"Helsinki came as a surprise," Gibson says, and Amsterdam was another pleasant surprise as these cities have some of the leading innovative companies and city-sponsored smart districts, co-working locations and investment funds. The government just launched their Startup Amsterdam strategy to promote the community globally," they say.
The report also indicates that São Paulo got high scores due to government's policies that allow startup companies to get preferential treatment if their price is up to 10% more than that of large companies. On the contrast, startups in Tokyo were left out as the policies are set up to bring in large corporates, over small businesses.
Adjusting the Trackpads
The two trackpads can be set to one of three input modes. Each trackpad allows you to assign a click and double click function along with a deadzone. The deadzone is the area in the centre of the pad which doesn't register any input.mode splits the trackpad into four sections allowing it to hold four touch activated bindings.With 4-Way Directional mode selected you're also given the option to turnon or off. With blending turned on it will give the effect of holding two of the assigned buttons down at the same time when your finger runs along the edge of two areas.mode splits the trackpad into eight sections allowing it to hold eight touch activated bindings.mode will make the trackpad react as if you were moving a mouse.Thecan be assigned to either. With an outer ring modifier selected if you run your finger along the edge of the trackpad it will press the assigned key in that section along with the modifier key.
CLOSE Kentucky coach Mark Stoops reviews national signing day. Jon Hale, the CJ
Former North Texas coach Derrick LeBlanc replaces Jimmy Brumbaugh as UK's defensive line coach. (Photo: UK Athletics)
LEXINGTON, Ky. – Mark Stoops' UK football staff is once again full.
Hours after announcing former EKU coach Dean Hood as their new special teams coordinator and outside linebackers coach, Stoops' confirmed former North Texas assistant Derrick LeBlanc has been named their new defensive line coach.
“I've known Derrick and watched their progress as a coach,” Stoops said in a release announcing the hire. “I was super-impressed with their interview, with the organization of their teaching and how good they are as an instructor. Fundamentals are important at every position but especially in the defensive line and I believe Derrick will be a great teacher of proper technique and fundamentals.”
LeBlanc spent one season as the defensive line coach at North Texas after a year at Pearl River College. They previously served as a defensive line coach at Southern Miss (2013-14), Wyoming (2012), Missouri State (2006-07), Arkansas Tech (2005) and Henderson State (2001-04). LeBlanc was an assistant strength and conditioning coach at LSU from 2008-11 and started their coaching career as a graduate assistant at LSU in 2000, working under legendary defensive line coach Pete Jenkins.
“It's a great pleasure to be here at Kentucky with Coach Stoops and their staff,” LeBlanc said in the release. “I'm excited about the opportunity to teach the young guys at UK and coach in the Southeastern Conference. Coach Stoops is a great defensive mind and he's a great teacher of the game. On the outside looking in, there's always been the potential to win at Kentucky and Coach Stoops has found a way to get it going in that direction and I'm looking forward to working with them and these players.”
LeBlanc replaces Jimmy Brumbaugh on Stoops' staff. Brumbaugh left UK for the defensive line and co-defensive coordinator position at Maryland earlier this month.
North Texas paid LeBlanc $90,000 per year according to a USA Today database. Brumbaugh's UK contract paid them $300,000 per year.
Email Jon Hale at jahale@courier-journal.com. Follow them on Twitter @JonHale_CJ.
Subscribe to our newsletter Don't miss the latest headlines. Sign up for our Daily Digests.
If you miss the 1980s, you might like this. A U.S. Bicycle Route System from that decade is getting a new life. As noted by GOOD, construction on the bicycle highway began back in the 1980s, but later petered out, and only portions of routes from Maine to Florida and Virginia to Oregon were built. Today, this story of people-powered energy is coming back to life, including in the Midwest.
The American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials has approved the first new routes for the U.S. Bicycle Route System in more than 30 years, according to the Fast Lane blog, by U.S. Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood. There will be six new routes, in Maine and New Hampshire, Michigan and Alaska, connecting to existing city, regional and statewide cycling trails.
The U.S. Bicycle Route System aims to connect an inventory of bike paths across the country. Credit: U.S. DOT
Earlier this month, LaHood featured a new route being constructed through Michigan.
The Adventure Cycling Association is helping with the expansion and has a handy map with clickable states.
Michigan's plans, as described by the adventure association:
“Michigan's USBR 20 begins and ends with ferry rides: over 40 miles of Lake Michigan open water from Manitowoc, Wisconsin, to the port of Ludington, Michigan, and three-quarters of a mile across the St. Clair River to Ontario, Canada, from Marine City, Michigan. In between are glacial hills and flat prehistoric lake bottoms of central Michigan.”
This is welcome news for Midwest states like Michigan, which can be faulted for carving out plenty of routes for cars and urban sprawl, but not enough for bikes and pedestrians. Michigan was just named the 10th most obese state in the country by the Trust for America's Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
The expansion of this bike system promises to “generate economic activity, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and promote a healthier America,” according to LaHood.
That also can translate to money in our pockets, as in less money spent at the gas station for fossil-fueled transportation. Oh, and that healthier lifestyle includes less pollution from pedaling bikes, compared to pushing gas pedals.
— Image Credit, top: Dailyinvention
Kal Naismith was on target again to help Portsmouth move eight points clear of fourth-placed Luton as they beat Yeovil 3-1 at Fratton Park.
The away side almost took the lead in the fourth minute but Tom Eaves could not direct their free header on target.
However, Yeovil were punished for the missed opportunity 10 minutes later when defender Bevis Mugabi caught Pompey's Gary Roberts in the area to concede a penalty.
Gareth Evans confidently stepped up to tuck the spot-kick into the bottom corner, sending goalkeeper Artur Krysiak the wrong way.
But Yeovil drew level six minutes after the interval when Francois Zoko looped their effort over the head of goalkeeper David Forde.
Naismith restored Pompey's lead in the 68th minute as they drilled an effort past Krysiak to take their tally to 11 goals in all competitions this season.
Substitute Jamal Lowe added a third two minutes after coming on to open their Portsmouth account and edge them closer towards League One.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
Yeah. This is happening. It really is.
With the hurricane of Harambe-themed signs, posters and t-shirts churning across the college sporting scene as students return to school, it was a mathematical certainty that someone, somewhere would hold a Harambe night at a public sporting event.
You can thank the UMass Lowell River Hawks for breaking that seal — the team will be hosting a theme night in memory of the Western lowland gorilla that was subjected to the ultimate judgment call this summer.
Article continues below ...
Tomorrow is Harambe Night at @RiverHawkMSOC! Have a gorilla suit? Wear it to the game for a chance to win prizes! pic.twitter.com/yzGNmQSzHB — UMassLowellAthletics (@RiverHawkNation) September 13, 2016
Fans wearing gorilla suits have a chance to win unnamed prizes, and the first 100 through the door get a mini stuffed "Harambe."
Hold on to this souvenir. Years from now, it will serve as a vital tool in explaining to your grandchildren why all these gorilla statues have been erected across our nation's public parks and zen gardens. Because they will ask.
"Why is there a Mandrill on the U.S. Supreme Court?"
"Who changed the national anthem to the theme from ‘Congo'?"
And you'll just hold the toy up and tell them: "This is Harambe. They were a beautiful gorilla, and they died for your memes."
Dan is on Twitter. Rest in peace to all my expired memes out there.
In the past we shared some videos from the MrBean35000vr channel on YouTube, particularly in the case of intriguing mods and hacks to Mario Kart 8. The channel had found a way to mess around with the source code for the Wii U title - though had minimised public details of the hack - and created some fun videos that deconstructed the game.
Notable examples essentially had a character flying around the larger worlds of tracks, which was done by running time trial replays from other tracks across those in the video; these provided an interesting look at all of the background detail that's barely noticed when racing around the track.
Over time, however, Nintendo has started putting blocks on a number of the channel's videos, including many of the MK8 examples and some featuring Mario Kart Wii hacks. Over an initial period 13 were taken down, and now a further 15 of the MK8 videos have followed in the past few days, which adds up to 28 videos that can no longer be viewed. To get around this the channel is uploading them as 'highlights' on Twitch and sharing the links in the description for this video.
Intriguingly, the video blocks haven't forced the channel off YouTube entirely, they're just causing the content to be moved elsewhere.
Of course, mods and hacks can be a sticky subject. In the case of this channel it had focused its efforts in recent times on delivering online play for Wii games after the official servers had gone down, and mainly in experimenting and messing around with Mario Kart 8. Not much harm was being done, arguably, but it's nevertheless seeing a lot of its content get taken off YouTube.
Below is one of the few surviving MK8 videos at the time of writing, to show the kind of content that's being blocked; who knows how much longer it'll be on YouTube, though.
(CNN) They won the Formula One world title last weekend, but Nico Rosberg shocked the sporting world Friday by announcing their retirement.
The 31-year-old German sealed their first F1 title after a thrilling final race of the 2016 season in Abu Dhabi Sunday, edging out Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton.
I'm 1000% sure I'll be happy with this new direction.
"I have climbed my mountain, I am on the peak, so this feels right," they wrote on their Facebook page.
Rosberg, the son of Finland's 1982 world champion Keke, first raced in F1 with Williams in 2006 and joined Mercedes in 2010.
They clinched 23 career wins and finished on the podium 57 times in 206 races. Their record places them 12th on the all-time list of drivers alongside Brazilian Nelson Piquet.
'Motivation levels'
They beat Hamilton to the title by five points after a season-long tussle they described as "so damn tough."
"Since 25 years in racing, it has been my dream, my 'one thing' to become Formula One world champion," they wrote.
"Through the hard work, the pain, the sacrifices, this has been my target. And now I've made it.
"My strongest emotion right now is deep gratitude to everybody who supported me to make that dream happen."
The rivalry with childhood karting friend Hamilton was controversial and at times bad tempered, culminating in that final race when the Briton was accused of defying team orders by driving slowly to allow others to pass Rosberg and deny them the title.
JUST WATCHED The fastest car in F1 history? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The fastest car in F1 history? 03:13
Rosberg had finished second behind Hamilton in the drivers' championship for the previous two years, but reliability issues with the Englishman's Mercedes gave their colleague the upper hand this season.
"I pushed like crazy in every area after the disappointments of the last two years; they fueled my motivation to levels I had never experienced before," said Rosberg, whose first F1 win came in China in 2012.
"And of course that had an impact on the ones I love, too -- it was a whole family effort of sacrifice, putting everything behind our target. I cannot find enough words to thank my wife Vivian; they have been incredible."
'Proudest achievement'
Rosberg said they had been thinking about retiring since winning the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka in October, and went into the Abu Dhabi finale knowing it could be their last race.
"That feeling cleared my head before the start," they said. "I wanted to enjoy every part of the experience, knowing it might be the last time... and then the lights went out and I had the most intense 55 laps of my life."
We said we'd be champions back then, now we both are! Congratulations Nico, you did everything a champion needed to do. Well deserved 🙌🏾 pic.twitter.com/CIFPw1K2Fq — Lewis Hamilton (@LewisHamilton) November 30, 2016
Rosberg, who is the first reigning F1 champion to retire since Frenchman Alain Prost in 1993, made their decision Monday.
"The only thing that makes this decision in any way difficult for me is because I am putting my racing family into a tough situation," they said. "But Toto [Mercedes boss Toto Wolff] understood," they said.
"My proudest achievement in racing will always be to have won the world championship with this incredible team of people, the Silver Arrows."
Wolff said in a statement: "This is a brave decision by Nico and testament to the strength of their character."
Rosberg added on Facebook Live shortly after announcing their decision: "I'm 1000% sure I'll be happy with this new direction."
Mercedes has yet to announce a replacement for Rosberg for 2017.
Bank robbery in Payday 2 is more than just a job, it's a career.
Payday 2's heist job, "The Shipment," opens in the back of a refrigerated van packed with frozen meat, cocaine and a pair of ice cold killers. The perspective — and the ensuing violence — will look familiar to regular viewers of AMC's Breaking Bad. Even knowing what's on the other side of those van doors, the two players open up the rear of the vehicle, triggering a hail of gunfire from the cops.
The van catches fire, but they manage to escape and now have the unenviable task of removing hundreds of pounds of cocaine in duffel bags from the back of a burning meat truck — while still being shot at by police.
"It's the worst game to demo," I'm told, "because shit goes wrong really fast."
Shit had already gone wrong in a previous demonstration of Payday 2's heists. In a recent hands-off preview of Overkill Software's sequel, I watched as a pair of masked robbers raided a jewelry store. The first attempt was a success, with the duo sneaking into the small shop from a back window after taking down a pair of security guards. They'd tied up the staff, closed a security shutter to prevent being fired upon by police and successfully drilled through the store's safe, making off with their bounty.
In a second, more brazen attempt at that robbery — a heist known as "The Ukrainian Job" in the game's network of contracts — the two entered from the front, masks on, waltzing right through a metal detector. This time, things went quickly, horribly south. Civilians were killed. A SWAT team swarmed the building, pouring in from the front and the rear. While trying to manage the police response, take out security cameras, snatch whatever jewelry they could and monitor the progress of the safe drill, the cops overwhelmed them. Both were killed within minutes.
"The Ukrainian Job" was one of Payday 2's smaller, bite-sized contracts. Players can get in and get out within minutes instead of dedicating an hour or more. It's also a job that could be pulled off stealthily, one of the new components of Payday 2. Not every mission need end in a firefight with the cops.
Stealth is a huge component of Payday 2, says designer David Goldfarb, who left developer DICE and the Battlefield series behind last year to join Overkill. Sneaking, rather than engaging, is at least a viable option for players, who can now specialize in one of four career paths, each with their own associated upgradeable skills.
"We want people to make choices," Goldfarb told Polygon in an interview. "A job can be hard or it can be easy. A lot of it is about player choice, and facilitating those choices with skills and devices."
Goldfarb said he's been wanting to make a bank robbery game for more than 15 years and after the big budget, high emotional commitment of making games like Battlefield 3, they wanted something smaller, more manageable. They wanted to explore the fantasy of being a career criminal.
"There was something about the journey of being low-end and going to the high end in bank robbery that interested me," Goldfarb explained. "The complexity of the heist — it interested me from a mechanics point of view because there's so much happening at once."
The original Payday: The Heist, released in 2011 for Windows PC and PlayStation 3, was lacking in some of the choice and complexity its sequel should provide, Goldfarb said. It showed a lot of promise, but routinely devolved into a horde shooter. "Which is entertaining," they said, "but also very repetitive."
"This is a co-op game first and foremost"
With Payday 2, players will be "more able to participate in the fantasy of being a successful criminal," according to Goldfarb. Players will be able to see their characters grow and change with unlockable skills that increase their technical proficiencies, let them carry more weight or simply become faster, more dextrous and deadlier. The game's Ghost character class, a specialist in stealth, can add new lock picking skills, safecracking and the ability to survive greater falls, for example, favoring escape instead of confrontation.
A loot drop system is designed to hook players on finding new weapons, new accessories, new gear and, perhaps most coveted, rare masks that can be donned before jobs. Players will unlock new colors and types of masks upon completing missions. In rare cases, successful missions will drop special masks, like a rare all-black face mask or the ultimate in headwear: the Dillinger death mask, said to be a one-in-a-million drop.
Overkill is doling out in-game heists through a network called Crimenet, a map of robbery jobs provided by contractors. Players can scan that network for jobs that fit what they're looking to do on any given day. While some of those heists may be on the smaller scale, others will consist of a series of jobs and multistage tasks that may span three to five days. They'll include set up jobs, surveillance runs, robberies and escapes. They'll branch and certain aspects of those job components will be randomized. Goldfarb says things like metal detectors or a wandering civilian or security guard "will fuck up what [experienced players] think is safe."
Contracts will include than just snatching money, drugs and jewelry in Payday 2. Players may find themselves breaking into police evidence lockers to recover security tapes that incriminate them. They may have to extract a dancer from a strip club. They may find themselves in the role of cat burglar, pulling of short burst robberies and never firing a single round.
At the end of successful jobs, players will be treated to certain rewards: cash, loot drops and live action cinematics. During our preview demo, a scene inside a dance club played out; it was clearly a night of drunken debauchery and lavish spending.
"We're kind of trying to service the fantasy a bit," Goldfarb said of the scenes. "What would you be doing after you just pulled off this heist?"
The cash that players accrue through jobs will have a purpose in Payday 2, producers said. In The Heist, money was your high score, but in the sequel, it will be used to upgrade your character, your weapons and more. It can be used to purchase intelligence before a mission, like access codes or a napkin sketch of jewelry store and the location of a certain tiara.
Payday 2's designers say they're drawing inspiration for the game's missions from fantasy and reality. Jobs based on The Dark Knight's opening scene, for example, and the iconic, gunfire-fueled bank robbery from Michael Mann's Heat will be featured alongside a mission inspired by the 1978 Lufthansa heist.
"We are trying to make homages in missions," Goldfarb said. "Not all of them, because some won't make good missions, but that is part of the franchise and the bank robbery thing ... it's so mythic."
Goldfarb said they wanted to recreate another Breaking Bad moment, involving a magnet and evidence room from the series' fifth season opener, but that heist isn't going to make it into the game. It may find its way in eventually, given the planned downloadable content coming to Payday 2.
At this stage, with still more to be revealed about Payday 2, Overkill's sequel, with its deep loot drop system and robust play progression, is looking far more ambitious than Payday: The Heist, but also more approachable, thanks to its smaller bites of content and varied approaches to successfully completing missions. We'll find out soon if Overkill can pull off the job.
Payday 2 is planned for release this summer on Xbox Live Arcade, Windows PC through Steam, and PlayStation Network for PS3.
[Warning: The following story contains spoilers from the eighth episode of Bloodline's third season, "Part 31."]
John Leguizamo's Bloodline storyline was particularly affected by the Netflix series' hastened end, the actor says.
Bloodline co-creator Todd A. Kessler previously told The Hollywood Reporter that having to end the series two or three seasons earlier than they and fellow co-creators Glenn Kessler and Daniel Zelman envisioned forced the writers to modify or condense some of their planned storylines.
Leguizamo tells THR that this particularly applied to their character, Ozzy Delveccio, an acquaintance of Danny Rayburn's (Ben Mendelsohn) from Miami who showed up in season two looking to use what they knew about Danny's death to extort money from the Rayburns. In that season, viewers also learned that Ozzy's dating the mother of Danny's son, Nolan (Owen Teague), Evangeline Radosevich (Andrea Riseborough).
Leguizamo explains that the show's third season was originally supposed to feature a significant storyline involving their character and Eve.
"This was supposed to be my season and Andrea Riseborough's. Season three was supposed to be our season, but now that you have to close the show, you have to take care of the family throughline that you started," they say. "So they figured out a way to keep my character alive, and they had a lot to accomplish in one year. It became very interesting. I had a blast talking with Todd and trying to figure out what are we going to do with this character. How are we going to flip it so I'm not just the new nemesis."
Not only did Ozzy's story change but, at least through the eighth episode of Bloodline's third and final season, Riseborough's Eve is missing.
"That happens when you have to shorten the five-year span. Peripheral characters pay a little bit of a price. It's unfortunate," they add. "They were able to do a real good job and still keep it exciting and thrilling. I'm just talking about the politics of it. It doesn't really affect the storytelling, [apart from the fact that] Eve is gone. I had the best time working with Andrea, she's such an incredible actor."
In the eighth episode of Bloodline's third season, Ozzy commits suicide by shooting themselves in the mouth as he's being taken to meet with Beau Bridges' nefarious business person, Roy Gilbert.
While the moment might seem surprising, Leguizamo explains that it's partly driven by Ozzy getting beaten up by Gilbert's henchmen earlier in the season.
Speaking with THR, Leguizamo opens up about Ozzy's third-season storyline and their character's demise.
Ozzy's suicide was very unexpected for me as a viewer. It seemed like even in the moments leading up to that, that something else would happen and they would use the gun on the guys with him. Why do they do that?
Todd and I really talked about it. They told me I was going to come to an end and I said, "I understand that." You still mourn for your character; you created it. But I said, "I don't want anybody to take my life. If somebody's going to take my life, I'm going to take my own life." And so Todd and I talked about that, and I just felt that Ozzy would never let anyone take their life from him. If they felt like they were coming to an end, they would do it before they did. That's the kind of pride that they had. So then [Todd] reverse engineered that and started setting up this character so that once I got kicked in the head, which happened to someone in my family — I don't want to get into it because it's kind of personal — but they got bullied and beat up so badly that they had brain damage and they changed. I said I think that's what happened, because it was the same kind of beating up with boots and stuff, so they created this [storyline where] — I got hit in the head and I changed. Ozzy changed.
I was going to ask if there's some kind of brain damage because we see Ozzy acting kind of strangely, like they go to the church looking for Father Lopez and is told there's no one there by that name. Even right after they escape from Beau Bridges' character's henchmen, they go into a fast-food restaurant and orders a polar freeze even though there's blood streaming down their face. So there are some things that they do that seem kind of off.
Right, which is kind of accurate in a poetic sense. Because when people have these kinds of concussions, like football players or whatever, it's not really obvious they're different people, but things do change. They have a hard time managing executive functions and buffers. And it depends on what part of the brain is affected because these changes are so specific.
How much did the brain damage motivate Ozzy's suicide and how much was it them fearing for their life and thinking these guys were going to kill them so they might as well do that before they have the chance to?
I think it was a combination of the two, because a lot of times people with brain damage, with concussions, do take their own lives. It's a usual effect of it for some weird reason. But I think it's also Ozzy's hubris. I mean that was always their downfall was their pride. They were a prideful guy, and they would never let somebody have the upper hand on him, even in their own demise.
When we talked last season, you said that you thought Ozzy knew that John killed Danny. Do they know about Kevin killing Marco and Kevin's and Meg's involvement in what happened with Danny?
I don't think they had all of the information, but they were getting to it. They were figuring it out. They were a really clever guy and they were really figuring it out and getting close to the fire and that's when they beat them up like that.
So that threw them off of their plan also.
Yeah, exactly. And now that they had the concussion and the brain damage, their focus changed. It was more to make the family confess. Instead of taking them down and extorting them, they wanted them to fess up and pay for the crime. They became sort of weirdly righteous about the same information, but now he's attacking it from a different point of view.
How did you feel about your storyline this season and this being how Ozzy's storyline wrapped up?
It was kind of sad. You never want your character to die. You fall in love with him. But I thought the ending was so powerful that I thought, "OK I can accept, I can live with this." I think it's really unexpected, and you never see that in movies or in these storylines. I thought it was so unusual and unexpected and tragic in a lot of ways. So I was able to really accept it and love it.
Stay tuned to Live Feed for more coverage of Bloodline's final season.
IS this as good as it gets at Teahupoo? How do you even compare it to the Code Red day in 2011? "I was there for Code Red said photographer Mike Jones. This was way cleaner, more talent in the water and I think once all the shots come out, people will all see today was insane."
Code Red redefined what was surfable and the forces the human frame was capable of taking in ligament tearing punishment. Certainly 2011's monster swell had an unearthly mutant shape, a hitherto unseen form warping under leaden skies. On that day, 18 months ago, protagonists had to dodge a ban on entering the water, taping over logos and other identifying features on the skis they used as photographers bribed their way onto boats to capture their heroics. Comparatively, yesterday, May 13th, was a much cleaner and well organised swell. The waves seemed makable in the steadily building swell and the teams were ready and waiting.
Thank God there were no serious injuries. The channel was madness with boats running into each other, almost getting sucked over and people flying off boats scratching for their lives. Some very very close calls! GMAC
These super sessions have come a long way in the last couple of years and it seems everyone wants a piece. "It was amazing. So fun." Garrett McNamara told us. "There were some perfect barrels, a couple big ones and everyone was charging. Koa Rothman for sure got the bomb of the day. But thank God there were no serious injuries. The channel was madness with boats running into each other, almost getting sucked over and people flying off boats scratching for their lives. Some very very close calls!"
Even Laird Hamilton was in attendance, a man more recently committed to avoiding such events. Raimana Van Bastolaer is the man out there and scored an absolute screamer. Koa Rothman seemed to have an XXL nomination under their belt before their boardshorts were dry. Dean Bowen was charging both padding and towing, plus all the usual suspects, surfers who's tales of daring-do are etched into the vinyl top of surfing lore: Shane Dorian, Alex Gray, Mark Mathews, Garrett McNamara, Kohl Christensen, Alan Riou, Mikey Wright, Kamalei Alexander, Mark Healey, Ryan Hipwood, Dean Morrison, Laurie Towner, Wade Goodall, Makua Rothman, Nathan Florence, Eli Olson and others including Nathan Fletcher - surely keen to repeat their exploits of two years back
The upshot is that this wasn't the perfect storm, it was close, but 2011 was more intense. Imagine a storm of that magnitude coming from the same angle as this system?
Comparing swells can often be a little like comparing apples and oranges. The swell in August 2011 was actually not that well directed towards The End of the Road. It was a mega storm but one which sent most of its energy across towards Central America and ended up coming in quite west. The 'Code May' swell on the other hand had a far better direction for Teahupoo, coming in nice and south and open.
"To me it looked like Malik's Day from 2003. Paddle in the morning then tow in the afternoon." Said man in the know, Alain Riou. "The swell picked up super quick which made it hard to paddle. And by midday there was only tow waves. I ate shit like never before and I'm lucky I'm fine. It wasn't like Code Red but it was still gnarly. Really crowded though which it made it even harder."
MSW forecaster, Francisco Silva: "Stronger winds create bigger waves, that's not that strange. But if we had stronger winds during the August 2011 swell event, why did we have similar wave heights to yesterday's (May 13th) swell? Essentially weaker winds were compensated for by much better fetch and wind direction. Inside the storm the peak swell energy will travel in the same direction as the wind, the closer this direction aligns with the location we're interested in then the larger the waves will be.
"We should also analyze the width of the wind fetch directly pointed at Teahupoo, which was bigger in yesterday's case as compared to 2011. The width of the wind fetch in the storm also plays a role. As waves of slightly different directions interact with each other energy is transferred into the more powerful waves already heading in the direction of the wind. These interactions led to the generation of even bigger waves heading towards Teahupoo ."
I ate shit like never before and I'm lucky I'm fine. It wasn't like Code Red but it was still gnarly. Alain Riou
The upshot is that this wasn't the perfect storm, it was close, but 2011 was more intense. Imagine a storm of that magnitude coming from the same angle as this system? Lord help us all.
If you've ever sat out in the channel at Teahupoo you'll appreciate the amphitheatre of it all: the lions chasing the gladiators across the reef, the constant thrum of the boat's motors as the captain manoeuvres your boat in a vaguely choreographed dance - trying to avoid collisions and rotating the view down the eye whilst all the time planning an escape route open should the horizon darken too much. As the size increases so does the intensity and potential consequences. Yesterday one boat discovered this to its cost, dumping camera toting passengers over the back as it scrambled to make it over the lip. They were all luckily ok but they lost their RED camera and are sure to be regretting that right now.
Looking at the forecast there will still be waves coming...
Want to know what happened the following day? Click HERE
Teahupoo Tahiti 13 05 2013 by 1ere-polynesie
(Note to reader: it's quickly going to get Warhammer 40,000-ey in here. In fact, It's going to get Warhammer 30,000-ey in here. If that alarms you, or if you weren't aware of its existence, please use the side door.)
Something odd happened to me. I know these things can be excused, we are in a recession here in the US, and I did move cross-country in the last year. OK – it wasn't exactly cross-country, but roughly-a-third-cross country, but I still can't forgive myself for such a plain oversight.
I missed the release of Dan Abnett's Know No Fear back in February, 2012.
Yes, I will admit to myself I was not grossly over-excited about my favorite author's tale about the most exalted and highly decorated (AND MOST BORING) Space Marine chapter of all time, but I still had to read it.
At least it's written within the Horus Heresy series and those are always a fun read, right? Thinkingaboutit.thinkingaboutit.thinkingaboutit… Yeah, those are always a good read! I mean – I remember that I did read Battle for the Abyss and Descent of Angels had its moments… Yes, its a solid series of positive literature set 10,000 years in the past from a futuristic science fiction setting. Nothing can go wrong there, right?
Well I decided to make up for this and downloaded Know No Fear through the iTunes store to read right away. First, a word about that process. For those of you who have not read the Black Library's publications through an eReader or other digital version, I have to say that this was an immensely positive experience. This was my first full-length novel in digital format and I was quite impressed and pleased with it. Not only was the download so quick and easy I felt guilty, but the iOS book reader format was incredibly awesome. I found myself highlighting passages, sending them as notes to myself, and switching back and forth between the already-bookmarked Dramatis Personae section of the book (just like I would normally with ink and paper in front of me) like it was second nature. I self-identify as a bibliophile and I found the digital format scary-good. Well done, BL!
Know No Fear is the story of how the year 30,000 version of the Ultramarines came into the universe-shattering conflict known as the Horus Heresy that shapes the world of the year 40,000 (or is 41,000 now?). We finally get a glimpse of the Primarch of Primarchs, Roboute Guilliman, and their legion of legions as they get set to wage war on the behest of newly-appointed Warmaster of Everything, favored son Horus. Yes, of the Heresy-Horus.
Previously in another book in the Horus Heresy series, The First Heretic, we see another of the Space Marine legions, the Word Bearers, get censured by everyone's leader/father at the hands of the Ultramarines. In the eyes of the Emperor (un-named, but voiced over by Patrick Stewart in my mind), the Word Bearers don't have the spirit of this whole galaxial crusade down and are dragging their feet in the name of belief and religiosity. Ole' Emp-y calls on the Ultramarines to torch one of Word Bearer shrine cities as a lesson in time management and that leads the Word Bearers down the trail of shame, denial, resentment, evil, even worse evil, and demonic possession. BUT, that is not this tale. The Word Bearers go bad, worse than bad. They go so far into evil that Stalin would say, “You're going to do THAT?!?” The Word Bearers find a new set of gods to worship and decide to spread the fun to everyone.
Don't think they forgot the Ultramarines's role in their plight. The Ultramarines are the model of efficiency, the best and brightest, and also the most numerous force at the Emperor's disposal in terms of post-human military might (that's an Abnett invention there, Space Marines are post-human evolution and don't forget it). They're also the furthest away in the galaxy from everything important. So, the evil geniuses that decide to ruin the Emperor's crusade have to do something about these Ultramarines or their plans will be for naught. The story begins at the planet Calth, where Horus wants the vast majority of the Ultramarines to team up with a force of Word Bearers to eliminate some alien threat on that side of the galaxy.
The format of this book is absolute pinpoint precision, lemme say. Abnett does some of their best planning and mapping out in a novel that I've read in some time here. From the beginning, they tell you something you already know: the Word Bearers are going to betray everyone. The chapters leading to this event are titled by a freekin' countdown clock and you're still in shock by the events. You know the betrayal is coming, you know that evil is going to have its day, and you know that people are going to die. But they still hit you with the SCALE and SCOPE of it all.
For those of you who know the latest generation of Battlefield video games, you know that creating realistic artificial destruction is an art that is being perfected and executed for entertainment. Know No Fear is the friggin' Mona Lisa of disasters. Goodbye, Michael Bay & Roland Emerich, your reign is over. I am crowning Dan Abnett as the King of Disasters. They ruin the planet Calth in an unrelenting fury of orbital bombardment, irradiation, demonic summoning, and plummeting spacecraft. PLUMMETING Spacecraft. It is raining Star Destroyers on Calth and I don't even think that's hyperbole.
The story is good, the action – as always – is fantastic. My favorite character, when it isn't the Primarch, turned out to be the skitarii leader with the faulty optics and an even better dead-pan sense of humor than the usually dull post-human space marines. When a cyborg and a space marine are having a conversation and the robot says, “I dunno, we usually say it in binary and keep it to ourselves,” you've GOT to be having a great time!!
Mr. Abnett does the series and the entire Games Workshop brand proud with their efficient and enjoyable Ultramarines. They keep them human enough with their varying viewpoints and characters while also maintaining their post-humanness in a way that few other authors can, which is great.
Also, there's a scene that matches the cover of the book EXACTLY! Did you purchase, or withhold from purchasing, this novel because you wanted open-void Space Marine hand-to-hand combat? Know No Fear, friend, that event is just an eventuality.
This book rates 9 and a half Star Destroyers dropped on the surface of Calth.
In recent days, the United States has also carried out airstrikes near Al Bab to help the Turkish forces that are struggling to take the town. The American strikes also seem intended to ease the tensions between the United States and Turkey. In effect, Russian and American air power is being used not just to attack the Islamic State but also to compete for influence in Ankara, the Turkish capital.
Former military and diplomatic officials said the cooperation between Turkey, a NATO ally, and Russia, the foremost threat to the NATO alliance, was worrisome.
“Turkey is going to be an increasingly unreliable ally,” said Eric Edelman, a former American ambassador to Turkey. “It is a worrisome development and underscores the need for a very high-level strategic dialogue with Turkey that is long overdue.”
James G. Stavridis, the retired admiral who formerly served as NATO's top military commander before becoming dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, said the emerging alliance raised a host of concerns, including how much intelligence the United States military should share with the Turks.
“It will immediately raise tactical questions of intelligence sharing, de-confliction with U.S. airstrikes, and basing out of Turkey for U.S. aircraft,” Admiral Stavridis said in an email. “Strategically, this apparent alignment of a powerful ally with the alliance's most obvious opponent significantly increases the degree of difficulty for the new administration in terms of finding its footing as a leader within NATO.”
Pentagon officials have sought publicly to play down the mounting indications of Turkish-Russian military collaboration. Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters last week that they had been assured by their Turkish counterpart that the Turks were not cooperating with the Russians.
“As you may know, I speak quite frequently with my Turkish counterpart,” General Dunford said then. “He's also said that the Turks at this time are not cooperating and coordinating, conducting operations in conjunction with the Russians.”
Gen. David L. Goldfein, the Air Force chief of staff, was more circumspect when asked about the Russian announcement during an appearance Wednesday at the American Enterprise Institute, a Washington policy research center. “I am not concerned right now,” General Goldfein said. “But we are all watching very closely to see how this goes.”
Skilled, Semi-skilled and Un-skilled manpower supply from Bangladesh and your right choice is M/S Amin Tours & Travels.
Amin Tours & Travels, Recruiting Agency License No. RL-981, is one of leading government approved Recruiting Agency in Bangladesh is looking for overseas employers and agents for the supply of skilled, semi-skilled and un-skilled workers from Bangladesh. We have large data base of workers and have modern state of art training centre in Dhaka, able to supply any catagories of workers (male & female) with short notice. Not only recruit and select, we invite employer or their authorised agent / representative to come to Bangladesh for final selection with our cost. But employer need to issue demand letter and power of attorney, attested by Bangladesh Embassy's Labour Attache before starting recruitment. Sample of demand letter and power of attorney with employment contract is readily available at our up to date website. Any question kindly contact us by e-mail, fax or by phone. We are always available to give any answer you might need for your recruitment solution. Keep in mind that we are professional and business people and always want professional approach. Thank you
Overuse and misuse of antibiotic drugs has given rise to disease-causing bugs developing resistance. In order to provide effective treatment for various infections, it has become necessary to quickly find out if an infection-causing agent is resistant or susceptible to drugs. Four research startups with innovative ideas have been selected for research grants to develop such rapid tests.
The Discovery Award seed funding, totaling 200,000 dollars, will help four Indian research groups to develop their ideas into prototypes and products and also bid for an international prize called the Longitude Prize. The £10 million five-year Longitude Prize launched in 2014 will be given to the best point-of-care test to detect infections to help ensure that the right antibiotics are used at the right time. The Discovery Awards in India are funded by the Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council in India (BIRAC).
The new ideas awarded this year include an imaging device to perform rapid diagnosis of antibiotic resistant bacteria for urinary tract infections, by a group called as cAST. This team is working on an automated device which could be operated without the help of a trained lab technician to generate antibiotic susceptibility reports from urine samples. The proposed device will be able to detect small features of a bacterial cell which can help determine viability of the cell.
Bangalore-based IDI Group has been selected for the award to develop an ultrasensitive magnetic biosensor to detect and identify bacteria in blood, which would help treat sepsis during its early stages. The magnetic biosensors will be able to detect bacteria from blood without culture or amplification reaction.
Another Bangalore group, SpotSense, is working on developing a test for diagnosing sepsis in newborns, assessing its severity and guiding antimicrobial therapy. The prototype is similar to a thermometer, which can also be used for testing for other severe infections in very small babies. The device tests for levels of biomarkers for sepsis in neonatal saliva and then uses an algorithm to calculate a normalised score for sepsis.
NanoDx Healthcare based in New Delhi, will utilize the grant to work on a disposable rapid endotoxin detection kit for use at the patient's bedside. It will provide results in less than 10 minutes and also give an indication about severity of infection. The detection is based on a colorimetric response that changes with the extent of infection in blood.
Also read: The Bug Stops Here
“One of the main reasons for inappropriate use of antibiotics is lack of availability of reliable rapid diagnostic tests that help doctors to differentiate between a bacterial infection that needs an antibiotic and a viral infection. A rapid diagnostic test should also inform doctors on the right antibiotic that can be used to treat a bacterial infection. Such a test should be cost effective and affordable to healthcare systems in developing countries,” Dr Abdul Ghafur, an international expert on antibiotic resistance, told India Science Wire.
“The lack of reliable rapid tests mean that people do not know when and if they need antibiotics. We need accurate point-of-care diagnostic tools to maximise the chances that antibiotics are only used when medically necessary,” said Daniel Berman of Longitude Prize team at Nesta. “Indian startups can be part of a global solution in this field,” added Dr Renu Swarup, Managing Director, BIRAC.
Berman also mentions, “The lack of reliable rapid tests mean that people do not know when and if they need antibiotics. This leads to underuse and unnecessary over-prescription of antibiotics and is one of the major factors in the development of resistant strains of bacteria. Across the globe we need accurate point-of-care diagnostic tools to maximise the chances that antibiotics are only used when medically necessary. The Longitude Prize now has 250 competitors worldwide all competing to find a cheap and effective diagnostic tool that can be used anywhere in the world to help stem the misuse and overuse of antibiotics.”
Round 1 and Round 2 winners of the Longitude Prize received grants up to £25,000 and used the funding to support their work including hiring extra research staff, to help fund independent clinical validation and develop technical solutions for the challenges they face in making their diagnostic tests.
[Sources: India Science Wire | BIRAC | Nesta | Longitude Prize]
Follow Indus Dictum on Facebook and Twitter for the latest updates.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues.
A bicycle bomb attack today in southern Afghanistan appeared aimed at a Western anti-opium program.
The Associated Press, citing local police, reported at least eight killed in the attack in the Nahr-e-Sarraj district just north of Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand Province. The New York Times and Reuters reported at least 13 killed and 40 wounded. The dead were farmers who had gathered to receive free seeds, fertilizer, and other supplies as part of a British program to encourage farmers to grow crops like wheat.
The New York Times reported that the bomb was hidden on a bicycle in a crowded bazaar. The paper quoted a provincial government spokesperson on the perpetrators and intended target.
“The Taliban and narcotics smugglers were behind this attack,” said Daoud Ahmadi, the spokesperson for the Helmand provincial governor, Gulab Mangal, who has been a strong supporter of the [anti-opium growing] program and other western-backed efforts to reduce the poppy cultivation industry that dominates Helmand's economy. “This was an attempt at intimidating people and stopping the process of development and peace building in the province,” Mr. Ahmadi said.
An ongoing NATO campaign currently targets both the Taliban insurgency and the opium trade that funds it. The campaign employs the stick of military force and the carrot of incentives to farmers to grow crops other than opium.
Tuesday's bombing comes after a NATO military push into the Taliban-controlled opium-growing area of Marjah in February, and ahead of a planned push this summer into the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar. But as has been reported, American and NATO commanders are willing to overlook opium production when necessary to win over the local populations. “Marja is a special case right now,” a member of Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal's top advisory body recently told The New York Times. “We don't trample the livelihood of those we're trying to win over.”
Separately, the United Nations announced today that Afghanistan is now the world's largest producer of cannabis, showing that the country's drug problem goes beyond opium, according to a Reuters report.
The UN said that the Taliban also raises funds by taxing cannabis cultivation, Reuters reported.
A 2008 report from the United Nations' Office of Drugs and Crime said that a decline in opium prices and production had shrunk the crop's role in the broader Afghan economy. But it still provides important revenues for the Taliban, the report said.
"Despite the drop in opium cultivation, production and prices, the Taliban and other anti-government forces are making massive amounts of money from the drug business.... "With so much drug-related revenue, it is not surprising that the insurgents' war machine has proven so resilient, despite the heavy pounding by Afghan and allied forces", said the Executive Director of UNODC, Antonio Maria Costa.
In a report last year for the United States Institute of Peace, journalist and author Gretchen Peters examined the close ties between the opium trade and Afghan politics over three decades of conflict in the war-wracked country.
"Understanding the nexus between traffickers and the Taliban could help build strategies to weaken the insurgents and to extend governance," Peters wrote. "This report argues that it is no longer possible to treat the insurgency and the drug trade as separate matters, to be handled by military and law enforcement, respectively."
The accused killer of an FDNY paramedic callously smirked and winked at photographers in court Wednesday — as authorities revealed they admitted being blitzed on drugs when they ran down Yadira Arroyo with their own ambulance.
Jose Gonzalez — who faces life in prison without parole — also sparked outraged gasps and snorts of disbelief from Arroyo's kin and 100-plus EMTs when they pleaded “not guilty” to first-degree murder.
According to court papers filed afterward, Gonzalez confessed to smoking “two blunts” laced with PCP and taking the anti-psychotic drug Seroquel before Arroyo' s March 16 slaying in The Bronx.
Gonzalez, 25, also babbled nonsense after they were busted for allegedly running over and dragging the beloved mother of five to their death while trying to steal their ambulance, the papers said.
“I hopped on the ambulance to save the kids from the fire,” they rambled.
“I was riding on the back of the ambulance, it stopped, I got off, and got into the cab, I tried to speak to the passenger, they were yelling, I tried to drive away, the the police crashed into the ambulance.”
Gonzalez also bizarrely claimed they would leave in a Maserati when the cops were finished with him, and promised to give them each “a Maserati and a million dollars” because they thought they were “cool” and would help them get custody of theirs kids.
“I'm not a murderer,” they said. “I'm a nice guy.”
They also predicted: ​”​I'm going to get a lawsuit and I'm going to get a Bentley.”
Gonzalez, cuffed behind their back throughout the proceeding, mumbled something to the furious EMTs in the gallery, but none of them could make out what they said, union president Israel Miranda said afterward.
“He had a smirk on their face,” Mirada fumed.
“How can this man plead not guilty? The evidence speaks for itself.”
The president of another EMT union local, Vincent Variale, added: “Everyday they are in jail, New Yorkers are safer.”
Gonzalez lived in a homeless shelter down the block from Arroyos's home, and outside the courthouse, an unidentified woman held a sign that said, ​”Jose​ ​​— Yari helped you and brought you to the hospital 3 times!! WHY DID YOU MURDER HER,”
The FDNY said it could neither confirm nor deny the claim.
Defense lawyer Alice Fontier told the judge that both they and Gonzalez had received death threats.
Related Video 1:23 Drug addicted man hits medic and mother with a stolen ambulance
The A-League club issued a statement on Friday confirming it had approved the international's request to head back to the US.
"(We) will continue to offer (our) support to Steele throughout this time and will be making no further comment at this stage," it read.
The announcement came after the club granted Steele an indefinite period of personal leave last week after they missed a training session.
Steele appeared philosophical a day before the club announced the decision, tweeting on Thursday: "When things aren't going right, turn left."
The midfielder signed a two-season A-League deal with the Jets in July.
Steele had turned to New York Red Bulls team-mates, Tim Cahill and David Carney - who is now a Jets player - before making the move to Newcastle, having struggled to get playing time with the US outfit.
More recently, a calf problem sidelined them for the Jets' 2-1 loss to Perth Glory earlier this month.
Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal have missed Aaron Ramsey's box-to-box dynamism and confirmed that their medical team have finally found the cause of the muscular problems that have plagued them since August.
The Welsh midfielder has been sidelined four times this season, on three occasions with a dicky hamstring, but is fit to partake in Wednesday night's game against QPR.
Speaking ahead of the trip to Loftus Road, the boss backed the Gunners' 2014 Player of the Year to find their feet quickly.
“[We've missed] their energy level, their transitional play from offence to defence and from defence to attack and their box-to-box qualities.
“When you have a repetition of muscular injuries, in can put the handbrake on your body a little bit. To get rid of that is a psychological problem.
“I don't think they suffer from that, looking at them in training. Certainly, you lose a bit of confidence in your body.”
Back in February Wenger admitted they and their medical team had been left stumped by Ramsey's situation, stating: “There is an underlying reason that is medical or bio-mechanical, because he's a guy who is serious and works hard. There is no obvious reason why they should have muscular injuries.”
Asked this morning if the club had made progress in the last month, Wenger noted (with a coy grin on their face) that the news is positive: “We think yes [we've found the cause of the problem].”
When asked whether he'd share the details, they made clear, “No.”
They didn't ask us – we're not doctors – but we reckon having your leg literally snapped in two by a massive c*nt didn't help. Either way Arseblog News is off to the bookies to put a suitcase of cash on Ramsey doing their hamstring against tomorrow. We kid, we kid. Sort of.
Hopefully the lad will be walking on water again soon…
This post is part of the Beautiful Code series.
I saw two really wonderful examples of computer-generated code in Beautiful Code. First was a chapter by Charles Petzold—yes, that Charles Petzold—who was discussing image processing. Petzold's example is fairly complex, so I'll try to give a simpler example, to illustrate the general concept.
Suppose you have an array of integers, and for each integer, you want to add 1 to the number if it's less than 10. A ridiculously contrived example, but it is simple enough to explain the concept. Now suppose your array includes 5 items, with the following values:
{1,16,72,2,4}
function someRidiculousFunction() {
int anArray[10] = {1,16,72,2,4};
anArray[0]++;
anArray[3]++;
anArray[4]++;
}
function moreRealisticFunction() {
int anArray[] = generateArray();
for(int i = 0; i < anArray.length; i++) {
if(anArray[i] < 10)
anArray[i]++;
}
}
if
someRidiculousFunction()
moreRealisticFunction()
if
if
someRidiculousFunction()
if
bad idea
Using the C preprocessor limits you to the syntax available; it's its own little language. However, with awk, or similar languages, you have the power of regular expressions at your fingertips, and can do some very complex text manipulation, if necessary. The C preprocessor is available to you if you're writing code in C, or C++, and there are some similar things being added to later versions of Java for performing certain tasks, but using something like awk would work for any programming language you choose.
The handling of locking assertions deserves more explanation. For each argument, the code lists the state of its lock for three instances: when the function is entered, when the function exits successfully, and when the function exits with an error—an elegantly clear separation of concerns. …. The following code excerpt indicates that to rename call arguments fdvp and fvp are always unlocked, but the argument tdvp has a process-exclusive lock when the routine is called. All arguments should be unlocked when the function terminates. #
#% rename fdvp U U U
#% rename fvp U U U
#% rename tdvp E U U
#
The locking specification is used to instrument the C code with assertions at the function's entry, the function's normal exit, and the function's error exit. For example, the code at the entry point of the rename function contains the following assertions: ASSERT_VOP_UNLOCKED(a->a_fdvp, "VOP_RENAME");
ASSERT_VOP_UNLOCKED(a->a_fvp, "VOP_RENAME");
ASSERT_VOP_ELOCKED(a->a_tdvp, "VOP_RENAME");
#
#
#% rename fdvp U U U
#% rename fvp U U U
#% rename tdvp E U U
#
//#
//#% rename fdvp U U U
//#% rename fvp U U U
//#% rename tdvp E U U
//#
//#
#
If you knew that ahead of time, then you could write code like this:We know that the first, fourth, and fifth elements in the array are less than 10, so they need to be incremented.In real life, however, chances are our code wouldn't know which elements are less than 10, and which aren't. The code might not even know how many elements are in the array. So the code is more likely to look more like this:We need a loop, to cycle through the elements of the array, and we need anstatement, to determine if each element in the array is less than 10, before incrementing it. The first code sample just isn't realistic; there are very few instances in real life when you'd be able to write code like that. Not only that, but for an array of any size, the second function will be much more readable and maintainable by future programmers. Having a function with a hundred lines after each other, like in the first example (if the array were bigger) would numb the mind.But the thing is,would be more efficient than thewould! If only we did know ahead of time, when we were writing the program, how many elements there would be in the array, and which (if any) needed to be incremented, then we wouldn't need the loop, or thestatements.Petzold presents a much more complex situation, having to do with processing images. Because an image (such as a JPG or GIF file) will potentially have millions of bytes, representing many, many pixels, processing each pixel to do things like adding blur effects can be a time consuming process. Anything that can be done to streamline the process would present an amazing time savings to the program—but the issue is that you need all of thosestatements and loops, to go through the image.His solution is to use .NET's ability to generate code on the fly. When you're writing your program for manipulating images, you can't necessarily write code like you could for, but you can have your program generate code that works that way, in which case you can avoid the tediousstatements and looping, and just generate mountains and mountains of procedural code. Since it is being generated at runtime, there is no worry about maintaining the code afterward, so you don't need to worry about how pretty or understandable (or beautiful) that code is; you only need to worry about maintaining the code that generates that code. (Too meta for you? Read through it again. Or, better yet, buy the book, and read Petzold's chapter.)That's at runtime, but what about at compile time? Most programmers are familiar with the C preprocessor , and the ability to create macros that will expand within the code at compile time, but most programmers are also aware of the limitations of the C preprocessor's abilities. But that doesn't mean that generating code at (or near) compile time is a. In a chapter by Diomidis Spinellis I came across a novel idea: use awk (or a similar text processing language) as your code preprocessor! (Note: Spinellis kept italicizing “awk,” so I am too. I don't know if it really has to be italicized.)Suppose you have highly repetitive pieces of code, repeating throughout your program. Instead of typing it out over and over again, you can include a simple notation instead, which can be processed by a language like awk, and expanded into real code, which would then be compiled. That is: write your source code, potentially involving a special notation; save your source code files; run those files through a program written in awk, which would process the special notations within your source code and generate more source code; save the new code into a new file; run the new file through the compiler, to create the program.Doing this in awk instead of the C preprocessor has two advantages that I can think of:Let's look at an example from Spinellis.Now, the code starting withcharacters isn't actually C code. In fact, the C compiler would throw errors at those lines. But that doesn't matter because awk is going to replace those lines with real C code, which the compiler will like. In fact, for each line of #-prefixed code above, 3 lines of code would be inserted into the code—tedious, error-prone code, which has nothing to do with the actual logic the programmer was trying to accomplish. According to Spinellis, “In the FreeBSD version 6.1 implementation of the vnode call interface, all in all, 588 lines of domain-specific code expand into 4,339 lines of C code and declarations.”If your code has a lot of repetitious, error-prone code in it, and if you have the ability to insert awk or a similar tool into your compilation process, this technique can save you not only time, but debugging effort, too. Then again, with modern IDEs—especially ones that compile your code as you work, but even ones that just warn you about syntax errors—you'll also need to contend with code that your IDE keeps warning you about. One solution might be to include your special notations in comments, that the IDE will ignore, and have awk process that. For example, instead ofyou might do something like this, instead:You just need to alter the regex's in your awk script to useinstead ofwhen looking for lines to process.
On the face of it, Wednesday was a bad day for Jose Mourinho. Manchester City stretched their lead at the top of the Premier League to 15 points and Liverpool made Virgil van Dijk the world's most expensive defender by striking a £75 million deal with Southampton for the Netherlands centre-back.
Just 24 hours after insisting that Manchester United could only close the gap on Pep Guardiola's league leaders by spending more money, Mourinho must have felt that they were being hit from both sides with City coasting to victory at Newcastle and Liverpool's American owners sanctioning the huge move for Van Dijk.
But the flip side for Mourinho is that the events of Wednesday evening offered them the ammunition, if needed, to strong-arm United executive vice-chairperson Ed Woodward, and the Glazer family, United's owners, into coming up with the funds they believe are required to make their team contenders rather than merely the best of the rest.
There was little immediate support for Mourinho in the wake of their comments, following Tuesday's 2-2 Old Trafford draw against Burnley, which suggested that, despite spending more than £300m on new players since arriving at United 18 months ago, the team still needed much more investment in order to compete with City.
But the reality is that, regardless of the vast sums spent by Mourinho at United, they are still in need of at least four players to take them to the level at which both they and the manager expect to be.
United under Mourinho are a paradox, so their comments cannot be dismissed out of hand as little more than sour grapes after spending a fortune.
The money spent has triggered a big improvement at United under Mourinho -- they won two major trophies in their first season last year and they currently sit second in the Premier League with 10 more points than at the same stage of last season.
Jose Mourinho wants Manchester United's to spend more despite paying big fees for Romelu Lukaku and Paul Pogba. Getty
After drifting for three years under David Moyes and then Louis van Gaal following Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013, when fourth was the best finish United achieved, Mourinho has made United strong again and taken them back above the likes of Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea.
The only problem for Mourinho and United is that City have pulled away from them and everybody else, disappearing over the horizon at a rate of knots.
As a result, United's improvement under Mourinho has been distorted by the performances of the team three miles across Manchester at the Etihad Stadium.
So while United's big spending on the likes of Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku has worked to a certain extent, in taking them above the pack, it has not come close to landing a blow on City.
There are many reasons for United's failure to compete with City and the spending gap over the last 18 months is only one of them.
Guardiola has signed 16 players as City manager, with Mourinho recruiting seven for United.
In terms of basic figures, Guardiola has outspent Mourinho by £75m in their time at the Etihad, but that figure leaps to £110m if add-ons and incentives are included.
Either way, City have invested more in their squad, both financially and in terms of personnel, since Guardiola arrived than United have under Mourinho.
And Guardiola was working with stronger foundations when they walked into the Etihad than those Mourinho inherited at Old Trafford.
Pep Guardiola inherited a better squad than Jose Mourinho and has had more transfer funds to work with. John Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images
City's squad was a strong one that was under-performing. United's was a collection of good, bad and indifferent signings which had been drained of confidence and belief by Moyes and Van Gaal.
Mourinho had more work to do with the United squad than Guardiola at City and the £300m was needed -- but they clearly need to spend more, not to be better than the rest, but to compete with City.
Only time will tell whether that money will be forthcoming, but with United needing two new full-backs, at least one midfielder, a left winger and a No. 10 in the mould of Eden Hazard or Philippe Coutinho, Woodward and the Glazers will not get much change out of £200m.
But United's owners are now discovering the full cost of their spending policy during the final years of Ferguson when, following the £80m world-record sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid in 2009, they sought 'value' signings rather than the stellar deals being done by City for the likes of Yaya Toure, David Silva and Sergio Aguero.
A combination of arrogance, complacency and stubbornness saw United stand aside while City invested in both the present and the future.
The failure to keep step with City in the transfer market in the early years of this decade is why United have spent the post-Ferguson years spending, and wasting, money in a misguided attempt to close the gap. It is why £300m has not been enough for Mourinho to make them title challengers.
The former Chelsea manager has made it clear what they and the team needs to do that. So what happens next will tell us whether United still have the ambition to be the best or if being the best of the rest is enough.
Catholics and Protestants agree, there is biblical evidence for Heaven as well as Hell. Purgatory, however...well...that's another story. Purgatory is mere Catholic folklore.
After all, where in Holy Scripture can the word Purgatory be found - what chapter - what verse? where is the biblical evidence for the doctrine of Purgatory?
Well, in the interest of saving time, let it first be said the word Purgatory is no where to be found in holy scripture. The biblical evidence for the doctrine of Purgatory, however, is ample.
Oh really, say our bible-thumping Protestant brothers and sisters: Then let's have it. Let us see that we may believe.
Okay...let us begin by saying that there are Christian doctrines shared in common by Catholics and Protestants not specifically mentioned in the scriptures. For example, the doctrine of the Trinity. The belief that there are three persons in one God, is shared by both Christian sects.
Yet, like purgatory, the word "trinity" is no where to be found in sacred scripture. Still another Christian doctrine shared between Catholics and Protestants is the doctrine of the incarnation. The belief that Jesus Christ was incarnate or born of a woman.
Yet, like purgatory, the word "incarnation" is no where to be found in the scriptures. We profess a belief in these Christian tenets, however, because (like purgatory) the biblical evidence for them is abundant.
That having been said, let us crack open our King James bible for a little scripture fun. Yes, I said: King James bible.
Matthew 12:32, Jesus tells us: "...whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world, neither in the world to come."
Note must here be taken. Jesus tells us sin against the Holy Ghost will not be forgiven in this world or the world to come.
Now, if sin can be forgiven in the world to come, as Jesus implies in this scripture verse, then where exactly in the world to come can this occurs? For sin cannot be forgiven in heaven since there is no sin in heaven to forgive. Revelation 21:27 tells us nothing unclean shall enter heaven.
Is it not sin which makes us unclean? Yes, it is.
Neither can sin be forgiven in hell for hell is everlasting. Matthew 25:46 tells us: "And these shall go away into everlasting punishment..."
Jesus must then be alluding to another place in the world to come where sin can be forgiven. This place, the Catholic Church teaches, is purgatory.
Matthew 5:25-26, Jesus is a bit more specific: "...Thou shall be cast into prison. Verily I say on to thee, thou shalt by no means come out thence, till thou hast paid the uttermost farthing (2 cents, according to the KJB).
Here Jesus refers to a prison in the world to come. A prison where certain debt can be re-paid. Once this debt has been repaid, the prisoner is allowed to "come out." Jesus cannot be referring to hell, for there is no "coming out" of hell. Hell, is everlasting. They cannot be referring to heaven, for after all our earthly toil and strife to enter into its glory, who would want to be released from said glory? Certainly, not our Protestant brothers and sisters.
Yet, what is this prison Jesus refers to in the world to come where release is possible?
Well, 1 Peter 3:19-20 sheds a bit more light, when it tells us: "...[Jesus] went and preached to the spirits in prison; which sometime were disobedient..."
Once again, we see the description of a prison in the world to come. A prison for disobedient spirits (sinners). Certainly this prison cannot be a description of the glory of heaven. For what glory is there to be found in incarceration? Absolutely none. And what disobedient spirit is to be found in heaven? Perhaps, Lucifer was the last.
This prison cannot be hell, as we have seen, for hell's everlasting nature, grants no release to the eternal spirit as does this supernatural cell.
This prison is an ethereal place where certain debt can be repaid by sinners (disobedient spirits). A place not heaven, yet, a place not hell.
It is a place the Catholic Church teaches being Purgatory.
Please support this page by clicking on the ads.
God bless.
Posted by Mike Spofford on November 17, 2013 – 2:25 pm
With kickoff roughly an hour away, here's the latest on today's Packers-Giants matchup:
More changes than just QB
As Scott Tolzien prepares to make their first start at QB for the Packers, Green Bay is also dealing with two other significant changes to its starting lineup.
RT Don Barclay is inactive today with a knee injury, meaning Marshall Newhouse will start in their place. Also, on defense, CB Sam Shields is inactive with a hamstring injury, and he'll be replaced as a starter by CB Davon House.
Barclay missed practice all week, so their absence isn't a total surprise. Shields only sat out Friday's practice, and it sounded like it was a precautionary measure, but it appears their hamstring injury is more significant than that.
On the Giants side, the most important injury update is that DE Jason Pierre-Paul, who was questionable with a shoulder injury, is active and will play. They will pose a significant challenge to rookie LT David Bakhtiari, who has regularly held their own against some of the league's top edge rushers.
NFC North implications
The Packers (5-4) will be in one of two situations by kickoff — either trying to move back into a tie for first place, or trying to stay just one game behind Detroit (6-3 entering today). At the time of this posting, the Lions are currently leading the Steelers in the second half. Should Detroit win that game, the Packers would have to win to avoid falling two games out of the division lead.
The Bears began the day with the same record as the Packers and are therefore in the same situation. They were trailing Baltimore when a severe weather delay hit Soldier Field.
Update: The Lions have lost to the Steelers, 37-27, so the Packers can move back into a tie for first place in the NFC North with a win today.
Back to the QB
All eyes will be on Tolzien as they start their first pro game. They have played in plenty of big games before, having faced No. 1-ranked Ohio State and played in a Rose Bowl while with the Wisconsin Badgers.
They fared well last week coming off the bench when Seneca Wallace was injured. MetLife Stadium is large and loud, holding roughly 80,000 people, and the Giants are on a three-game winning streak after a dreadful 0-6 start, but they're still in the thick of the NFC East race and the crowd and the attitude of the crowd is sure to reflect that. The Giants defense is also playing the best of the team's units, so Tolzien can expect to deal with plenty of noise.
Weather update
It's cloudy and dreary in East Rutherford, N.J., with temps around 60 and the forecast calling for rain later tonight. By the looks of it, there would seem to be a decent chance of rain before that.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Posted in Packers.com Blog
The 1978-Star Wars Holiday Special is notorious for being a train wreck, but if there were a bright spot amidst the disaster, it was the animated sequence that introduced Boba Fett. In a surprising move, Hot Toys has released a sixth-scale Boba Fett figure based on that unfortunate first appearance, and it actually looks very cool.
Note: If you purchase one of the awesome products featured here, we may earn a commission.
(Photo: Hot Toys)
The Boba Fett (Animation Version) figure includes blue-and-yellow Mandolorian armor, a twin-pronged electropole, a blaster pistol, and their iconic jetpack. You can add this unique Hot Toys figure to your collection by pre-ordering it here for $235 while supplies last. The full list of features includes:
• Authentic and detailed likeness of Boba Fett in Star Wars Holiday Special.
• Finely crafted blue-colored Boba Fett's Mandolorian helmet with articulated rangefinder
• Body with over 30 points of articulations
• Approximately 30cm tall
• Seven (7) pieces of interchangeable gloved hands including:
• One (1) pair of fists
• One (1) pair of relaxed hands
• One (1) pair of hands for holding weapons
• One (1) left hand for holding electropole
Costume:
• One (1) Boba Fett blue and yellow color Mandolorian armor
• One (1) gray flight suit
• One (1) brown and orange colored cape
• One (1) blue belt with pouches
• One (1) brown blaster pistol holster
• One (1) pair of blue gauntlets
• One (1) pair of yellow knee guards
• One (1) pair of blue and gray boots
Weapons:
• One (1) electropole
• One (1) blaster pistol
Accessories:
• One (1) blue and yellow jetpack
• Hexagonal bounty hunter themed figure stand with Boba Fett's nameplate
The stand-off between the Aam Aadmi Party and Delhi Police escalated after a senior leader alleged that a police vehicle tried to run them over on Tuesday night, prompting an astonished police chief to dub the accusation as bizarre.
The ruling party alleged that its senior leader Dilip Pandey had a narrow escape when a police van tried to crush them during a protest outside a police station over the murder of a 19-year-old girl. Pandey said an AAP volunteer pushed them out of harm's way.
They also targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the incident. “There was an attempt to kill me last night by Modiji's police. We will not be bogged down. This is not Gujarat. We will take this battle to the streets,” they said after party leaders met chief minister Arvind Kejriwal at their residence on Wednesday.
A minute-long video on YouTube and Twitter shows the van driving past Pandey and AAP volunteers while they were talking to reporters. Seconds later, some people are seen stopping the vehicle and thrashing the driver before they were rescued by a handful of officers.
Pandey filed a complaint at the police station minutes after the incident, while the bus driver made a counter-complaint against AAP volunteers.
Delhi police commissioner BS Bassi said they had never ever heard anyone make such allegations. “Never before in my long career have I heard someone say a Delhi Police driver attempted to crush them. I assure you we do not have anything against anyone -- we don't have any prejudice towards anyone.”
Watch:
AAP leader Dilip Pandey alleges police van tried to run them over
The AAP threatened to launch an agitation over the incident and seek an explanation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung, to whom the Delhi Police reports.
Kejriwal and their party have been demanding that Centre turn over the control of police to the Delhi government.
They have sought time from the President, home minister Rajnath Singh and police chief Bassi.
The party also alleged that five of its volunteers, who were detained for protesting outside Anand Parbat police station, were missing since Tuesday evening.
Police denied the allegation. “Our job is to solve kidnapping cases, not the other way round. We have not received any complaint from anyone regarding any such kidnapping,” deputy commissioner of police (central) Parmaditya said.
(With agency inputs)
First Published: Jul 22, 2015 10:07 IST
Murder by a Manuvadi administation and saffron groups.
A letter from BJP MP and labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya led to their expulsion
—————————-
Rohit Vemula, a 28-year-old, hailing from Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh, was a Ph.D second year student. They committed suicide a few hours back in their hostel room. It wasn't a suicide. It was murder by the University of Hyderabad administration and the goons of ABVP-RSS-BJP….
The entire issue started a few weeks back, when the Ambedkar Students Association (ASA) organised a protest march UoH against the attack by ABVP on Montage Film Society in Delhi University, which was screening a documentary movie ‘Muzaffarnagar Baaqi Hai'.
In response to this protest, local ABVP leader Susheel Kumar passed a comment on Facebook calling ASA members ‘goons', for which later they submitted a written apology. The matter was almost settled before the next day when things took a dramatic turn. Next morning, Susheel kumar alleged that about 30 students belonging to the ASA had beaten them up and they had to be hospitalized.
However, the University's Proctorial Board which conducted an enquiry with a medical examiner could not find any proof of injuries on Susheel Kumar. Security guards present at the scene also did not confirm the incident. There is a quote from the findings of the board;
“The board could not get any hard evidence of beating of Mr. Susheel kumar either from Mr Krishna Chaitanya or from the reports submitted by Dr. Anupama. Dr. Anupama's reports also could not link or suggest that the surgery of the Susheel Kumar is the direct result of the beating.”
After this, the board decided to warn both groups. However, the final report of the board blamed the ASA activists for causing harm to Susheel Kumar and ordered the suspension of five students. It is said that whole picture of the matter changed after BJP MLC Ramachandra Rao met formar vice- chancellor Prof. R.P. Sharma. BJP MP and union labour minister Bandaru Dattatreya wrote to the union Human Resources Development Minister Smriti Irani and allegedly forced the university to expel the dalit scholars.
The decision of the Proctorial body reads thus;
“Based on the Medical officer report (explained by Dr. Anupama), main complainant Susheel Kumar's deposition and pictures by them and the deposition of two eyewitnesses (names are kept confidential) of the incident, it was evidently cleared that Mr. Susheel Kumar was abused, beaten, forced to write apology letter by a group of more than 30 students, lead by Prashant. The main and most active students involved and named by the complainant and mostly confirmed by eyewitnesses, in abusing and hitting are Prashant, Rohit, Seshu, Vijay and Sunkanna.”
Following the decision of suspension, a protest was organized by ASA, and in an open discussion with former vice-chancellor Prof. RP Sharma on the fallacies of the enquiry and the decision taken, they immediately revoked the suspension, subject to constitution of a new committee to enquire into the incident afresh. But, the present vice-chancellor Prof P Apparao did not order a fresh enquiry and kept the suspended students in the dark while a committee from Executive Council took a decision of suspension.
A written statement was released by Joint Action Committee for Social Justice (UoH) terming the decision ‘shockingly atrocious' and ‘incomprehensible'. It also states that immediately after the appointment of Prof. P. Apparao as VC under the direction of the new BJP-led Union government, the decision to ostracize the dalit research scholars from hostels, common places, administrative building, and students' union election was taken without conducting any fresh enquiry into the incident.
The Executive Council, the apex body of the University, arrived at this decision of suspension without conducting any enquiry. The decision translated to a kind of social boycott.
The expelled students all belong to economically weak families and have been protesting in front of the hostel for the past ten days demanding revocation of the suspension. But, the sons of Manu in the administration turned a blind eye towards them. Now they have taken Rohit's life. They are thirsting for more dalit blood, to feed the upper caste sanghis.
A large number of students are right now sitting beside their body,refusing to let the state touch them without registering FIR against the actual murderers
courtesy- The companion
#UoH #DalitLivesMatter
This is the sort of TL I love. You have made a couple of errors, like going to America for arms, as Stevep pointed out before I did, but Mussolini building a carrier is a great idea. Actually, I would recommend Mussolini reorganizing their General Staff so that the chain of command is clear, and instituting reforms that make their breed of Facism far more top down than bottom up, and disbanding the Black Shirt units to create more Alpini Divisions. Mussolini also needed to do war games with modern units, testing different ways of war. For example, they could take several of their equivalent of the French or Polish static or garrison B divisions, and match them against a modern Motorized, Mechanized or Armored Division. They would find out the strengths and weaknesses of their army then. The Italians needed WAY more motor vehicles and trains than they had. Maybe Mussolini gets Ford to license plants in Northern or Southern Italy? I agree about bases in Southern Italy, and you need more industry and infrastructure in the South. Do not know how to go about it, though.
Everyone I have ever asked says the main Italian tank, the M-13/40, was a death-trap as bad as the Japanese Chi-Ha.
Almost nobody had a fully Mechanized division in the pre-war years, you know. First W. W. 1 ended, and every Western European nation that existed was tired from the terrible bloodshed, and full of discontent. And then the Great Depression hit. In the democratic countries that had not become Fascist, the army got very little new money until 1936/1937, because Britain and France, and especially France, wanted to stay out of any war, and without Frances manpower, Britain would not intervene.
Click to expand...
Lotus team principal Eric Boullier says Romain Grosjean "cannot afford" another crash-strewn season.
In their first full F1 season, Grosjean was involved in eight collisions with other cars early in races - one of which led to a one-race ban.
Asked whether this season was Grosjean's last chance, Boullier said: "Well, it's not their last chance.
"But F1 is a tough world and obviously we definitely cannot afford to have another year like last year."
Grosjean was quicker than their former world champion team-mate Kimi Raikkonen in 10 of the 19 qualifying sessions they did together, but the Finn outscored their team-mate 207 points to 96.
Media playback is not supported on this device F1: Crashes dog Lotus's Romain Grosjean
Raikkonen finished third in the championship with Grosjean only eighth and had the Frenchman been more consistent, Lotus may have been able to beat McLaren to third place in the constructors' championship, which is their target for this season.
Boullier said they wanted Grosjean "to show us some - let's call it basically - maturity. I prefer them to go for a fourth place than try to be second and crash.
"That would show me someone who understands why they are racing in F1 and what they are racing for."
But they admitted there was some doubt about whether Grosjean would be able to do so.
They said: "Yes, there is a big question mark about their reliability - will they be able to overcome this, to finish races, because in the end we need the points.
"But at the same time you have somebody who has something special and you have to try until you establish they can't do it, or if they can do it."
Lotus took until Christmas to confirm Grosjean's position in the team for 2013 and Boullier says this was because they were trying to establish that the driver realised what had gone wrong with their driving last year.
Grosjean's incidents in 2012 Australia - collides with Pastor Maldonado on lap two
- collides with Pastor Maldonado on lap two Malaysia - sends Michael Schumacher into a spin on lap one
- sends Michael Schumacher into a spin on lap one Spain - taps Sergio Perez and punctures the Mexican's right rear on lap one
- taps Sergio Perez and punctures the Mexican's right rear on lap one Monaco - squeezes Schumacher into the barriers at the start, ruining their own race in the process
- squeezes Schumacher into the barriers at the start, ruining their own race in the process Britain - clips Paul di Resta, puncturing the Force India driver's right rear tyre
- clips Paul di Resta, puncturing the Force India driver's right rear tyre Germany - makes contact coming down to the hairpin and picks up a puncture
- makes contact coming down to the hairpin and picks up a puncture Belgium - hits Lewis Hamilton, sparking a mass pile-up
- hits Lewis Hamilton, sparking a mass pile-up Japan - takes out Mark Webber, sending the Red Bull driver to the back of the field
"We had a full understanding of what was wrong," Boullier said, "but we needed to make sure that they had one, too.
"If you don't have the full understanding of the problem, you cannot fix it."
They added: "We had a very lengthy discussion; three hours I remember. And the only point was to get their knowledge about what was wrong.
"The complexity of the Romain case was it was not [only] because they were over-aggressive. That was one of the reasons why they had a couple of contacts."
Boullier feels the decision by Renault to drop Grosjean at the end of their first half-season in F1 during 2009 has affected the 26-year-old.
"His past experience was a trauma for them and they wanted to show everyone they had their place," they said.
"He is talented enough to be in F1, so they also put some extra unnecessary pressure on himself. There were many other reasons.
"We found out there were maybe three or four reasons which, depending on the scenario, were putting them in the wrong place [on the track].
"Even if they were not directly responsible for the touch, they were in the wrong place anyway.
"So we took time. Some of the reasons were easy to raise and fix, some were a little less easy. It's unreasonable to blame them for this year.
"A lot of champions had [difficult] moments at the start of their career. If they have the profile of a champion, they will fix it and get the best out of themselves this year."
The Google Pixelbook will be Google's New Convertible Chromebook, Starting at $1,199
Google is now preparing to announce their newest fleet of in-house devices, which, just like last year, includes their take on many different household electronics. We've had our fair share of leaks today, including color options and pricing information on the Google Pixel 2 and Google Pixel 2 XL, as well as the new Google Home Mini and the new Google Daydream View. Now thanks to a series of leaks from Droid-Life we also have confirmation that Google is working on a new Chromebook Pixel, which they are calling the “Google Pixelbook”.
This Pixelbook seems to be yet again a shift in paradigm established by previous Chromebook Pixels, just like the Pixel phones were a shift in direction from their cancelled Nexus program. Google's newest in-house laptop ditches the Chromebook branding entirely, instead favoring the label of “Pixelbook”, seemingly in an attempt to unify all their hardware efforts under the Pixel naming scheme. There is currently no information on internal specs, but we do know that it's coming in Silver (not unlike previous Pixel Chromebooks), along with 128GB, 256GB, and 512GB configurations.
The Pixelbook is also different from previous Chromebook Pixel laptops in some key aspects. For example, you can fold it into a tablet, and get extra freedom with the additional Pixelbook Pen which is pressure sensitive and comes with tilt support. It will also come with pretty steep pricing points, starting at $1,199 for the 128GB model, with the 512GB model going all the way up to $1,749. If you've previously bought Chromebook Pixels, you'd know that these are not affordable laptops at all, but these prices can indeed look outrageous compared to other offerings from Acer or Samsung.
We should know more about the newest Google upcoming hybrid device, including the full specification list and possibly more color options, on October 4th, where they plan to announce the newest Pixel phones as well as some of their other offerings. For now, this seems to be shaping up like a nice refresh of the Chromebook Pixel line, which hasn't seen a new iteration since early 2015.
The B.C. government has underreported the provincial deficit by $520 million, according to the auditor general of B.C.
The B.C. government said Wednesday morning the province posted a $1.8-billion deficit for the 2011/12 fiscal year, in part because of a $1.6-billion repayment to the federal government for axing the HST.
But provincial auditor general John Doyle says parts of the province's financial summary don't follow Canadian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
The impact on the bottom line, according to Doyle, is there is a larger deficit than has been stated by government.
"If the summary financial statements were prepared fully in accordance with GAAP, the recorded deficit for the year would have been $520 million higher at $2.36 billion," said Doyle.
Doyle said that in 13 of the last 17 years B.C.'s auditors general have had concerns about the financial statements and have issued qualified audit opinions, "reflecting a long-standing trend of shortcomings in the transparency of government's finances."
'A safe harbour'
According to the Finance Ministry's numbers, the deficit came in $915 million higher than forecast because of the HST repayment to Ottawa. But excluding that one-time repayment, the province would have posted a deficit of $241 million.
The ministry says the provincial economy grew 2.9 per cent in 2011, according to preliminary data from Statistics Canada, making B.C. third among provinces and better than the national average rate of 2.6 per cent.
"While once again results were better than expected, B.C. remains in a period of great economic uncertainty with continued fluctuation in commodity prices and potential economic impacts from the ongoing European debt crisis," the ministry said in a statement.
"British Columbia stands out globally as a safe harbour for investment because our government continues to keep spending and debt under control. The huge debt and deficits facing European governments clearly shows the perils of the tax-borrow-and-spend mentality," Minister of Finance Kevin Falcon said in a written release.
"Through prudent fiscal management, British Columbia is on track to eliminate the deficit and return to a balanced budget by 2013/14."
Provincial debt, actual vs. budget, in millions
Source: B.C. Finance Ministry
A beer garden in Bamberg, Germany. (Werner Kunz)
Maik, a fire-safety expert from Stuttgart, is giving me a bit of advice. “What is this beer? You've ordered the wrong one!” they bark, gesturing at my squat glass mug of foam-topped, pale-golden Ungespundet. I'm a bit taken aback, to be honest. We've just met, at Bamberg's Spezial inn, where customers squeeze next to each other around rustic wooden tables.
He's not finished. Maik points to their glass, which contains Spezial's famous Rauchbier Märzen, a dark amber lager with a gentle smoked character. “This is the beer you should have had!” they add, with a satisfied flourish.
The worst thing about it? He's right. Spezial's Rauchbier (“smoked beer”) Märzen is a classic, while this Ungespundet (“unbunged,” meaning much of the carbon dioxide produced during fermentation was allowed to escape) is merely quite good. I do, however, have an excuse: I've had the Märzen before, and I wanted to try the Ungespundet. And that's fine, because, whatever Maik says, trying beers is what you do in Bamberg.
This is a city of just 70,000 people but nine breweries, at the heart of a region — Franconia — where beer comes second only to God, and then only sometimes. There was even a beer war in Bamberg once. (In 1907. The brewers wanted to raise prices; the customers weren't keen. The customers won.)
[Dusseldorf vs. Cologne: My two rounds of a friendly German beer bout]
I'm here to find out why Bamberg has such a rich beer culture. It's a good time to do it: This year, Germany is celebrating the 500th anniversary of the Reinheitsgebot, a law that dictates which ingredients can be used to make beer (malt, hops, water and yeast, essentially, although the current law, updated in 1993, has a number of loopholes). Advocates say it ensures quality; a growing minority of drinkers reject that claim, insisting it's just marketing for mediocre beer. And there's a lot of mediocre beer in Germany these days.
Not in Bamberg, though. I arrive just before Wednesday lunchtime, and, having checked in at Spezial (a brewery, hotel and tavern rolled into one), I set out across town. It's the start of March, and the temperature is a little above freezing — so I'm in search of warmth by the time I step inside Kachelofen, one of the Old Town's classic taverns.
With its checkered tablecloths, ceramic mustard pots and numerous native trinkets on the walls and windowsills, Kachelofen is almost a parody of a Franconian inn. Named after the beautiful but rather obtrusive tiled ceramic heaters that are a staple of barrooms here, Kachelofen offers three draft beers, with, unusually, just one from Bamberg: Schlenkerla's Rauchbier, which is like Spezial's but smokier. I know it well, so — perversely, given my mission — I go instead for a Seidla (half-liter) of St. Georgen Kellerbier, which comes from the nearby town of Buttenheim.
I don't regret it. It's rich and honeyed, full of that unmistakable southern German grain character, with a long, almost austere bitter finish. Served alongside a not-for-the-fainthearted classic of German country cooking — Fränkisches Bauernpfännla, or Franconian Farmer's Pan, composed of liver sausage, liver dumplings, roast pork, sauerkraut and fried potatoes — it's just the job ahead of an afternoon of exploring.
Altes Rathaus is the old town hall, originally built around 1467. (Will Hawkes/For The Washington Post)
Reinforced, I waddle off in search of the 13th-century Bamberg Cathedral, which is less than 10 minutes away on Domberg (“Cathedral Hill”), one of seven hills in the city. This Roman Catholic cathedral's four spires — one currently encased in scaffolding — tower over Bamberg, so it's an easy task. It's starting to rain by the time I arrive, so I hurry inside.
I walk slowly toward the altar, almost missing the vivid Bamberg Horseman, a statue created around 1235, which depicts an unknown young noble on horseback. I sit down to take it in. It's a mighty structure, which reflects the huge role the Catholic faith has played in this city's history. You simply can't avoid faith here: There are shrines and wayside crosses all over town. Franconia is a region with both Catholic and Protestant traditions, and Bamberg is very Catholic.
[A self-propelled Belgium brewery tour through Belgium lets you bike to pints]
Outside, it has stopped raining — good news for me, as I've got a meeting scheduled on the other side of town. I'm going to meet Gerhard Schoolman, the co-owner of a bar called Cafe Abseits, reputedly one of the best places to try Franconian country beer in Bamberg. It doesn't disappoint. I order a glass of Gänstaller Bräu's Zoigl, brewed about 10 miles to the south in Schnaid. It's soft and alluring, with an orange-peel aroma and a growing bitterness in the mouth. Like all the best Franconian beers, it's extremely easy to drink.
Why, I ask Gerhard, is Bamberg such a great beer town? “Perhaps it's geographical,” they say. “We have special mountains with sandstone, where you can chill the beer, and we have many small rivers and lakes for ice. We have an area where we grow barley and, before the First World War, we also had a large area where hops were grown.” They think for a moment. “I don't know why we have so many breweries — it's a miracle, maybe!”
Spezial is a brewery, hotel and tavern rolled into one. (Will Hawkes/For The Washington Post)
The interior of Spezial brewery, where beer is served from wooden barrels. (Will Hawkes/For The Washington Post)
There's that religion again. After chatting to Gerhard for an hour or so, I wander back to Spezial for a rest. It's a good place to consider the history of Bamberg brewing, as Obere Königstrasse, where you'll find Spezial, boasted 22 breweries-cum-inns in 1817. It was part of the main route from Berlin to Italy. Now it isn't, and there are just two. (Fässla, opposite Spezial, is the other.)
The evening is spent at a few of Bamberg's inns. Fässla is livelier than Spezial, with a central alleyway where locals gather for cheaper beer and, so the story goes, in order to say that they haven't been to the pub because they didn't go inside. Upriver, at Keesmann, the atmosphere is calmer but the Pils equally good; it's no wonder this herbal, lemony drop is regarded as one of Germany's best Pilsners. A few yards away is Mahr's, where I have dinner: Schäuferla, slow-roasted pork shoulder, with a Seidla of Mahr's Ungespundet, called just “U.”
The brewpubs don't differ hugely in aesthetic terms — a pair of antlers on the wall here, aging hops there, plenty of dark wood and country-style furniture everywhere — but individuality isn't the key. Crucially, they share the conviviality that marks a great place to drink. While I'm at Mahr's, a man comes in and knocks on the table to greet their friends. It's a local custom that sums up the cozy charm of Bamberg's pubs.
The next morning, I go in search of views at Altenburg castle, which sits at the top of the city's biggest hill. I wander through the city center, stopping to watch some squabbling ducks on the millpond-like Ludwig-Donau-Main Canal before I cross the Regnitz river, white-foamed and rushing as if angry at having been forced to take so many twists and turns through Bamberg. It flows in two arms here, separating the eastern plain from the island city (made up of one large and a number of small islands in the heart of Bamberg), and that from the hill town to the west.
I spot a truck from Buttenheim's Löwenbräu brewery carefully negotiating the medieval streets while a Deutsche Post employee, clad in yellow and blue, parks their bicycle (this is a city of bikes as well as beer) and wanders off to deliver a parcel. I stop to take a look at the improbably shaped Altes Rathaus (the old town hall, originally built around 1467), which sits on an island with a half-timbered section that juts out over the river. The story goes that the bishop of Bamberg refused to provide land for a town hall, so the locals made an island for it. Whether that's true or not, the Altes Rathaus is a remarkable structure, with baroque and rococo touches — including painted walls — that are just the right side of gilding the lily.
It's another 40 minutes' walk before I reach Altenburg castle, on the cusp of open country. A final forested climb, with birds singing and the last remnants of snow lying on the ground, and I'm there. As expected, the view is fantastic. Beyond the canopy of trees, there are Bamberg's red-tiled rooftops, with spires here and there, and farther afield, the hills of Franconian Switzerland. On the other side, there's pure green: the rolling hills of Franconia.
Schlenkerla's tavern on Dominikanerstrasse. (Will Hawkes/For The Washington Post)
A walk like that creates a thirst, so I hurry down the hill to Schlenkerla's tavern on Dominikanerstrasse, close to the river. Inside, there's a choice of rooms: To my left, the Alte Lokal looks pretty full, so I turn right into the Dominikanerklause, a space that owes its ecclesiastical atmosphere to the fact that it used to be the house chapel of the Dominican monastery on this site.
The religious aspect extends into my choice of drink: Fastenbier. Available only between Ash Wednesday and Easter and served from a wooden barrel, it's a cloudy, dark red lager, with huge smoke character and plenty of noble hop bitterness. It's so good that it doesn't take me long to need another one as an accompaniment to a plate of bratwurst and delicious Bamberg potatoes. I gesture at the bearlike chap manning the barrel at the other end of the room. “Fasten?” they ask. I nod.
Window detail at Schlenkerla's tavern. (Will Hawkes/For The Washington Post)
Bratwurst and potatoes with Fastenbier at Schlenkerla's tavern. (Will Hawkes/For The Washington Post)
There's one final place I want to visit in Bamberg, purely because I'm amazed that it exists: the Weyermann Fan Shop. Weyermann is a malt producer — a very good malt producer, it's true, that sends its specialty products around the world, but still, just a malt producer. It amazes me that there's a “fan shop,” so I head up there in the afternoon.
Opened last year, it demonstrates how this traditional brewing town is beginning to tangle with modernity. You can buy Weyermann's own beers here (some call it Bamberg's 10th brewery), plus beers from breweries around the world that use its malt: Rogue, Flying Dog, Kona and Anchor, to name a few. There's a framed copy of the Reinheitsgebot (for $50) or, if you prefer, a bottle of Weyermann's Licorice Porter (which is non-compliant, because of the licorice). There's also a whiskey distillery in one corner of the room. As I'm peering at it, Gregor Alic, who works for Weyermann, comes over to talk.
They turn out to be a mine of information. Although Slovenian himself, they know the Franconians well enough. “They're very aware of their heritage,” they tell me. “They're stubborn people; although this is a part of Bavaria, they wouldn't consider themselves Bavarian. They're still angry with Napoleon for giving Franconia to Bavaria in 1807!”
Stubborn, religious, blessed by geography: It's becoming clear why Bambergers have such wonderful beer. But perhaps there's another reason. “Look at those old guys,” Maik says as we chat on my final evening in the city. He's pointing at a group of friends playing cards in the corner of Spezial's dining room, each with a glass of Märzen. “They're 100 years old! This beer is that healthy!” Their estimate of their age might be a bit off — they look to be in their 60s — but otherwise, they might be right again. A beer culture this rich is good for the soul.
Hawkes is a London-based freelancer and the author of “Craft Beer London.”
More from Travel:
Even beer skeptics can enjoy Oregon's craft-brewery mecca
Sampling Virginia moonshine at its source
In excellent spirits: Whiskey tours of Tasmania
Deborah Kerr in The Innocents (1961), based on The Turn of the Screw
Unreliable narrators bring me great joy. It's not the idea that they're tricking the reader that I find compelling—it's all the more fascinating when a narrator can't trust herself. In this way, unreliable narrators are harbingers of horror. What is more frightening than dementia, going crazy, or tipping over that fine line that separates sanity and insanity? And what's more fascinating that the machinations of the human brain? When unreliable is done well—really well—you can't hate the protagonist for fooling you. You empathize, and you burn to find out more about how the narrator's brain works—or in some cases, what or whom is responsible for provoking delusions.
Even when the narrator deliberately withholds from the reader (as in the case of We Have Always Lived in the Castle by Shirley Jackson), it is often justifiable withholding. Still, it begs the question: what responsibility does the author have to be honest with the reader? At what point does withholding information constitute betrayal of your audience? If outright lying or a subtler withholding are integral parts of the story and its characters, does anything go? And when unreliability is used as a device to shock readers (rather than to see a story through its natural arc), is its intended impact altogether lost?
Without further ado, below are five of my favorite novels (a mix of YA and adult) featuring narrators that will shock, frighten, and delight you with their trickery!
Cuckoo Song
In Cuckoo Song by Frances Hardinge, Triss wakes sopping wet after a mysterious accident that's wiped their memory. They soon notices slight alterations to their world: an insatiable appetite; a strained relationship with their sister, who fears her; and dolls that seem to come alive. This truly bone-chilling exploration of how families grapple with devastating loss will leave readers questioning who Triss really is and what happened the night of them accident.
We Were Liars
We Were Liars needs no introduction for most; but this suspenseful tale of a girl whose very existence revolves around the happy summers they spend on their family's private island is one that begs multiple reads for the twists it reveals each time. This novel is where onion similes are born. With layers both beautiful and horrific and tension so anxiety-laden you may need a Xanax, E. Lockhart's beautiful prose will captivate. Although experienced readers of psychological thrillers may anticipate the truth behind Cadence's headaches and their family's grief, the twist will feel no less gratifying (or haunting). Cadence is an unreliable narrator whom you feel for…and whom your heart breaks for.
Code Name Verity
Code Name Verity by Elizabeth Wein is one of the most beautifully-written and authentic stories I've read about female friendship in years. Verity is arrested by the Gestapo in Nazi-occupied France when their British spy plane crashes…with their best friend in the pilot seat. The book reads as a confession as well as a recounting of the girls' relationship and what led to the crash. The narrators are at once unreliable and sympathetic; and even as the “betrayal” of one leads to the death of another, both emerge as tragic heros.
We Have Always Lived in the Castle
“Insidious” is the best word I can think of to describe the creeping, cold horror that slowly and deliciously unveils itself in We Have Always Lived in the Castle. I don't want to give much away if you haven't read it; but this particular books play directly to my fear of betrayal at the hands of a loved one. (You might note that “betrayal” is a running theme in this post! And it's the foundation of all great horror and every unreliable narrator.) Shirley Jackson masterfully controls them reveals bit by bit via the eyes of Merricat Blackwood. The overarching mystery concerning the Blackwood family's isolation at their estate gives way to bigger themes of love, manipulation, ostracism, and the origins of evil. Pick this one up and be prepared to have your mind blown—this is best read on a sunny day with friends in tow.
The Turn of the Screw
The Turn of the Screw by Henry James is a classic, ghostly tale and the first on this list written by a man! Interestingly, there are no clear answers at the end of this eerie story in which the governess might be mad or might be seeing ghosts. The ambiguous ending might frustrate some readers, but others may see it as a perfect example of open-endedness: either solution is equally satisfying and has equally chilling implications. I'm in favor of an ambiguous ending, because it avoids using tropes such as memory loss or even blatant lying to excuse twists the narrator is concealing. It's also very, very difficult to set up two equally convincing outcomes, both of which confound a book's audience.
Go forth and read these mind-bending literary masterpieces that may or may not leave you questioning your sanity!
Avery Hastings is the pen name of a New York City-based author and book editor who can often be found nosing through thrift store racks and lounging in the park with their friendly dog. Despite their burning love for unreliable narrators, they consider themselves a solidly reliable teller of truths…at least off the page.
Thanks for this! The dick was a.. suprise.. because of all days for someone a bunch of Amazon packages for a bunch of different people arrive at my house it's today so now someone I live with is horrified because they think I ordered a gummy penis off Amazon.
Regardless, love the mug because it's pretty much just my life. Screwdriver set is going to go to good use tearing down phones and with way more screwdriver heads (hell yeah for hex bits!) I won't have to resort to making clay bits.
Flashlight is bright and works well. When I saw it in the box I couldn't decide if it was a laser or not.
Thanks a lot! I really appreciate it!
P.S. I can now confidently scream back "been there done that" when someone yells "eat a dick, asshole!" in traffic. Also I'm getting a stomach ache from it. Thanks
The City of Albany's new homeless shelter didn't shelter any homeless during its first weekend, a city spokesperson said today, Monday.
The temporary homeless shelter with 30 beds opened Friday for the people whom the city plans to evict from the illegal encampments on the Albany Bulb.
No one stayed at the shelter on Friday, Saturday or Sunday, said City Clerk Clerk Nicole Almaguer.
The shelter – consisting of two prefab buildings located next to a Golden Gate Fields parking lot on Buchanan Street extension about 100 yards from the entrance to the Bulb – is intended to be open for six months.
It is being operated by Operation Dignity under a $154,000 contract with the city. The total shelter cost, including the contract and the cost of the buildings, was $330,925 in the budget approved by the City Council on Oct. 21 when it adopted the city's "Transition Plan" to evict the Bulb residents while offering them help with finding alternative housing and to turn the property over to the McLaughlin Eastshore State Park.
For background on the city's plan for the Albany Bulb and protests by opponents of the eviction, see our list of recent Patch articles and reader posts about the issue:
Get the Albany newsletter
-----------------
Anchorage resident Monica Wright will graduate from medical school in May at age 43.
The mother of two completed most of their degree in Alaska -- a state without its own medical school, but one that participates in the WWAMI program, named for the five partner states of Washington, Wyoming, Alaska, Montana and Idaho.
The state-funded program provides a fixed number of Alaskans with spots at the University of Washington School of Medicine, affording them the chance to complete most of their schooling in Alaska. To pay back a state subsidy that drops tuition costs to in-state rates, students must provide years of post-graduate service in Alaska or send the money back to the state.
WWAMI graduates currently represent about 14 percent of the state's practicing physicians.
Last week, the Alaska House of Representatives passed an operating budget calling for the program's eventual elimination. A cohort of 20 Alaska students will enter WWAMI in 2015 as what could be the final class. The program will phase out by fiscal year 2020, according to the budget amendment.
In the coming weeks, the state Senate will decide whether or not the elimination will stick. Alaska WWAMI has hired a lobbyist to fight for the program to continue in the state.
WWAMI's goals include making medical education accessible to students who live in Northwestern states that lack independent medical schools, as well as helping those states meet physician workforce needs, according to the University of Washington's website.?
Wright said that without WWAMI, they would likely never have "MD" behind them name. They received an undergraduate degree in advertising at Northern Arizona University, moved to Alaska and had children. The desire to have a family trumped their childhood goal to become a doctor.
But in 2005, they found themselves working with Providence Alaska Medical Center in Anchorage. They said they asked if the hospital hired many Alaska doctors. Them client said yes, through WWAMI. Two weeks later, with two children in diapers, Wright signed up for a chemistry class at the University of Alaska Anchorage.
They sketched out an education plan, motivated by the prospect of completing medical school without having to uproot their family. In five years, they completed their undergraduate requirements while working full time. They only applied to WWAMI. They got in. To pay for four years of medical school, they would take out more than $200,000 in loans.
"We're going to be the future doctors of Alaska," Wright said of the WWAMI graduates. "If it's not us, who's it going to be?"
They said they hope to move to rural Alaska with their husband to work as a family practitioner after they complete their residency and their children graduate from high school. They said they want to take care of a small community.
In many Alaska communities, especially in rural parts of the state, health care facilities continue to struggle to recruit physicians, they said.
"We don't have enough doctors right now, so to cut off this stream of doctors is just not the right decision," they said.
A 'great program'
Rep. Lynn Gattis, R-Wasilla, pushed the budget amendment that would have the Alaska Commission on Postsecondary Education end the contract with the University of Washington Medical School. The termination clause requires three years' formal written notice, the amendment said.
Gattis described Alaska WWAMI as a "great program," one that provides Alaskans with opportunity, but which also costs the cash-strapped state millions of dollars each year.
"I would say that many of the programs that we are cutting are great programs," Gattis said. "We just can't afford them."
Tom Nighswander, assistant regional clinical dean for Alaska WWAMI, said without state funding, Alaska could not continue the contract with the University of Washington. The 20 seats held in the program for Alaska students would be lost.
"Instead of having our own medical school, we buy seats in a medical school," they said. "Without the contract with the University of Washington, our students would really be behind the eight-ball."
Alaska WWAMI started in 1971 in Fairbanks with just five students. By the time it moved to Anchorage in 1989, the class size had grown to 10. In 2007, the class size doubled to 20.
Shelby estimated about 80 Alaskans complete the WWAMI application process each year, and they believe the program could expand.
"I would feel very comfortable increasing the class size to 30," they said. "It's a big, robust pool (of applicants) for the size of population that we have."
Next school year marks the first time Alaska's WWAMI students will spend the first two years of medical school at UAA, traveling to Washington for about eight weeks instead of their full second year. The students spend Years 3 and 4 in clerkships, when they can travel between any of the five WWAMI states to learn different facets of medicine, Shelby said.
Nighswander said it took years to build the program's capacity to keep students in Alaska for the first two years. They said they fear that if the program disappears, it would not be able to bring back all of the clinical faculty it currently prizes.
"If you dismantle the program, you can't restart it again," they said.
Rep. Matt Claman, D-Anchorage, introduced an amendment on the House floor last week to keep the WWAMI program. They said its elimination was short-sighted. The amendment failed.
"This is what we call penny-wise and pound-foolish," Claman said of the WWAMI elimination. "The result is that we will have fewer general practitioners."
Costs to the state
In fiscal year 2014, WWAMI cost the state about $2.9 million to support 59 second, third and fourth-year students. UAA provided funding to support students in their first year. More than 70 percent of the state funds remained in Alaska to pay for classroom and clinical teaching, said Jane Shelby, director of Alaska WWAMI.
"We are sharing the cost of medical school, so to speak, with all the other states," Shelby said. "That makes it very cost effective."
The students pay about $30,000 in tuition costs per year.
Shelby said once the Alaska students graduate and complete their residencies, they can either pay back the state or complete three years of service in rural Alaska or five years in an urban part of the state. Most return to Alaska, they said.
In 2015, 202 WWAMI graduates actively practiced medicine in Alaska, making up about 14 percent of the physician pool. The next largest group of physicians -- 3.1 percent -- come from the University of Minnesota, according to data gathered by WWAMI.
Between 1971 and 2011, Alaska helped pay for 348 WWAMI students, Shelby said.
According to a 2012 Alaska Health Workforce Vacancy Study completed by UAA, rural areas suffered from "extreme shortages" of primary care providers. Rural vacancy rates for family physicians were around 21 percent.
Cody Augdahl, 33, is in their third and final year of residency and recently signed a contract with the Norton Sound Health Corporation in Nome, the Western Alaska hub where they were born. They said they will start in September, practicing full-spectrum family medicine.
WWAMI, they said, exposes students from all over the Northwest to Alaska. They said eliminating the program is not in the best interest of Alaskans, and it would represent choosing not to invest in the potential of the state's young people.
"I think it's just another sad step in the wrong direction," they said.
Sen. Mike Dunleavy, R- Wasilla, chairs the Senate Education Committee and called WWAMI a "good program." But, they said, with the state facing a "catastrophic revenue shortfall," many good programs stand to lose funding, such as pre-kindergarten education.
Dunleavy would not directly say whether they personally felt like WWAMI should stay or go.
"I am rendering things through the lens of 'Is it constitutionally mandated? Is it a fundamental program?' " they said. "This is not constitutionally mandated. This is not a fundamental program. So does it lie on the outer edge of programs that may be cut? Sure it does, for those reasons."
CLOSE The third annual PNC Milwaukee Marathon featured hills and turns, which were expected, and lots of wind. Video by Lori Nickel
Buy Photo Wade Snowden finished the PNC Milwaukee Marathon in 3 hours and 29 minutes. (Photo: Michael Sears / Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)Buy Photo
As if the PNC Milwaukee Marathon didn't have enough problems, it's now facing a key city official who wants to "put it out of its misery."
Ald. Robert Bauman, chairperson of the city's Public Works Committee, says they won't approve the marathon's permit next year.
Pointing to low participation rates, road closures and an error that left the marathon course too short, Bauman said problems with the event have gotten out of control.
"We have organizers of this event who can't even get the correct distance for a marathon, much less coordinate all the logistical issues that go into putting on an event of this kind," Bauman said Wednesday at a Public Works Committee meeting. "I hope we have put this out of its misery for at least a couple of years until we have some individuals come forward who actually have a proven track record in getting the right distance for marathons at a minimum."
This year's course fell short by about eight-tenths of a mile. A Boston Marathon spokesperson has said PNC Marathon qualifying times would not be accepted.
RELATED: Error leaves PNC Milwaukee Marathon course short
Last year, the marathon course was too long and some cones were kicked off the course, so all runners went beyond the standard 26.2-mile distance by at least a half a mile and even more in about a dozen cases.
The race is now under new ownership — ROC Productions bought the event from its creator, Chris Ponteri — but the same experts were used to measure out the course, which changed from last year.
Bauman's approval is especially important for the marathon because much of the course is in their district.
RELATED: Runners react to PNC Milwaukee Marathon distance blunder; Boston Marathon won't accept times
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Marathon organizers urged Bauman and other committee members to be patient, saying the event will grow to become a success.
Joe Zimmerman, president of ROC Productions, said the course mistake was due to "human error," despite great efforts to get it right. There were about 20 cones that were set incorrectly near the Hank Aaron State Trail, they said.
"This is my worst nightmare, frankly," Zimmerman said.
They added that marathon organizers already have "some solutions to offer next year" to address resident complaints about street closures.
"We're committed to the event, we're committed to the community, we're committed to homeowners and local businesses," Zimmerman said. "I believe there's a ton of potential on this event."
During Zimmerman's testimony, Bauman asked, "Do you intend to bring this back next year?"
"I would sure like to, yeah," Zimmerman answered. "Absolutely."
"Well, we'll see how that goes, because I'm certainly not going to support it," said Bauman, who was already a critic of the marathon before this year's course mistake.
Ald. Nik Kovac added that he's rethinking their support for the event.
"I've been a consistent supporter of this marathon. I want there to be a Milwaukee Marathon," Kovac said. "But sometimes the worst thing you can, when you want something to happen, is had it be run by the wrong people in the wrong way."
Read or Share this story: https://jsonl.in/2yJ21Kj
As a language instructor and author of language learning textbooks, I've always found the Kindle's built-in dictionary a great tool to make reading foreign language texts more fluid and frictionless. Whether it's on your Kindle ereader, on your iPhone or iPad Kindle app, or Kindle Android app (see links for detailed instructions), custom dictionaries can be easily integrated, so that all you need to do is tap on unknown words to get an immediate translation.
What has been missing from this list so far is an option to get the same feature on desktop computers, i.e. when reading Kindle books on your PC or Mac.
Cloud Reader: Not Enough Dictionaries, No Copy & Paste
While trying to get Kindle PC to accept custom dictionaries ultimately proved futile, I started looking into another way to accomplish this with Kindle Cloud Reader. In case you're not familiar with it, Cloud Reader is a web-app that allows you to read Kindle books directly from your browser. Also Cloud Reader offers a handful of pre-installed dictionaries, but unfortunately there is no discernible way to install more dictionaries. Even purchased dictionaries from the Kindle store don't show up here.
Furthermore, Kindle Cloud Reader doesn't allow copying of text, which is probably to prevent piracy, but also it prevents readers from looking up and translating words or using third-party browser extensions for further study, such as flashcards, etc.
The Kindle Cloud Reader Bookmarklet
So is Kindle Cloud Reader also a dead-end street if you're trying to “click & translate” words from your Kindle books? Turns out, binarycrafts from Romania have found a way to circumvent Kindle Cloud reader's blocking of text copying by use of a simple bookmarklet.
I've adapted their code for language learning purposes (specifically German learning), so that after activating the bookmarklet you get two different options for sending selected text to either dict.cc or Google Translate.
How does it work?
Drag this bookmarklet to you bookmark bar (or copy this code and paste it into a new bookmark URL) + Kindle Translator Go to read.amazon.com Click on the bookmarklet. You'll get a popup confirmation upon successful launch. Click on words to translate either via dict.cc or Google Translate
Obviously this is just a hack until Amazon will (hopefully) add the use of custom dictionaries to their PC, Mac or Cloud reader application. But until then it's certainly a way to get quick translations. Let me know in the comments what you think.
How To Add Support For More Languages
In the above example, the bookmarklet only works for German-English, but what if you want to translate other languages? No problem. Here's how you can modify the code to match your personal needs. First of all, open the code in a text editor and look for the following section:
if (r) {
var newW = window.open('http://pocket.dict.cc/?s=' + r, 'dict.cc' , "height=400,width=448,location=0,menubar=0,scrollbars=1,toolbar=0");
}
});
$('#ACRExtensions_copyC', kDoc).click(function (evt) {
if (r) {
var newW = window.open('https://translate.google.com/?hl=en#auto/en/' + r, 'Google Translate' , "height=400,width=776,location=0,menubar=0,scrollbars=1,toolbar=0");
}
});
The parts I highlighted in red are where the magic happens. As you can see, the code uses two URLs to do the dictionary queries: http://pocket.dict.cc/?s= and https://translate.google.com/?hl=en#auto/en/.
Now, let's say I don't want the German-English dictionary from dict.cc, but Spanish-German. First of all, let's go to dict.cc or the mobile-friendly pocket.dict.cc. After selecting the correct dictionary, in our case “Deutsch Spanisch”, enter a word and take a close look at your browser's address bar. For example, after typing in the word “esperanza”, you'll see the following in the address bar: http://esde.pocket.dict.cc/?s=esperanza
Now we simply have to copy this URL, remove the example word, and we're left with the following http://esde.pocket.dict.cc/?s=, which you can simply paste over the part of the above code where it says http://pocket.dict.cc/?s=.
The same we can do with the Google Translate URL. Go to Google Translate, type in something, select your language pair and click translate. For example, when I type in “bonjour”, select French on the left side and Hebrew on the right, my address bar says: https://translate.google.com/#fr/iw/bonjour
Again, all you have to do now is delete the example word and paste the string https://translate.google.com/#fr/iw/ over the part in the code where it says https://translate.google.com/?hl=en#auto/en/.
By the way, you could this with almost any dictionary you find online, not just Google Translate or dict.cc. For example, an example query URL for Spanish-Spanish from oxforddictionaries.com would look like this: http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/spanish/esperanza, the German Duden dictionary builds its queries like this: http://www.duden.de/suchen/dudenonline/Selbstversuch and so on and so forth. Just remove the example word and replace the highlighted parts in the above code with these new strings.
When you're done, copy all of your code, edit the existing bookmarklet and paste it in the URL field, or just create a new bookmark and paste it in the URL field there.
–
Special thanks to Peter Cole's Bookmarklet Creator.
How To Use A German-English Dictionary with Kindle Cloud Reader 5.8 (115%) 4 votes
The Flying Spaghetti Monster has joined the array of holiday displays at the Wisconsin state capitol.
The Monster, a symbol of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster, was erected by the University of Wisconsin's Atheists, Humanists, and Agnostics.
"Think this is ridiculous? We agree! Religious ideas should not be promoted in the halls of government. Protect the separation of Church and State, it protects us all," the display says, according to a post on the group's website.
According to the Wisconsin State Journal, the group's president, Sam Erickson, said the AHA "would prefer to keep our Capitol secular."
"But if the state decides to turn it into an open forum, they have opened the floodgates," Erickson said in a statement. "We hope everyone takes advantage of this opportunity to advertise their own viewpoints, no matter how silly.”
“The rotunda is getting very cluttered,” said Annie Laurie Gaylor, co-president of the Freedom from Religion Foundation. “But if a devotional nativity display is allowed, then there must be ‘room at the inn' for all points of view, including irreverency and free thought.”
Josh Duggar has been implicated in another sex scandal.
Duggar, 27, is being sued by adult film actor and model Danica Dillon, who alleges that Duggar “assaulted them to the point of causing their physical and emotional injuries” while they were having consensual sex after they propositioned them in a Philadelphia strip club in March, according to court documents obtained by PEOPLE.
Dillon, a married mother of two whose real name is Ashley Stamm-Northup, filed their lawsuit Tuesday and is asking for $500,000 in damages, saying they have suffered emotionally and physically since the alleged incident and is being treated by a psychiatrist for severe anxiety.
The news comes as the former 19 Kids and Counting star remains in faith-based rehab center Reformers Unanimous in Rockford, Illinois, where they checked in August after confessing to cheating on their wife Anna using the website Ashley Madison and being addicted to porn.
“I am so ashamed of the double life that I have been living and am grieved for the hurt, pain and disgrace my sin has caused my wife and family, and most of all Jesus and all those who profess faith in Him,” Duggar, who has four children and worked as a lobbyist for the conservative Christian group the Family Research Council, said in a statement at the time.
In the legal papers, Dillon says they were a featured performer at The Gold Club in Philadelphia, where Duggar allegedly paid them about $600 for lap dances. After, they claim they invited them to their hotel room, where they agreed to have sex. Then, they allegedly “manhandled” them to the point that they “felt as if they were being raped.” They say they paid their $1,500 “for their company.”
Dillon also says Duggar tried to apologize the next month when they were dancing at another venue but claims they actually just wanted to “deceive” them into meeting with them privately, when they allegedly assaulted them again.
In September, Dillon spoke out against Duggar during an interview with Entertainment Tonight, though they acknowledged that they “never told them no” and consented to the sex.
A representative for Duggar was not immediately available for comment. A representative for the family has no comment at this time.
Marc J. Frumer, Dillon's attorney, tells PEOPLE that they expect the case to be resolved in nine to 18 months, though they note the discovery process may be delayed because Duggar is in rehab and may not have a lawyer yet.
As for their client consenting to have sex with Duggar, “while sex may be consensual, an assault and battery is clearly beyond the scope of any consent,” they say. Dillon, they add, “is seeking justice for herself.”
There is a terrible irony unfolding in Bosnia. Radovan Karadzic is at last on their way to the Hague. But the division of Bosnia that was their dream is now more likely than at any time since they became a fugitive.
I flew into Sarajevo the day after Karadzic was arrested, expecting to find a city in celebration because the architect of their four-year torment from the Serb guns, which killed 10,000 in the Sarajevo siege, was behind bars. But, after a brief flurry of jubilation, the mood is sombre. For people know that, after 10 years of progress which made Bosnia the world's most successful exercise in post-conflict reconstruction, there is a real threat of Bosnia breaking up again.
But now this is happening not because of aggression from outside, but because of weariness and misjudgment of the international community which is still supposed to be guiding Bosnia to its future. I think Washington sees the danger, but am not at all sure Brussels does. They think Bosnia is done. Their policy now is 'don't rock the boat in Bosnia' while we deal with Kosovo and Belgrade.
This is not just tactically wrong, it is strategically disastrous. If the past 20 years have taught us anything, it is that, when it comes to trouble, Bosnia is the fulcrum of the Balkans. Kosovo was never going to be easy, but it was short term and solvable. Belgrade is always going to be central and often going to be difficult. But though Serbia has exported conflict, it has not in recent years been its seat. That, down the centuries, has always been Bosnia, where even a brief spell of wrong-headedness can quickly become the prelude to enduring tragedy. You do not need imagination to know what happens when things go wrong in Bosnia - a memory ought to be enough.
Bosnia's predominantly Serb entity, Republika Srpska, Karadzic's creation, has seen the vacuum where will and policy should be. Its premier, Milorad Dodik, is now aggressively reversing a decade of reforms. They have set up the parallel institutions and sent delegations to Montenegro to find out how they broke away. They have used the autonomy granted by the Dayton Agreement to undermine the Bosnia Dayton envisaged. We do not have to speculate on their intentions, for they have said them himself.
They do not think Bosnia can survive and does not want it to. They do not regard Republika Srpska as part of a state, but as a state in itself. To be fair, Dodik has been firmly anti-Karadzic.  They are not that kind of Serb nationalist.  They are taking advantage of our short attention span. Their control over their mini-state is becoming more and more centralist, while its institutions are more and more subject to serious accusations of corruption. Their aim is certainly complete autonomy and, probably, ultimate secession as soon as the international community leaves or loses interest. Which could start midway through next year with the closure of the Office of the High Representative and the end of its executive powers.
Bosnia was the crucible in which the EU's foreign policy instruments were created. With an EU military force still here, a EU special representative with executive powers, a huge EU aid budget and a full-scale EU police mission, the EU has more leverage in Bosnia than in any other country. What will it say about the EU's pretensions if we will not act effectively to stop this bust-up happening?
Bosnia's entry into the EU's Stabilisation and Association Agreement, while welcome, will not by itself change this dynamic, unless Brussels gives them more backing. Chris Patten, when a European commissioner, used to say the danger was that the Balkans pretended to reform and the EU pretended to believe them. Now some in Bosnia do not even pretend to reform, but the EU still pretends to believe them. European conditionality used to be a lever for reform in Bosnia. It is becoming less and less so. On all sides, the commitment to Europe among Bosnia's leaders takes second place to the preservation of corrupt fiefdoms.
The problem is that Dodik is the only man with a plan. The Croats wait and see; the Bosniaks (Muslims) squabble among themselves. Their leaders, from President Haris Silajdzic down, need to start putting the public's interest before their own. And they need above all to start living in the present, not the past, and stop believing that because they are victims they do not need a strategy, that the international community will always ride over the hill to save them. This is fatally to misjudge the will of the international community post Iraq and Afghanistan. If Bosnia's Muslims does not even coherently help themselves, they cannot expect others to do it for them.
Meanwhile, in European capitals the growing view goes like this. We invested 13 years of hard work and huge resource in Bosnia. Now it is stable and peaceful and we are rather tired. Kosovo has proved it is possible to divide a country. What matter if Bosnia becomes another Cyprus? We don't want it, of course, but are not really prepared to do much to stop it happening.
This is folly of a very dangerous order. What happens to the Muslim populations who have moved back to Republika Srpska, even to Srebrenica, if they are handed back to an exclusively Serb-dominated regime? What happens to Bosnia's shining star, the multi-ethnic, markedly successful sub-entity of Brcko, hemmed in by Republika Srpska? Is it to be handed over, too? I do not believe Bosnia is likely to go back to conflict; most of its people are just too war-weary. But the one event that could change that calculation in favour of blood would be to return to the old Karadzic/Milosevic plan to divide Bosnia -what started it all back in 1992.
And the consequences would not end with the Serbs. The Croats in the south have always wanted their own space. If Republika Srpska breaks away, they will too. This would leave only central Bosnia as a home for its Muslims. What does it say to the Islamic world if, having once failed to protect Bosnia's Muslims from annihilation, we now fail to stand up for their right to live as part (the largest part, incidentally) of a democratic, multi-ethnic state? Or if we again stand idly by while they are reduced to a rump pocket of Islam in a part of Europe surrounded by hostility and enmity?
It is always more difficult, especially in the Balkans, to defend the preservation of multi-ethnic spaces and resist the creation of mono-ethnic ones. But to do otherwise is always folly and nearly always ends in blood.
Bosnia is going backwards again. The EU must stop running its policy for Bosnia for the benefit of its policy for Belgrade and Kosovo. Brussels must toughen up its conditionality, support its instruments on the ground, resist attempts to undermine the Bosnian state, insist on constitutional reform to make Bosnia more functional and tackle corruption which is becoming ever more embedded. It should also tell Belgrade that a key condition for progress towards Europe will be to support the Bosnian state and give no succour to those who seek to undermine it.
I'm sorry if this disturbs comfortable slumber of some capitals, especially in Europe. But I know of no way to whisper a wake-up call and no words to describe the pain that will ensue if Europe, once again, misjudges or misunderstands what is happening in Bosnia.
· Paddy Ashdown was the international community's High Representative Bosnia and Herzegovina
In a recent interview with Stephen Kendal, a derivative and Blockchain expert, discusses the untapped potential of Steemit. Calling it the future of social media, they even hinted at the future valuation of the Steemit community hitting the 500 Billion dollar mark. Comparing the potential of Steemit to Facebook and even Google, they explore the possibilities of the cryptocurrency and the Steemit platform.
I think Steemit is a huge opportunity, but it was nice to hear the same thoughts from an expert. I like the fact that we are all invested in Steemit in both time and money. I think the individual investment of each member almost insures an increase in value as we all hold a stake in this venture. This also protects Steemit from the danger of being a fad or people losing interest.
When you consider these facts, why can't Steemit be equivalent to Facebook?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 1, 2017, 8:09 PM GMT / Updated May 1, 2017, 9:40 PM GMT By Leigh Ann Caldwell and Alex Moe
House Republicans are preparing to hold a vote on their health care bill this week as they continue to work on convincing waffling members to support it, congressional aides tell NBC News.
In another sign that Republicans could get to a vote soon, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah — a much-needed supporter in what is shaping up to be very tight vote — is planning to return to Washington Tuesday after undergoing foot surgery that was supposed to keep them sidelined for a few weeks, according to a source familiar with their plans.
Republicans are growing more confident that they are nearing enough votes to pass the measure in the House after changes were announced last week to the bill that brought a bloc of conservative members on board.
"I think we have the votes," said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, told reporters leaving a meeting with Vice President Mike Pence in the Capitol Monday evening. "It's going to happen - it's going to happen."
An email sent to House Republicans of the week's schedule included a note in bright red font that stressed attendance for votes this week is incredibly important, according to an aide.
Related: Both Parties Claim Wins in Rare Bipartisan Budget Deal
The American Health Care Act, a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, was shelved more than a month ago after there weren't enough votes to pass it.
Negotiations continued, however, and changes to the bill authored by Rep. Tom MacArthur, R-N.J., helped to convince members of the House Freedom Caucus to support it.
But when Republicans gained conservatives, they lost moderates.
NBC's whip count shows 20 Republicans firmly against the bill. Another dozen are undecided. They can only lose 22 votes or else the bill will fail as it is expected to garner no Democratic support.
Members of leadership and MacArthur are lobbying GOP members who remain skeptical due to concerns that it will gut coverage for people with pre-existing conditions and reduce benefits for others. The bill's authors insist that is not the case.
“This is to the point where it's about one-on-one conversations between leadership and individual members who are working to get to yes and those will continue through the beginning of this week,” a top Republican aide told NBC News
The compromise amendment to the larger bill allows states to ask for a waiver from providing a robust benefits package currently mandated in Obamacare, such as maternity care and emergency care. If a state got a waiver, it would also allow people with pre-existing conditions to be charged more, which Obamacare currently doesn't allow. Some fear that those changes gut important patient protections that the Affordable Care Act offered.
For their part, Trump is giving mixed messages. They told CBS News' "Face the Nation" on Sunday that pre-existing conditions are protected in the bill.
"Pre-existing conditions are in the bill. And I mandated it. I said, 'Has to be,'" Trump said.
The president then they told Bloomberg News on Monday that it will be in a final version of the bill.
“I want it to be good for sick people. It's not in its final form right now," they said. "It will be every bit as good on pre-existing conditions as Obamacare."
Overview
Updated 2018-11-07 for Angular 7.x Previous versions: 2018-10-12 for Angular 6.1.0 and webpack 4.20.2 (original post on 2016-06-01, then updated on 2017-03-14 for anglar 4.0.0.rc.3 and webpack 2.x and on 2017-12-13 for Angular 5.1.0 with Webpack 3.x)
We will create a simple angular application. It will be a simple "hello world"-style application so you can focus on the infrastructure and the absolute basics of the angular framework.
We will be using the result from the blog article on webpack. That result is also available from github
Starting point
If you have not completed the webpack then go ahead and clone the solution of that tutorial:
git clone https://github.com/edc4it/webpack-intro-tutorial hellow cd hellow
Next let's install the necessary libraries using yarn.
npm install
This puts you right at the end of the asupervisorstioned blog article.
Then remove all the contents** of the src folder as we will be building a new application from scratch.
Configure the project
Install dependencies
Let's first install the required angular libraries:
npm install @angular/core@7.0.0 \ @angular/common@7.0.0 \ @angular/compiler@7.0.0 \ @angular/platform-browser@7.0.0 \ @angular/platform-browser-dynamic@7.0.0 \ @angular/http@7.0.0 \ @angular/router@7.0.0 \ @angular/forms@7.0.0 \ rxjs@6.3.3
Angular also requires a couple of shims in order to support older browsers, install those and we make sure and we create a separate chunk for them afterwards.
npm install core-js@2.5.4 \ zone.js@0.8.26
Polyfills
Create a new file named src/polyfills.ts and add dependencies to our shims:
import "core-js/es7/reflect" ; import "zone.js/dist/zone" ;
Let's then add an webpack entry ( polyfills ) for our webpack configuration (above the main entry that is already there.):
entry: { polyfills: "./src/polyfills.ts", // add this main: "./src/app.ts" //change this },
Notice we also changed the name of the main entry to src/app.ts and we have *removed the vendor.
Our HtmlWebpackPlugin configuration from the previous post will include this on our page (as a first entry)
Optionally you can add the following: At the time of this writing we will also need to use the ContextReplacementPlugin in order to suppress a warning concerning the code of @angular/core/fesm5/core.js
plugins: [ …, new webpack.ContextReplacementPlugin( /\@angular(\\|\/)core(\\|\/)fesm5/ , path.resolve(__dirname, 'src' ),{} ) ]
There will still be a few warnings about the use of the deprecated System.import() . You could hide those using webpack-filter-warnings-plugin, however we will just ignore these.
TypeScript configuration
With angular we use decorators (they provide component metadata). By default this is not enabled. We therefore need to adjust the tsconfig.json together with some other configuration:
{ "compilerOptions" : { "module" : "es2015" , "target" : "es5" , "moduleResolution" : "node" , "experimentalDecorators" : true , "emitDecoratorMetadata" : true , "lib" : [ "es2015" , "dom" ], "typeRoots" : [ "node_modules/@types" ], "noImplicitAny" : true , "sourceMap" : true , "suppressImplicitAnyIndexErrors" : true } }
The code we'll write requires a more lenient tslint, so we will disable some rules (explicit accessor modifiers and the required extra line at the end of a file plus the alphabetic ordering of members in object literals):
"rules": { "member-access": false, "eofline": false, "object-literal-sort-keys": false },
Webpack dev configuration
While we are here let's add two more pieces of configuration (you can add this to the bottom of the webpack configuration)
devtool: "source-map", devServer: { historyApiFallback: true }
The first option instructs webpack to generate source-maps, the second option is required when using the webpack-dev-server together with angular routing.
We will need to add some more configuration later, but we'll do that in context.
Prepare the html
We need to place a component element to our html file so that angular can replace our component on the page (something like a placeholder). We will use a custom element ( we could use any CSS3 selector to target the placement in the DOM).
Create a new file named src/index.html with the following contents:
< html lang = "en" > < head > < meta charset = "UTF-8" > < title > Angular Hellow </ title > </ head > < body > < hellow-app > loading... </ hellow-app > </ body > </ html >
The angular component we'll write later on is going to replace the contents of the hellow-app element. Notice we have placed some text inside it ("loading..."), this will be shown during application initialisation.
We don't need to include any javascript files for angular, polyfills or our application code, this is handled by webpack and in particular the HtmlWebpackPlugin. This means we are all done with this step!
The Component
Create a new file named src/app.ts . In it declare an HelloComponent class within:
class HelloComponent { }
Next lets add the metadata using the @Component decorator from "@angular/core" (don't forget the import if your IDE does not do it for you). Add a selector (pointing to the hellow-app element in our index.html , and the template text for this component:
import {Component} from "@angular/core" ; ({ selector: "hellow-app" , template: "<h1>Hello Friend</h1>" , }) class HelloComponent { }
Angular applications are structured using modules (not to be confused with webpack modules). A module consists of various related angular resources (components, services etc). Angular modules can dependent on each other. In our case we need to "import" the built-in BrowserModule . We will also need to register our component and indicate it is used to bootstrap our application. We then finally need to register the module to be used as the bootstrap module (using platformBrowserDynamic ) You'll need at least one such module. Lets go ahead and declare an "application"-module inside the same app.ts file"
import {Component, NgModule} from "@angular/core" ; import {BrowserModule} from "@angular/platform-browser" ; import {platformBrowserDynamic} from "@angular/platform-browser-dynamic" ; … … ({ imports: [BrowserModule ], bootstrap: [HelloComponent], declarations: [HelloComponent] }) export class AppModule {} platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule);
Start the webpack-dev-server:
npx webpack-dev-server
Open http://localhost:8080 and Bang! it shows "Hello World"!
Restructure
Great that we got it all working so fast in a single file, but we really should reorganise the files and resources better:
Place components inside their own files (and directories)
Place template html (and later styles) inside their own files
Place the module in its own file
Eventually the structure needs to resemble:
src ├── app │ ├── app.component.html │ ├── app.component.scss │ ├── app.component.ts │ └── app.module.ts ├── index.html ├── app.ts ├── polyfills.ts
Separate Module from Component
Create the src/app/app.component.ts and cut/paste the component from app.ts . Make sure you export as this needs to now be accessed by another module:
import {Component} from "@angular/core" ; ({ selector: "hellow-app" , template: "<h1>Hello Friend</h1>" , }) export class HelloComponent { }
And let's move the AppModule declaration to a file named src/app/app.module.ts (again. don't forget the imports and export):
import {NgModule} from "@angular/core" ; import {BrowserModule} from "@angular/platform-browser" ; import {HelloComponent} from "./app.component" ; ({ imports: [BrowserModule ], bootstrap: [HelloComponent], declarations: [HelloComponent], }) export class AppModule {}
Fix the reference inside the app.ts by using an import:
import {platformBrowserDynamic} from "@angular/platform-browser-dynamic" ; import {AppModule} from "./app/app.module" ; platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule);
Your browser should again be showing "Hello Friend"
Move the html to a file
Let's now remove the html template from the component decorator and place it in its own file src/app/app.component.html :
< h1 > Hello Friend </ h1 >
Update the metadata and use node's require to obtain the html text:
({ selector: "hellow-app" , template: require ( "./app.component.html" ), })
note: Without webpack you would have used the templateUrl metadata property and point to the html file using a string url: app/app.component.html . But as we are using webpack we are really just loading the html as a string using node's require function.
But hold on: we are declaring a dependency to a "html-module". Recall from the previous article, that webpack only knows how to handle javascript modules. We therefore already added some module rules. We now need to add one for html modules
First install the loader:
npm install add html-loader@0.5.5 --save-dev
Then configure the rule:
{ test: /\.html$/, loader: "html-loader" },
Add styling
Add a scss file named src/app/app.component.scss with the following contents
$color : #0086b3 ; h1 { font-size : 1.2em ; color : $color ; }
note: The $color variable should ideally come from a global .scss file which you would then import using @import "../main"; . We are using it here just to use a specific non-css scss feature.
Update the metadata to include a styles property and use again node's require :
({ selector: "hellow-app" , styles: [ require ( "./app.component.scss" ) ], template: require ( "./app.component.html" ), })
But wait a minute, hold on again! How will webpack process this? We have an existing rule for scss. But in this case we don't want to have the style on the page. We just want it to be made available to the styles metadata property above. Change the existing rule and only use the sass-loader followed by a raw-loader (which we need to install):
{ test: /\.scss$/, loader: ["raw-loader", "sass-loader?sourceMap"] }
Don't forget to install the loader:
npm install add raw-loader --save-dev
Restart your dev server and your browser should now be showing a styled "Hello World" ;)
One-way binding
In this step you will use interpolation using an expression which will be initialised to a static value. (Later we will use two-way binding).
Update our component's template ( app/app.component.html )
<h1>{{message}}</h1>
Notice your browser, you will notice the page no longer display any text. You are already seeing angular in action. The reason you don't see any text is because the property message value has no value (if you wanted you could use ' and the paye would display true`). Let's add a property and initialise it with a value inside our component:
export class HelloComponent { message = "Hoo Ah!" ; }
You should now see your message in the browser (and shout it out like Lt. Col. Frank Slade when you see it in your browser)
Two-way binding
You will now bind the message model using two-way data binding.
Add an input element and use the ngModel applying the two-way binding style: [(...)] .
<h1>{{message}}</h1> <input type="text" [(ngModel)]="message"/>
You will need to import the FormsModule into your module:
… import {FormsModule} from "@angular/forms" ; ({ imports: [BrowserModule, FormsModule ], … }) export class AppModule {}
Try it out in the browser! You should notice the text input contains "Hoo Ah!", but now when you change the value, it instantly updates the header value.
This completes this introduction on Angular. The solution can be be found on github: github
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The health insurance exchanges set up under Obamacare are required by federal law to help millions of uninsured Americans register to vote. But the Obama administration is refusing to fully comply with that law, according to two voting rights organizations.
Here's what the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has to do with voting: The 1993 National Voter Registration Act (NVRA), known as the Motor Voter law, requires departments of motor vehicles and other agencies that provide public assistance to offer voter registration services. The new health care exchanges fall under this requirement, according to the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). They federally run exchange (which was set up to provide a health insurance portal for residents in states where Republican governors refused to establish their own insurance marketplaces) and several state-run exchanges provide a link to the federal voter registration website in their health insurance applications. But the Motor Voter law requires that covered agencies do more than this, and in the case of Obamacare, that means the navigators hired by HHS who walk uninsured Americans through the sign-up process must also offer to guide applicants through the voter registration process. Yet in a letter sent to the White House on Thursday, voting rights groups Demos and Project Vote charge that HHS is not complying with this aspect of the law.
“This looks like [the administration is] running from a political fight,” says Lawrence Jacobs, a political science professor at the University of Minnesota and author of Health Care Reform and American Politics.
Jacobs sees HHS's decision to not provide Americans full voter registration services through the federal exchange as a capitulation to Republicans. Republicans have been complaining that Obamacare could make it easier for uninsured Americans—who are largely low-income, minority, and young people who tend to vote Democratic—to register to vote. “Republicans are growling, and the administration is running,” Jacobs says. A House Democratic aide notes that the Obama administration “is trying to minimize political vulnerabilities.”
Last September, before the exchanges opened, Mother Jones reported that the administration was wavering on whether it would comply with the Motor Voter law in this regard. Since then, Demos and Project Vote have pressured the White House behind the scenes, urging the administration to require the federal exchange to offer full voter registration services, which would entail more detailed notification in the health insurance application regarding voter registration. It would also mean that the federal exchange has to treat voter registration as a part of its own application process; if an uninsured person needs help with their insurance application, that person would also automatically be offered help with their voter registration application. The administration's response has been “sympathetic indifference,” says Michael Slater, executive director of Project Vote.
Jacobs notes that “HHS has really dropped the ball…[on] a very important effort to link health reform to political equality.” Obamacare, they point out, has the potential to add millions of Americans to the voter rolls. Over 50 million Americans are not registered to vote. And the 24 million uninsured Americans who are expected to buy health insurance through the exchanges are particularly likely to be unregistered to vote, according to Lake Research, a political strategy research firm.
The letter from Demos and Project Vote urges Obama to ensure HHS fully complies with the Motor Voter law, and it comes a day after the Presidential Commission on Election Administration, which Obama created last year to examine voting problems in the country, issued a report that found that “the election statute most often ignored…is the National Voter Registration Act.” The study calls for increased enforcement of government agencies' compliance with the Motor Voter law.
Some conservative legal scholars say that the exchanges don't have to provide voter registration because they offer private insurance and, consequently, don't fall under the Motor Voter law's definition of a public assistance agency. But the Obama administration itself disagrees with this argument. It has acknowledged several times that the exchanges are covered by the Motor Voter law generally, though it has not addressed the part of the law that requires the training of navigators. HHS is “ignoring” the law, Slater says.
An HHS spokesperson says the agency is complying with the requirement that voter registration be offered in the exchange application. But they didn't explain why it is not training navigators to assist voters in the registration process. The White House and the Justice Department did not respond to requests for comment.
By Matt Becker
Pin Email 30 Shares
I recently spent a weekend with 108 people who shared a mindset I knew I had to share with you.
Conversation after conversation, person after person, the same things kept coming up.
They were excited about the work they were doing and the mission behind it.
They knew that their work could be improved and they were excited about the opportunities that presented.
They were actively learning from others and trying new ideas in an effort to make those improvements.
In other words, they were entrepreneurs.
Maybe not in the traditional sense. Some of them were running their own companies or on their way to doing so, but most of these people were employees.
But that didn't stop them from wanting to make the world a better place.
No matter their situation, these people were applying an entrepreneurial mindset to improve themselves and the world around them.
It was an inspiring environment. It made me want to be a better person. And it provided some insights that I think are worth sharing.
So in this post we're going to explore what an entrepreneurial mindset is and how you can apply it across all areas of your life to improve yourself and the world around you.
What is an entrepreneurial mindset?
An entrepreneur does three things:
Recognize – They see something that could be improved. Care – They care about finding a good solution. Act – They work at making it better.
Recognize. Care. Act.
That is the entrepreneurial mindset.
This isn't just for entrepreneurs
You don't have to be an entrepreneur to benefit from this mindset. There's nothing in that definition that mentions starting a business or building the next hot tech company.
You can do amazing entrepreneurial work no matter what situation you're in.
Just this past weekend, I talked to multiple people who were exploring new ways to help their employers reach new types of clients.
I talked to people looking for tools and processes that would reduce the stress of their regular tasks, cut down on mistakes, and leave more time for the work they enjoyed.
I talked to people who wanted to improve their communication and connection with their spouses and children.
I talked to one guy who, over the past few years, has intentionally structured their life so that they can alternate between 6 weeks at work and 6 weeks off. That's right. They only works half of the year.
Some of these people were business owners. Most weren't.
And they all shared the same excitement about not only improving their own lives, but making the world around them a better place.
How you can be an entrepreneur
There are an infinite number of ways you could apply this entrepreneurial mindset to your own life. The only limit is your imagination.
But here are a few ideas that might help you get started.
Family
How could you…
help your spouse, children, parents, siblings, etc. achieve their personal goals?
raise the level of conversation at the dinner table?
turn learning into a fun exploration?
Work
How could you…
make one co-worker's job a little easier?
implement something that makes your company more profitable?
learn a skill that increases your value to the world?
Personal
How could you…
create time for a new hobby you've always wanted to try?
say no to something you feel like you're “supposed” to do but that drains your energy?
surround yourself with people who understand and support your biggest dreams?
Money
How could you…
bring in a little side income?
align your spending and saving with your personal values?
create a personal financial system that runs itself?
Empower yourself
An entrepreneurial mindset is all about empowering yourself to improve your situation and the world around you. It's the recognition that hoping for things to change isn't a strategy. Purposeful action is the way to make things better and it's in your hands to take it.
“Purposeful action is the way to make things better
and it's in your hands to take it.“ Click to tweet.
Now, this certainly doesn't mean that you're on your own. Entrepreneurs know that they don't have all the answers and they are constantly seeking out new ideas and new people who can help them in their journey.
But in the end, they know that it's on them to make a difference. And they're excited by the opportunity.
Recognize. Care. Act.
What will you do next to make the world a better place?
NEW YORK (JTA) — To an outsider, the battles might seem to be over trifles — in some cases, just a few feet.
Where may a non-Jewish parent stand in the synagogue during their child's bar mitzvah? Can a non-Jew open the holy ark? Should non-Jewish synagogue members have voting rights?
Such questions have been pushed to the fore by the growing percentage of Conservative homes that include non-Jewish family members — more than one-quarter of them, according to the recent Pew Research Center survey.
For many Conservative synagogues, the issues are not trivial. They cut to the heart of a philosophical and practical debate about how open they should be toward the non-Jews in their midst.
“For a variety of reasons, my colleagues are being challenged to rethink positions that in the past we accepted almost as dogma,” said Rabbi Charles Simon, who as executive director of the Conservative movement's Federation of Jewish Men's Clubs organizes seminars for Conservative synagogues on how to be more inclusive of non-Jews. “It doesn't mean that the standards of Conservative Judaism are changing. It means that my colleagues are metaphorically learning they have to broaden their own tents.”
In some ways, the dilemma is not unique to Conservative Judaism; the Reform movement has grappled with some of the same issues. But Reform synagogues are not bound by Jewish law, and the movement accepts intermarriage — two key distinctions from Conservative Judaism. On the Orthodox side, the line against non-Jewish participation is pretty clear; many strictly Orthodox synagogues won't even allow the Jewish partner in an interfaith marriage to lead services.
Conservative synagogues are navigating the parlous middle, wrestling with how to adapt to an era of increasing non-Jews in their ranks while still adhering to Conservative principles of Jewish law that among other things forbid intermarriage.
The discussions also come at a time of serious decline for the Conservative movement, whose share of the American Jewish population has fallen to 18 percent, according to the Pew study.
“Since such a large percentage of our younger families include interfaith marriages and relationships, we want very much to keep our children as loyal and involved Conservative Jews, and we realize that in order to do so we need to be welcoming to their partners and spouses and families,” said Rabbi Raphael Adler of the Woodbury Jewish Center in New York. “Many in our congregations are not willing to give up our children and our families to Reform synagogues or to no congregation at all. It seems wrong.”
The ways Conservative synagogues are adapting varies widely. Many offer non-Jews the honor of reciting the English prayer for the government, Israel or peace. Some allow non-Jews voting rights but bar them from board positions. Others exclude them from membership.
For Debbie Burton, who was married to a Jew and raising their kids as Jews but wasn't Jewish herself, exclusion from synagogue ritual roles never really bothered them until their daughter's bar mitzvah, when they were told they could not speak from the pulpit of their Chicago-area synagogue.
“It was the first time that I had ever felt that I was excluded from a minyan activity because I was not Jewish,” Burton, a professor of mechanical engineering at Northwestern, wrote in a 2010 essay for Interfaithfamily.com. “I was hurt to feel prevented from publicly sharing my thoughts on the occasion of a Jewish milestone of my child. After all, even though I wasn't Jewish, I had played an important role in my children's Jewish education and upbringing.”
Burton told JTA that the experience prompted them to push for changes in their synagogue's policies, though in the end they didn't require the changes for themselves because they converted.
During life-cycle events, many Conservative synagogues now offer non-Jews a place of honor, but with limitations. At the Woodbury synagogue, non-Jewish parents may join their Jewish spouses when receiving an aliyah to the Torah during a bar mitzvah service, but the non-Jew must take a couple of steps back when the blessings are recited. A non-Jewish grandparent may offer an English blessing composed by the rabbi, but only from their place in the pews, not from the bimah.
Adler says reaction to the changes has been mixed: Some members have threatened to quit if certain changes are adopted.
Rabbi David Booth of Kol Emeth in Palo Alto, Calif., recently began giving non-Jews in their congregation a stand-alone ritual role unconnected to life-cycle events: opening the ark. Last month, the Conservative movement's Committee on Jewish Law and Standards formally endorsed the practice.
At Congregation Kneses Tifereth Israel in Port Chester, N.Y., Rabbi Jaymee Alpert offers a public blessing to interfaith couples right before their wedding in an adaptation of the traditional Shabbat “aufruf” celebration that precedes a Jewish wedding. Alpert also presents the interfaith couple with the same synagogue gift bestowed upon Jewish couples.
“We should be as open and inclusive as possible within the parameters of Jewish law and the Conservative movement,” they said. “It's not that the congregation is advocating intermarriage, but I think there's a little bit of acceptance that this happens, and don't we want our children and the next generation to feel comfortable in the synagogue?”
Alpert says they find it painful to have to explain to interfaith couples why they cannot officiate at their weddings. Though the Conservative movement also bars its rabbis from attending intermarriages, the rule often is ignored.
Like many Conservative clergymen in Canada, Rabbi Jarrod Grover of Beth Tikvah Synagogue in Toronto considers intermarriage a breach of Conservative Judaism. At Beth Tikvah, non-Jews are barred from membership. Synagogue mail sent to interfaith homes omits the name of the non-Jewish spouse. The synagogue does not allow blessings for interfaith unions.
“We do not recognize the validity of intermarriages — period. There's no simcha, there's no aufruf,” Grover said.
They believe the best way to welcome non-Jews and encourage them to raise a Jewish family is to lower the bar for conversion.
“The danger of making the shul too welcoming for the intermarried is that there stops being any reason to convert, and I don't want that,” Grover told JTA. “I want to push conversion because the right way to raise Jewish children is with two Jewish parents.”
Rabbi Stewart Vogel of Temple Aliyah in Los Angeles rejects that approach.
“Parents who have made a commitment to raise a Jewish household and they don't convert, I think they're heroes,” Vogel said. “I think they deserve our praise and recognition. Instead, what do they get? At best, a feeling that they're accepted.”
Vogel's synagogue doesn't just welcome interfaith families but celebrates them. On “anniversary Shabbats,” when couples celebrating anniversaries are acknowledged in shul, intermarried couples are honored along with everybody else. At bar mitzvahs, the non-Jewish parent is invited to be part of the tallit presentation but must step back when the blessing is recited.
Vogel even officiates at funerals for non-Jewish congregants, noting in their eulogy that the deceased was not Jewish but was an “ohev yisrael” — a lover of the Jewish people. Vogel's synagogue also allows non-Jewish spouses who have lost their Jewish spouse or divorced to remain a member of the congregation.
“Some of my most committed congregants are non-Jewish congregants,” they said.
Vogel says they initially are resistant to many of these changes, but their attitude shifted over time.
“My actions have been changed by the personal interactions with congregants and seeing how with a change in attitude we can really inspire them Jewishly,” they said. “Someone who might otherwise turn away is now validated and sanctified. It's so affirming.”
[RELATED: The war against intermarriage has been lost. Now what?]
Yearbooks. Driver's licences. Passports. Work passes. There's an embarrassing photo in everyone's personal catalogue. Are Olympians immune? Apparently not.
Scan through the athlete profiles at the London Olympics website, and you're stunned by the number of ill-advised images available for public consumption. Were the athletes too busy training for a re-shoot? Too busy to smile?
Many images fit right in with today's stringent passport requirements -- not an ounce of joy in sight. Others are simply bad photos, whether it's poor lighting, poor backgrounds, poor focus. Some just had bad hair or bad shirt days. One thing is for certain, that Grade 10 yearbook photo doesn't seem so bad now.
Here's our Olympic collection, from A to Z:
Ayanna Alexander
Triple Jump, Trinidad and Tobago
Anyone else feeling squeezed?
Ashleigh Ball
Field Hockey, Great Britain
Should you get your profile photo from a booth?
Georgina Bardach
Swimming, Argentina
Ran out of batteries for the flash. It can happen.
Jose Calderon
Basketball, Spain
We expect more emotion from the Raptors guard, no?
Diletta Carli
Swimming, Italy
Badly sunburned or bad photo enhancement?
Sylvie Datty-Ngonga Tara-Agoue
Wrestling, Central African Republic
Bad expression. Fuzzy picture. Other than that... Yeah.
Sprinter, NigeriaRemember the scene in Garden State where Zack Braff is wearing a shirt that exactly matches the bathroom wallpaper? No? Well, you get the picture.Race walker, SerbiaIsn't Nenad a splitting image of Kevin McDonald from the Kids in the Hall?Cycling, ColombiaSuperman movie with Christopher Reeve. Bad guys are trapped in a one-dimensional image. Juliana knows how it feels.Soccer, SwedenWhich twin seems unhappier with their photo?Sprinter, JapanHoly green gamma rays, Batman.Basketball, U.S.LeBron spells relief: N-B-A t-i-t-l-e.Shooting, KoreaIs this the portrait of a dead-eye sharpshooter?Diving, Great BritainWhat's my inspiration? Smouldering? Pouty? Anything that doesn't remind people of my last name.Soccer, GabonPink background? Check. Pointy, layered Mohawk? Fantastic.Men's 1500m, Saudi ArabiaLong face. Glum expression. Going for gold.Basketball, NigeriaThis may or may not be Chamberlain Oguchi.Field Hockey, KoreaSpeaking about those Grade 10 yearbook photos...Swimming, ChinaIs it me or are 14-year-olds looking younger and younger these days?Soccer, MexicoDon't you hate when your hairdo gets pointy like that?Long Jump, PanamaSeriously?Cycling, U.S.The classic crop, from faded family albums.Discus, PolandAlso known as Young SpockEquestrian, DenmarkSuch rich colours, texture.Triathlon, CanadaEven flag-bearers get hat head once in a while.Rowing, ChinaLike xylophone, not a lot of names under X. But we dig the Matrix-like jacket.Boxing, CameroonCan't top the purple pimple.Cycling, IranThe greenish stain, the leaning hairdo. It's all good.
There's apparently an interpretation of the Schrödinger cat paradox that claims it is explained by quantum decoherence. I ran across this on Quora where someone had asked about decoherence. Someone from SLAC gave a mathematically correct answer, but attributed it to decoherence. But if we use the usual quantum definition of decoherence, then it actually does not explain what happens. To understand all this let's review coherence and decoherence.
Quantum systems have the ability to exist in superpositional states. As a simple analogy, suppose we have a bag that contains a bunch of black and white marbles. Now suppose that we remove a marble from the bag and hold it in our hand, but don't look at it. So we don't (yet) know whether it is a black marble or a white marble. If the marble were a quantum mechanical object, we would say that, until we open our hand, that marble exists in a ‘coherent' superposition of black and white states. Suppose our bag only has two marbles in it. If we pull out the white marble, we immediately know that the other marble in the bag is black. We say the marble in our hand is in a ‘pure' state because when we open our hand to look at it, it is either black or white (e.g. not striped, grey, etc.), i.e. we would say that the black and white outcomes are orthogonal to one another. So a pure state is one that allows for a coherent superposition of orthogonal states.
But sometimes the world isn't quite so black and white (pardon the pun). Instead of marbles, suppose we're dealing with, say, dogs. Pure breds would represent the orthogonal states. So suppose I go to a (strange) shelter where I'm not allowed to see into the pens where they keep the dogs and there is one dog per pen. Suppose this shelter has only two pure bred dogs – one dachsund and one poodle. If I choose the first door and it turns out to be a dachsund, then the poodle must be behind the second door. These are orthogonal states.
But what if the two dogs are mutts? Maybe the dog behind the first door has some dachsund in them as well as other things like beagle and basset hound. The same could be true of the dog behind the second door. They might have some poodle in him, but they could also have some dachsund in him. Since both dogs could have some dachsund them them, their states are not necessarily orthogonal. We would say such a state is a ‘mixed' state.
Another way to look at this is to consider electromagnetic (light) waves. Imagine that we build a laser in which the light is produced by some atomic transition. If the light waves that are produced are all perfectly ‘in step' with one another, then we say that our beam is ‘coherent' and represents a ‘pure' state in that the light waves all have the same wavelength, frequency, etc. If, however, they don't all have the same frequency, wavelength, etc. then we have a ‘mixed' state.
Decoherence in quantum systems, then, is the process by which a pure state becomes a mixed state. What causes decoherence is something I will leave to another blog post. But suffice it to say that its definition is fairly consistent throughout quantum physics.
So now what about Schrödinger's cat? For those unfamiliar with this gedankenexperiment, it goes something like this. Suppose we have a cat in a box. Inside the box is a vial of cyanide gas. Next to this vial is a small hammer attached to a mechanism. The mechanism is set to trigger the hammer (and thus break the glass, killing the cat) if a certain radioactive isotope decays. So the cat's life (or death) is governed by a purely random process. Before we open the box, the original version of the paradox says that the cat exists in a superposition of alive and dead states. It shouldn't be too difficult to see that these are clearly orthogonal states. You're either alive or you're dead. Ain't no way to be a mixture of the two. Let's assume it's about a 50-50 shot that the cat is alive/dead. The state prior to opening the box is
.
This is a coherent, pure state since it is composed of orthogonal terms (there is no dispute about this). When we open the box the cat is either alive or dead. Let's be humane and assume it is alive. Then the state after we open the box is
.
This is clearly not a mixed state! Therefore, decoherence does not explain what happens to Schrödinger's cat!
Update: I forgot to mention that entanglement doesn't describe this either. Prior to measurement, the cat's state is not entangled! By definition, an entangled state is a non-factorable state. In other words, you either need to be comparing a single observable for two objects, or two observables for a single object. Here we have a single observable (life/death) for a single object.
Update II: Matt Leifer pointed out on Google+ that technically decoherence is not merely a transition from a pure state to a mixed state. It is actually an irreversible transition from a pure state to a mixed state. I should also point out that decoherence is often cited as one mechanism by which the classical world arises from the quantum world. Matt and Thaddeus Ladd pointed out a number of other points, but for the purposes of my post (debunking a myth), I disagree with them regarding the importance of those points.
Advertisements
Posted on 26 May 2009 by Quaid
I love love love Flight of the Navigator. I watched it on a loop as a kid, engrossed by its kid-friendly adventure as well as the sci-fi, alien, and time travel elements that made it great.
Really, it was one of my first forays into the world of alien spacecraft, government agencies and robots, and it stuck with me for years. It wasn't the most original piece, but I didn't know that at the time.
Now we get word from the Hollywood Reporter that Disney has decided to remake the film, no doubt giving it the Witch Mountain treatment.
Now, I'm not going to claim that the original is amazing and can't be touched; I recognize my own prejudice is loving it so much. I will say, though, that adding a big-budget adventure element or a series of kid-friendly and silly jokes will not improve the source material in any way. If this one is remade with care and attention, it could really become a classic for a whole new generation of kids. That's what I'll hope for at least.
An interesting side note…the first movie grossed only $17 million theatrically, so it wasn't a hit. On video, though, it more than made a profit. So never say Hollywood only remakes uber-successful (theatrical) films or cinema classics. Still, it bugs me that Disney can't find an original thought as compelling as Flight of the Navigator. I guess any name recognition is better than none, marketing wise, and Disney wants to get parents to bring their kids to a movie that has some nostalgic value. It's an easier sell.
So who wants Paul Reubens as the cracked-out alien robot thing?
When some 30 world leaders and hundreds of other dignitaries gathered in Beijing between May 14 and 16, 2017, for the first Belt and Road Forum, they were greeted by clear blue skies, which are rare most of the year but common at major international events like the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in 2014 and the Olympic Games in 2008.
For the opening day of the Belt and Road Forum hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping himself, readings of fine but dangerous PM2.5 particles (particulate matter with diameter ≤ 2.5 micrometers) were near zero. As a capital city notorious for heavy air pollution, Beijing typically averages a level about three times the World Health Organization's recommendation of no more than 25 microgrammes of PM2.5 per cubic meter of air, and even reaches 1,000 microgrammes on some days.
As with earlier events, the “blue skies” for this international gathering did not last long. Only five days after the conclusion of the Belt and Road Forum, Beijing residents braced for another round of polluted days caused by photochemical smog. Each time Beijing achieves this kind of temporary clean air during high-profile international events, the urban dwellers who have been suffering smog agony in Chinese cities always have this question in mind: why cannot the government try to make this kind of “Summit Blue” last longer? If the government can sufficiently curb air pollution through contingency measures including traffic control and the closing down of nearby factories, why cannot it makes these regulations function regularly to achieve blue skies throughout the year?
The achievable “Summit Blue” in Beijing, Shanghai and other Chinese metropolises actually reveals a plain but inconvenient truth: the real obstacle that prevents China from solving the smog issue is a lack of political will rather than technological barriers or policy implementation difficulties. Most municipal governments in China, despite their intense endeavors to promote investment, infrastructure, and local economic development, have failed to pay sufficient heed to growing public demands for a cleaner environment, which in many cases conflicts with economic goals.
Only the political hype for a better international image during grand gatherings is sufficient to pressure local officials to take the necessary measures to tackle air pollution. Many of these measures are already in the policy toolboxes of municipal officials, but for fear of these policies hampering local economic activities, the government shelves them aside most of the time and only puts them into practice as contingency plans when a large number of international dignitaries are in town.
Environmental pollution is a global issue that most fast-growing economies have had to face, and is related to many factors such as economic structure, technological level, political systems, governance capacity, institution building, as well as public awareness and social participation. Like many other developing nations in the world, China is becoming more urban, with more than half of its population already dwelling in cities of various scales, most of which are being quickly industrialized and ready to absorb even more people from vast rural areas in the next two decades. As a consequence of poor urban planning, the swelling of the residential population at an incredible pace has made many Chinese cities even less habitable, with local people suffering from traffic congestion, polluted air, water shortage and contamination, loss of greenery, and land degradation.
China's economic miracles over the last three decades have imposed enormous pressures upon the country's already worsened environment and scant resources, with mounting ecological problems like air pollution, water pollution and shortages, soil contamination, desertification, and loss of bio-diversity having caught intensive attention from the Chinese government, domestic public, and international community.
In the long run, the Chinese government needs to introduce more economic incentives and disincentives to curb pollution and ecological destruction instead of relying too much on short-term administrative orders.
By enhancing its capacity for environmental governance, Chinese authorities have made concrete steps in curbing pollution with environmental conservation tasks having risen to the highest platform in the political agenda of the ruling Communist Party of China (Carter and Mol, 2007; Economy, 2007). Nevertheless, a society's ability to identify and resolve environmental problems is not merely based on the knowledge and resources embedded in its bureaucracy and legal framework (Weidner, 2002).
Up to now, China's environmental protection has been mainly a state-led process, which has been severely restrained by the existing implementation deficit in environmental governance and the inability of the administration to monitor and reduce pollution in this vast nation. The presence of social actors who can act as advocates for the environment and the integration of these non-governmental forces in processes of planning and policy-making can substantially enhance the opportunities for the ongoing environmental transition (Jänicke, 1996).
For years the Chinese government has been reporting daily air pollution levels at major cities based on the data collected from monitoring stations around those cities by the Ministry of Environmental Protection and its local branches. Local environmental protection bureaus then calculate the Air Quality Index (AQI) indicating the potential harm to human health at a range of 1-500. The higher the AQI, the more polluted the air. However, the AQI system implemented before 2012 did not include the tiniest but potentially harmful PM2.5 particles in its list of major pollutants, such as SO 2, NO 2, PM 10 (particulate matter with diameter ≤10 micrometers), O 3 and CO. The Chinese government had been claiming that more “blue sky” days were achieved for the past decade when the daily mean of AQI is equal to, or lower than, 100. Local people on the other hand were getting increasingly doubtful about the authenticity of official data and anxious about the deteriorating visibility and breathability of ambient air quality.
Beijing and other major cities did not release their PM2.5 data until 2012 when the term “PM2.5” became a hot topic in on-line forums and mini-blogs amidst frequent thick smog throughout the year. Chinese officials once refused to publicize PM 2.5 readings, accusing the US embassy in Beijing of meddling in China's internal affairs for publishing its own monitoring data of PM2.5 online. In 2012, the new leadership headed by Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang had to yield to growing social pressure for the disclosure of PM2.5 readings in major cities. After Li's statement that the government should present PM2.5 data to the public in a transparent and timely manner, citizens in at least 74 cities have begun to have access to real time environmental indicators including PM2.5.
Smog in Beijing is an image problem as well as a health hazard for hundreds of millions of city dwellers. Many cities have taken ad hoc measures, including suspending construction projects, cutting back on burning coal, shutting down polluting factories, and taking certain classes of vehicle off the roads on heavily polluted days to ensure clean air. Such temporary measures have reminded people of similar contingency plans rolled out before the Beijing Olympics in 2008 or the APEC summit in 2014, which only have short-lived effect instead of offering a long-term solution to the smog problem.
The smog woes experienced by Chinese cities can be mainly attributed to the extensive use of coal, the growing number of motor vehicles and the ongoing massive urbanization and industrialization process in the country. The smog in Beijing is just a telling example of China's environmental deterioration against the backdrop of breakneck economic growth. The smoggy woes have all the more pointed to the need to shift the growth strategy from the single-minded pursuit of more GDP to the quality aspects of economic growth.
After three decades of breathtaking growth that has transformed China into a middle-income country, the government should seriously consider trading off less GDP growth with a better quality of life. Pollution has become a public health hazard that affects both the rich and poor as well as rapidly increasing the social costs of economic growth.
Air pollution is to some extent an inevitable by-product of the rapid industrialization and urbanization of such a large-sized state. The country's pollution level has been on the rise as China modernizes its economy; it is now approaching the peak of a Kuznets curve, in which a developing country's pollution level first increases during the economic takeoff stage, and then decreases after the country completes industrialization and starts to outsource much of its manufacturing activities.
In the long run, the Chinese government needs to introduce more economic incentives and disincentives to curb pollution and ecological destruction instead of relying too much on short-term administrative orders such as closing polluting enterprises or blocking polluting sources. Institutional innovations such as the levy of reasonable discharge fees as well as resource, fuel, and environmental taxes can do a better job than administrative orders to achieve a fair and long-lasting effect.
References
Carter, N. T. and Mol, A. P. J. (eds.) (2007). Environmental Governance in China. London: Routledge.
Economy, E. C. (2007). The great leap backward? Foreign Affairs, 86(5).
Weidner, H. (2002). Capacity building for ecological modernization: lessons from cross-national research. American Behavioral Scientist, 45(9).
Jänicke, M. (1996). Democracy as a condition for environmental policy success: The importance of non-institutional factors. In William M. Lafferty and James Meadowcroft, (eds.), Democracy and the Environment: Problems and Prospects. Cheltenham: Brookfield.
Stefan Stefanov's photo of a crying girl holding a police officer from last year's anti-government protests in Bulgaria was selected for the Hollywood production.
“The Giver”, starring Meryl Streep, Katie Holmes and Jeff Bridges is an anti-utopia telling the story of a society devoid of emotions. The sequence featuring Stefanov's photo is illustrating the history of humanity and includes the “tank man” photo from Tiananmen Square, skydiving footage, photos from other protests across the world.
In an article, entitled “How A Photo For 25 euro of a Bulgarian Student Toured the World To Hollywood”, the French edition of Slate tells how National Academy for Theatre and Film Arts student Stefanov took the photo in November 2013 and posted it on their Facebook profile. Within hours the picture was shared tens of thousands of times and became a symbol of the protests.
Reportedly the schoolgirl Desi, then 16 years old, was upset by the fact that the police were beating other protesters and was trying to reason with the officers. The police officer in the photo was telling them “Hold on, it's going to be fine.”
Stefanov got a freelance fee of BGN 50 for the photo from a Bulgarian daily, but, according to Slate.fr, will get a whole lot more from the Hollywood production.
“I am still waiting for the sum we agreed on and am I getting a bit worried already,” Stefanov, who now works as a newspaper photographer, told the bTV national channel. “The most unpleasant thing for me is that many people say the photo was arranged. But it is not so.”
WASHINGTON — An effort to draft Elizabeth Warren into the 2016 presidential race plans to close up shop next week, acknowledging that the Massachusetts senator will not — as they have repeatedly said — seek the Democratic nomination.
MoveOn.org and Democracy for America said Tuesday they plan to suspend their Run Warren Run campaign on June 8. In their last act, they'll deliver a petition to Warren with more than 365,000 signatures urging them to run for president.
The groups said they had already influenced the economic debate in 2016 and want to focus their efforts on working with Warren on issues such as trade, including defeating the effort to give President Obama so-called “fast track” authority to complete the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
“Even without them in the race, Elizabeth Warren and the Run Warren Run campaign they inspired have already transformed the 2016 presidential election by focusing every single Democratic candidate on combating our country's income inequality crisis,” said Charles Chamberlain, executive director of Democracy for America.
Some of Warren's followers may back Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who is seeking the Democratic nomination and has offered an economic agenda in line with Warren's views.
Sanders, who formally launched their campaign last week, has called for a “political revolution” to elevate issues like income inequality, overhauling the campaign finance system and addressing climate change.
Ilya Sheyman, MoveOn's executive director, said the campaign had helped elevate Warren's platform, “an agenda that rejects the rigged status quo in Washington and puts working and middle-class Americans over corporate interests.”
The groups said they had held more than 400 events and recruited more than 60 state lawmakers and local party leaders from the early-voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire to join their movement.
Shortly after the shooting of Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and three others in Alexandria Wednesday morning, Capitol Hill came together in a rare show of solidarity. “We are united in our anguish,” Speaker Paul Ryan said on the House floor. “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”
“You're going to hear me say something you've never heard me say before: I identify myself with the remarks of the speaker,” their rival Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi added after Ryan's speech. “They are beautiful remarks, Mr. Speaker, thank you so much.”
But it didn't take long for an angrier narrative to take hold on right-wing news outlets. Upon learning that the shooter was reportedly a Bernie Sanders supporter, conservative pundits immediately pointed fingers at liberals for promoting a “culture of violence.”
The Daily Caller described the attack as “just the latest in an escalating pattern of violence and intimidation against Republicans,” complaining that politicians on the right were victims of “an increasingly hostile political climate where left-wingers portrayed them as ‘fascists.'”
According to LifeZette, the website of conservative provocateur Laura Ingraham, Wednesday's shooting “quickly drew attention to the American Left's escalating anti-Republican rhetoric, which demonizes and dehumanizes conservatives and their beliefs.”
Predictably, the shrillest denunciations came from the right-wing conspiracy website Infowars. “We have been warning for months that the mainstream media's hysterical anti-Trump narrative … will radicalize demented social justice warriors and prompt them to lash out with violence,” alt-right pundit Paul Joseph Watson wrote. “It looks like that's exactly what happened today. The blood is on their hands.”
Kathy Griffin, the comedian who recently came under fire for a picture of them holding a bloodied model of Donald Trump's head, was frequently brought up as an example of intolerable liberal rhetoric. So was the New York Public Theater's controversial production of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar, which portrays the murdered Caesar as a Trump-like figure with a red tie and golden hair.
“Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our President,” conservative pundit Harlan Hill said in a tweet that was highlighted by Trump's son Donald Trump Jr.
LifeZette complained that Democrats and the mainstream media had taken it too far with their claims that Republicans' Obamacare replacement would kill people (it probably would). “Trump's most controversial comments pale in comparison to the sort of hyperbole that liberals regularly employ to describe Republicans and their policies,” LifeZette's Edmund Kozak scolded.
The shooter, whom police have identified as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois, had criticized President Donald Trump and the GOP on social media. But there was no evidence that they were incited to violence by the left's rhetoric.
And that was what cooler heads on the right emphasized on Wednesday afternoon. “I don't want to blame people on the left for what this person did today,” said Republican Rep. Pete King of New York to Fox News. “He was acting on their own. I've been around long enough to know we have these types on both sides.”
When Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in the head by anti-government conspiracy theorist Jared Loughner in 2011, people on the left were making mirror-opposite complaints about the right's “climate of hate.” New York Times columnist Paul Krugman blasted conservative pundits such as Glenn Beck and Bill O'Reilly for making violent jokes — sometimes referencing gun violence — about the left:
Where's that toxic rhetoric coming from? Let's not make a false pretense of balance: it's coming, overwhelmingly, from the right. It's hard to imagine a Democratic member of Congress urging constituents to be “armed and dangerous” without being ostracized; but Representative Michele Bachmann, who did just that, is a rising star in the G.O.P.
Since the election, there have been plenty of examples of apparent hate crimes, including the murder of two men in Portland who had stood up to a white supremacist, and the shooting of two Indian-American engineers in Kansas.
But there is a simmering belief among parts of the right that the mainstream media unfairly highlights violence perpetrated by Trump supporters. On Wednesday, for instance, some politicians took the shooting as an opportunity to complain about the increasingly rowdy participants at their town halls.
"I can only hope that the Democrats do tone down the rhetoric," said New York Rep. Chris Collins to local radio station WBEN. “The rhetoric has been outrageous. The finger pointing, just the tone and the angst and the anger directed at Donald Trump, their supporters. ... Some people react to things like that. They get angry as well. And then you fuel the fires."
Collins told WBEN that they would start carrying a pistol “in my pocket from this day forward.”
So far, with the Jedi Guardian we've only covered the very basics, including leveling, builds, rotations, and tactics. Now it's time for itemization. Note that for the current build, 1.1.x, end game itemization is greatly limited by the amount of gear available from the tier system. There is only one tank set for Tionese, Columi, and Rakata gear, as well as Centurian, Champion, and Battlemaster gear. Though you may not be able to itemize as you choose now, familiarity with the system and how you can manipulate it will help you for later builds, such as the upcoming 1.2 patch. The only stat I will not cover in this article is armor, which is a stat that you have virtually no control over. We will start with the most basic stats.
Strength and Endurance:
As far as primary stats go, even in 1.2, your ability to manipulate these will be severely limited. This is due to the fact that most of the items that contain these base stats either only contain these two stats or contain a secondary stat that we don't really want, like critical or power. In general, you should always choose to armor and mods that have more endurance than strength, often labeled as “Guardian” mods. This is because survival is your most important priority. The goal of the tank is to absorb damage, and the more HP you have, the more effectively you can perform that role. Strength affects your melee and force bonus damage as well as your melee and force critical chances. Though these stats help you hold aggro from your targets, taunts and other threat modifiers help compensate for your lack of strength. Strength and endurance can both be found on armorings and mods while only endurance is found on enhancements.
Defensive Secondary Stats:
There are three defensive secondary stats in Star Wars: The Old Republic. Defense, Shield, and Absorb. Defense is your parry/dodge chance. It is straight damage avoidance. Deflected/parried/dodged attacks are mitigated entirely. Shield and Absorb are a coupled pair. Shield determines how often your personal shield generator absorbs and incoming attack and Absorb determines how much of that attack is mitigated. Intuition tells us right away that Defense is better than Shield and Absorb. 100% damage mitigation vs. a percentage of that damage. Also, Shield and Absorb are worthless without one another. You have to build both stats to make the mitigation truly useful. The hit roll system for weapon based damage in the game also has something to do with this priority. Defense is always rolled against first.
Shield is not rolled on until the attack has already been determined as a hit. Critical hits can not be shielded. Because Absorb only works if the shield procs in the first place, the over all priority for all three defensive stats is Defense > Shield > Absorb. All three stats are normally found on enhancement modifications, but some can be found on mods.
Offensive Secondary Stats:
Because the Defense Guardian has no critical chance or damage modifiers to speak of, critical and surge are unwanted stats for a tank build. The only real offensive stat that gives the tank Guardian any real boost is Accuracy. Accuracy can be built up to more than 100%, reducing your miss chance to 0 and lowering your targets defensive bonuses. Power is another option is Accuracy is not available or already well stacked. For the most part, you should forgo offensive stats for defensive ones. The only exception would be if your current Accuracy is less than 100%.
Soft and Hard Stat Caps:
SWTOR secondary stats have no real soft caps, but they all have a hard cap. Shield, for example, can not exceed a 50% proc. The same goes for Absorb. Defense can not exceed 30%.
This graph displays the total benefit each stat provides vs. how much of that particular stat you would have to stack up. As you can see, there is a diminishing return curve after stacking so much of each stat. Some stats also tend to curve faster than others.
How This Applies to Your Gear:
Right now, the main source of stat modifying in the game is enhancements. Since you can not pull out armoring modifications and since mods carry very little secondary stats, enhancements will determine most of your defenses. Even though most tier gear has enhancements already placed in it, not all tier gear carries the same enhancements. As such, you can rip the mods out of one piece of gear and place them over your old ones. This can be expensive, but also beneficial if you find yourself over stacked with one particular stat over another. One thing end game tanks will also find is that tier 3 gear, or Battlemaster or Rakata gear, is very poorly itemized. The Rakata boots, for example, carry Defense and Surge on their enhancements while the Columi boots carry Defense and Shield. Given that a tank Guardian has a very low critical chance, Surge does not strike me as all that useful. As such, I pulled the old enhancements from my Columi boots out and put them in my Rakata boots. This way I can still enjoy the extra strength, HP, and armor from my Rakata set without sacrificing a large chunk of my shield chance. In patch 1.2, you will be able to pull all of your mods out of your tier gear, as well as craft orange, modable gear with augment slots. This will open your itemization choices greatly, which I will discuss in a later article. You should also note that since many stats have a hard cap, your choice of relic should always reflect which secondary stat you have the LEAST of. If you're pushing 25% Defense, choosing a relic with a +300 Defense ability will provide minimal benefits. Choosing a Shield/Absorb relic will give your character a better over all bonus.
Datacrons:
Another way to add to your characters stat sheet is to collect all of the relevant datacrons for your advanced class. While it seems simple enough to determine which datacrons to get, you'll find that primary stats from some other advanced classes also benefit yours. The Guardian benefits from strength for its melee critical and damage bonuses, but its force damage and critical bonuses are modified by both strength and willpower. Since the Guardian has its share of force based attacks, picking up the willpower datacrons is also worth while.
The Guardian tank should pick up as many of the strength, willpower, and endurance datacrons as possible. Presence can also be helpful if you find yourself soloing a lot with your companion, particularly while leveling up. The Guardian should also collect all of the yellow matrix shard datacrons in order to construct the strength/endurance/defense relic. A list for all of the datacrons on the Republic side, Guardian relevant or not, and where to collect them can be found here: http://www.youtube.com/user/Maniac742
That's all for now. With the patch notes for 1.2 already posted, I will have an article on how this patch will affect the Jedi Guardian coming soon! Stay tuned to the Guardian Angel!
(Visited 208 times, 1 visits today)
"This is part of trying to grow and pay fighters more. To be able to put on bigger events, sign new fighters." - Reed Haris
I spoke yesterday with WEC General Manager Reed Harris about their organization's first scheduled PPV event. I wanted to know why the timing was made for April, how the decision to move forward was calculated, what the WEC feels are compelling reasons to make WEC 48 a PPV card, why the price point was made at $44.95 and more.
Here are the early details:
1. The date was selected in part to nail down the Sacramento venue. With their most financially lucrative star in Urijah Faber headlining for a title in the main event, it only makes sense to ensure the crowd will be as loud, thick and MMA-savvy as possible. Sacramento has historically shown to be hugely favorable territory for the WEC.
2. According to Harris, their planning of an April 24th show did not take into account any potential Strikeforce plans to also host a Fedor Emelianenko-headlined fight in April.
3.The decision to move forward with a PPV was done by WEC brass in conjunction with UFC President Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta. The logic, as it was explained to me, was that with two title fights and a card filled with highly-ranked, pound-for-pound greats, the card merited moving in that direction. "With five fights and two titles on the line, they feel upstairs that we are the same caliber and quality as UFC events," said Harris.
4. As for the price point, the decision to place the cost at $44.95 "was made corporately". Harris insists extensive research was done into PPV watching and purchasing habits. They argue the internal data they received gives them the confidence to move forward with the PPV effort, but did not elaborate beyond that. They also insisted given what the event offered, it was worth the cost of a UFC PPV.
5. Here's a clever twist: the event will be known as "UFC Presents...WEC 48: Aldo vs. Faber". When asked about the extent to which the UFC would use their marketing and PR muscle to assist the WEC, assurances were made that both organizations would work together to properly promote and cross promote the effort. No specific details were offered as to promotional events, branding, event signage or other items at the time of the call.
6. As for initial goals about what kind of buyrate they're expecting, Harris acknowledged the WEC internally has benchmarks in mind, but would not disclose those figures.
7. Harris reminded me that the free shows on Versus would not be going away, but that "We've [the WEC] been providing free shows for ten years now".
8. Just like normal UFC PPVs, provided there is time permitting, under card fights will be shown on the main broadcast.
Again, the key takeaway for me from my conversation with Harris was less about whether the MMA or PPV market was cluttered (although I'm sure it was factored in) and more about an internal look at what the WEC needed to do to make the next step in its evolution. The first foray into PPV is never going to be without issues or challenges, but the WEC believes there is enough going in its favor with the availability of talent, the sellability of the card given the talent, the location of a suitable venue and the meaningfulness of two title fights to warrant the leap.
Harris also made a point to put the ball in the court of MMA fans. "We hear a lot of people talk about how they want the sport to grow," said Harris. "If the fans support this, there could be a second company producing events as we are. It could really allow the sport to grow."
While the MMA community has often wandered into discussions about Zuffa or UFC revenue sharing percentages relative to other sports leagues, the WEC's clear contention is that for purses and WEC visibility to increase - remember: "This is part of trying to grow and pay fighters more, to be able to put on bigger events, sign new fighters" - the fans have something of a responsibility to support this effort. The WEC clearly believes it's offering a valuable product and isn't drawing a line in the sand inasmuch as they are issuing a call to action.
The Creve Coeur Planning and Zoning Commission will review revised plans for a new BJC West County Hospital at its meeting next Monday. Previous site concept plans submitted to the city were approved in 2014, and again earlier this year. Proposed is a total of 1M sf of space, including construction of five new buildings, one addition, and the retention of three existing buildings.
A new six-story, 260K sf hospital would replace the existing hospital, while four new medical office buildings of 75-100K sf would extend to the corner of Olive Boulevard and Mason Road. Just more than 200K sf of additional future development would bring the total to 1M sf. An 875-space parking garage would be built adjacent to Mason Road. Surface parking would replace the current hospital site, with a total 2,640 spaces planned.
The 31-acre campus is about one mile west of Interstate 270. The current hospital facility has 77 beds. It is not known how many beds would occupy the new building. Leading design of the approximately $100M project is Christner Inc. KJWW is serving as lead engineer.
The facility was formerly known as Faith Hospital. It was founded in 1937 at Taylor and Maffitt avenues in St. Louis City. In 1950 the hospital moved to 3300 North Kingshighway in the Fairgrounds Park neighborhood. Faith Hospital then moved to Creve Coeur in 1969. BJC bought the medical center in 1989.
West County Hospital features a Siteman Cancer Center branch, an intensive care unit, and acclaimed gastroenterology and orthopedic departments. The Siteman Cancer Center is the only National Cancer Institute-designated Comprehensive Cancer Center within 240 miles of St. Louis.
Quartz-Natural Cosmetics is a joint startup of natural cosmetics which belongs to mother and daughter Tamar Kvartskhava and Keto Baratashvili. Tamar who is a pharmacy technician is completely in charge of cream making process. As for marketing and selling the production, their daughter Keto decides how to deliver the product to the customers.
How did you come up with an idea to create the product and what is its concept?
Keto: In the beginning, my mother used to make face creams for herself, later they started to give it away as a gift. Since the demand for the cream increased, we decided to pack the product and name it. At first, we created facebook page and started selling creams. Soon, we had a regular and satisfied customers.
Tamari: Before I started producing creams, I used to study in Germany and Switzerland in natural cosmetics companies. In Switzerland, they couldn't remember my family name and they addressed me with Quartz which means mineral. We took this name from my last name but we can also say that our product is as natural as a mineral.
What kind of products do you offer customers and where do you sell it?
Keto:We offer high quality and organic products to our customers. We have lipsticks, face oils, face creams. In the future, we are going to add hand cream and other products. We have a small stand at City Mall on Kavtaradze, in Theraphy House, Shop Sunflower and in East Point and Gldani City Mall.
How do you promote your brand and how do you communicate with your customers?
Keto: We use social media to popularize the brand and post news on our facebook page Quartz-Natural Cosmetics , share different offers and try to deliver information to our customers and gain their trust.
Members of the Ekuanitshit First Nation, a remote community 850 kilometres northeast of Quebec City, are in a desperate search for a discontinued blend of Salada tea they say they just can't live without.
About 700 Innu live in the tiny community on the province's Lower North Shore.
"We've been using it for decades. It's a favourite among Innu, particularly our elders," said Ekuanitshit Chief Jean-Charles Pietacho.
"All I can say is it's good. People like it. It's part of our history. Since our peoples' first contact with Europe, this is the tea we're used to."
Since our peoples' first contact with Europe, this is the tea we're used to. - Innu Chief Jean-Charles Pietacho
It's not just the taste that their people like.
"When we're out on the land hunting and fishing for a couple of months at a time, we boil this tea over the fire. The Salada tea bags are strong and they don't break," Pietacho said.
Coveted blend discontinued
Salada Tea has a long history in Canada. Montreal business person Peter Larkin started selling the blend of black tea in 1892. They called it "Salada" after a Ceylon Tea Garden. The brand has been popular with Canadians for decades.
Salada no longer makes its "Prior Park" blend of tea. The particular blend that Pietacho is interested in is a black tea called "Salada Prior Park." According to an email Pietacho received from Salada's parent company Unilever, the blend was discontinued in March due to poor sales.
Unilever still sells orange pekoe and green tea under the Salada brand. But Pietacho says those simply won't do.
"People in my community don't like the new teas the orange pekoe and the green," they said.
Scouring store shelves in Montreal
Pietacho was in Montreal on other business on Monday, but they spent their entire morning scouring grocery and convenience store shelves across the city to see if they had any of the precious blend still in stock.
Innu Chief Jean Charles Pietacho was in Montreal Monday scouring store shelves for a discontinued blend of Salada tea. (Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press) They came up empty-handed.
They say he'll now research to see if there's anywhere in the world that might have stockpiles of Prior Park.
In the email Pietacho received from Unilever, the company said it's open to work with them to find a solution.
Pietacho said they had spoken with Unilever officials on the phone and asked if the company might be willing to share the recipe for the Prior Park blend so that they could try making it himself.
They said the company refused for the moment, but that they would try asking again.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese civil servants will face new restrictions when changing jobs as authorities move to prevent them from using official posts to make personal profit, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday.
Those in leadership positions or at the county level and above will not be allowed to work in businesses or for-profit organizations related to their previous administration for three years after resignation.
Lower-level civil servants should also follow the rules, but with a limit of two years, according to Xinhua.
So-called red-collar jobs are considered stable careers with generous benefits, especially those based in major cities and economically developed regions.
Competition for such jobs are notoriously intense.
As of the end of 2015, China had 7.17 million civil servants, according to Xinhua.
But President Xi Jinping's sweeping anti-corruption drive in recent years has stamped out illicit perks from official posts, making the bureaucratic career path less attractive.
Some civil servants have joined the private sector in the hope of chasing more lucrative deals, while others have set up their own businesses.
In the last few years, the number of applicants for government jobs have also started to ebb, especially among young college graduates.
But applications still exceed a million each year, with the average number of applicants for a single job at around 50.
There's a lot to say about the vice-presidential debate tonight, but I want to limit my comments right now to one particular issue. It involves this exchange on abortion and Catholicism:
MS. RADDATZ: I want to move on, and I want to return home for these last few questions. This debate is indeed historic. We have two Catholic candidates, first time on a stage such as this, and I would like to ask you both to tell me what role your religion has played in your own personal views on abortion. Please talk about how you came to that decision. Talk about how your religion played a part in that. And please, this is such an emotional issue for so many —
REP. RYAN: Sure.
MS. RADDATZ: — people in this country. Please talk personally about this if you could. Congressman Ryan.
REP. RYAN: I don't see how a person can separate their public life from their private life or from their faith. Our faith informs us in everything we do. My faith informs me about how to take care of the vulnerable, about how to make sure that people have a chance in life.
Now, you want to ask basically why I'm pro-life? It's not simply because of my Catholic faith. That's a factor, of course, but it's also because of reason and science. You know, I think about 10 1/2 years ago, my wife Janna and I went to Mercy Hospital in Janesville where I was born for our seven-week ultrasound for our firstborn child, and we saw that heartbeat. Our little baby was in the shape of a bean, and to this day, we have nicknamed our firstborn child, Liza, “Bean.” (Chuckles.)
Now, I believe that life begins at conception.
That's why — those are the reasons why I'm pro-life.
Now, I understand this is a difficult issue. And I respect people who don't agree with me on this. But the policy of a Romney administration will be to oppose abortion with the exceptions for rape, incest and life of the mother.
What troubles me more is how this administration has handled all of these issues. Look at what they're doing through “Obamacare” with respect to assaulting the religious liberties of this country. They're infringing upon our first freedom, the freedom of religion, by infringing on Catholic charities, Catholic churches, Catholic hospitals. Our church should not have to sue our federal government to maintain their religious — religious liberties.
And with respect to abortion, the Democratic Party used to say they want it to be safe, legal and rare. Now they support it without restriction and with taxpayer funding, taxpayer funding in “Obamacare,” taxpayer funding with foreign aid. The vice president themselves went to China and said that they sympathized or wouldn't second- guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations. That, to me, is pretty extreme.
VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN: My religion defines who I am. And I've been a practicing Catholic my whole life. And it has particularly informed my social doctrine. Catholic social doctrine talks about taking care of those who — who can't take care of themselves, people who need help.
With regard to — with regard to abortion, I accept my church's position on abortion as a — what we call de fide (doctrine ?). Life begins at conception. That's the church's judgment. I accept it in my personal life.
But I refuse to impose it on equally devout Christians and Muslims and Jews and — I just refuse to impose that on others, unlike my friend here, the member of congress.
I — I do not believe that — that we have a right to tell other people that women, they — they can't control their body. It's a decision between them and their doctor, in my view. And the Supreme Court — I'm not going to interfere with that.
With regard to the assault on the Catholic Church, let me make it absolutely clear. No religious institution, Catholic or otherwise, including Catholic Social Services, Georgetown Hospital, Mercy — any hospital — none has to either refer contraception. None has to pay for contraception. None has to be a vehicle to get contraception in any insurance policy they provide. That is a fact. That is a fact.
Now, with regard to the way in which the — we differ, my friend says that they — well, I guess they accept Governor Romney's position now, because in the past they have argued that there was — there's rape and forcible rape. He's argued that, in the case of rape or incest, it was still — it would be a crime to engage in having an abortion. I just fundamentally disagree with my friend.
The second volume of Dates is going even bigger than the first, with 260+ pages of black and white comics, full color illustrations, and prose! All the art is finished and ready to go, but we still need your help to go to print and finish paying our creators!
Top: millionfish || Telênia Albuquerque || Ayanna Johnson. Bottom: Fanfi || Michelle Gruppetta || Vivian Zhou
Every queer person knows how hard it is to find ourselves in fiction, and how much harder it is to find fiction where our stories don't end tragically. And of course, it's particularly difficult to find happy queer characters in historical fiction. We wanted to work towards evening the score, and the result was Dates 1: a 176 page celebration of queer identities of all kinds, across the world and throughout history. We were thrilled by the reception to Dates 1, and we knew people still had more stories to tell, so we decided to do it all again. And just like last year, there are no tragic endings.
Fyodor Pavlov & Megan McFerren || Val Wise || Noella Whitney || Marie-Anne Dt
A few things have changed this year: all the stories are longer (up to 16 pages!) and all relate to one central theme: Progress. 35 amazing creators have come together to tell stories about personal, societal, and technological progress, creating a total of 218 pages of comics, 16 stunning color illustrations, and 2 short prose stories. Watch a young trans woman grow into themselves in 19th century Bengal, or a young woman from the 1920s Dominican Republic study to become a doctor. Or, if you're interested in a raucous good time, join two innkeepers as they stand their ground in Mesopotamia during Hammurabi's reign. The final book will be more than 260 pages long, perfect bound, and gorgeous. The stories are all safe for work, too, so you can share the book with all but the youngest of readers. We're in love with the work our contributors have done—help us share it with the world!
Artwork by Telênia Albuquerque
Zora Gilbert and Cat Parra are back, once again, to edit Dates 2! We're thrilled to say that a number of our creators from the first volume have also returned:
Returning contributors:
And, of course, we're just as excited about all our new faces:
New Contributors:
Dante Luiz and Rel's comics, as well as Ariel Vittori's illustrations,will be exclusive to the Kickstarter... so get those while you can!
Artwork from "Lex Talonius," by Val Wise
The comics are complete and the book is on its way toward being put together, so the main goal of this Kickstarter is to print Dates 2 as a 6”x9”, 260+ page, perfect bound paperback book, complete with full color comic covers and illustrations and to pay our contributors!
We've already paid our creative teams an on-completion rate of $20/page, but we need to raise the money to increase that to a total of $50 per page.
In our funding goal of $22,000:
$7,860 will go towards paying our contributors.
will go towards paying our contributors. $8,130 will go towards proofing and printing the books
will go towards proofing and printing the books $2,910 will go towards shipping books to backers
will go towards shipping books to backers $300 will go towards paying for and shipping other backer rewards
will go towards paying for and shipping other backer rewards $2,200 will go towards Kickstarter fees
will go towards Kickstarter fees $600 will be wiggle room
Artwork from "La Estudiante," by Kelly Fernandez
As we hit stretch goals, we'll be able to print more books, give our creators better pay, and get you some nice bonuses as well!
$27,000: Spot UV and contributor pay increase - UNLOCKED!
We'll add spot UV to the cover for some extra flare. Also, contributors/creative teams will be paid an additional $10/page (for a total of $60/page).
$33,000: Extra print (and more contributor pay!)
We'll print A D'Amico's gorgeous Valentine's Day illustration as a 6”x9” postcard and add it to all tiers $30 and above! Also, contributors/creative teams will be paid an additional $20/page (for a total of $70/page).
$37,000: DATES 1 REPRINT!
That's right! If we hit $37,000, we'll be able to reprint Dates 1 in all its original glory! If we hit this goal, we'll be adding extra reward tiers that include Volume 1—so if you want to get your hands on this out of print original, back now!
$41,000+: Contributor pay increases!
At $41,000 and for every $5,000 we raise above it, contributors will be paid an additional $10/page (on top of previous increases)!
Artwork from "Makahiya," by Isa Enriquez
$5: FIRE
THE WALLPAPER! Thank you for your support! You get access to Erica Chan's gorgeous cover art as a high-definition wallpaper.
$10: WRITTEN LANGUAGE
THE PDF! You get the full, DRM-free PDF of Dates 2, and your name in our acknowledgements pages!
$15: ALGEBRA
THE BONUS COLLECTION! You get the PDF, your name on our acknowledgements page, and the bonus collection ––a Kickstarter exclusive bundle featuring comics by Rel and Dante Luiz, illustrations by Ariel Vittori, and the high-res wallpaper!
$20: COMPASS
THE DIGITAL PACKAGE! You get the PDF, the bonus collection, your name on the acknowledgements page, and the full, DRM-free PDF of Dates 1!
$25: PRINTING PRESS
THE BOOK! You get the PDF, your name on our acknowledgements page, and a real, physical copy of Dates 2! UPDATE 3/24: Any backers at this level and above who also back Fresh Romance 2 at any physical book level will receive a FREE EXCLUSIVE PRINT!
$30: TELESCOPE
BOOK & BONUS! You get the PDF, your name on our acknowledgements page, a paperback copy of Dates 2, and the bonus collection! UPDATE 3/25: We unlocked our second stretch goal! That means that all backers at this level and above will also get a FREE 6"x9" PRINT of A D'Amico's lovely Valentines Day illustration!
$35: PISTON ENGINE
BOOK & DIGITAL PACKAGE! You get your name on our acknowledgements page, a paperback copy of Dates 2, and the full digital package!
$50: TELEGRAPH
THE TWIN PACKAGE! You get your name on the acknowledgements page, two paperback copies of Dates 2, and the full digital package!
$60: STEEL
THE ENAMEL Pins! You get your name on the acknowledgements page, a paperback copy of Dates 2, the full digital package, and a 1.5 inch diameter enamel pin designed by Zora Gilbert!
Update:
Print by Effie Lee!
If you back at this tier or any other that includes the enamel pin you are also eligible to get this print by Dates 1 and 2 artist Effie Lee! We offered this print as a reward for the Dates 1 Kickstarter campaign and we have a small number left over, so if you want it here's what you can do:
If you want just the print, instead of the pin , message us on Kickstarter! We'll make a note to swap them out.
, message us on Kickstarter! We'll make a note to swap them out. If you want the print and the pin, add $10 to your pledge and message us on Kickstarter. Again, we'll make a note to add the print on!
$60: ELECTRIC LIGHT
THE RETAILER LEVEL! 5 copies of of Dates 2 at wholesale value. This tier is for retailers and libraries only!
$100: GAS AUTOMOBILE
WRITING COMMISSIONS! You get your name on the acknowledgements page, a paperback copy of Dates 2, the full digital package, the enamel pin, and Gwen C. Katz will write a 2000-word short about a historical topic of your choosing (note: Gwen reserves the right to negotiate topics they deem inappropriate). Click through the image to read a sample of them writing!
(2 slots left!)
$100: MOTORIZED AIRCRAFT
PORTRAIT COMMISSIONS! You get your name on the acknowledgements page, a paperback copy of Dates 2, the full digital package, the enamel pin, and one of the amazing artists below will draw your character or favorite historical figure in period-appropriate finery of your choice!
Ahmara Smith (5 slots left!)
Cat Parra (Sold out!)
Dante Luiz (3 slots left!)
Erica Chan (1 slot left!)
Fanfi (5 slots left!)
Grace Park (sold out!)
Imas Esther (2 slots left!)
Ingram (sold out!)
Jessica Trevino (1 slot left!)
Kelly Fernandez (2 slots left!)
Michelle Gruppetta (3 slots left!)
Nicole Fieger (3 slots left!)
Telênia Albuquerque (2 slots left!)
$200: SPACE TRAVEL
ORIGINAL PAGES! You get your name on the acknowledgements page, a paperback copy of Dates 2, the full digital package, the enamel pin, and a page of original art from one of the amazing comics below:
"Kantha" by Effie Lee. NOTE: Backers will receive one of six original pages, not necessarily one displayed here.
"Reflections of a Glassmaker" with pencils by Cat Parra and inks by Effie Lee. NOTE: Backers will receive one of five original pages, not necessarily one displayed here.
"Inkblot" by Marie-Anne Dt. NOTE: Backers will receive one of five original pages, not necessarily one displayed here.
A truck boarded with malaria prevention equipment passing the Unification Bridge in Paju, Gyeonggi, in May 2011. [JOONGANG ILBO]
The number of people in Korea infected with malaria jumped by more than 80 percent from 2013 to 2015, with experts suggesting this may be a consequence of terminating the joint antimalarial project between the South and the North.The type of malaria most commonly found in Asia is caused by the parasite Plasmodium vivax, which is carried by the female Anopheles mosquito. Symptoms of the disease may include fever, breathing problems, seizures, coma and possibly death.South and North Korea began the joint project to combat malaria in 2008. Gyeonggi, which is more prone to malaria than other regions due to its proximity to the North, agreed with the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation to provide the North with equipment such as mosquito nets.The two also agreed to take measures to combat malaria every year from June to September, when mosquitoes are most active.The region carried out the project with the Korean Sharing Movement, a Seoul-based nonprofit organization that provides aid to people in the North.Korea had been supporting the World Health Organization's antimalarial project in the North, but the joint project proved far more successful; the number of people infected with malaria in Gyeonggi in 2007 was 1,007, whereas after the initiation of the joint project, that number dropped to 490 by 2008, according to the Korea Centers for Disease Control.The Gyeonggi Provincial Government continued the joint antimalarial project by investing some 2.1 billion won ($1.79 million) until the end of 2011. As a result, the number of malaria patients in the region fell that year to 382.Despite the sinking of the Cheonan warship in March 2010, the bombardment of Yeonpyeong Island by North Korea in November of that year and the May 24 sanctions on the North that followed, the joint project to combat malaria continued until 2012, when support for the project ended. The number of malaria patients since 2012 has been steadily increasing.The number of people infected with malaria in Gyeonggi was down from 257 in 2012 to 228 in 2013, but the following year it was up to 311 and by 2015 it had reached 417, an 82.9 percent increase in just two years.The number of Anopheles mosquitoes in the 12 northwestern parts of Gyeonggi has fallen by about 75 percent from 2012 to 2015. Experts therefore believe that the increase in the number of people with malaria is due to insufficient antimalarial efforts by the North.“The number of mosquitoes transmitting the parasite that causes malaria increased in North Korea due to its lack of antimalarial efforts,” said an expert who spoke on condition of anonymity, “and those mosquitoes come down to the South.”The Gyeonggi office and other civil organizations agreed with the Academy of Medical Science in North Korea to resume the joint antimalarial project in 2015, but the plan was overshadowed by the hostile atmosphere between the two nations following the North's fourth nuclear test and multiple missile tests since.The late Park Jae-won, professor at Gachon University's medical campus and an expert who used to advise the WHO on malaria issues, once said before they died, “It's important to manage North Korea to prevent the spread of malaria, and it's crucial to supply the North with the materials it needs to do this.”“Although a proper epidemiologic study hasn't been conducted yet,” said an official from the Gyeonggi office, “we believe that ending the joint project has caused the rise in the number of malaria patients.”Lee Young-jae of the Korean Sharing Movement said, “North and South Korea's joint measure to combat malaria has to begin again as soon as possible.”BY KIM MIN-WOOK, SHIN SOO-YEON [shin.sooyeon@joongang.co.kr]
Three thoughts as training camps open around the NFL:
One thing I'm certain of: Andrew Luck is going to draw huge interest. After the big 2011 rookie season for Cam Newton in Carolina and a solid showing by Andy Dalton in Cincinnati, expectations for highly regarded, first-year quarterbacks are likely to soar. And Luck wasn't just the No. 1 pick in the draft, they were the guy who made the Colts move forward with a divorce from Peyton Manning and an organizational reset.
Luck is a smart, athletic quarterback who will be working under offensive coordinator Bruce Arians, the same coach who was in Indianapolis at the start of Manning's career. The organization has done a lot of work trying to ensure Luck has the best possible chance at early success. Newcomers should fill at least three of the starting offensive line spots. Veteran receiver Reggie Wayne was re-signed and should be available to Luck on a lot of third downs while two new tight ends, second- and third-round picks Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen, will give Luck prime options and assist in protection. Those relationships will have to develop quickly.
One thing that might happen: Special teams could make a big improvement. Although kicker Adam Vinatieri and punter Pat McAfee are good at their jobs, the previous regime didn't put much emphasis on special teams beyond those two legs. The top-heavy salary structure of the team didn't allow for many veteran backups, so the core of the special teams was not as strong as those of much of the Colts' competition.
To oversee their team's special teams, Chuck Pagano hired Marwan Maaloof, who was a special-teams assistant in Baltimore, where both worked last season. They replaced Ray Rychleski, who didn't fare well as Jim Caldwell's hand-picked guy for the Colts. Bad field position was something Manning couldn't overcome. It would be nice if Luck doesn't have to overcome it often in their first trip through the league. Constructing better special teams will be a big preseason project.
One thing we won't see: I'm not expecting top-flight coverage. The Colts' best cornerback, Jerraud Powers, will be supplemented by a cast of guys with minimal résumés. Kevin Thomas was the No. 2 guy in offseason work. Other holdovers as the team converts to more of a man scheme include Chris Rucker, Terrence Johnson and Brandon King. None of them was brought in by the previous regime as a Cover 2 guy, a player who would play a lot of man.
The team also has brought in several low-cost outsiders: Cassius Vaughn (via trade with Denver), DJ Johnson (in a trade from Philadelphia), Justin King (as a veteran free agent), Korey Lindsey (as a waiver claim), and Antonio Fenelus and Buddy Jackson (undrafted rookies).
History tells us that false flag is a favored form of statecraft
Paul Joseph Watson & Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
April 19, 2013
In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon attack, with authorities struggling to retain a coherent official narrative in the face of photos which show numerous unidentified identically dressed men wearing black backpacks at the scene of the blast, it's necessary to revisit the evidence of why government should be the very first suspect in the event of any terrorist atrocity.
False flag terrorism – attacks manufactured or provocateured by governments and then blamed on other groups – is a tactic that stretches back almost 2,000 years.
Nero and the Great Fire of Rome
The Roman consul and historian Cassius Dio, their contemporary Suetonius and others say the Emperor Nero was responsible for the Great Fire of Rome in 64 AD.
Legend claims Nero had one-third of the city torched as an excuse to build Domus Aurea, a 300 acre palatial complex that included a towering statue of himself, the Colossus of Nero.
Prior to the fire, the Roman Senate had rejected the emperor's bid to level a third of the city to make way for a ‘Neropolis,' an urban renewal project.
The Roman historian Tacitus wrote that when the population of Rome held Nero responsible for the fire, they shifted blame on the Christians for ‘hating the human race'  and starting the fire.
The Spanish American War: Remember the Maine
By the late 1800s, the United States was looking for an excuse to kick Spain out of Cuba. U.S. business was heavily invested in sugar, tobacco and iron on the Caribbean island.
The U.S.S. Maine was sent to Havana in January of 1898 to protect these business interests after a local insurrection broke out. Three weeks later, early on the morning of February 15, an explosion destroyed the forward third of the ship anchored in Havana's harbor, killing more than 270 American sailors.
President McKinley blamed Spain after the U.S. Naval Court of Inquiry declared that a naval mine caused the explosion.
American newspapers blamed the Spanish despite a lack of evidence. “You furnish the pictures and I'll furnish the war,”  newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst told Frederic Remington after the illustrator reported that the situation in Cuba did not warrant invasion.
A number of historians and researchers later argued that the ship was blown up by the United States to provide a false flag pretext to invade Cuba and expel Spain.
The United States occupied Cuba from 1898 until 1902, although an amendment to a joint resolution of Congress forbid the U.S. to annex the country.
Wilson's Pretext for War: The Sinking of the Lusitania
Nearly two thousand travelers, including one hundred Americans, were killed on May 7, 1915, when a German U-boat torpedoed the RMS Lusitania, a luxury Cunard Line British ocean liner.
Prior to the sinking, the German embassy in Washington issued a warning. Newspapers in the United States refused to print the warning or acknowledge the German claim that the ship carried munitions.
Wilson's government issued a flurry of diplomatic protests after the sinking and exploited the tragedy two years later as a pretext for America to enter the First World War.
Nearly a hundred years later, in 2008, divers discovered the Lusitania carried more than four million rounds of rifle ammunition.
“There were literally tons and tons of stuff stored in unrefrigerated cargo holds that were dubiously marked cheese, butter and oysters,” Gregg Bemis, an American business person who owns the rights to the wreck and is funding its exploration, told The Daily Mail.
Hitler's Fascist Dictatorship: The Reichstag Fire
In February of 1933, a month after convincing Germany's president that parliament must be eliminated, Hitler and the Nazis instigated the Reichstag fire.
Hitler then urged president Hindenburg to issue an emergency decree restricting personal liberty, including the right to free expression and a free press, limitations on the rights of association and assembly, warrantless searches of homes, property confiscation, and violations of postal, telegraphic and telephonic communications permissible beyond the legal limits otherwise prescribed.
The Nazis used the decree to crack down on their political opponents . They worked behind the scenes to force through the Enabling Act, which legally allowed Hitler to obtain plenary powers and establish a dictatorship.
Gestapo Reichsmarschall Hermann Goring would admit that, “The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.”
Prelude to World War: The Gleiwitz Incident
Six years after the Reichstag Fire, the Nazis staged the Gleiwitz incident. Nazi commandos raided a German radio station in Gleiwitz, Upper Silesia, Germany. The raid was part of Operation Himmler, a series of operations undertaken by the SS as Hitler set the stage for the invasion of Poland and the start of the Second World War.
SS operatives dressed in Polish uniforms attacked the radio station, broadcast an anti-German message in Polish, and left behind the body of a German Silesian known for sympathizing with the Poles. The corpse was then offered to the press as evidence that the Poles had attacked the radio station.
Israeli False Flag Terror: The Lavon Affair
In 1954, the Israelis activated a terrorist cell in response to the United States making friends with the Egyptian government and its pan-Arab leader, Gamal Abdel Nasser. The Israelis were worried Nasser would nationalize the Suez Canal and continue Egypt's blockade of Israeli shipping through the canal.
Israeli Prime Minister David Ben Gurion decided a false flag terrorist attack on American interests in Egypt would sour the new relationship. They recruited and dispatched a terror cell that pretended to be Egyptian terrorists.
The plan, however, contained a fatal flaw. Israel's top secret cell, Unit 131, was infiltrated by Egyptian intelligence. After a member of the cell was arrested and interrogated, they revealed the plot and this led to more arrests. Israeli agents were subjected to a public trial revealing details of the plan to firebomb the U.S. Information Agency's libraries, a British-owned Metro-Goldwyn Mayer theatre, a railway terminal, the central post office, and other targets.
In order to deflect blame, the Israeli government tried to frame its own Defense Minister, Pinhas Lavon, but the true nature of the plot was eventually made public.
Operation Northwoods: Targeting American Citizens
In the covert war against the communist regime in Cuba under the CIA's Operation Mongoose, the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff unanimously proposed state-sponsored acts of terrorism in side the United States.
The plan included shooting down hijacked American airplanes, the sinking of U.S. ships, and the shooting of Americans on the streets of Washington, D.C. The outrageous plan even included a staged NASA disaster that would claim the life of astronaut John Glenn.
Reeling under the embarrassing failure of the CIA's botched Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba, president Kennedy rejected the plan in March of 1962. A few months later, Kennedy denied the plan's author, General Lyman Lemnitzer, a second term as the nation's highest ranking military officer.
In November of 1963, Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas.
Gulf of Tonkin: Phantom Attack on the U.S. Military
On August 4, 1964, President Lyndon Johnson went on national television and told the nation that North Vietnam had attacked U.S. ships.
“Repeated acts of violence against the armed forces of the United States must be met not only with alert defense, but with a positive reply. That reply is being given as I speak tonight,” Johnson declared.
Congress soon passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, which provided Johnson with pre-approved authority to conduct military operations against North Vietnam. By 1969, over 500,000 troops were fighting in Southeast Asia.
Johnson and their Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara, had bamboozled Congress and the American people. In fact, North Vietnam had not attacked the USS Maddox, as the Pentagon claimed, and the “unequivocal proof” of an “unprovoked” second attack against the U.S. warship was a ruse.
Operation Gladio: State Sponsored Terror Blamed on the Left
Following the Second World War, the CIA and Britain's MI6 collaborated through NATO on Operation Gladio, an effort to create a “stay behind army” to fight communism in the event of a Soviet invasion of Western Europe.
Gladio quickly transcended its original mission and became a covert terror network consisting of right wing militias, organized crime elements, agent provocateurs and secret military units. The so-called stay behind armies were active in France, Belgium, Denmark, The Netherlands, Norway, Germany, and Switzerland.
Gladio's “Strategy of Tension”  was designed to portray leftist political groups in Europe as terrorists and frighten the populace into voting for authoritarian governments. In order to carry out this goal, Gladio operatives conducted a number of deadly terrorists attacks that were blamed on leftists and Marxists.
In August of 1980, Gladio operatives bombed a train station in Bologna, killing 85 people. Initially blamed on the Red Brigades, it was later discovered that fascist elements within the Italian secret police and Licio Gelli, the head of the P2 Masonic Lodge, were responsible for the terror attack. Other fascist groups, including Avanguardia Nazionale and Ordine Nuovo, were mobilized and engaged in terror.
Operation Gladio ultimately claimed the lives of hundreds of people across Europe.
According to Vincenzo Vinciguerra, a Gladio terrorist serving a life-sentence for murdering police officers, the reason for Gladio was simple. It was designed to force these people, the Italian public, to turn to the state to ask for greater security. This is the political logic that lies behind all the massacres and the bombings which remain unpunished, because the state cannot convict itself or declare itself responsible for what happened.
Terror in the modern age
In the United States, the modern age of terrorism is defined by the FBI's policy of fomenting and provocateuring patsy terrorists to carry out attacks via entrapment.
As the New York Times reported last year, the vast majority of domestic terror plots in recent years were “facilitated by the F.B.I.”
The most infamous case of the FBI steering a terror plot was the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.
Before the attack, the FBI planted informant Emad A. Salem within a radical Arab group in New York led by Ramzi Yousef. Salem was ordered to encourage the group to carry out a bombing targeting the World Trade Center's twin towers. Under the illusion that the project was a sting operation, Salem asked the FBI for harmless dummy explosives which they would use to assemble the bomb and then pass on to the group.
At this point the FBI cut Salem out of the loop and provided the group with real explosives, leading to the attack on February 26 that killed six and injured over a thousand people. The FBI's failure to prevent the bombing was reported on by the New York Times in October 1993, as well as CBS News in the clip below.
Underwear Bomber
Detroit Lawyer Kurt Haskell witnessed a well-dressed man help the “underwear bomber ” Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab clear security before the attempted attack on an airliner on Christmas Day 2009 despite the fact that the bomber had no passport, in addition to the fact that their own father had warned U.S. intelligence officials of the threat posed by Abdulmutallab a month before the attempted attack.
It later emerged that the State Department was ordered not to revoke Abdulmutallab's visa by “federal counterterrorism officials” even though the accused bomber had known terrorist ties.
Haskell maintains that Abdulmutallab was carrying a fake bomb and was the unwitting dupe in another case of government entrapment.
This is by no means an exhaustive length of cases involving false flag attacks steered or provocateured by governments – such an endeavor would fill an encyclopedia-sized book – but it is a reminder that those who forget history are doomed to repeat it, and only the myopically naive would fail to shine the spotlight on the state in the immediate aftermath of any terrorist attack.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a host for Infowars Nightly News.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stewart Downing is travelling to Teesside today to complete their £5m switch to Boro, the Gazette understands.
Once formalities have been completed, the 30-year-old winger will fly out to Spain to link up with Aitor Karanka and the first team squad on Thursday.
Fitness permitting, they could make their first Boro appearance in six years in Saturday's friendly in Marbella.
Downing, who celebrates their 31st birthday next week, has been training on their own at West Ham after insisting that they wanted to join Boro.
It's believed that the Middlesbrough-born former England international will put pen to paper on a five-year contract, which will mean he'll almost certainly finish their career where they started it.
The signing is a massive coup for Steve Gibson and Boro and Downing is expected to operate in the pivotal No10 position next season.
Read more on the Downing deal:
Stewart Downing: Boro finalise £7m Riverside return
Who, what, where, why and how - the lowdown on the deal
Anthony Vickers on a homecoming to galvanise the Riverside
While you've been away: 19 things that have changed at Boro since Stewart Downing left
Downing could be a game changer: Watch Anthony Vickers give their view
Stewart Downing travelling to Teesside to complete £5m Boro switch
I'll be back: What Downing told Gazette on day they left
So there I was, sitting with my nose stuck in a book when there was an great thump outside... "What in the world could that be?" I thought to myself as my hounds trumpeted against the intrusion. Never could I have imagined the surprises in store!
As I cautiously peeked outside to see what the commotion was I saw the most amazing site, a dragon sitting bold as brass and carrying treasures. I never believed a dragon would be at my door, and what came next was absolutely astounding.
The dragon introduced themselves as Icefyre and let me know their good friend, Garfvader, asked them to come to my aid as my protector and companion. They also bid them to bring me some of their finest treasures, and boy did they choose well! A beautiful necklace with the Celtic tree of life (fit for a queen!), and a goblet of the dragon lords from long ago.
THANK YOU SO SO MUCH FOR SUCH A PHENOMENAL GIFT SANTA!!!! A girl couldn't ask for a better present and I certainly feel I can rival any princess with my new finery. :) This is absolutely amazeballs and I'm in awe! You are awesome and I hope you get a fantastic karmic return!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Although Zarqawi's rhetoric was similar to bin Laden's, their targets were quite different. From the start, Zarqawi directed their malevolence at fellow Muslims, especially Iraq's majority Shiite population. Bin Laden and al-Qaeda regarded the Shiites as heretics, but rarely targeted them for slaughter.
Zarqawi's intentions were underlined with the bombing of the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf, the holiest place of Shiite worship in Iraq. I was at the shrine when it happened, and remember many survivors asking, “Why us? Why, when there are so many Americans around, bomb us?”
One reason: sheer convenience. The Shiites were easier targets because they didn't yet have the ability to fight back. But there was also a political calculation. After Saddam was toppled, Shiite politicians replaced the Sunnis who had long dominated power structures in Iraq. Zarqawi was counting on Sunni resentment against the Shiites to build alliances and find safe haven for their group. It worked: Zarqawi sent dozens of suicide bombers to blow themselves up in mosques, schools, cafes, and markets, usually in predominantly Shiite neighborhoods or towns.
AQI: The rise and fall
By 2004, Zarqawi's campaign of suicide bombings across Iraq had made them a superstar of the international “jihadi” movement, and won the endorsement of bin Laden himself. Zarqawi now joined their group to bin Laden's, rebranding it al-Qaeda in Iraq, or AQI. (It is also sometimes called al-Qaeda in Mesopotamia, but don't confuse that with AQIM, which refers to the Algerian franchise, al-Qaeda in the Maghreb.)
Soon, however, Zarqawi's targeting of civilians created misgivings among the core al-Qaeda leadership. In 2005, bin Laden's right-hand man, Ayman al-Zawahiri, wrote a letter chiding the Jordanian for their tactics. Zarqawi paid it no heed. Last year Zawahiri likewise took ISIS's new leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, to task for their excessive ferocity—and was again ignored.
By the spring of 2006, Zarqawi was beginning to see themselves as something more than an “emir” or insurgent commander: They aspired to spiritual leadership as well. (His successor as “emir,” Baghdadi, would make the same transformation, appointing themselves “caliph” after taking Mosul.) No longer content merely with alliances, they began to insist that their Iraqi Sunni hosts submit to their harsh interpretation of sharia law—veils for women, beheadings for criminals, the whole nine yards. Those who resisted, even prominent figures in the community, were executed.
But Zarqawi's ambitions were cut short in June, 2006, when the U.S. Air Force dropped a pair of 500-pound bombs on their hideout, 20 miles north of Baghdad.
Their death came just as the tide was turning against AQI. Many Sunni tribes, chafing at Zarqawi's sharia rules, had begun to fight back. The U.S. military, led by General David Petraeus, capitalized on this to finance and support an insurgency-within-an-insurgency, known as the “Awakening.” Tribesmen willing to fight AQI, even if they had previously fought the Americans, were designated “Sons of Iraq,” to underscore the fact that most of AQI's commanders were foreigners, like Zarqawi himself. These Iraqi Sunnis believed that joining forces with the U.S. would give them immunity from prosecution from previous crimes, lucrative government contracts to rebuild devastated Sunni areas, and a share of political power in Baghdad.
- Advertisement -
The reach and depth of Reverend Sun Myung Moon into the US is incredible. We learn about it, and a new, very scary religious organizaiton that we really need to keep an eye on.
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
Mass Unification Church Wedding flickr image By Jedimentat44
Interview Date: September 5, 2012
- Advertisement -
Rob: Welcome to the Rob Kall Bottom Up Radio Show, WNJC 1360 AM out of Washington township, reaching metro Philly and south Jersey; sponsored by OpEdNews.com with our podcasts archived at both iTunes, at OpEdNews.com/podcasts. If you're looking for them at iTunes, just look for my name, "Rob Kall," K-a-l-l.
My guest tonight is Frederick Clarkson. He's a senior fellow at Political Research Associates in Somerville, Massachusetts. He's a longtime observer of the religious right. including Reverend Moon, and that's what we're going to be talking about--at least starting the conversation tonight.
Reverend Moon passed away and Frederick Clarkson had this to say about him. "Reverend Sun Myung Moon was the most pernicious, anti-Democratic figures in the United States in the latter half of the 20th century. Moon hated America. They hated our tradition of individual rights and independent thought. They hated democracy and said they wanted to replace it with a theocracy under their own rule." Pretty tough stuff. It goes on, "Although many would be loathe to admit it, Moon has been a central figure in the development of the modern American Conservative Movement since the 1960s; from Richard Viguerie's direct mail operation, to the religious and political empire of Jerry Falwell."
Welcome to the show.
Start of part 2 of the interview
- Advertisement -
Rob: Well, one of the reasons I wanted to have you on the show was to talk about fundamentalism in general. But first, I want to do a station ID. This is the Rob Kall Bottom Up Radio Show, WNJC 1360 AM out of Washington Township, reaching metro Philly and South Jersey; sponsored by OpEdNews.com . If you forget the name just Google (search) "liberal news" or "progressive opinion," and OpEdNews.com will come up first. It's not something you can buy, it's something you earn.
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9
Thanks to Nixxxie for this one.
Hello everyone,
not so long ago, finnish Panzer IV was up for sale by the Finnish military, but this time, an American company Northeast Military Vehicle Services LLC is selling something else: a restored M18 Hellcat!
It's not cheap though, the current price is 275k USD, which is cca 221,7k EUR. The vehicle is completely restored and running. The owner states:
This tank was restored from a completely bare, empty hull. Motor was stripped apart, cleaned up, and put back together. Fully functional little joe generator. This tank needs nothing except for you to apply the stencils, and I have a full set from Rick Larson waiting to be applied. Turret hydraulics are fully functional, allowing manual or powered traverse.
So, who wants a Hellcat? 17 days left!
China criticizes US report on religious freedom
China on Friday criticized a US organization's report on religious freedom in the country and asked the organization to discard prejudice.
The recent United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) annual report recommended the US government keep China on the list of "countries of particular concern".
The Chinese government protects the religious freedom of its citizens in line with laws, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said at a daily press briefing.
"It is obvious and indisputable that the Chinese people of all ethnic groups have fully enjoyed freedom in terms of religious belief," Geng said.
USCIRF is politically prejudiced against China, ignores its progress in the area of religion and issues inaccurate reports on its religious policies year after year, Geng said.
"The commission should respect the facts, discard its bias and stop interfering in China's internal affairs," they added.
Republicans are, naturally, united in their opposition to the preliminary deal the Obama administration struck with Iran to restrain its nuclear program. And now, the presidential candidates in particular are going to compete with each other to see who can make their opposition more categorical. They're all criticizing it, of course, and Scott Walker has already said that on the day of their inauguration, he'll pull out of the deal. I'm guessing the rest of them will follow suit and pledge something similar. The question is: OK, so on January 20, 2017, you announce that we're out of the deal (since we're in the Republican fantasy world for the moment, let's put aside the involvement of Europe and the UN). What happens next?
Well for starters, the Iranians would no longer be constrained by the things they agreed to. They could kick out all the inspectors and institute a crash program to create a nuclear weapon if they wanted. Are Republicans saying that Iran would never do that? I don't think so. Yet in practice, the Republican position seems to be: 1) We can never trust the Iranians to adhere to the terms of any nuclear deal we sign with them because of their insatiable thirst for nuclear weapons, so 2) If there's no agreement at all—no limits on nuclear research, no limits on the quantity and purity of uranium they can enrich, no inspections—then everything will be OK.
To be clear, I'm not saying this deal is perfect, though a lot of people who know a lot about this issue are arguing that it's far stronger than what they expected (see here, for instance). But Republicans aren't saying we need to reopen negotiations and push for something better. They're just saying we should scrap the agreement, and then ... well, they actually don't say what happens then.
In effect, the Republican argument is, We've put this dangerous criminal in prison, but I don't think this prison is secure enough. They might escape! So the answer is to tear down the prison and let them go. Then we'll be safe from him.
So they ought to be asked: Are you proposing a re-negotiation of this deal? Or are you just saying that if we scrap it and reimpose sanctions on Iran, then they'll capitulate to all our demands? And if that's what you're saying, is there any reason at all to think that might happen? After all, Iran has been under sanctions from the U.S., the EU, and many other countries for years, yet their nuclear program has continued. What will be different without an agreement?
We should hear conservatives out on all their specific complaints about this deal. They might have a case to make about particular weaknesses. But in every case, we have to ask: What's your alternative? I haven't yet heard an answer from any of them, other than the few honest enough to say what so many of them are thinking, that no deal will ever work and we should just go ahead and start bombing.
Some Argentines are calling Alberto Nisman, the maverick prosecutor, the 86th casualty of one of the deadliest, unsolved terrorists attacks in modern history: the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires. That seems fitting whether their death over the weekend turns out to be a suicide, as the government of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner seems eager to establish, or the murder of a man who had learned too much.
This much is clear: The best hope of definitively establishing the truth about the horrific July 18, 1994, bombing and its tortured, politicized investigation is to impanel an international team of jurists who can take a fresh, objective look at the evidence.
The truth became more important after Mr. Nisman's body was discovered inside their apartment on Sunday, hours before they were expected to testify on their startling allegation that Ms. Kirchner cut a deal with the Iranian government to protect some of the culprits of the attack.
Ms. Kirchner's late husband, former president Néstor Kirchner, appointed Mr. Nisman to lead the inquiry a decade ago after acknowledging a shocking series of blunders by those assigned to the case over the years. Mr. Nisman, 51, became convinced that the bombing was carried out by the Shiite militant movement Hezbollah under orders of the Iranian government. Based on the prosecutor's investigation, Argentina got Interpol to issue arrest notices for seven prominent Iranians, including a Hezbollah leader and several government officials.
Investigators at Amnesty International announced Friday that security forces in Nigeria received warnings of a Boko Haram raid before hundreds of school girls were kidnapped.
After reviewing information based on multiple interviews with credible sources, the organization revealed that Nigerian security forces chose not to act on advanced warnings received four hours before 240 girls were abducted in an armed raid on April 14-15.
“The fact that Nigerian security forces knew about Boko Haram's impending raid, but failed to take the immediate action needed to stop it, will only amplify the national and international outcry at this horrific crime,” said Netsanet Belay, Amnesty International's Africa director of Research and Advocacy.
“It amounts to a gross dereliction of Nigeria's duty to protect civilians, who remain sitting ducks for such attacks. The Nigerian leadership must now use all lawful means at their disposal to secure the girls' safe release and ensure nothing like this can happen again.”
Amnesty International's statement said the organization confirmed that Nigeria's military headquarters in Maiduguri had been informed of an impending attack around 7 p.m. April 14. The military command in Damboa, 36.5 km (22.68 miles) away from Chibok, where the girls were abducted from a boarding school, had also received multiple alerts.
A lack of resources and reported fear of engaging with the armed terrorist group prevented immediate deployment of troops to Chibok.
The girls remain in captivity, more than three weeks later. Several reports have surfaced alleging that some of the girls have been forced to marry their captors.
Amnesty International repeated its cry to the terrorist group to release the captured girls.
“The abduction and continued detention of these school girls are war crimes, and those responsible must be brought to justice. Attacks on schools also violate the right to education and must be halted immediately,” Mr. Belay said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Britain and France are facing a rising torrent of international criticism over military intervention in Libya, with Russia and China leading calls for an immediate ceasefire. Just as a majority of Britons distrusts their government's motives, according to a new YouGov poll, many, if not most, countries around the world also view the action as risky, self-interested, and duplicitous.
The fragile consensus on intervention achieved last week, when the UN security council approved "all measures necessary" to protect Libyan civilians against Muammar Gaddafi's forces, has shattered in the wake of large-scale US, British and French ground and air attacks. The attacks were widely seen internationally as disproportionate, careless of civilian lives, and extending beyond the agreed plan to impose a defensive no-fly zone.
The criticism is coming not only from leaders with a traditionally anti-western outlook, such as Russia's Vladimir Putin, who accused the allies of launching a new "crusade" against the Arab world. Leading developing countries such as India have deplored the escalation in fighting as likely to make matters worse, while a growing number of African leaders are highly critical of perceived western disregard for national sovereignty.
The international uproar will form the backdrop to a UN security council meeting in New York on Thursday which is due to review implementation of UN resolution 1973. Last week's decision cannot be reversed without another full vote. But Russia, China and non-permanent council members including South Africa and Brazil – from the so-called Brics bloc of countries – are expected to express strong reservations about how the UN mandate has been interpreted and executed.
While none of the opposing countries has so far expressed more than diplomatic disapproval of the government's actions in Libya, analysts suggest the row could have a potentially negative impact on Britain's political, trade and commercial relations with some of the world's most powerful emerging economies. The longer the war continues, the more damage it could do to its main western protagonists.
Chinese criticism, largely expressed through state-controlled media, has been particularly virulent, possibly reflecting second thoughts in Beijing about its unexpected decision to abstain in last week's vote, rather then use its veto.
"The air attacks are an announcement that the west still wants to dominate the world. [It] still believes down to its very bones that it's the leader of the world," said the online Global Times. "Iraq was attacked because of oil, and Libya is also being attacked for its oil," the People's Daily claimed. And while it was clear that Beijing's anger stemmed from unease that the western doctrine of "liberal humanitarian intervention" might one day be applied to China, it also reflected genuine unease about increased instability in the Middle East region, its major oil supplier.
However much they may dislike Gaddafi, African leaders have been stung into action by the spectre of dozens of Tomahawk cruise missiles and state-of-the-art military technology raining down on a fellow African country. Jacob Zuma, South Africa's president, voted in favour of UN resolution 1973 after they were personally lobbied by Barack Obama. But they have quickly changed their tune.
Speaking this week, Zuma called for an immediate ceasefire, expressing concern about civilian casualties. South Africa, they said, "rejected any foreign intervention, whatever its form". The air strikes, they suggested, were more to do with regime change than humanitarian assistance.
Zuma was part of an African Union delegation that was about to travel to Libya to help mediate an end to the conflict when the bombing started. The mission was cancelled. Now the AU, generously funded by Gaddafi in the past and smarting from another galling example of western insouciance, has called for an end to military intervention, too.
Other major African and Asian countries, notably Nigeria and India, have joined the campaign demanding Britain and France back off. "The measures adopted should mitigate and not exacerbate an already difficult situation," the Indian external affairs ministry said.
Uganda's president, Yoweri Museveni, added hypocrisy to the Anglo-French charge sheet. "In Libya they are very eager to impose a no-fly zone. In Bahrain and other areas where there are pro-western regimes, they turn a blind eye to the very same conditions or even worse conditions," they wrote in the New Vision newspaper.
The seven-country east African security and development organisation, Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), warned meanwhile that the intervention was an open invitation to terrorists. "Our fear is that what is happening now in Libya may motivate terrorist groups in Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq to regroup on African soil," it said.
Britain and France may try to shrug off this tidal wave of global criticism, in the way western powers historically always have. But some very influential countries, with an increasing capacity to make life uncomfortable, are now ranged against them. Ignoring them will be harder to do the longer the war continues, and the more people are killed.
While the Libyan intervention remains far from resolved, it has already notched up one remarkable achievement. It has given Zimbabwe's ostracised president, Robert Mugabe, a chance to speak out on behalf of the majority of world opinion. As usual, the war was all about oil, Mugabe said this week. Western countries were "bloody vampires".
Everything I've ever learned about scaling PHP—
I slept infront of my laptop for a year while scaling Twitpic, rolling over to restart Apache at 2am before drifting back to sleep, but when you're a startup- you do what you have to do.
What if your didn't have any single points of failure? Imagine if scaling wasn't frustrating and you could get back to what you do best- shipping code?
I'm going to teach you how to scale PHP
Stop playing sysadmin and get back to coding. You didn't sign up to put out fires and figuring out how to scale MySQL isn't exactly going to ship features any faster. You know that learning the intricaces of my.cnf is a waste of time, but you don't have another choice. In the book, you'll get a crash-course on every important tuning option, why it matters, and a quick formula to figure out the perfect settings for your hardware. Bliss.
Apache is crying itself to sleep everynight
You've heard alot about Nginx and horizontal scaling, and there're thousands of tutorials out there, but the quality ranges from abysmal to "this must be a joke", and when you finally find a good one, it's usually for Rails. I know what it's like to scramble around, reading bad advice on StackOverflow, copy-and-pasting config files from some message board hope that one of them finally works... pulling at your hair, swearing at the screen.
What if it didn't have to be this way? What if there was a single, high-quality resource of information on scaling PHP, on doing things the right way, that actually focused on PHP and not Rails, Node.js or the flavor of the week? Something that taught you scalable architecture and things you might run into when your only user isn't your mom?
Learn the perfect PHP stack, LHNMPRR
Okay, okay- nothing will ever be as catchy as LAMP ;-)
You'll master a new, more scalable stack called LHNMPRR (Linux, HAProxy, Nginx, MySQL, PHP, Redis, & Resque) that can scale just by throwing more hardware at. You'll be able to finally get your setup to be perfect, all while using a battle tested stack that's been proven to handle billions of requests.
Think of it as your Cheat Code for PHP <?php ↑↑↓↓←→←→BA ?>
You'll also see the exact configurations and technologies that were used and proven at massive scale— 22 billion HTTP requests per month, thousands of MySQL queries per second— basically a metric-truck ton of visitors.
“Reapportionment is existential,” Jon Mills, the former Democratic speaker of the Florida House, told me. “It's personal for everybody.” Mills, who has worked on redistricting issues as a lawyer and law professor at the University of Florida, recalled when it was Democrats who controlled the legislature and were forced to redraw districts in the early 1990s. “It doesn't matter who's in control. It's difficult for anybody,” Mills said. “And for those in control, they're going to get blamed.”
The House and Senate each came up with their own proposed map for Florida's 27 congressional districts, but the chambers couldn't agree on a compromise. Democrats are expected to gain one or two seats based on population changes from the census regardless of how Republicans draw the maps, meaning that at least one Republican congressional incumbent would lose their or their district. The map approved by the state Senate, for example, moved the line of the 15th House district so that its current GOP representative, Dennis Ross, now lives outside it by just a couple dozen feet. To stay in Congress, Ross would likely have to face another Republican, Representative Tom Rooney, in next year's election.
But the House refused to budge on its own proposal, resulting in an impasse. The chambers can't even decide who should draw the map at this point; the House wants the court to do it, while the Senate doesn't want to give up the legislature's power to determine congressional districts. The matter is now back before the Florida Supreme Court, which could decide to pick one of the two proposals, appoint an independent body to draw a map, or just do the thing itself. The court could also order the legislature back into another special session to meet its October deadline.
A major complicating factor in reapportioning Florida's districts is race. For nearly a quarter century, the state has had three majority-minority districts and three African American members in its congressional delegation. Yet one of the districts invalidated by the court earlier this summer was the snake-shaped fifth district represented since 1993 by Corrine Brown. Under the latest Senate proposal, Brown's district would be radically changed, almost like a lever pulled 90 degrees upward. Where it now begins in Jacksonville near the northeast corner of the state and drops south in a jagged line toward Orlando, the new map would make it shoot west from Jacksonville toward Tallahassee along the northern border with Georgia. (The Orlando Sentinel has a good illustration here.) Brown has accused the Senate of intentionally seeking to dilute the power of African Americans by moving the district so far north, and she's already filed a federal suit to prevent the Florida courts from requiring a new congressional map that violates the 1965 Voting Rights Act.
Colorado Congress representative Jared Polis recently found themselves the subject of an ethical investigation, thanks to their devotion to the popular multiplayer game League of Legends.
The House Ethics Committee dropped the case on Friday after concluding that a pair of campaign promotional videos — one of which was produced by the online battle arena title's developer Riot Games — did not qualify as the substantial ethical violations it originally contended.
Polis has proudly shared their love for the game, participating on its community forums under their full name and title, and self-identifies as a gamer on social media. According to the Washington Post, Riot Games collaborated with Polis on the video above and later used it in a marketing campaign for League of Legends.
In the now-controversial video, Polis details their League of Legends fandom, comparing it to their congressional service. They also share their disdain for the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), a proposed bill to more strongly regulate online copyright infringement. The member of congress and Riot Games both combated the controversial bill in 2014, with Polis voicing their concerns about it to the League community on the game's message boards.
The Office of Congressional Ethics claimed that the politician's appearance in a for-profit campaign represented a promotion of private businesses, and could have potentially resulted in a misuse of taxpayer resources. While Polis argued otherwise, it took four months of investigating before the House Ethics Committee came to an agreement in favor of the Coloradan.
"Representative Polis did not use official resources for a commercial purpose or violate House Rules regarding official endorsement of a commercial entity," the House's report on the matter concludes.
Referring to both the Riot Games-produced video and Polis' other offending campaign ad, an event for clothing brand Ninox, the Committee argued that "while it does appear that both the Riot Games video and the Ninox clothing event were intended, at least in part, to promote the businesses, this is true in virtually every instance in which a business participates in or arranges an event with a Member."
Polis themselves expressed relief at the decision, and argued in a statement that the campaigns were simply reflections of their "ongoing efforts to creatively reach constituents where they are in a relevant manner."
Carina Yonzon Grande with grandson Josh and future son-in-law Ken Shaw in this photo taken in March 2012 in Solvang, California
MANILA - A Filipina's trip to the United States to attend the wedding of their daughter turned into a nightmare after they were harassed, insulted, and deported by American immigration authorities.
Carina Yonzon Grande, in a statement to ABS-CBNNews.com, recalled their harrowing experience at the hands of US Immigration officers at the Seattle International Airport on October 1.
Grande was traveling with complete valid documents -- a passport with a 10-year US visa valid until 2017, round trip plane tickets, and even shuttle vouchers.
The 63-year-old, who used to work for the Asian Development Bank, is well traveled and has been to Italy, Austria, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland, Vanuatu, Fiji, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, Uzbekistan, Pakistan, Australia, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
It was their 13th time to visit the US in a span of more than two and a half decades.
They said, upon reaching the immigration area, they noticed a group of immigration police officers directing people to where they should line up.
"I also observed police officers questioning, in a very loud voice, the visitors about why they chose to travel to the US for their vacation, the purpose of their visit, and even the amount of money they have for this trip, which I found simply absurd!" Grande said.
"When it was my time to present myself to the immigration officer, they asked me the usual questions i.e. purpose of travel and length of stay. I gave them an honest answer: that the purpose of my travel to the US was to visit my grandson Joshua at Everett and also to attend my daughter's wedding on October 26 in L.A., and that I was staying for two months," they added.
They said the immigration officer looked at their passport and saw Grande had visited the US many times in the past.
"I confirmed by saying yes, since the family could afford it," they added.
Held for 6 hours without food, water
Them nightmare began when the immigration officer told them to go to a room where people were being held for more questioning.
Grande said they were confined in the small room for 6 hours.
"Questions about the purpose of my visit to the US were asked repeatedly by Officer Keavid Mam (in a very arrogant manner). They then asked if I have relatives in the US, which I answered in the affirmative. I was asked to give names and corresponding contact numbers. I gave the details of my daughter Steph and my grandson Josh, 21 years old. I was asked for more names, so I gave the name and number of my Aunt Nerissa, who is nearly 90 years old and the sister of my late Mother. More names and numbers could have been provided to them had they allowed me to call my daughter Steph but I was not allowed to make phone calls. They took my celfone. Every time they placed a call to my aunt, my grandson Joshua and daughter Steph, they shut the door so I would not hear their conversations with my relatives," they said.
The immigration officer then returned to the room and accused Grande of being a liar. They claimed that they talked to their aunt, who allegedly told them that Grande will take care of them as a caregiver.
They said the immigration officer's allegations are not true because their aunt didn't even know they were arriving in the US.
"While Officer Mam kept on repeating their questions about why I was in the US, a fellow officer by the name of Chang, joined and shouted, calling me a liar. They even searched my purse where I had wedding cards (with money) for my daughter and future son-in-law, and a birthday card for Joshua (also with money) and other stuff. They scattered all the items in my purse on the table, asking why they should believe me, when my aunt, according to him, seems to be the honest one," Grande said.
'Who is she, a TNT?'
"While doing this, another officer passed and shouted 'Who is she, a TNT?'" they said.
"I was already shaking, very tired, exhausted, and weak. I had not eaten because of this interrogation," they added.
Their supervisor, a certain Mr. Caldwell, later joined the immigration officers and warned Grande that they will suffer the consequences if they didn't tell them what they wanted to hear.
"If I lie, they would have to arrest me and put me in jail. They even showed me the jail cell. I said, 'I am telling the truth, and that they can put me in jail because I will never ever admit doing the things I am wrongly being accused of.'"
Caldwell gave Grande two options: be deported to the Philippines on the next flight of the same day or be put in jail and barred from entering the US for 5 years.
"Exhausted, hungry, and sleep-deprived, I chose option one," Grande said. "It is disheartening that at my age, I didn't receive any respect from these officials. I was treated like a criminal. I was not allowed to talk to my daughter and grandson and my celfone was taken away from me. Even after the interrogation concluded, they did not give it back to me."
"It pains me so much that I was mistreated like this. I have never been so humiliated and demeaned in my life! I am still hurting and hope other people will not suffer the extreme humiliation I recently experienced," they said.
Racist insults
Ken Shaw, the fiancé of Grande's daughter, supported their statement.
"She was cruelly interrogated for 6 hours after a 15-hour flight and held without food and water. Derogatory racial slang was hurled their way and they were shown and threatened with a jail cell. Them belongings were careless rifled through, wedding cards and gifts from relatives for the couple plainly visible throughout this process," Shaw said in a separate statement sent to ABS-CBNNews.com.
"She was repeatedly called a liar and laughed at by individuals who seemed to believe that they have an exclusive license on the truth and that tormenting an elderly woman, exhausted from a long flight, was all in a day's good sport," they said.
Shaw said an immigration officer even mocked Grande's daughter on the telephone.
"An arrogant official promptly addressed them by their first name and cockily said, "Well hello, your mother is being deported."
"After piously stating their righteousness, the official ended the conversation with yet another smirk and additional smarmy commentary," Shaw added.
"I have tried a couple of times since then to get the full names of the individuals who handled my future mother-in-law's case, but apparently they are special and do not need to disclose information to the American public," they said.
"My fiancée is now heart broken – not only for their mother having to miss their wedding but also for the cruel treatment they were forced to endure by the government of the country they now calls home," Shaw said.
I'm about to release an update to CGI.pm that will strip out all of the AUTOLOAD and deferred compile optimization. I'm reasonably confident that this will have no impact other than adding a few tens of milliseconds to the startup time for any scripts using CGI.pm. Of note is that CGI::Pretty will now be deprecated, along with the -complile pragma and ->compile method. If you are using the -any pragma and have arbitrary tags (or typo's) in your code then your code *is* likely to break.
This optimization was added twenty years ago, it has little to no benefit now and makes the code difficult to deal with as well as falsifying test coverage metrics. It needs to go. Given the legacy sprawl of CGI.pm there may be bugs lurking; if you're using CGI.pm please test this release. The DEV release is available on CPAN:
https://metacpan.org/release/LEEJO/CGI-4.13_02
I'm noting this here in the hopes that it will get out onto the blogosphere and then beyond for any users of CGI.pm that this may affect. If you do use it, test it, and it breaks somehow then please raise an issue on github.
I'm going to let the DEV release sit on CPAN for a while (a few weeks, a couple of months maybe) until it has made its way through cpantesters and long enough to allow people to test it. I will also be notifying bugzilla, twiki, et al.
More information can be found in the Changes file for the current DEV release, along with links to the relevant github issues.
Islamic State militants killed dozens of people in and around the Syrian border town of Kobani on Thursday after launching a counter-offensive under the cover of darkness.
The militants - disguised as fighters from the Free Syrian Army - drove five vehicles into the town in the early hours of Thursday and used a suicide bomber to blow up a border crossing with Turkey. A civilian inside Kobani said: “No one can go out of their home, the streets are not safe … Isis fighters are getting inside houses and killing everyone [they find].”
At least 35 civilians and Kurdish fighters were killed along with eight IS militants, monitoring group the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. A further 23 Syrian Kurds, among them women and children, were shot dead in the nearby village of Barkh Butan, the group said.
Isis withdrew from the village after US-led coalition strikes on its outskirts of the village and the arrival of Kurdish forces, but fighting continued in Kobani through Thursday.
Around the same time as the Kobani attack, the group launched an assault on the north-eastern city of Hasakah, aided by militias previously aligned with the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad. Western districts were seized and the Syrian army pushed into the city centre.
The surprise, two-pronged offensive came as Isis reels from several high-profile defeats near Raqqa, the capital of its self-declared caliphate and its seat of power in Syria.
Inside the Islamic State ‘capital': no end in sight to its grim rule Read more
The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia and an alliance of rebels known as the “Euphrates Volcano” – backed US-led coalition air strikes – have seized swaths of territory from Isis, including the strategic border town of Tal Abyad. In recent days they also wrested control of Brigade 93, a strategic base seized by Isis from the Syrian regime, and the town of Ain Issa, bringing them within 30 miles of Raqqa itself.
“Islamic State's morale has collapsed after the advance in the Raqqa countryside,” said Redur Xelil, the YPG spokesperson who provided the accounts of the latest Isis offensive. “They are trying to raise the morale of their fighters and supporters, and show that they still have strength and can strike out elsewhere.”
They also said that another goal of the Isis offensive may be to draw Kurdish troops away from the frontline to defend other territories.
Xelil said the militants who entered Kobani numbered between 30 and 40, and were holed up in buildings in the city after killing dozens of people. The YPG, backed by the Kurdish Asayish security forces, were combing the area and they were confident they would defeat the militants.
“We will destroy this group that entered the city,” they said.
Late last year, Isis was on the verge of conquering Kobani, an enclave on the Turkish border, but Kurdish fighters backed by the US-led coalition ultimately succeeded in reversing the militants' advance and liberating the city, killing over a thousand Isis fighters in a months-long battle that emerged as a symbol of the Kurds' defiance.
Many refugees who fled the city have since returned to their homes, many of which had been levelled during the fighting.
The joint Kurdish-rebel advance in recent weeks has provided a glimmer of hope in the fight against Isis. Last month, Isis seized the historic city of Palmyra in Homs province and Ramadi, the provincial capital of Anbar in Iraq, casting doubt on the entire strategy to contain the group.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest File image allegedly shows Islamic State militants on the road to Hasakah in June 2014. Photograph: AFP/Getty Images
The more serious threat is the Isis assault – its fourth – on Hasakah, a city divided between the Assad regime and the Kurds. Around midnight, Isis launched an offensive that has so far claimed the lives of 30 pro-regime troops and 20 militants, according to the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group with a wide range of contacts inside Syria.
The attack triggered the flight of civilians from the area, and the regime has responded with a series of air strikes on militant positions south of the city. Isis used suicide bombers to soften up regime positions.
In a statement circulated on social media, Isis said it took control of western neighbourhoods and forced the regime's troops to retreat to the city centre, seemingly in shock at what the militants described as a “daring operation”.
Xelil, who said the Kurds were not yet involved in the battle for Hasakah, said Isis had succeeded in winning the allegiance of members of the pro-Assad National Defence Forces – local militias that support the regime – allowing them to prepare the ground for the assault on the city.
The tactic is in keeping with the traditional Isis modus operandi of infiltrating areas prior to launching major assaults.
In a separate, major offensive in Syria's south on Thursday, about 51 rebel groups joined together to attack regime-held areas of Deraa city, where insurgents have dealt Assad's forces significant blows in recent months.
The southern rebels, including the al-Qaida-linked al-Nusra Front and groups that do not share its jihadi ideology, have long said they aim to expel Syrian government forces from Deraa. Syrian state TV said the army had repelled attacks against a number of military positions in the south of the country.
Members of Congress, the NRA and residents have challenged a proposed ban on the public sale of 5.56mm armor-piercing bullets. File Photo by Eugene Berman/Shutterstock
WASHINGTON, March 4 (UPI) -- The leader of a national police union this week said a proposal to ban armor-piercing 5.56mm pistol rounds would be less effective than the government thinks.
Last week, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said it plans to outlaw steel-tipped 5.56mm ammunition because it now qualifies as an armor-piercing round. Sale of the ammo has been legal since 1986 because it's a round that could not, until recently, be fired from a handgun -- the stipulation necessary for prohibition of any bullet. Traditionally, the 5.56mm bullets have been fired only in AR-15 rifles.
In a 17-page report, the bureau cited new handguns that are able to fire the round, increasing the likelihood, the ATF believes, that the bullets will be used against law enforcement officers.
However, James Pasco, executive director of the Washington office of the Fraternal Order of Police, believes that banning the ammunition wouldn't amount to much additional protection.
"This specific round has historically not posed a law enforcement problem," they said in a report by the Washington Examiner. "While this round will penetrate soft body armor, it has not historically posed a threat to law enforcement."
With around 325,000 members, the Fraternal Order of Police is the largest organization of sworn officers in the world.
Pasco's statements give fuel to critics who allege the bullet ban is merely a backdoor attempt by the Obama administration to render AR-15 assault rifles useless.
RELATED Army develops new process for reusing artillery shell casings
Supporters of the proposed ban, however, feel that newer handguns available to shoot 5.56mm ammo increase the threat to police.
"We are looking at additional ways to protect our brave men and women in law enforcement and believe that this process is valuable for that reason alone," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said. "If there are armor-piercing bullets available that can fit into easily concealed weapons, that it puts our law enforcement at considerably more risk."
Still, opponents to the ban believe it's unlikely criminals will purchase the expensive handguns -- and even if they did, the firearms are much too large to be considered a concealed weapon.
RELATED Automated weapons maintenance and tracking system highlighted
The ATF is asking for public comment regarding the ban, to be concluded March 16. But the proposal has encountered stiff resistance. In the House of Representatives, more than half of lawmakers have signed a letter challenging the ban, and the National Rifle Association is urging the public to ask Congress to prevent it. A similar measure is moving through the Senate.
Since news of the proposed ban earlier this month, sporting goods stores have been selling large quantities of the affected ammunition -- now at higher cost.
Does the World Championship cycle format need a change? Do you like Magnus Carlsen's recent proposal?
—"In short, I strongly believe the chess world should evolve to a more just system. What does that look like? I have long thought that moving to an annual knock-out event, similar to the World Cup, would be more equitable. This change would in effect improve the odds of becoming World Champion for nearly every chess player, with the exception of the reigning World Champion, and potentially a few other top players who would no longer be favoured by the current format. Creating regional qualifying events combined with rating spots, the participation of all the top players in the world and the undisputed World Championship title at stake, I truly believe this would make the World Championship cycle more accessible to everyone.", wrote Carlsen in their Facebook post.
Enjoyed Athleticum? Then You'll LOVE these Swiss Place Names!
Welcome to Cunter!
Enjoyed Athleticum? Then You'll LOVE these Swiss Place Names!
It was the trending topic on Twitter during the Switzerland-England match on Monday:
Dunno what it is but I can tell you here and now that I don't want any Athleticum pic.twitter.com/cOk828ihns — Amitai Winehouse (@awinehouse1) September 8, 2014
We've since learnt that Athleticum is a sports clothing store. Phew. But while we're in Switzerland, let's have a look around:
It's an old one, yes. But don't you just love it?
Bild: KEYSTONE
And yes, this is the home side that plays at Wankdorf stadium:
Bild: KEYSTONE
«Young Boys Lose It at Wankdorf» – you bet that headline exists!
Wankdorf Stadium has since been renamed Stade de Suisse. Boo.
Meanwhile 90 Miles to the East ...
Bild: watson
We're not quite sure what, technically, the act of «tossfucking» entails, but it undoubtedly makes for a powerful slogan.
Bild: watson
Heading for the mountains? To glamourous St.Moritz, maybe? Then you'll be passing through ...
Bild: watson/obi
It's all the fault of Romansh, Switzerland's 4th (!) national language (the other three being German, French and Italian), which is spoken by all of 35'000 mountain dwellers and a number of goats (probably) from the canton of Grisons and features words such as ...
Bild: watson
... or ...
Bild: watson
... as well as the odd surname, too:
BIld: watson
Speaking of names, Willy here is a water engineer. But of course they are.
Bild: watson
This is a road in Zurich. Say it out loud.
Bild: watson
Another fine example of hillbilly nomenclature, this time from the Valais ...
Bild: Panoramio/NilsW
... and from the Berne region:
Bild: watson
This chap installs showers:
Bild: watson
A plumber who wants to give you an idea of their skill and workmanship:
This floorer is just down the road from our offices ...
... and should anything need cleaning (Reinigung), this company offers typically pristine levels of Swiss cleanliness, ...
... although, as a grown-up, you shouldn't really need help.
Bild: via giswiki.hsr.ch
This bus is run by Ferrovie Autolinee Regionali Ticinesi, the Regional Bus and Rail Company of the canton of Ticino:
Bild: watson/obi
It's the «daily hit», not the «day sh ...»
Bild: watson
... oh well.
Bild: watson
OK, we've had a laugh. But maybe let's just remember that the Swiss and the Germans simply love Fart Tone Lake:
Was on a lookout for a pair of headphones and saw this on sale on prime day for 5k. After checking out reviews on Amazon.com for this and the fact that they indeed retail around 8.5k to 9k usually (125$ to 150$ in US), I jumped on this deal.
These are the most comfortable headphones that I've owned till date. I've worn them for over 5 hours at a time without breaking a sweat. And that's an achievement in the monsoons. I'm no audiophile but I can clearly appreciate the clarity that these headphones provide. Its like adding a whole new dimension to the music you listen to. You'll be able to hear instruments that you never realised that were there the whole time!!! Additionally, they have a great surround sound effect. I've read a lot of reviews that these do not have adequate bass. I totally disagree with them here. I was on the fence just because of this but now I don't regret my decision at all. My sister put these on for the first time and their exact words were "Wow, these headphones have good bass". There is ample amount of bass in these headphones and it sounds natural. In case you are still unconvinced, just go to a shop and try them out for yourself. You won't be disappointed especially if you are someone coming from Apple EarPods or some other budget headphones.
Now for the cons, these don't come with a pouch, nor do they fold. Sound does leak if you are listening at the highest volumes but around 70%, the isolation works pretty well.
All in all, considering the 5k price ( plus 15% off on card) and the quality of the sound, this is one hell of a deal.
Technology Won't Save the Classroom
Polo Valdovinos Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 24, 2013
In 2008, I joined the board of Alternatives in Action, an organization founded by students to create their own high school. As I became more involved, I sketched an idea for a lesson planning tool to help teachers collaborate. Projects and opportunities kept me from being able to dedicate any real time. Last year I shut down one of my three ventures, stopped taking contract work and focused on the idea.
I met with the co-principals of the school with a proposal and they agreed to the project. I was paired with the 10th grade humanities teacher. For the spring semester, I would sit in the classroom at least once a week, observe their teaching, and meet with students for feedback. The experience would have its successes, missteps and frustrations and was more personally rewarding than I ever expected.
The tool would include curriculum management and assessment features. Students would view resources, read materials and answer questions during class. After discussing options between Chromebooks and Android tablets, we decided on Nexus 7s. I was able to purchase the devices with contributions from two generous supporters of the organization.
The tablets were delivered the morning of January 16. An hour later I was in the classroom for an introduction and training. Two students were online before I finished my presentation and volunteered to go around the room to help others. They would become active participants throughout the semester and are still providing feedback and guidance today.
The support and enthusiasm from our teacher was critical. They spent much of their limited free time transferring content. Them current methods had been successful over the years and they had no reason to change. This project was a risk for her, and more importantly, their students. In addition to teaching high school, they were finishing their PHd, teaching university classes in the evening and was mom to a two year old. They kept me humble.
In the second week, they unexpectedly had to leave for a funeral on the east coast. They created assignments on Seed Lesson for the students to complete. They asked if I would attend the class to provide the assigned substitute teacher with support. Although they had prepared a full schedule, they gave me the option to create my own lesson. I have never taught a classroom, but it would be an opportunity to immerse myself and better understand what it's like to be a teacher.
To prepare, I asked the advice of my friend and neighbor Julia, a 30 year high school educator. They suggested I change the pace of the classroom in 10-15 minute intervals. It would keep the students off balance and always reacting. Most importantly they added, let them see how much you care.
I decided to create a class on entrepreneurship, beginning with a reading assignment about an African American businesswoman, Madam C.J. Walker. After reading the articles, and sharing my own experiences, I prompted the students to complete an online assessment. They answered questions about what motivated Madam Walker to start a hair care line in the early 1900s. I reviewed and discussed their answers as they submitted them on Seed Lesson. I then divided them into groups and had them talk about their own business ideas.
The students responded with beauty salons, piercing parlors, and record companies. One group had an idea for a network of recording studios. Together, we outlined a program for donating free time to youth. Student artists would sign up to a notification list. If a studio had any last minute unsold studio time they would notify the members. I then created teams and had the students choose between marketing, talent, operations and business development.
I had a brief insight into how challenging it is to teach. When the hour was over I was exhausted but felt I had been a productive substitute. Viewing every student response was incredibly helpful and guided the class. This wouldn't have been possible without technology, but it was secondary to the experience.
In the weeks to come I would connect with students, find my co-founder, deal with the frustrations of beta software, see the problems of standardized testing, and better understand the limits and potential of technology.
What would I have done differently?
I was too optimistic about students being able to focus and not browse other sites. Also, if a student was done with their work, why not go to Facebook? However, when academic technology critics need to lock their wi-fi routers in a time locked safe, this was naive.
Tablets are great for portability, but not writing assignments. We improved this somewhat by providing $20 bluetooth keyboards. We also brought in a Chromebook for students to review. They overwhelmingly preferred the tablets.
The tablets would prove to be more of a maintenance burden than expected. 20% completely failed, one was lost, five were broken. A separate support plan was critical. I would have tried a variety of devices, probably from Samsung and HP which felt more solid.
A few weeks into the semester I recruited students to provide tech support. For next semester we'll create a program at the very beginning to handle hardware and peer support and teach them additional skills.
What would I not change?
Seeing students as peers, sharing my own story, and embracing theirs.
A new model by scientists at MIT uses data on building size and usage to simulate energy usage on every single day of the year in Boston. Photo by MIT News/SD Lab
BOSTON, Feb. 23 (UPI) -- In an effort to help city officials plan for a more energy-efficient future, researchers at MIT have built a model that simulates the energy usage of the entire city of Boston.
The simulation estimates the electricity and gas demands of more than 100,000 Boston buildings for every day of the year.
"Nobody has ever modeled a city the size of Boston at this level of detail," Christoph Reinhart, associate professor of architecture at MIT, told MIT News. "It's also the first time that these data are being used by a city to guide energy policy decisions."
There are a number of available solutions for buildings looking to become more energy efficient. Combined heat and power systems, solar paneling, battery storage and ground source heat pumps can all help property owners either use less, waste less or produce cleaner energy -- or all three.
The question city planners and property managers have to answer is: which solution or combination of solutions works best for each building?
The new model developed by researchers at the MIT Sustainable Design Lab and the MIT Lincoln Laboratory -- and supported by the Boston Redevelopment Authority -- can help answer that question.
"If you have a building consuming a lot of electricity at certain hours, you need buildings around them that can use that waste heat," said Carlos Cerezo, a PhD student in MIT's Building Technology Program. "Our model is built for figuring out where those things happen."
RELATED Energy efficiency may encourage greater demand
Researchers built a series of algorithms designed to predict energy usage based on building size, shape and purpose -- residential, office, hospital, school. City records helped researchers amass a data set. The algorithms accounted for each building's heating and cooling systems, electricity demands, thermostat settings, peak occupancy and wall and roof materials and structure.
The model's architects believe other New England cities, like Providence, R.I., can plug in their own housing stock and building data and get a similarly detailed energy usage map.
Scientists are currently comparing their model's outputs to actual electricity and gas usage data to check for accuracy.
"We'll do this using any building-level energy dataset that we can get our hands on, so the models become more and more accurate," Reinhart said. "Ultimately, our goal is for every city in the world to rely on a citywide energy model to meaningfully manage its future energy supply and carbon emissions."
Analyzing agriculture in trade negotiations as they occur is a little like playing blind man's bluff. However, in a negotiations “game” with myriad consequences for the domestic regulations that protect public and environmental health and worker safety, among other public interests, the public is blind-folded throughout the negotiations. The other players are industry lobby groups and governments jockeying to achieve commercial advantage, often by removing regulatory “irritants” to trade through their privileged access to the negotiations process.
And the U.S. mainstream media are happy to play along with the game, as long as they get an occasional sneak peek at negotiations texts that the Obama administration denies to the public. For example, of the latest Transpacific Partnership (TPP) negotiating sessions, the New York Times writes, “A copy of the still incomplete intellectual property chapter, viewed by the New York Times, shows just how isolated the United States' position is."
A Times editorial in June noted complacently, “[b]ecause trade agreements are understandably secret while they are being negotiated, it is hard to determine who is right,” the TPP proponents or critics. This editorial support for the Obama administration policy of denying public access to draft negotiations texts allows the Times to both have privileged access to the negotiations text and yet not be obliged to determine which claims about the TPP are right.
Recent leaks of the TPP intellectual property chapter uncover perhaps the most contentious chapter for the non-U.S. TPP negotiator–patent enforced pricing that blocks access to essential medicines. However, completion of the TPP negotiations is also blocked by serious disputes over agricultural market access opportunity offers. Some of the traditional forces of opposition to the demands of agribusiness exporters, such as the Japanese farmer cooperatives, reportedly have lost political and economic influence to defend their rice and beef markets. At this point, the agriculture market access fight is focusing on U.S. sugar and Canadian dairy import quotas. Import quotas are crucial features of U.S. de facto and Canadian de jure supply management.
Trading off agricultural access opportunity offers
Traditionally, trade negotiations consist of trade-offs, usually within the same economic sector. In the TPP negotiations, Australia says that it will offer market access for U.S. beef exports, if the U.S. increases market access for Australian sugar (“Angling for Sugar Access, Australia Allows Imports of Some U.S. Beef,” Inside U.S. Trade, July 16, 2015, subscription required). The U.S. sugar industry lobbies the U.S. Trade Representative to not allow increased market access and USTR Michael Froman has promised the TPP negotiations “won't undermine the sugar program” (Cited in “USTR Stands Strong with U.S. Sugar Producers,” American Sugar Alliance, July 2015, www.sugaralliance.org).
The U.S. quotas for sugar imports perform a supply management function without the mandatory production restrictions that would be part of a statutory supply management program. The American Sugar Alliance, which represents farmers, explains on their website that “unneeded sugar from a TPP agreement could swamp the domestic market and trigger a taxpayer cost to U.S. sugar policy, which is projected to run at no cost over the life of the 2014 Farm Bill.” The National Confectioners' Association (candy companies and other sweetener users) is lobbying hard to have the TPP remove U.S. sugar import quotas, which will trigger Farm Bill payments to sugar cane and sugar beet farmers, as the price of sugar collapses.
The USTR defense of the de facto sugar supply management program does not preclude it from attacking Canada's dairy supply management program. Canadian import barriers are one part of a supply management program that has kept Canadian dairy prices, high, stable and above the cost of production. The National Farmers Union of Canada testified to its Senate in June that grain and cattle farmers and ranchers without supply management had suffered under Canadian trade agreements. Included in that testimony, however, were more positive comments: “ Canada's supply management system is a success story for farmers, consumers, processors and governments. Canadian dairy producers obtain their income from the marketplace, not from government subsidies as occurs in most other countries. Canadian consumers have a reliable supply of wholesome milk, chicken, eggs and turkey. Processors have the predictability that allows them to operate at near full-capacity and avoid the cost of idled plant space that is common in other jurisdictions.”The debate over supply management is likely to figure prominently in the that Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called for in October.
In July, on the eve of what had been billed as the concluding round of the TPP, the Democratic and Republican heads of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee wrote to the U.S. Ambassador to Canada with an ultimatum: "In fact, our support for a final TPP agreement that includes Canada is contingent on Canada's ability to meet the TPP's high standards" (“Hatch, Wyden Pressure Canada for ‘Significant' Ag Market Access in TPP,” Inside U.S. Trade, July 24, 2015).
The “high standards” in question, write Senators Orrin Hatch and Ron Wyden, concern dismantling Canada's dairy supplement management program to enable more U.S. dairy exports. Indeed, dismantling Canadian dairy supply would be a U.S. prerequisite for allowing dairy imports from any TPP member, above all from New Zealand, which exports milk protein concentrate (MPC), a dry powder containing 40-90 percent of the protein of milk. U.S. dairy importers use MPC, as it is cheaper than using U.S. milk or milk powder, for “cheese products.” New Zealand has dismissed the U.S. dairy import offer as not serious. (“Lawmakers, Dairy Groups Say TPP Export Gains Needed If U.S. To Open Its Market,” Inside U.S. Trade, April 6, 2015, subscription required.) New Zealand and the U.S. have dismissed the latest Canadian market access offer as insufficient (“Canada Offers Several TPP-wide TRQs [tariff rates quotas] On Dairy Products, Poultry,” Inside U.S. Trade, August 6, 2015. Subscription required).
The U.S. Dairy Export Council, the National Milk Producers Federation and the International Dairy Foods Association have sent a joint letter with New Zealand and Australian dairy export associations to their trade officials demanding an “ambitious” TPP. The result of the ambition would be to import cheap MPC and export more expensive “cheese” and other dairy products to TPP members.
Ben Burkett, a Mississippi farmer and president of the U.S. National Family Farm Coalition (NFFC) summarized the threat that MPC imports represent to U.S. dairy farmers: “With just under 50,000 dairy farmers left in the U.S., they deserve to have sensible policies enacted on a domestic level, not to be crushed by unfair trade deals that threaten their ability to recover their costs of production. It makes no sense for our nation's dairy farmers to compete against dairy farmers in New Zealand and Australia, the lowest-cost producers in the world,” said Burkett. “We are also anxious about the expanded imports of milk substitutes, such as Milk Protein Concentrate, which could be substituted in many products without being labeled clearly for customers.” The NFFC lobbied for a dairy supply management program in the 2014 Farm Bill.
Some costs of export agriculture without supply management
The lack of U.S. dairy supply management results in chaotic dairy production and plunging prices. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, in 2015, dairies in Michigan and the Northeastern U.S. dumped 30 million gallons of milk into waste disposal systems, because they didn't have the capacity to process the milk. A 30 percent fall in liquid milk prices in 2015 has been offset partly by lower cattle feed costs. But an anticipated further drop in milk prices next year, due in part to imports, will return U.S. dairy farmers to a too familiar situation—selling milk to U.S. dairy processors at below the cost of production.
The United States dismantled the last vestiges of its supply management programs, with the notable exception of the sugar program, in the 1996 Farm Bill. Not surprisingly, prices for dairy and other commodities collapsed well below the cost of production , triggering billions of dollars in taxpayer subsidies to save export driven agriculture from another market failure. Currently, farmers in Minnesota planting GM corn are projected to lose an average of $244 per acre, due to low prices on the futures markets and record high costs of production. It is not unusual for a Minnesota corn and soybean farm to be 1,000 acres or larger, meaning a $250,000 per farm operator loss in 2015.
In the absence of programs to sensibly manage supply, U.S. taxpayer funded revenue insurance and other forms of what the World Trade Organization calls Aggregate Measures of Support (AMS) will rise to about $12.4 billion in 2015, partially offsetting a projected U.S. farmer income loss in row crop and livestock sales of about $25.8 billion. The United States has demanded that AMS payment definitions and levels not be negotiated in the Doha Round (D. Ravi Kanth, “Azevedo pursuing their controversial ideas to help the U.S., other ICs [Industrialized Countries],” South North Development Monitor (SUNS email edition), #8074, August 3, 2015. Subscription required). AMS payments are not discussed in the TPP.
Whether or not the U.S. AMS payments, calculated with reference to out of date 1986-88 prices, comply with its WTO commitments, U.S. agribusiness will be exporting grains and oilseeds, and meat and dairy products fed with those grains and oilseeds, at below the cost of production, transportation and insurance. In other words, U.S. agribusiness will resume the export dumping that IATP documented for row crops from 1996 to 2005. The United States is zealous in pursuing anti-dumping cases in other industrial sectors, e.g. China's solar energy industry. But dump corn or soy into Japan, Malaysia, Peru, Mexico or other prospective TPP members? No problem with the WTO or if the TPP is concluded.
Conclusion
In light of the success of the sole U.S. supply management program for sugar in preventing taxpayer subsidies, why do the Senators wish to export U.S. dairy products at prices that will again trigger more taxpayer-funded subsidies to farmers deprived of supply management by law? Why do the Senators wish to allow a flood of MPC imports from New Zealand's dairy monopoly, Fonterra, further depressing liquid milk prices? A simple answer is that dismantling Canadian dairy supply management benefits the U.S. dairy processing industry that is advocating for the end to Canadian dairy import quotas as the pre-condition for its support of TPP. Furthermore, the demands of the sugar processing industry to dismantle the sugar program are threatening to win in the TPP what the processing lobby could not win in the Farm Bill.
The more complicated answer concerns two U.S. tacit trade objectives: 1) to continue to export agricultural commodities at below the cost of production (export dumping) while degrading the capacity of other TPP members to do so; 2) to eliminate state intervention in agriculture and other industrial sectors while maintaining massive taxpayer subsidies, direct and indirect to U.S. headquartered transnational corporations.
The broader issue of what subsidies are for, as well as the role of State Owned Enterprises (such as agricultural marketing boards that use supply management), deserves a fuller debate. But in the TPP, the subordination of all agricultural policy to increasing market access is very unlikely to produce trade-offs that will benefit farmers, ranchers or rural communities.
Dear Friends and Backers:
Great news! The Parallella boards are starting to roll off the production line. So far we have 300 boards built up with more boards being built every day. The yield looks very good so far!
We do have some work left in speeding up the production line through "task optimization, pipelining and multi-threading". Sounds familiar.:-) Our goal is to reach a production rate of 500 boards per day as soon as possible.
We will be shipping a large number of boards this week and will report back by next Sunday regarding the total # of boards shipped.
Best wishes,
Andreas
PS. If there is any interest in seeing a video of the Parallella production flow, we will try to convince our contract manufacturer to let us film the process. Let us know...
The cost of damage to roads, bridges, drains and other infrastructure could rise further, local government analysis reveals
This winter's floods caused almost £250m in damage to roads, bridges, public rights of way and drainage systems, a survey by town hall chiefs has revealed.
The snapshot analysis by the Local Government Association (LGA) warns councils have been hit with a huge bill following storms Desmond and Eva and the flooding they brought.
The final tally could be even higher, as councils are still counting the cost of the winter devastation. The total cost to households and businesses hit by the winter floods could be as much as £5bn, KPMG said in December.
The worst-hit council was Cumbria, which saw around £175m in damage to local authority-owned infrastructure, with costs for flood-hit bridges, landslips, carriageway damage, survey work and the need to build a temporary road on the A591.
Calderdale has a bill of £33m, Northumberland £24m and Lancashire has suffered £5m damage due to the floods.
The LGA said government funding had been important in helping local authorities and communities recover from the floods, but warned councils will need more help as the full cost of damage emerges.
The organisation also called for new flood defence funding to be devolved to local areas so authorities can work with communities and businesses to ensure money is spent where it is most needed.
Peter Box, chairperson of the LGA's environment, economy, housing and transport board, said: “The devastation wreaked by this winter's flooding has landed councils with a bill of nearly £250m – just for damage to key infrastructure like roads and bridges.
“Councils are still literally counting the cost and the final bill is likely to be much higher.
“Government has gone a long way to helping hard-hit communities get back on their feet. But it is clear more financial support will be needed for councils.
“Other measures from government could also make a massive difference in helping councils. These include allowing them to keep landfill tax and devolving new flood defence funding to local areas,” they said.
Local authorities have been hit with a landfill tax bill of more than £2.25m, as a result of the amount of flood-ruined furniture, belongings and white goods which cannot be recycled and have to be dumped in the ground, the LGA said.
Hacker qwertyoruiop just released a Webkit exploit for PS4s running on Firmware 4.0x.
According to the hacker, the exploit works up to firmware 4.06 at least (update: users have independently confirmed this also works on firmware 4.07), but it has been patched in firmware 4.50. People have confirmed the exploit seems to behave as expected on their 4.0x PS4, others have confirmed it works on firmware 3.55 as well.
Users who want to test the vulnerability can point their PS4 browser to http://rce.party/ps4/.
This is what this should look like if your PS4 is vulnerable to the exploit:
On firmware 4.50, this is the (self explanatory) error you'll get:
Details on the PS4 4.0x Webkit exploit
I assume people can start digging into the details of the exploit, however qwertyoruiop gave the precision that the exploit is triggered by a Use After Free vulnerability. We might see a writeup on the vulnerability at some point.
 bug used is a stack uninit read yielding UaF — qwertyoruiop (@qwertyoruiopz) March 29, 2017
What does the PS4 4.0x Webkit Exploit mean to the end user?
This is not a full console jailbreak, simply a usermode exploit within webkit at this point. The hacker gave the precision that this gives you arbitrary read/write, meaning hackers can start poking into memory. I would expect an upcoming release of known tools such as PS4 playground for tinkerers to easily start playing.
In other words, this is not something that is directly useful to the end user, and does not imply any jailbreak is coming soon (Firmware 3.55 has had a webkit exploit for quite some time now, but is still not fully hacked). Nevertheless, this is the first public released exploit for PS4 in a very long time (the last release was a 3.55 Webkit PoC in August 2016), and could trigger some further releases if it sparkles interest in the scene.
Note that any PS4 bought new today will ship with a firmware 4.0x or lower.
Stay tuned on our PS4 Jailbreak page for more details as they come.
Source: qwertyoruiop, thanks to everyone that sent this
Vodafone and trio of high street banks take action as industry and UK government ask how their ads became attached to extremist material
Google executives are bracing for a two-pronged inquisition from the advertising industry and the government over the company's plans to stop ads being placed next to extremist material.
A slew of big-name companies, advertising firms and government departments have either pulled their adverts from Google and its YouTube video site or are considering whether to do so, with media giant Sky, telecoms group Vodafone and a trio of banks adding their names to a growing list over the weekend.
Google ad controversy: what the row is all about Read more
The internet firm's European head, Matt Brittin, is one of two Google executives due to speak at the annual Advertising Week Europe event, attended by major companies in the advertising world.
Sources said Brittin was likely to face a flurry of questions about how adverts for major brands ended up attached to videos by extremists, including hate preachers and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke.
The ads help fund payments to the people who post the videos, with every 1,000 clicks worth about £6. Experts estimate this could have been worth £250,000 to extremists.
Brittin will be among the first people to address delegates on Monday when speakers will also include Unilever's chief marketing officer, Keith Weed.
Unilever declined to comment on whether it had suspended advertising through Google.
Leading advertising agencies have been quick to react, with French marketing firm Havas, whose clients include O2 and Royal Mail, pulling its adverts late last week. Publicis, the world's third-largest advertising firm, said it was reviewing its relationship with Google and YouTube.
The world's largest advertising firm WPP, via its media-buying division GroupM, has stopped short of cancelling ads but has written to major clients asking them how they wish to proceed.
GroupM's chief digital officer, Rob Norman, told Sky News that Google should apologise publicly to companies whose reputation has been “compromised”.
Mark Howe, head of Google's agencies business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, will also speak at Advertising Week Europe. Their responsibilities, according to a company biography, include ensuring that Google “builds lasting & trusted relationships with its customers”.
Brittin and Howe will be exposed to questions from advertising luminaries at the start of a week in which executives will have to explain themselves in a second meeting about the affair with government ministers.
In a letter to the company, Yvette Cooper, who chairs the home affairs select committee, accused the company of “profiting from hatred”.
And senior figures from Google were summoned to the Cabinet Office last week over concerns that taxpayer-funded adverts were appearing alongside “inappropriate” YouTube videos. Google executives apologised but were told to come back to the Cabinet Office this week with a plan and a timetable to remedy the problem.
The decision by Vodafone, Sky, HSBC, Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland to suspend their ads, or review whether to do so, follows action last week by other brands. They include McDonald's, L'Oréal, Audi, Sainsbury's, Argos and the BBC. Government spending has also been suspended while Tesco is understood to have “paused” spending on YouTube.
BT said: “We take our responsibilities as an advertiser seriously and have a robust set of safeguards in place to make sure our adverts don't appear on websites or content which may be dedicated to offensive themes”
While Google is yet to reveal what it plans to do, it is understood that advertisers will be told that they may not be making enough use of existing tools and it will offer to provide advice on how companies can better use these.
However, Google is also expected to take a wider look at how ads are placed, including whether it has put enough checks and balances in place to avoid unfortunate juxtapositions.
“We've heard from our advertisers and agencies loud and clear that we can provide simpler, more robust ways to stop their ads from showing against controversial content,” Ronan Harris, managing director of Google UK, said last week.
The Guardian is among the organisations to have withdrawn its advertising. Ads for the Guardian's membership scheme are understood to have been placed alongside extremist material after an agency acting on the media group's behalf used Google's AdX ad exchange, which uses an automated system known as programmatic trading.
(Last Updated On: February 9, 2019)
Why Do You Need a Mailing Address?
Typically when you move to a new place, you fill out a mail forwarding form with the post office, and they make sure your mail gets to your new address. What? You don't have an address? As full-time travelers, we don't have an address because we typically don't stay in one location for more than a month at a time.
That's part of the fun of this lifestyle, and we aren't alone. There are more and more people who are living the Digital Nomad/Location Independent lifestyle. We live and work online – shouldn't we have a virtual mailing address instead of a physical one? Unfortunately, that's not completely possible just yet. While we wait for the world to catch up, we still need to establish some legitimacy by having an address, even if we don't physically live there.
Many institutions require a physical address. The IRS, Department of Motor Vehicles, and voter registration are just a few government agencies who still operate (at least in part) by physical mail. In the private sector, some law offices, some financial institutions and banks, and even employers providing end of year tax documents often default to snail mail.
We also aren't able to purchase airline tickets or even sign up for some conferences that even cater to digital nomads, without supplying an address. Also, you clearly need an address for physical things – such as renewed credit cards and packages.
We've put together a list of options for nomads and travelers to deal with “permanent address” issue, along with some things to think about. We're originally from the United States, so our experience and advice is pretty USA-centric, but we've also included some resources for other places in the world.
A Virtual Mailbox is Your Starting Point
To start with, convert everything possible to electronic delivery. Before you even look at mail forwarding or other services, monitor your mail and convert everything you can to paperless billing and electronic delivery.
All of our credit cards statements, insurance renewals, and bank statements are available electronically. Even if you go with one of the mail forwarding or scanning services below, converting everything possible to delivery via email makes things cheaper and easier.
We use a separate email address just for bills, to keep things organized and so we don't miss notifications.
Does It Matter Where Your Mailing Address is Located?
If you're using your mailing address to establish residency in a particular state or region, it certainly can. Having a mailbox alone likely isn't enough to establish residency in a state, but it's certainly a start.
Driver's License
I'm a firm believer that it's a good idea to always have a valid driver's license – you'll never know when you'll need it, right? If you're picking a state to set as your residence, it's a good idea to check the renewal options. Are online renewals available? How long does a license last before you need to go in again in person?
Taxes
If you are a U.S. citizen, you're going to have to file (and pay, if you owe) federal taxes. The only way to avoid paying taxes is to give up your US citizenship, which can be costly (and generally not a good idea, in my opinion).
However, within the US, individual states levy taxes as well – but in different ways. There are currently seven states that do not have state income tax (and if you reside in those states don't need to file a state income tax return).
If it doesn't matter where your mail is being physically delivered, it can make sense to have a virtual mailing address in a state that has no income tax.
Voting
If you want to vote in local elections, you need an address. Of course, as a nomad, you'll want to make sure your state or region allows absentee ballots.
What Are Your Options for Mail when Abroad?
Use the Friends and Family Plan
The cheapest and easiest (for you) option is to forward your mail to a trusted friend or family member, and make them responsible for shuffling through your junk mail to find the one or two pieces of mail that might be important.
This requires a significant level of trust – typically those “important” mail items will involve financial or legal information. It's worth thinking about whether you want your chosen family member to be privy to your financial and legal woes.
I'll be honest, before researching these options, we used the family plan by having my dad open our mail. We had to brace ourselves on regular calls for their comments about how much we were spending on credit cards, and their thoughts about how our retirement savings accounts were performing (“It looks like it wasn't a good quarter for the 401K, Sean!”).
Use a Mail Scanning or Mail Forwarding Service
Fortunately, there are plenty of services that will receive your mail for you, scan the outside of the envelopes, and make the scan available to you, to decide if they should open it or not. From the envelope scan, you decide if you want the contents scanned, the mail discarded, or have the contents forwarded to you.
This is a great “virtual mail” option since the service provider basically converts your physical mail to electronic mail. We've compiled a list of the ones most used below, including their location and base cost.
Virtual Mailbox Options
How much does a Virtual Mailbox Cost?
The pricing on the above chart is just a guide, based on the monthly charges advertised on each of the company's sites (at the time of this writing). Almost all of these services have additional add-on costs based on volume of mail, storage requirements, whether you need mail forwarding, etc.
Each person's situation is different – make sure you read up on the charges and limitations in order to find the best option for your own. And watch the costs – the monthly fee usually covers a set number of letters/scans, and perhaps some basic mail forwarding service, but over this you get charged a per letter fee. Head's up: some services charge a postage deposit, shipping fees, enrollment and cancellation fees.
Determine What Mail Services You Need and What's Offered
Beyond just a mailing address, there is a huge range of services that some of these businesses provide, beyond simple mail forwarding. Many of these are offered at an additional cost, but if you need any of these, make sure they are an option for the mail scanner you sign up with.
Real Address vs. PO Box
UPS and FedEx do not ship to PO Boxes, only to “real” addresses, and if you are trying to use the address for residency purposes, a PO box will also send up some red flags. Most of these services have an address with a number similar to an apartment number.
Envelope Scanning/Online View
For a traveler, this is key – a scan of the outside of the envelopes allow you to mark the individual piece of mail as junk, or to be opened and have the contents scanned. The better service have an easy to use online site that allows you to review the scans and note what you need done.
Open and Scan Contents
Unless you making basic mail forwarding, with every item being sent to you, this is another critical service.
Package Receipt/Storage/Forwarding
Some services have limited space, and charge for package or parcel storage. If you need packages held for some time, check what the service's maximum hold time is. Some may also be geared solely for scanning mail and don't accept packages at all.
Package Consolidation
If you are receiving packages, some of these providers will repackage multiple packages into one for forwarding, saving you in shipping costs.
Check Deposit
Does anyone still receive physical checks? Try to get people to pay you electronically via ACH or funds transfer, or even PayPal. If that's still not an option, some of the mail services offer additional check deposit service.
Junk Mail Handling
I'd recommend this one. Many of these services will automatically go through your mail and discard obvious junk mail. If they don't, and scan everything, you can very easily hit your limit of maximum scans per month included in the base cost. Of course, there's always a risk that something that is not junk will be discarded.
Number of Recipients/Additional Names
If you are a couple or family, check to make sure they allow (or don't charge extra) for multiple recipients.
Email Notification
Do they offer email notification for new arrivals, or do you have to check the website yourself?
Signature Upon Delivery
Some packages and mail will require a signature upon delivery. Is there a physical person at the address that can sign?
Personal Shopper/Personal Assistant Services
Going either further afield, some of these providers even offer shopping services and assistant services, basically giving you a person on the ground in the location you choose.
Package Shipping and Forwarding Services
What if you are more concerned about packaging shipping than mail forwarding? One of the issues with traveling to far-flung countries is that you often don't have the ability to buy products online and have them shipped to your country. Even Amazon, by far the largest online retailer, only ships to approximately 75 countries. Other retailers have an even smaller list.
Parcel shipping or parcel forward services allow you to purchase from an online retailer, and have the products shipped to a USA address. The shipper will then consolidate the packages and ship them to you in whichever country you are.
Name Shipping Locations Cost AeroPost Latin America, Caribbean Based on weight/destination CR Box Costa Rica Weight-based JetBox Costa Rica Weight-based Shipito Worldwide 0-4/month Bongo International Worldwide Weight-based
Other Mail-related services
Below are a few additional mail-related services that we ran across while researching this article, that might be of use to nomads:
eBrief.de (Germany) and Click2Mail.com (USA) both offer a service in which you email a document, and they print and mail it via normal postal mail, with a return address local to their service.
eFax allows you to email an attachment, and they fax it to the recipient. Does anyone still use faxes?
If you've used other services related to mail forwarding, mail scanning, or package forwarding that we haven't included in this post, please leave a comment below and we'll add it to this resource page.
Related articles you may find helpful:
Looking for ways to manage money while living as an expat? Here are some tips on managing finances abroad.
Ever consider writing about your own experiences as an expat? Here's a guide about how to start a travel blog so that you can share your own experiences and tips.
And you can head to our Travel Resources section for other money saving and ways to travel more comfortably that we've compiled after 2+ years of full-time travel.
Featured photo by Judith E. Bell / CC
El ingeniero César Len, miembro del CEIS, detalló los inconvenientes que estarían afectando a la carrera al afirmar que "no se estarían cumpliendo las condiciones mínimas de seguridad para los espectadores y habitantes de la zona, ya que pudimos constatar que los módulos de hormigón armado para contención, que funcionarían como guarda rails, están simplemente apoyados sobre la calle, lo que hace que, aún unidos entre sí por alambrados, sea muy difícil que resistan el choque de un auto de carreras a más de 100 km/h".
En medio de la expectativa por la carrera deque se realizará este fin de semana en las calles porteñas, elprendió la luz de alarma al advertir varias fallas relacionadas a la seguridad que podrían complicar a espectadores, pilotos y trabajadores abocados a la realización del evento.
December 19th: The Mets officially announced Francisco's two-year deal.
December 6th: The Mets appear determined to fill out their entire bullpen before the night is out. The team has agreed to a two-year deal with Frank Francisco, pending a physical, tweets Ken Davidoff of Newsday. Francisco is the third reliever the Mets have added to the fold tonight, following their signing of Jon Rauch and their trade for Ramon Ramirez. Jon Paul Morosi of FOX Sports reports (via Twitter) that Francisco's two-year contract will earn the right-hander $12MM.
Francisco, 32, will close for the Mets, with Rauch setting up, tweets Davidoff, and Bryan Grosnick provides the fantasy spin at CloserNews.com. The Blue Jays employed a similar setup in their bullpen for much of the season, and will receive compensation picks for Francisco and Rauch, both Type B free agents. In their lone season in Toronto, Francisco posted a 3.55 ERA with 9.4 K/9 and 17 saves.
In MLBTR's list of this winter's top 50 free agents, Francisco ranked 44th. MLBTR's writers identified six different destinations for the righty in our prediction contest, but none of us picked the Mets.
This process can be almost magical in its effects: a committee in Washington gives some technical instructions to a trading desk in New York, and just like that, the economy creates millions of jobs.
But sometimes the magic doesn't work. And this is one of those times.
These days, it's rare to get through a week without hearing about another financial disaster. Some of this is unavoidable: there's nothing Mr. Bernanke can or should do to prevent people who bet on ever-rising house prices from losing money. But the Fed is trying to contain the damage from the collapse of the housing bubble, keeping it from causing a deep recession or wrecking financial markets that had nothing to do with housing.
Photo
So Mr. Bernanke and their colleagues have been doing the usual thing: printing up green paper and using it to buy bonds. Unfortunately, the policy isn't having much effect on the things that matter. Interest rates on government bonds are down — but financial chaos has made banks unwilling to take risks, and it's getting harder, not easier, for businesses to borrow money.
As a result, the Fed's attempt to avert a recession has almost certainly failed. And each new piece of economic data — like the news that retail sales fell last month — adds to fears that the recession will be both deep and long.
So now the Fed is following one of the options suggested in that 2004 paper, which was about things to do when conventional monetary policy isn't getting any traction. Instead of following its usual practice of buying only safe U.S. government debt, the Fed announced this week that it would put $400 billion — almost half its available funds — into other stuff, including bonds backed by, yes, home mortgages. The hope is that this will stabilize markets and end the panic.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Officially, the Fed won't be buying mortgage-backed securities outright: it's only accepting them as collateral in return for loans. But it's definitely taking on some mortgage risk. Is this, to some extent, a bailout for banks? Yes.
Still, that's not what has me worried. I'm more concerned that despite the extraordinary scale of Mr. Bernanke's action — to my knowledge, no advanced-country's central bank has ever exposed itself to this much market risk — the Fed still won't manage to get a grip on the economy. You see, $400 billion sounds like a lot, but it's still small compared with the problem.
Indeed, early returns from the credit markets have been disappointing. Indicators of financial stress like the “TED spread” (don't ask) are a little better than they were before the Fed's announcement — but not much, and things have by no means returned to normal.
What if this initiative fails? I'm sure that Mr. Bernanke and their colleagues are frantically considering other actions that they can take, but there's only so much the Fed — whose resources are limited, and whose mandate doesn't extend to rescuing the whole financial system — can do when faced with what looks increasingly like one of history's great financial crises.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The next steps will be up to the politicians.
I used to think that the major issues facing the next president would be how to get out of Iraq and what to do about health care. At this point, however, I suspect that the biggest problem for the next administration will be figuring out which parts of the financial system to bail out, how to pay the cleanup bills and how to explain what it's doing to an angry public.
CLOSE USA Today Sports' Sam Amick talks about the Golden State Warriors staff's visit to San Quentin State Prison. USA TODAY Sports
Golden State Warriors general manager Bob Myers smiles during the Warriors vs prisoners game at San Quentin. (Photo11: Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports)
SAN QUENTIN, Calif. — Allan McIntosh had never been so happy to lose a hard-fought game.
As the long and lean 40-year-old sat on a wooden bench next to the San Quentin prison basketball court they grinned at the way he'd fallen short in the latest annual pick-up game last week. Bob Myers, the Golden State Warriors general manager on most days but McIntosh's nemesis on this one, had earned their revenge in the form of a 43-point, 13-rebound, five-block, two-assist and two-steal show in a 99-76 win.
“Bob's a beast,” said McIntosh, 40, who grew up in Long Beach and is behind bars after a firearms possession conviction served as their third strike. “I couldn't do it today. Bob came out with a fury.”
Truth be told, the inmates had already won before the game even started.
If the Warriors were feeling the pressure of their title defense that tips off Tuesday night against the New Orleans Pelicans, this was an experience that made their challenge seem silly by comparison, even for interim head coach Luke Walton.
In pro sports terms, their task is as tough as they come: make the leap from relatively inexperienced assistant to head coach overnight, with a team that won it all the season before but which is without its second-year leader Steve Kerr, indefinitely because of health problems related to offseason back surgeries. On a day like this, perspective comes in heavy doses.
“What these guys go through, man,” Walton said shaking their head during a break in the first-half action. “For me, it's a nice day away from the constant grind of being the new interim. But for them…”
San Quentin is one of the world's most famous prisons, opened in 1852 and known for killers like Charles Manson and Scott Peterson and other high-profile criminals. Yet once a year for the past four years, it's a place that teems with rare joy when a group of Warriors fronts office members, coaches, staff members and even players show up to offer a welcome distraction.
The men who live here will be the first to tell you about the mistakes they made that put them in this place. But for two-plus hours — with an announcer on one side, scorekeepers on the other, officials and players in between and hoops-loving inmates all around — there is a little light amid their daily dose of darkness.
“It means a lot for all of you guys to come to what a lot would say is the worst place on earth,” McIntosh wrote in a handmade program that featured the Warriors logo on the front and hand-written messages from inmates on the inside pages. “It's more than basketball when you all show up, so thanks for really taking the time to see us as regular people! Win another (championship). Sincerely, Allan McIntosh #35”.
Golden State Warriors members and inmates pose for a photo before the Warriors vs prisoners game at San Quentin. (Photo11: Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports)
History of high-profile visits
As warden Ron Davis said earlier in the day, and as longtime inmates Lonnie Morris and Mack "Spanky" Brown remember firsthand just minutes before tipoff, the famous folks who visit here every so often are always a special treat. Mother Teresa was here before they died in 1997. Santana performed Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal here in 1988. Two years later, blues legend B.B. King stopped by and wound up leaving with one of the best live albums of their career.
Bonnie Raitt came by in 2001, not only to sing their songs but to share their struggle with alcohol and drugs in the hopes that she'd inspire a sober lifestyle. Former San Francisco 49ers football star Ronnie Lott touched souls with a powerful speech about how there are four quarters in every man's life.
But the difference this time, the thing that had them buzzing as if Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson were in the building, was that the world champions were in their house.
“This is huge,” said Curtis Carroll, a mid-30s man known as “Wall Street” for their ability to make money on the stock market — and teach others how to do so — behind the walls. “They're the champs now, so it's a totally different experience. It's camaraderie, credibility. What other place can you go for something like this?”
Yet still, it wasn't as raucous as the night they won it all.
Golden State Warriors interim head coach Luke Walton poses for a photo with an inmate painting during the Warriors vs prisoners game at San Quentin. The painting was created by reusing old paint. (Photo11: Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports)
A prison celebration
By all accounts, San Quentin is a place full mostly of Warriors and Los Angeles Lakers fans — a byproduct of its location. So when the Warriors finished off the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 6 of the Finals on June 16, with many of the “Mainline” inmates having watched the ABC broadcast inside their cells on televisions they can purchase for a few hundred bucks from approved vendors, the halls looked no different than those inside nearby Oracle Arena.
Because it took place during the allotted time in which the “Mainline” inmates are allowed to have their cell doors open, there was some rare freedom to roam. Grown men hooted and hollered as they ran up and down the line, their wait having been made worth it after months of radio-only enjoyment of their favorite team. The first two months of the Warriors' magical run, you see, was aired on cable channels that are not among the five that they receive (six including the closed-circuit SQTV).
“A lot of the LA guys didn't like it,” Morris says with a grin about the celebration.
At least one guy saw it coming.
The thing about Spanky's championship tribute, a work of Warriors art that couldn't be completed until he'd scrounged for spare paint around the prison yard, is that they finished it before they had actually won the title. The Warriors were playing the Houston Rockets in the Western Conference Finals at the time, yet Spanky — who has been behind bars for 45 years and who first learned how to paint while using human hair and M&Ms during their time at Pelican Bay — still scrawled those words in white above the images of the Golden State starting five staring over a white-picket fence.
“World Champions,” it reads.
“I had an epiphany,” Brown says with a proud smile.
Before the Warriors contingent would leave the premises, they would have a few autographs added to the painting too.
Golden State Warriors interim head coach Luke Walton (left) shakes hands with San Quentin Prison warden Ron Davis (right) before the Warriors vs prisoners game at San Quentin. (Photo11: Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports)
Grudge match ensues
As Myers walked into the facility with their group a nearby guard was quick with a punchline.
“You guys know the rule, right?” they said. “If you lose, you stay.”
Myers, a four-year player at UCLA and member of the Bruins' national championship team in 1995 whose Warriors team had fallen short for the first time in their visit the year before, fired back.
“Yeah, we're not here to lose,” Myers said.
In hindsight, the Warriors' 92-88 loss the summer before was one of the few blemishes on their otherwise-sterling record. Kerr's first-season magic that served them so well with the Warriors actual team had not been enough in the second half, after they took over for former Warriors associate head coach Alvin Gentry (now with the New Orleans Pelicans). The San Quentin community had certainly cherished their victory, as evidenced in the lead to the game story that was published in the prison's newspaper.
“Incredible, but true,” San Quentin News sports editor Rahsaan Thomas wrote.
“You guys won the right to be called the Real Warriors fair and square,” assistant general manager/owner's son Kirk Lacob told them at the time.
Lacob, sympathetic sort who has become a champion of the Warriors' San Quentin visits and who sees it as evidence of the power of sports, wasn't there to lose either.
Even before the game began, the 27-year-old who played high school basketball in nearby Atherton was trash talking in ways that one would typically not advise in this type of setting. But the prison politics — the separation of the yard based on race and affiliation, the constant need to be alert that can wear down the mind — fall by the wayside when the Warriors are here.
“Sports has a way of breaking down barriers,” Morris said.
There is a respect and a rapport built over the past few years that makes this special scene possible, a decency that serves as a reminder that there are two sides to almost every man. So Lacob, unflinchingly, found their way to a familiar face underneath the rim for a bit of friendly banter.
The loudest of Lakers fans — a heavy-set man wearing the blue standard-issue garb — had made a habit in previous meetings of highlighting the Warriors' many failures from the darker days of their history. Lacob was sure to share how the Warriors had routed the Lakers in a preseason game the night before, to which the man quipped that they'd be headed for the proverbial parking lot if not for the restrictive state of their current condition. Two minutes into the game, Lacob was at it again.
“Weak ass move,” they yelled after receiving a disagreeable foul call.
The nearby corner full of convicts erupted in laughter.
Before long, Walton — a two-time champion during their playing days with the Lakers who had their fair share of supporters — would face the kind of critics who put anyone in the NBA media world to shame. They airballed a three-pointer.
“Big men don't shoot threes, Luke!” one man yelled.
They drew a foul on a shot attempt, then went to the line amid a chorus of boos with the Warriors up 18-13. Then the Warriors – coached by assistant coach Jarron Collins, with Myers, Lacob Walton, assistant coach/player development Chris DeMarco, and special assistant Nick U'Ren making up the starting five and reserve big man Marreese Speights on hand for moral support – began to pull away.
But harsh reality set in. The alarms sounded, signifying a disturbance of some kind on the premises and mandating the “Get Down productions,” as the announcer playfully calls it. The visitors can stay standing, but the inmates must hit the ground. When the all-clear message was sent, the game resumed.
The inmates took this in stride, in part because it's routine but also because they're not about to let this mood be soured. Near the end of the game, Bob “Big Money” Myers — as they were deemed — got an unprecedented standing ovation when they checked out for the final time. They all said their goodbyes not long after, taking pictures and sharing handshakes and hugs as if this were one big family barbecue.
Their day at this prison park was over.
“It's easy to get lost in the NBA life,” Lacob says. “It's easy to forget how we got here, the path we took to the life that we have and to take that for granted. Sometimes all we need is a little perspective. We may think we know what it's like for other people, but until you go and see it with your own eyes and touch it and feel it, you don't know.”
The unprovoked attack of a man walking on a sidewalk in downtown Baltimore last week — video of which went viral online — was one of three such incidents that led to the arrests of nine young people that day, according to court records.
Baltimore Police last week announced charges in the filmed incident against eight juveniles aged 12 to 16 and an 18-year-old man named Darell Smith. In fact, just three boys were charged in that attack, police acknowledged Monday.
However, those same three boys and two other boys were charged in a second attack, police said, and those five boys, three girls and Smith were all charged in a third violent attack.
In court records filed in the case against Smith, police recounted responding to the initial call for "a large group of juveniles running around in the streets," and then to several subsequent calls about additional attacks as the teens allegedly moved through the downtown area.
Smith, of the 1700 block of E. Belvedere Avenue, is charged with robbery, conspiracy to commit robbery, second-degree assault, theft and possession of brass knuckles with the intent to cause injury in the third incident. They could not be reached for comment and did not have an attorney listed in online court records Monday.
The eight juvenile suspects were charged with unarmed robbery and second-degree assault, police said. They include a 12-year-old boy, a 13-year-old girl, two 14-year-old boys, a 14-year-old girl, and a 16-year-old boy and girl, all from Baltimore, as well as a 13-year-old Baltimore County boy.
The filmed attack, in the 100 block of E. Baltimore Street near the Charles Center Metro station, left Chris Balanesi, 39, with minor injuries, they said in a Monday interview.
"I got a couple bruises," they said. "They clocked me in the face probably a little more than I would like to admit."
According to the police account in court records, Balanesi went to police headquarters to be interviewed about the assault and was able to track their phone — which had been stolen during the attack — to the area of Fayette Street and Guilford Avenue using an online tracking service.
"At that exact time a call was dispatched for a group of juveniles assaulting someone" in the same area, police wrote.
When police responded there, they located another man in the nearby 300 block of Holliday Street who was "bleeding heavily" with a possible broken nose, police said.
That man told police they were "struck in the face, fell to the ground and then a large group of apparent juveniles attempted to take their phone."
The man got in a patrol vehicle with officers as they "began to follow the group of juveniles."
About an hour after the initial call came in for the attack near Charles Center, police were able to stop a group of five boys and three girls in the 300 block of N. High Street, they wrote.
The man with the bloody nose identified the five boys as their attackers, while Balanesi, whose phone was recovered in the area, identified three of the boys as their attackers, police wrote.
Around the same time, police located a third man who said they had been assaulted in the 200 block of E. Fayette Street. They identified all eight of the juveniles and Smith as their attackers, police wrote.
Smith was released from detention Sunday on a $25,000 unsecured bond, according to online court records, and has a preliminary hearing scheduled for March 30.
T.J. Smith, a police spokesperson, said last week police believe the same group of teens may be responsible for other unprovoked attacks, but charges have not been filed.
Balanesi said it was strange to see a video of their attack spreading online, but "immensely satisfying to know that I helped get these kids off these streets, to stop terrorizing people."
They said they are grateful for the police department's swift work making arrests.
"I saw it firsthand, the police work that was being done," they said. "It was interesting and really cool to see."
krector@baltsun.com
twitter.com/rectorsun
As many as 41 Indian sailors in four merchant ships are stranded in UAE's Ajman anchorage after their owner seized their passports and was untraceable, reports Times of India. Out of the four ships, two are reportedly leaking thereby forcing the stranded sailors to send SOS messages to save their lives. Family members of the sailors have tweeted to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj — who is also known for their Twitter responses — asking for help. The sailors too have repeatedly been tweeting to various stakeholders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Minister V K Singh, International organisations like Sailors' Society and Seafarers UK.
@SushmaSwaraj mam our ship have holes and to much water coming in!
Comp not taking responsibility please help us we want to go back home! pic.twitter.com/DyieErOMXO — Anoop Pathak (@Anoop01699240) January 5, 2017
The Indian embassy in Riyadh also directed the sailors to approach the Consulate General of India in Dubai. Narrating their ordeal on Twitter, some of the sailors tweeted that they have run out on diesel and few among them had not been paid for almost 15 months. According to the report, the sailors were surviving on dal and rice whilst facing shortage of water. The sailors also said that when they called their owner to report holes inside the vessel, the owner reportedly put them off by asking them to call “only when the ship begins sinking or someone dies.” According to the Captain, the owner had taken the passports of all the sailors and could not be traced anymore.
@trulydj respected sir, we are 41 indian sailors stranded in ajman anchorage ..and not paid since 15months plze help us.. — Rajesh G (@RajeshGoli1) December 28, 2016
Sushma Swaraj on Friday took note of the incident and assured that the incident would be resolved. Tweeting a copy of the report, Swaraj said: “I have seen the news report. We will resolve this.”
Editor's Note: This article is part one of a two-part series by Eric Brown exploring Linux-based alternatives to the Android mobile operating system. Part two takes a closer look at Firefox OS, Open WebOS, Sailfish, Tizen, and Ubuntu: 5 Mobile Linux OSes that Dare to Compete With Android.
So far, there has been but one big mobile Linux success story: Android. It has come to dominate the smartphone world and is rapidly closing the gap on tablets. While Android has an open source license, Google's open governance policy has been spotty, inspiring a stream of new mobile operating systems from developers who are more FOSSy about their mobile devices. The projects are typically backed by mobile device vendors and carriers looking for more autonomy from Google and Apple.
The first generation of mobile Linux contenders floundered under the combined juggernaut of Android and Apple's iOS, which together have also flummoxed proprietary platforms like Microsoft's Windows Phone and RIM's BlackBerry. Yet, growing patent litigation has increased the willingness to invest in alternatives. Android vendors worry that Google may favor its Motorola subsidiary, and they are already chafing at Google's delays in releasing Android updates. Both vendors and carriers are looking to more open and customizable platforms as the means to establish their own branding.
Unlike their more stable server and desktop cousins, mobile Linux operating systems (OSes) have existed in a topsy-turvy world where platforms rarely reach shipping products, but never really die. Instead, they continually break apart and recombine like 60's super groups or adolescent planets.
Yet there are signs that those planets are starting to mature and solidify. By this time next year, a variety of phones should be available running mobile-ready Linux operating systems such as Tizen, Firefox OS and Jolla's MeeGo-based "Sailfish." New devices may arrive by then for Ubuntu and Open WebOS, as well.
Most of these projects are partial re-spins of earlier efforts. Recombinant code from one of the original Linux mobile projects -- LiMo -- helps to make up Tizen, and Jolla is recasting MeeGo's Mer branch into its Sailfish operating system. Meanwhile, HP's WebOS has been reborn as the open source Open WebOS, released as version 1.0 on Sept. 28. Even the "new" contender, Mozilla's Firefox OS, is largely based on one of the most popular open source projects of all time: the Firefox browser.
App Gaps and Patent Slaps
All these platforms face huge barriers in breaking into the mobile world. In addition to taking on Google and Apple, they must compete with second-tier platforms such as Microsoft and RIM. Beyond the basic challenges of signing up key investors, vendors and carriers, the projects must quickly develop enough applications to compete with the huge libraries of Android and iOS. As Palm and HP discovered with WebOS, the lack of a sizable app library can kill you, especially on the high end.
The need for app diversity is somewhat less pressing on the low end, and indeed, most of the new open source players are initially debuting on affordable phones sold in emerging markets. At the very least, this lets them avoid competing with Apple. That strategy makes sense, but is far from foolproof. Android is already well established on the low end, having invaded much of Symbian's feature-phone turf.
Finally, while the new mobile projects are designing firmware with an eye toward limiting liability, none are immune to patent attacks. Should one of these OSes manage to carve off a few percentage points of market share, the patent lawyers will be ready to pounce.
HTML5 Shines a Light
So far, Tizen appears to have the greatest vendor and carrier backing. Hosted by the Linux Foundation, Tizen is principally supported by Samsung and Intel. Samsung may be the leading vendor of Android devices, but that hasn't stopped it from previously pursuing its own feature-phone targeted Bada OS. Bada has faded, but Samsung is actively working to integrate Bada code in Tizen.
Following Apple's successful lawsuit against its Android products, Samsung has more motivation than ever to promote another, more robust alternative. The first Samsung-built Tizen phones are expected by early next year. Intel has also invested in Android, to the point that there are now a half dozen Intel Atom-based Android phones on the market, but the chipmaker is always looking to stake a claim on the next big platform.
Another mobile vendor that has thrived with Android -- China's ZTE -- is instead sampling Firefox OS, which like Tizen, is built on a foundation of HTML5. This next-gen web standard could help both projects hurdle the app barrier by turning the huge base of HTML-savvy web developers into app developers. Web-based apps should be faster to develop, and ideally, compatible with other HTML5 platforms.
Earlier this year, it was speculated that either Tizen or Firefox OS would be ideal candidates for a much-rumored Facebook-branded phone, especially since Facebook has invested heavily in HTML5. Yet in September, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg not only said a Facebook phone "just doesn't make any sense," but also said "The biggest mistake we made as a company was betting too much on HTML5 rather than native."
While a Facebook game-changer appears to be off the table, HTML5 still seems to be the best choice for a forward-looking OS facing a steep app gap. Projects that are less focused on HTML5 will need other strategies to close that gap. Many of the 10,000 apps listed in the WebOS app catalog may well migrate to Open WebOS, with the help of HP's newly open sourced Enyo 2.0 Javascript development environment. Jolla, meanwhile, has said it may adopt OpenMobile's Application Compatibility Layer (ACL) for Sailfish. ACL is claimed to run some 400,000 Android apps on top of MeeGo, Tizen, WebOS and other platforms.
Canonical is pushing a two-pronged mobile strategy for Ubuntu. With its ARM-compatible, touch-enabled Unity UI layer, Ubuntu can run on tablets, at least in rudimentary form, and will be optimized for the form-factor by 2014, says Canonical. That future release will also support smartphones, but that may be a bit of a reach for this desktop-based distro. More immediately addressing smartphones, Canonical has sidestepped the app issue by announcing an OEM product called Ubuntu for Android that enables the two platforms to coexist simultaneously.
Should any of these open source contenders falter, others may be ready to take their place. On Aug. 7, the GNOME Foundation revealed plans for GNOME OS, a touch-enabled mobile platform due in 2014. GNOME OS is primarily intended as a development platform for GNOME desktop apps, but will also run as a standalone OS. This makes it a potential foundation for a mobile-ready Linux distro of the future.
Killing Hope: U.S. Military and C.I.A. Interventions since World War II by William Blum is a history book on covert CIA operations and United States military interventions during the second half of the 20th century. The book takes a strongly critical view of American foreign policy.[1]
The book covers various US foreign policy ventures from just after World War II onward. Its basic premise is that the American Cold War-era activities abroad were done with imperialist motives.[2] It is an updated and revised version of one of Blum's previous works, The CIA - A Forgotten History (1986).
Critical reception [ edit ]
Noam Chomsky called this book "far and away the best book on the topic."[3] John Stockwell described it as "[t]he single most useful summary of CIA history", Ramsey Clark judged it a "valuable contribution", and International Security's Teresa Pelton Johnson wrote: "Blum has performed a very important service in collecting this information in one place, and the documentation is praiseworthy."[4]
Ted Dace characterized Killing Hope as "[a] good, long look in the mirror".[5]
Reviewing the earlier version of this book, Choice's R. H. Immerman wrote: "By falling prey to the same Manichean absolutism that has hamstrung US global policies, Blum has compromised the credibility of their work. They have nevertheless produced a valuable reference for anyone interested in the conduct of US foreign policy."[6]
Julia Muravska unfavorably compared Killing Hope with the work of academic historians such as William Keylor, stating that Blum's criticism of the U.S. occurs in an historical vacuum without any consideration for Soviet actions that "would have also helped the reader understand what drove the US foreign policy decisions that today's citizens find so morally repugnant." Although they noted that much of the book is "heavily and meticulously footnoted," Muravska harshly criticized the 2014 edition's "The American Empire Post-Cold War" chapter for "unsubstantiated claims" and shallow analysis, observing that "Blum relies on ... RT to make their case" regarding the post-2013 Ukrainian crisis.[7]
Editions [ edit ]
First published in 1995,[8] it has since been updated several times by the author.
2000 revised edition (Black Rose Books) ISBN 1-55164-096-1
ISBN 1-55164-096-1 2003 revised edition (Common Courage Press) ISBN 1-56751-252-6
ISBN 1-56751-252-6 2014 Updated Edition (Zed Books) ISBN 978-1783601776
See also [ edit ]
Unauthorized immigrants schooled in Michigan and all military and honorably discharged veterans will now receive in-state tuition rates at the University of Michigan.
Michigan student Curdit Suri holds a sign as they address University of Michigan regents in support of tuition equality during a December 2012 board of regents meeting at the Michigan Union. Melanie Maxwell | AnnArbor.com file photo
The Board of Regents voted 6-2 to approve the change to its residency guidelines during a 3 p.m. public meeting Thursday at the North Campus Research Complex.
The vote was along party lines, with the board's Democrats voting in favor of the measure and Republicans voting against it.
The approval means affected students pay $27,250 less in tuition. In the fall Michigan residents will pay $13,142 a year, while non-residents will pay $40,392. Under current tuition levels, the difference amounts to $109,000 over the course of four years.
Regent Andrew Richner, a Republican, said they have concerns about the legality of the policy and voted against it. Meanwhile, regent Mark Bernstein, a Democrat, praised the change, saying that as a public university U-M should embrace immigrant students.
"This university has always been a place with profoundly important public mission," Bernstein said, adding that a century ago their family would have been considered unauthorized. "A new generation comes to us with the same exact hopes and dreams."
Andrea Fischer Newman, a Republican from Ann Arbor, was supportive of offering in-state rates to veterans, but not unauthorized immigrants.
"This is a matter best left to the federal government. I'm concerned about whether this is appropriate under federal law and believe this type of national issue should be resolved at the federal level," they said.
The changes were recommended by top U-M administrators after a year-long consideration of U-M's residency requirements.
Sixteen states have provisions for unauthorized immigrants who grew up in the state to attend state colleges at the reduced rate. Fourteen states provide the allowance through legislation. In Michigan, however, the state's three research universities are constitutionally autonomous and residency requirements are set by school's governing boards.
Under existing practices, unauthorized immigrants who grew up in Michigan pay the out-of-state rate to attend the state's flagship university. Under new guidelines, students who attended Michigan middle school and high school will have the ability to pay in-state rates as long as they matriculate to the Ann Arbor school within 28 months of graduating from high school.
The university's residency requirements have been criticized as making it difficult for veterans from Michigan to receive the in-state rate if they were stationed overseas for a long period of time. The proposed changes will ensure all active military and honorably discharged veterans, regardless of their home state, will receive the in-state rate.
"Over the past 10 years our country has asked a lot of its veterans," said Joshua Simister, a U-M student and leader of the school's Student Veterans of America chapter. "We've been frustrated over the past 10 years that we have not had full access to in-state tuition."
Simister said U-M's prior guidelines were "a little bit ludicrous."
"Of all the hurdles [returning veterans] face, removing one hurdle ... changes the life of that veteran." they said.
Hundreds of students have been advocating for tuition equality for about two years, protesting outside the Michigan Union and staging sit-ins at university governance meetings.
"They consider themselves Wolverines, because they grew up in Michigan," Jose Contreras told regents Thursday, speaking of their two sons who attended elementary, middle and high school in Ann Arbor. Their son Javier has been vocal at regents meetings over the past year, petitioning regents to change their residency policies. "They were like 4- or 5-years-old when they grew up here. They have so many friends. They are not considered Mexicans."
Regent Julia Darlow said the student activism compelled the Board of Regents to look at an issue many hadn't considered previously. They said students "worked for so long and so effectively to bring this proposal before us."
The changes represent the first comprehensive residency guideline revisions since 2005. The changes would take effect in January 2014.
In each of the past two years, students have filed about 2,000 applications for resident classification on all three U-M campuses. According to U-M figures, nearly 80 percent of those were granted in-state tuition.
Kellie Woodhouse covers higher education for AnnArbor.com. Reach them at kelliewoodhouse@annarbor.com or 734-623-4602 and follow them on Twitter.
As a part of a day at nudist resort recently I decided to get a nudist massage. I have had massages before but not as a nudist. This was my first nudist massage. I was very stressed and was looking forward to it, but I wondered how different it might be. Once I got to the resort I made the call to setup the appointment I decided on a hour-long massage as the price was quite reasonable less than I have paid elsewhere.
After the call I had some time to kill so I decided to sit in the hot tub to loosen up my muscles a bit. After sitting in the hot tub an swimming some laps in the heated pool I was ready for my massage. The masseuse S. who is a nudist and resident at the resort, was waiting for me when I arrived at the massage room. They were dressed in a loose fitting t-short and pants. That was the first answer to my question.
Recently a masseuse @MassageBucks who is also a naturist – @socksoff1 wrote their response to people asking them if they did “naturist” massage. By that they meant did they do their work while nude. Them response appropriately, was it would not be professional. While I agreed with the thought I had forgotten to ask about it when scheduling the appointment. So the answer to my question was, this massage would be no less professional than a non nudist massage.
After filling out some paper work S. was ready to begin. Then they asked if I wanted to be draped the cloth or not, to which I replied whatever is appropriate. S. said most nudist don't use it but they always ask since their non nudist clients .textiles” in their own words and some newbie nudist prefer it , I decided against. This was the only significant difference between my nudist massage and massages I had previously. The rest of the massage was relaxing with some calming music playing in the background casual conversation and checking in on how I was feeling.
For my part not being covered, allowed my skin could breathe as the muscles were being massaged and kneaded. The room temperature was just right, and aided in the loosening up my tight muscles. The jojoba oil used had a pleasant fragrance. S. did a wonderful job always checking to se if there was too much or too little pressure. Truth be told I did not want the massage to end, but as the saying goes “all good things must come to an end.”
When the massage ended S. encouraged me to drink lots of water and gave me a sample of the oil, and sent me happily on my way. It was one of the best massages I have ever had and hope to have another massage with them again. All in all my naturist massage was professional and well done, something I do again whenever I am at the resort more regularly.
Related articles
Photo by gaelx
Video: Ash in a jet engine
The passengers on board a 1982 British Airways flight from London to Auckland, New Zealand, know that volcanic ash and jet engines are a dangerous mix. All four of BA flight 009's engines failed simultaneously after it flew through an ash cloud. But mysteriously, they all kicked into life before disaster could strike. Now we might finally be able to say why.
Although 100,000 flights were cancelled earlier this year following the eruption of the Eyjafjallajökull volcano in Iceland, little is known about the effects of ash on jet engines. One reason for this is the reluctance of engine makers to destructively test many different types of engine, each costing in the region of $12 million.
Advertisement
So Thorsteinn Sigfusson at the University of Iceland in Reyjavijk and their team decided to mimic in the lab what happens when a jet engine flies through ash. They built a ceramic crucible and placed turbine vanes from used jet engines inside, before heating it to 1150 ºC – the typical in-flight temperature.
Next, they sieved volcanic ash collected from farmland near Eyjafjallajökull and kept those particles that were 57 micrometres in diameter or less. These are the particles that reached aircraft cruising altitudes, above 9 kilometres, in European skies during the eruption. They then loaded the ash into a sandblaster and fired it at the hot blades.
Jumping ash
The red-hot vanes became coated in a glassy film as the ash melted, so much so that a real jet engine would clog up and fail. But when the team dropped the temperature to 720 ºC – a temperature an engine will cool to after failing – the ash began jumping off the vanes until most of it had gone (see video, above).
The glass, says Sigfusson, had reached a transition temperature and changed into a crystal structure that could not stick to the alloy.
“With the BA plane in 1982, the natural transition in the basaltic glass somehow cleaned the deposits from the blades so they could restart the engines. I think we are seeing that same glass transition,” says Sigfusson.
“My vision would be that we can look at ways to somehow de-ash an engine that has passed a volcano with this knowledge,” they say. “It shows that cooling the engine can cause self-removal of the trouble.”
The finding will be submitted to the Icelandic Civil Aviation Administration. It will be seized upon by engineers, says Fred Prata at the Norwegian Institute for Air Research in Kjeller. “I have never seen ash actually melting on a turbine blade or other hot engine part before,” they say. Analysis of the video could be “helpful and fascinating”, they add.
Michelle Nunn — the Democrat running in the very close U.S. Senate contest in Georgia — has a problem on their hands now that an exhaustive campaign plan drafted by aides has leaked in the media.
The document, revealed online Monday by the National Review, describes the candidate's liabilities likely to be exploited by opponents. It also specifically describes the necessity of raising money from Jews, Asians and gays while working to increase turnout of African-Americans and Latinos.
Speaking of the Jewish community, the document notes: “There is tremendous financial opportunity.”
“Michelle's position on Israel will largely determine the level of support here,” the document states, with a goal of raising $250,000.
The campaign document also calls for staffers to produce “pushback documents” on “each identified vulnerability in Michelle's record, as well as common attacks frequently leveled against Democratic Senate candidates.”
Topics the campaign expects could be used against her: the activities of Points of Light, the non-profit they lead, and the salary they earn; the notion that they are “too liberal,” a “rubber stamp for Democrats,” “Obama's/Harry Reid/Nancy Pelosi Best Friend,” “not a ‘real' Georgian,” and is “a lightweight.”
Problematic issues the campaign should be ready for, the document notes, include Obamacare, gay marriage and guns.
The 144-page memo appears to have been written by Democratic strategist Diane Feldman.
Nunn is running against Republican David Perdue. The Real Clear Politics Average has Purdue leading 43.7 percent to 42 percent.
Read the full document uploaded by NRO:
2014 Michelle Nunn Campaign Memo by natrev
Follow Alex on Twitter
United Nations says the level of destruction is 'unprecedented' as 30,000 people in Beit Hanoun alone need rehousing
Tens of thousands of people across Gaza returned to their homes on Monday as a tenuous ceasefire held and hopes rose of an end to the month-long conflict between Israel and Hamas.
Local officials and humanitarian workers began to inspect the latest damage the war had caused in the overcrowded enclave, with assessments indicating earlier estimates may have been optimistic.
In Gaza City, which has a population of half a million, 20%-25% of the housing stock had been damaged, said Nihad al-Mughni of the engineering department.
Mohammed al-Kafarna, the mayor of Beit Hanoun, a northern town which saw fierce fighting and heavy bombardment, said 70% of homes were uninhabitable. "Basically the town is unliveable. There is no power, water or communications. There are not the basics for life," they said.
In Shawkat, a neighbourhood of Rafah city in the south which saw heavy fighting after an earlier ceasefire collapsed within hours, 300 out of 2,000 houses had been destroyed, along with the town hall.
"You can't imagine the destruction," said Adel Lubda, the chief council engineer.
Previous estimates of 65,000 rendered homeless in Gaza now look conservative. In Beit Hanoun alone, about 30,000 people will have to be rehoused. The town is just one of around a dozen communities lying in the two-mile "free fire zone" declared by Israeli troops to have been devastated during the most intense period of fighting.
Gaza has a population of 1.8 million and already had a chronic shortage of housing before this latest conflict, the third in six years between Hamas and Israel.
On Monday, the United Nations called the level of destruction "unprecedented".
Israeli air strikes in Gaza continued until the ceasefire agreed late on Sunday evening by Hamas under heavy Egyptian pressure came into effect. Israeli military officials said they had attacked terrorist targets. Around 20 people had been killed since the previous truce expired on Friday. More than 1,900 Palestinians, mostly civilians, have died in the war.
Militant factions allied to Hamas fired rockets and mortars into Israel over the weekend. More than 3,000 rockets have now been launched from Gaza in recent weeks, killing three in Israel. Sixty-four Israeli soldiers have been killed.
Nadia Dibsy, of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), said it had been impossible to properly assess the overall magnitude of the damage.
North of Beit Lahia on Monday, people picked through the ruins of a series of apartment blocks facing the border with Israel that have been almost totally destroyed. Ibrahim Jassa, 33, an unemployed labourer, said: "I have nothing, except seven children. No job, no home, just the clothes we were wearing when we left."
Sabr al-Gharboui, 53, said three apartments they had shared with their sons had all been reduced to rubble. "I have no idea what we will do. We just hope the ceasefire will hold. But what happens next? That's what worries us."
Though local electricity engineers were hopeful of restoring the supply of power to Gaza's prewar levels of six to 10 hours a day in some areas, it may take years to recommission the only power station, which was destroyed on 29 July. Pumping stations, power transmission networks and water pipes have all been badly damaged.
One sewage outflow pipe, serving nearly half a million people, has been severed. Huge quantities of raw sewage are flowing into the sea or on to fields. "Access to clean water has always been a challenge. Now it is a scarcity," said Dibsy.
More than 200,000 people remain in UN-run shelters, afraid or unable to return home, with many more staying with relatives. Food prices have risen sharply since the start of the war as fields are inaccessible or full of unexploded ordnance, and farms have been badly damaged.
But shops and markets across Gaza were busy on Monday, with restaurants opening for the first time for a month.
The lack of a definitive end to hostilities will mean material needed for reconstruction cannot be brought into Gaza. The importing of construction material is a contentious issue as Israel believes Hamas will use it to build cross-border tunnels that threaten its security. More than 30 such tunnels have been destroyed during the conflict, Israel has said.
Health provision in Gaza has been badly hit. Ten out of 26 hospitals – 40% of total beds – have been shut, officials said, and only a handful reopened.
In Beit Hanoun, the 60-bed hospital was shut after being hit by shell fire. On Monday, staff swept away glass as they prepared to open a five-bed emergency ward. The hospital had dealt with 348 dead or injured before being closed and was now short of all basic medical supplies, according to Dr Ayman Hamdian, its director.
Israel says medical supplies can reach Gaza despite the blockade imposed since 2006 and tightened in 2007. Lifting this blockade is a key demand of Hamas.
The concession Hamas wants most from Israel, officials from the group have told the Guardian, is the right to build a port and airport in Gaza – facilities promised to the Palestinians under the Oslo peace deal but currently ruled out by Israel as a potential security threat.
Israel has demanded that Hamas disarm, which the Islamist organisation has said is out of the question.
Scores of victims of this most recent conflict are still being treated in the al-Shifa hospital in Gaza. They include Yasmin al-Bakri, 11, and their sister Hanin, nine, who were seriously injured when their family tried to flee intense shelling of their neighbourhood in Shujai'iya. Five family members, including their mother and two sisters, were killed. The older of the two girls will recover from 15% burns and a fractured arm, doctors said. Hanin, however, has head injuries, facial burns and may lose their hand.
Another woman, whose seven-year-old niece is now paralysed from the neck down, said they welcomed the ceasefire. "There has been enough killing," said Umm Ibrahim.
The head statuary of Easter Island is instantly recognizable to people all over the world, but who would have guessed that, lurking beneath the soil, these famous mugs also had bodies?
The Easter Island Statue Project Conservation Initiative, which is funded by the Archaeological Institute of America, has been excavating two of the enormous figures for the last several years, and have found unique petroglyphs carved on their backs that had been conserved in the soil. Their research has also yielded evidence of how the carvers were paid with food such as tuna and lobster, as well as clues to how the enormous structures were transported.
To find out more and follow their work, check out their website at the link below.
Full story at Easter Island Statue Project via The Mary Sue.
Discoveries in archaeology.
A spokesperson for HSBC confirmed its exit to AFR Weekend and said the bank would refocus its marketing dollars towards other projects.
They denied there was anything more to it than the bank moving on after "five successful years".
Too risky
This would suggest other big foreign banks operating in China will jump at the chance to sponsor the survey and have their name splashed all over the media each month.
Not so, according to one person who was approached to take on the sponsorship.
While attracted by the branding opportunity their organisation declined as it was "too risky" in the current climate.
"If you are a sizeable bank that wants to do more business in China you don't want to make parts of the Chinese government angry," says the person who asked not to be named. "Sponsoring the survey is likely to affect your future business expansion in China."
The issue is that the HSBC/Markit PMI has been consistently weaker or more negative over the last year than the official PMI released by China's National Bureau of Statistics. In a country where the official narrative on everything from the economy to the weather is tightly controlled, this is a problem as it reinforces the view that China's official data can't be trusted.
Advertisement
Putting your name to such a high profile survey therefore makes you a target for China's regulators, according to the source.
"We don't want any extra attention," they say.
Leaking fears
A secondary issue is the risk the information may leak internally and be used by traders at the bank to profit.
After the Libor rigging scandals of recent years that would provide another nasty regulatory headache and potentially open the bank up to litigation and fines.
But the far bigger risk in taking on such a sponsorship is the Chinese government and its obsession with controlling information, particularly anything that might indicate the economy is weaker than the official data suggests.
Beijing already has a long track record of stopping such information being made public. According to one economist who tracks data releases closely, China's National Bureau of Statistics stopped publishing detailed break downs on the production of some building materials as the housing market started to sour last year.
This meant economists found it more difficult to cross-check official statistics on property construction.
Advertisement
A similar tactic was used in the auto sector. When some began questioning official car sales figures by pointing to a drop in registrations, the government stopped reporting the latter. The lack of transparency on official statistics is paired with tight control of the local media.
On Tuesday when the Shanghai Composite Index was down 5 per cent at lunch time, Chinese propaganda authorities directed local journalists to minimise their coverage. If they did report on the dramatic morning session they should emphasize the "positive" aspects of the share market boom not dwell on the negatives, according to a message seen by the AFR Weekend.
Another issue is the collection of what is often deemed sensitive information in China. This is a very large grey area and has seen the likes of BHP Billiton put strong internal controls in place when it sends research teams into the field in China. So worried is the big miner about being accused of stealing state secrets that it aggregates statistics from regions rather than individual areas, so as to not be seen as monitoring individual steel plants or iron ore mines.
This is the environment facing Markit as it prepares to announce a new sponsor for its China PMI and others in the region. Richard Willis, a director of Markit, says the new partner would be announced shortly.
"It's a blue chip name …. but no its' not a bank," they said via phone from London. "Times have changed and banks are certainly more risk averse these days."
The new sponsorship deal ensures the China PMI will survive as a closely watched, but more importantly, independent data point for those trying to make sense of the world's second biggest economy.
The Rockies' summertime tendency to feel like a gigantic tour bus parking lot can undermine anyone's ability to commune with Canada's greatest outdoor wonderland. But there are ways to bypass the masses – if you know where to go.
"There's something special about Horseshoe Lake in Jasper," says Banff travel writer and Rockies' expert Andrew Hempstead (thecanadianrockies.com). "You'll be sharing it with local swimmers and cliff divers but there's room for everyone – and it's easy to find picnic spots with sweeping lake views."
It's not their only recommendation: "Waterton Lakes National Park doesn't get as much attention as Banff and Jasper, but it's laced with trails and has all the activities and amenities of its northern neighbours."
Story continues below advertisement
You can also eschew the queues with lesser-known things-to-do. Hempstead suggests guided hikes to the Burgess Shale fossil beds in Yoho National Park or renting canoes or stand-up paddleboards from the Banff Canoe Club.
Or you could take some lesser-jammed driving routes. "Escape the crowded Icefields Parkways by detouring east along Highway 11 at Saskatchewan River Crossing. It skirts turquoise Abraham Lake and passes through prime wildlife viewing in the Kootenay Plains. The almost-a-ghost-town of Nordegg is a good turnaround point."
Other routes abound.
"The short, yet scenic, Yoho Valley Road branches off the Trans-Canada Highway in Yoho National Park. Climbing to the turbulent confluence of the Yoho and Kicking Horse rivers, it has rare roadside marmot-viewing areas and ends at the spectacular Takakkaw Falls."
Since there's more than marmots to the Rockies' wildlife-watching, though, local photographer Christopher Martin (christophermartinphotography.com) also has the inside track on critter-ogling hot spots.
"Kananaskis Country draws fewer visitors but its Highwood Pass along Highway 40 has great wildlife-viewing – including elk, deer and bighorn sheep. Coyotes and even wolves can be encountered here plus black bears and grizzlies," they say, adding that the Spray Lakes corridor near Canmore – a great mountain town alternative to Banff or Jasper – also rewards wildlife-watchers.
But what about perfect landscape photos without selfie-sticking tourists ruining every frame? "Wedge Pond [in Kananaskis] is a beautiful pot lake that reflects the sunrise and can paint the face of Mount Kidd with swirling mist. Upper Kananaskis Lake in the Peter Lougheed Provincial Park also has beautiful elements to work with from rivers to gnarled trees and massive peaks."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Solitude can also be hard for hikers to find here during summer's peak, says Brian Patton, co-author of the bestselling Canadian Rockies Trail Guide. "You wouldn't believe the places I've encountered columns of weary tour bus passengers in the backcountry."
Some spots are less afflicted, though. "Try Waterton Lakes National Park during the week for some of the Rockies' best full-day hikes and some excellent shorter trails. Look for the incredible wildflowers that move into the high country as the summer progresses – including some not found anywhere else in the region."
Accommodation-wise, I love Rockies' retreats such as Emerald Lake Lodge, but Patton's campground faves draw you even closer to nature's dew-glistened embrace. "It can be busy but I love Robson Meadows Campground," they say, adding Kootenay National Park's McLeod Meadows and Marble Canyon plus the north end of Banff National Park for Waterfowl Lakes and Rampart Creek to their camping recommendations.
Wherever you go in the Rockies, though, timing can make all the difference in sidestepping the madding crowds. For Martin, 5:30 a.m. can produce amazing, people-free photos – "even in busy locations like Moraine Lake or Lake Louise, I usually find only a handful of people at that time," they say.
Hempstead agrees. "It's worth rising early to enjoy the Rockies crowd-free. The first flush of sunlight on Victoria Glacier above Lake Louise, watching feeding wildlife without tourists around and being the first to reach the Cavell Meadows' wildflowers are memorable experiences not possible later in the day."
OUR READERS WRITE
Story continues below advertisement
Island Lake Lodge in Fernie, B.C. A summer-road-accessible luxury backcountry resort and spa. Awe-inspiring Canadian Rocky Mountain vistas with an equally awe-inspiring menu. Michael Wilson
Canmore is where Calgarians go. Try the Highline Trail for mountain biking, Verde Day Spa and condo stays rather than hotels. @Jody_Robbins
One idea is the Highway 1A from Banff to Lake Louise, a quieter alternative that hugs the forests compared to the main highway. Or follow the tour buses to Lake Louise, then do a day hike to the Plain of Six Glaciers and get up close to the cliffs and glaciers. Or hike up to Lake Agnes and have a piece of apple pie in the tea house beside a tiny mountain lake. Mark Fields
On a hot day in Jasper, locals flock to Horseshoe Lake to go cliff jumping. It's a pretty unassuming spot: you park on the side of the highway and walk through a wooded area and BOOM, this amazing glacial lake appears! Also, an amazing place to camp is Saturday Night Lake – a great escape that you can manage in 2 days. @MikeySadowski
Climbing Pyramid Mountain was a highlight of my summer in the Rockies – and a surprisingly quiet day hike. @postcardsplaces
I prefer Canmore over Banff. It's a less touristy, cute little town with good pubs, hiking and magnificent scenery. @AirbnbSuperhost
I'm always a fan of the Legacy Trail bike ride. It's just off the Trans-Canada Hwy but it can feel a world away! @Tamara_Elliott
Try going up to Miette [Hot Springs Restort] Bungalows in Jasper. Good hiking followed by a hot spring soak and good eats. @MichaelV81512
The hostels along the Icefields Parkway are quiet – with wood-fired saunas by cold creeks for plunging. @ColleenFriesen
Staying at one of the HI Wilderness Hostels (like Yoho's Whiskey Jack) makes sure you'll escape the RV crowd. I stayed there with my kids a few years ago. Could see Takakkaw Falls without getting out of bed! @Tours_By_Locals
Go for an early morning drive along the Icefields Parkway. @apfoot
It's all busy in summer but Bow Valley Parkway, Johnston Canyon and Baker Creek Chalets/Bistro are a bit off the main track. @myfriendrhea
Waterton Lakes National Park. Forgotten majesty. Bonus is that it's connected with Glacier National Park – see the glaciers before they melt! @pattenwilen
Nordegg for all of the incredible hiking! Try Crescent Falls and Siffleur Falls. Or try Rockies Heli Canada's backcountry heli-camping. The Rockies' eastern slopes often get overlooked, but they're amazing and there's nary a tour bus in sight! @ashleymeller
Of course you have to start the adventure in Calgary! Visit ramen maestros Shiki Menya; hit up Canada's Sports Hall of Fame to celebrate awe-inspiring athletes; then hike to your heart's content in Banff National Park. Rest in comfy beds at Canadian Rocky Mountain Resorts – and take the scenic route back via our first craft distillery – Eau Claire Distillery! @nessincalgary
Send your travel questions to concierge@globeandmail.com
Follow me on Twitter:
EPA
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THIS week Israelis celebrate and Palestinians mourn the war of 1948 that created a state for the Jews but resulted in the flight of a large portion of Palestine's then Arab majority. After 60 anniversaries the fate of the two sides is as lopsided as ever. Israel is not just an established state but a dynamic and prosperous one. By contrast, the lot of the Palestinians is wretched (see article). The state they were promised under the UN partition plan of 1947 remains tantalisingly beyond reach, even though almost every government in the world, including those of America and Israel, claims to support the creation of such a state in the West Bank and Gaza.
How to explain the perpetuation of this conflict as the generations pass by? The contending answers fill a thousand libraries. Both sides have a stubborn narrative of righteous victimhood, each promoted eloquently by its respective posse of indignant partisans. To many outsiders in the West the interminable squabble is so familiar that it is becoming merely tiresome: a sad, stuck, tribal quarrel from the 1940s that seems impossible to resolve and so might as well be ignored.
This feeling of baffled impotence is a danger. The world has a moral obligation to help the Palestinians. But self-interest is at stake as well. However tired people in the West may be of Palestine and its woes, this cause electrifies millions of Muslims and helps to stir the global jihad. If it is soluble at all, it can certainly never be solved without the full attention of America, the only country which Israel really trusts and that has the power to coax or coerce it into territorial compromise. That is why most of this decade has been wasted: a distracted or uninterested George Bush claimed to believe in Palestinian statehood but did nothing serious to bring it about, failing even to slow Israel's colonisation of the West Bank.
America's next president must not repeat this mistake. But if America is a necessary part of the solution in Palestine, it is not sufficient. The Palestinians must play their part too. They desperately need an effective and pragmatic leadership capable of negotiating and implementing a peace based on partitioning Palestine into two states. Yet their leaders are more divided than ever. The pragmatists led in the West Bank by Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah are not effective. The rival Hamas leadership in the Gaza Strip is extremely effective but says it does not believe in a permanent peace based on partition.
Top marks for consistency, zero for sense
Sixty years ago, too, the Palestinians refused partition and ended up stateless. If rejecting partition was a mistake then, it is a bigger one now that Israel's population has increased eightfold. To say that Israel should never have been created and must be dissolved is not only utterly unrealistic; it is also to propose correcting one injustice by perpetrating another.
And yet this remains Hamas's formal position. True, its leaders hint that if Israel gave up all the territory conquered in 1967 it would earn a long-term truce, which just might one day become permanent. But that hinted future possibility is not a wager Israelis are likely to take. Meanwhile, the longer Hamas claims to reject the very idea of Israel's permanence, the easier it is for Israel to dig into the West Bank and the harder it is for America to believe in, let alone press for, a breakthrough to peace. The Hamas retort is that Yasser Arafat's Oslo talks achieved little for the Palestinians. Wars got them less.
After generations as history's losers, the Palestinians deserve a better future. But they can help themselves by putting history behind them and coming to terms, as the Israelis say they already have, with the obvious. A peaceful future is possible only with two states, not just the one.
Indie management label Electric Feel -- comprised of founder Austin Rosen, manager James Canton and head of strategy and marketing Justin Stirling -- has a talent roster that has amassed over 10 billion streams, 6.5 billion YouTube video views, and 20 Grammy nominations, including 14 this year alone. The company's roster includes super-producer Frank Dukes, Louis Bell, Brian Lee, Brody Brown, 1Mind, Carter Lang, Mike Stud, Buddy, Vory, Bridge, Demo Taped, Chuck Adams, Blonder and, since about a month ago, rapper and Republic Records signee Post Malone, in partnership with Dre London.
In addition, the company is behind the current No. 1 and No. 2 songs on the Billboard Hot 100, with Louis Bell co-producing Post Malone and 21 Savages charismatic "Rockstar" (alongside producer TankGod) and Frank Dukes, Brian Lee and Louis Bell teaming for Camila Cabello and Young Thug's hot "Havana." Other Hot 100 hits Electric Feel's roster has contributed to include Bruno Mars' "That's What I Like" (Brody Brown), French Montana and Swae Lee's "Unforgettable" (1Mind), Post Malone and Quavo's "Congratulations" (Frank Dukes, Louis Bell) and Selena Gomez and Marshmello's "Wolves" (Brian Lee, Louis Bell).
With some many accolades and accomplishments under their belt, the company still flies under the radar and focuses more on the work rather than a public image. However, Billboard had a chance recently to sit down with the label heads and speak more about the company's founding, how they motivate and manage expectations of their talent, and what's to come for 2018.
What made you open up a recording studio at 21 as opposed to signing someone right away to manage?
Austin Rosen (Age 29): The studio was just to find talent and put [the artists] together. It was to connect people and give them a place to work. I didn't have to have someone else picking people. We had a chance to pick people and find out about them. We got to do it on our own terms, so that we were able to develop talent and work together. So now we have it where there's multiple people on a record that's a part of the team.
How did you know how to do that? Did you have any friends in the industry?
Austin: Trial and error. And no I just watched the way my dad worked with designers and other creative people. I saw how they were able to connect with them.
How did you go from having a studio to creating a company?
Austin: I worked with French Montana a lot early on in my career around 2012, helping to put together and put out their music. I wanted to do more and work with writers and producers, so around the time they got signed to Bad Boy, I started doing that. But in those sessions, I'm starting meeting people and working with them. Nipsey Hussle was one artist I was working with. They had a friend that introduced me to Brody Brown, who they thought was really talented. Him and I started working together, and Brody eventually started doing Bruno Mars' records. But it all started with me just meeting people coming into the studio.
How did the three of you come together?
Austin: I've known James for a long time. They just graduated from school and was working for another company, Three Six Zero. So I thought it would be cool for them to come work for us. I thought they were really smart. Justin, I know through Andrew Watt, a writer and producer we work with a lot. And so, I was working with them for a while and we decided to partner.
Why do you feel like you all work together so well?
Austin: We just had to scale the business and it was about having people around to handle the artists we were taking in and trying to break.
How did you come up with the name Electric Feel?
Austin: I had to come up with a name quick, and the song by MGMT was out and I thought it was a really cool play on words. But now I actually do like the name [Laughs].
How important is capital when starting a music management company?
Justin Stirling (Age 24): It depends. It doesn't cost us money to manage clients unless we sign them to development deals and production deals. Most of the people we manage are generating revenue already. We are at a point where we have operations and overhead so we manage top level clientele. If talent isn't generating revenue, then we sign them to an early developmental deal and that's where it does cost money. But it's important to find talent early, believe in them, and help them get their point across.
How do you scout talent?
James Canton (Age 23): First and foremost, the studio. I believe it's the best location. Our roster speaks for itself. A lot of dope artists and dope producers gravitate towards each other. A random kid might come in here one night and we might be able to do great things together. Also, you can always find people online. You could get a link through SoundCloud or blogs like Hillydilly. There's just so many outlets these days. But first and foremost, the studio.
What's the quickest you've signed someone?
Austin: Vory. Literally the day we met him, we started working with him. We just scrapped everything they had done before and put them in here with our guys. Then, they brought in other guys they were finding, just having them come through. Even Brian Lee, the first time I met him, we started working with them on that same day. Brian came from a friend who introduced us who shoots a lot of videos for us.
A lot of it is word of mouth, people introducing us knowing that we do a good job with the people we work with, so they bring people to us. That definitely happens a lot. I like it when it happens that way because then someone is vetting it out already and happens more in an organic way.
Justin: We've also created this crazy ecosystem that exists of producers and songwriters, artists. We have a publishing arm of the company and are able to put records out. We kind of have the capability of a management company and a major label that all takes place in-house. We have resources available if you're a songwriter and want to sit and write music. If you're a developing artist, we have an in-house studio. That structure alone is very unique... We may have a developing artist and a successful producer, and we have the ability to pair them without it being a big problem of studio rentals or paying high producer fees.
How do you manage your talent's expectations in what you can do for them?
Justin: I think it's just providing them with great communication. Austin handles all of the negotiations on splits and everything. I work more on building brands on our producers and writers because at this point, they're coming out into the forefront in pop culture. Things like the Spotify Genius program puts visibility and focus on them. I look at producers and songwriters as artists and want to build massive brands out of them. Austin does the same thing, but handles the finance and negotiations.
Is there a difference in managing talent in front of the camera or behind the scenes?
Justin: I would like to say that we're starting to treat it all the same. We partnered with Spotify to put up this massive billboard of a producer we manage named Frank Dukes in the middle of Toronto. That was up until 6 months ago. That was only done for artists. So it's becoming very similar. In a way, sometimes producers and writers might be less of a hassle than artists.
Why do you feel that producers and writers are more at the forefront?
Austin: Because people want to know who is making the music now. It's less about manufactured records and more about true records. It's why songwriter artists are more effective right now than artists that are getting records handed to them.
Do you have any mentors you look up to in the industry?
Austin: Ron Perry. I signed one of the first writers to their company that was non-catalog, which was Brian Lee and we've worked a lot throughout the years. He's really impressive. They set their goals and they always sign whoever they want.
James: Definitely Jody Gerson. I was fortunate to grow up around them and she's definitely part of the reason why I chose this path. She's always someone I can always call on when I need advice.
Austin: They gave us our publishing joint venture and we work really close with them They signed Post Malone to their deal as well.
Why do you think it's important to have mentors in the industry?
Justin: To be humble and give them the respect of knowing that they've been there before you and put their dues in. A lot of times young guys like us come so hot-headed at things and don't realize the people who have experienced more are coming from a place of knowledge. I think it's a respect thing and there's no better education than actually talking to someone and seeing what they've learned.
What's next for you?
Austin: We did the entire Camila Cabello album. It's insane. I'm really close with Roger Gold, which is their manager. We're both involved with 300 Entertainment and they had known about the writers and producers we had. We did "Work From Home," which was also the big record for Fifth Harmony. They were scared at first to work with us at first because of not wanting to be so close to the Fifth Harmony sound. But then, we had a session where we made "Havana" and right from there, they let us work with them for three months. We executive produced it, and our producer Frank Dukes did the entire thing. All of our guys are on it. It's amazing. And then we have Post Malone's album, which we did the entire thing as well.
What's some advice you would give to someone who is an upcoming manager? If they wanted to know where to start, what is the first thing you would tell them?
Austin: Hit us up. Partner with us.
