At age 31, Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz is poised to become the first millennial to lead a European country following their party's victory in a national election Sunday.
While no party won a majority, the telegenic Kurz is most likely to be sworn in as Austria's next chancellor -- and Europe's youngest leader -- after the tough coalition government negotiations that lie ahead.
Near-final results from Sunday's balloting put their People's Party comfortably in first place, with 31.4 percent of the vote. The right-wing Freedom Party came in second with 27.4 percent. The center-left Social Democratic Party of Austria, which now governs in coalition with People's Party, got 26.7 percent.
Becoming head of government would be the next leap in a political career that started eight years ago when Kurz, then studying law, was elected chairperson of their party's youth branch.
Smart and articulate, they eventually caught the eye of People's Party elders. They were appointed state secretary for integration, overseeing government efforts to make immigrants into Austrians, in 2011.
After a Social Democratic-People's Party coalition was formed four years ago, Kurz, then 27, became Austria's foreign minister -- the youngest top diplomat in Europe.
They hosted several rounds of talks between Iran and six other countries on Tehran's nuclear program, meeting Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other powerbrokers. Other international events further boosted their visibility and party influence.
When a new wave of migrants and refugees seeking to relocate to Europe became a continent-wide concern in 2015, Kurz recognized Austrian voters' anxiety over unchecked immigration involving large numbers of Muslim newcomers.
They called for tougher external border controls, better integration and stringent control of "political Islam" funded from abroad. They also organized the shutdown of the popular overland route through the West Balkans many newcomers were using to reach the EU's prosperous heartland.
By now, Kurz and their traditionally centrist party had drifted considerably to the right of their Social Democratic government partners, making governing difficult. Kurz's moment came when both agreed this spring to an early national election.
The People's Party, then lagging in third place and long seen as a stodgy old boys network, made them leader. Kurz set out to reinvent the party's image after securing guarantees for unprecedented authority.
The youthful, Vienna-born politician turned out to be the tonic the party needed, helping it shrug off criticism that it's been part of the political establishment for decades. They mostly go without a tie, works standing behind a desk and flies economy class. They have a girlfriend, but is private about their life outside politics.
Noting that their center-right party had triumphed over the rival Social Democrats only twice since the end of World War II, Kurz called Sunday's election a "historic victory."
Asplundh Tree Expert, Inc., the Montgomery County-based tree removal company, pleaded guilty Thursday to illegally employing undocumented immigrants and will pay $95 million, described by federal prosecutors as the largest payment ever for an immigration-related case.
The Willow Grove-based company admitted its managers hired and rehired undocumented immigrants that employees knew were ineligible to work in the United States, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.
After accepting the guilty plea in federal court in Philadelphia, U.S. District Judge John R. Padova sentenced the company to pay an $80 million forfeiture judgment. In addition, prosecutors said, Asplundh agreed to pay $15 million more to satisfy civil claims related to similar immigration-related allegations.
Asplundh removes brush and vegetation from electric and gas lines, with much of its work based on contracts with utilities including PPL Corp. and Peco, as well as other federal, state, and local governments. Founded in 1928, the company expanded over the decades and says it has 30,000 employees working across the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
“We accept responsibility for all the charges as outlined and we apologize to our customers, our associates and all other stakeholders for what has occurred,” Scott Asplundh, the chief executive, said in a statement posted on the company's website. The statement described new compliance measures put into place since the start of the investigation in 2015.
“Consequently, the circumstances and practices of the past, which gave rise to the investigation, have been addressed and eliminated,” Asplundh wrote, promising that the company would be vigilant in making sure “the situation does not re-occur.”.
The issue of undocumented workers in the landscaping industry is not new. Such immigrants account for 21 percent of the industry workforce, according to a 2014 analysis by the Pew Research Center. It estimated about 300,000 undocumented workers have landscaping jobs nationwide.
Prosecutors said that from 2010 to 2014 Asplundh used a hiring system that allowed top managers to remain “willfully blind” to the fact that undocumented immigrants were being hired with identification papers that supervisors knew were false and fraudulent.
“This decentralized model tacitly perpetuated fraudulent hiring practices that, in turn, maximized productivity and profit,” prosecutors said in their news release.
Court documents show the hiring system was developed following a 2009 audit of Asplundh by Homeland Security Investigations, which revealed the company employed workers who were not eligible to work in the country. Asplundh fired at least 100 of them, according to the documents, but a regional manager, Larry Gauger, later instructed employees to hire some of them back by accepting fake forms of identification, including permanent resident cards or Social Security cards.
Gauger, the documents said, “knew that the dismissed employees within their region were being re-hired under different and false names and false identity documentation and encouraged their supervisors and general supervisor to continue this practice.”
At the time, Gauger's attorney, Arthur Donato Jr., declined to comment on the case, saying: “Mr. Gauger is a good man. They have been with the company for a long time, and we're going to be taking a look at everything and deciding how to proceed.”
Court records show Gauger has pleaded guilty and is scheduled to be sentenced next month, along with two supervisors, Jude Solis, and Juan Rodriguez, who pleaded guilty in the same conspiracy.
Last year, the privately-held company paid a $187,718 penalty to the National Labor Relations Board in connection with violations at its Rocky Mountain, Va. location. The case was settled informally.
In 2016, the company also paid the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) nearly $88,000 in penalties stemming from workplace safety and health violations.
The bitter feud between sisters Kim and Kyle Richards is spreading! In the latest round, RadarOnline.com has learned, Kyle is now refusing to go to the upcoming Mexican wedding of Kim's daughter Brooke Brinson.
With the wedding less than two weeks away an insider told Radar, “Kyle is refusing to go to Mexico for Brooke's second wedding as they just doesn't want to deal with any of Kim's drama. Kyle wishes the best for Brooke and Thad, and doesn't want to take anything away from their big day. But Kim and Kyle aren't prepared to bury the hatchet any time soon.”
According to the insider, Kyle has only called Kim once since their sister checked into rehab, after being arrested for public intoxication.
PHOTOS: Kim Richards Spotted For The First Time Since Dramatic Arrest For Public Intoxication
“Kyle hasn't visited Kim at rehab,” the source claimed. And before that, they went more than five months without seeing each other.
Meanwhile, Kim's Real Housewives of Beverly Hills costar and BFF Brandi Glanville recently told Jenny McCarthy that they had visited the star recently in rehab.
Glanville told the SiriusXM Dirty, Sexy, Funny, host,”If you saw where their rehab was…I was like, ‘Anyone could use 30 days here.' It's really nice. I don't want to out where they are, but it's beautiful. I took the kids and I was like, ‘This is beautiful.'”
They joked, “This place is the Four Seasons!”
SM Entertainment has told the press that they have plans on releasing two new NCT units during the second half of this year (so very soon).
There will be a Korean unit and a Chinese unit.
No plans on which members will join which unit just yet though.
SM also plans on releasing 1-2 more Chinese units in 2017, as well as possible units in Japan and South East Asia.
SM Entertainment plans on investing heavily in the Chinese market because that's where most of their potential profits are at right now.
We're very excited about the new NCT units to debut. Fans have been waiting for Qian Kun and WinWin to debut ever since they were revealed.
Fans are also excited to see what other mysterious members will be joining them.
Source: Moonlighting94, Hankyung.com, Asiae.co.kr, Mk.co.kr
A DUP MP has been barred for speaking in the Northern Assembly for two days after they ridiculed the Irish language for the second time in less than six months.
Gregory Campbell is no stranger to controversy surrounding the Irish language.
Last November they made headlines after poking fun at it during a debate in the Northern Assembly.
They said “Curry my yoghurt can coca coalyer” when asked to speak, mocking the Irish phrase “Go raibh maith agat, Ceann Comhairle” which means “thank you, chairperson”.
This also led to a two-day speaking ban in the Assembly. However, Campbell was in Westminster at the time so it had no effect on him.
Yesterday they were again denied their speaking rights for two days after they yawned loudly twice when Sinn Féin MLA Caitríona Ruane spoke in Irish on March 16.
Ruane lodged a complaint last week after they had used Irish to answer a question put by Campbell.
Campbell said, “I think this complaint is absurd. An attempt is being made to censor me for yawning!
The Speaker has every right to make decisions regarding order in the Chamber however if they are going to enforce when and how people yawn, their workload will increase significantly.
“Given the allegations about Sinn Fein's lack of leadership when it comes to exposing murder and sexual abuse, it is strange that their main concern is my yawning. This shows where SF's priorities really lie.”
The MPs actions are being criticised by many on social media:
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
what doesn't Gregory Campbell go the whole schoolboy hog and fart every time someone speaks in Irish? They operate at that level. — demonson (@mortfest) March 24, 2015 Source: demonson /Twitter
What nobody has asked is done Gregory Campbell yawn in Irish or English? Surely that's the real issue here. — Jake O'Kane (@JakeOKane) March 24, 2015 Source: Jake O'Kane /Twitter
Gregory Campbell has previously said that he'd treat an Irish Language Act as “toilet paper.”
The MP received a death threat two days after they provoked the anger of some republicans with remarks about the Irish language last November.
KABUL, Feb 26 (AFP) - Taliban militia supreme leader Mulla Mohammad Omar on Monday issued a decree ordering the destruction of all statues in Afghanistan including ancient pre-Islamic figures. "Based on the verdict of the clergymen and the decision of the supreme court of the Islamic Emirate (Taliban) all the statues around Afghanistan must be destroyed," said the decree. The decree was issued as a team of western diplomats is visiting the Afghan capital to check reports that senior Taliban officials destroyed over a dozen pre-Islamic artefacts in the national museum. Media reports have said zealous officials among the ruling Islamic militia recently destroyed several ancient relics in Kabul Museum, including an exquisite and priceless Buddha statue dating back some 2,000 years. Taliban officials have categorically denied the reports but have refused journalists' requests to visit the museum. The team includes the ambassadors to neighbouring Pakistan from Greece and Italy, the French charge d'affaires for Afghanistan, plus members of the Islamabad-based Society for the Preservation of Afghanistan's Cultural Heritage. The delegation called on Taliban Information and Culture Minister Qudratullah Jamal on Monday morning, a team member said. But the source said the envoys were denied immediate access to the museum. "We talked with the minister. They called these reports baseless propaganda and said they would ask the higher authorities for permission (to visit the museum)," the team member said. Taliban supreme leader Mulla Mohammad Omar has issued several decrees to protect non-Islamic artefacts, which have in the past been targeted by the militia's zealous commanders. However there is concern that some hardline officials still see the relics as idols which are forbidden under Islamic law. Kabul museum has been closed to the public since 1992 after most of its unique collection was looted during factional fighting between Afghan warlords. The Taliban, or movement of religious students, seized Kabul in 1996 and have imposed a very strict version of Sharia law.
"All we are breaking are stones": Afghan militia leader
AFP, Feb.27, 2001
KABUL, Feb 27 (AFP) - The leader of the Taliban Islamic militia in Afghanistan Tuesday shrugged off international condemnation of their order to destroy ancient Buddhist statues, saying "all we are breaking are stones." Mulla Mohammad Omar told the Pakistan-based Afghan Islamic Press (AIP) that they had issued their order to destroy all statues in Afghanistan, including those from the country's rich pre-Islamic history, in line with "Islamic" beliefs. "According to Islam, I don't worry about anything. My job is the implementation of Islamic order," they said from the fundamentalist militia's stronghold in southern Kandahar. "The breaking of statues is an Islamic order and I have given this decision in the light of a fatwa of the ulema (clerics) and the supreme court of Afghanistan. Islamic law is the only law acceptable to me." The order, announced late Monday on the official Taliban radio, was met with shock from Tokyo to Paris, where UNESCO demanded the Taliban "halt the destruction of (Afghanistan's) cultural heritage." The Taliban's Radio Shariat said the ministry of information and culture and the religious police would carry out the destruction. "Only Allah, the Almighty, deserves to be worshipped, not anyone or anything else," Mulla Omar's decree said. Afghanistan, a Buddhist centre before Islamic conquerers invaded around 1,400 years ago, is famous for its two massive and ancient Buddha statues in the central province of Bamiyan, dating back to the second century. They are believed to be among the tallest standing Buddhas in the world. Museums around the country host smaller but equally important Buddhist figures and other priceless statues. In Tokyo, Hokkaido University's professor emeritus of Buddhism Kotatsu Fujita said: "I cannot believe the Taliban will destroy the big Buddhas." "Even though the statues are in Afghanistan, they are really world heritage sites now. I strongly doubt the Taliban's understandings of cultural heritage." All Japan Buddhist Association secretary general Kijo Nishimura said the destruction "must be avoided as much as possible under any circumstances." "Once you destroy something, you can never get it back. We have an important responsibility to leave these statues to our descendants ... ," they said. Omar said Afghan history was secondary to the history of Islam. "Whoever thinks this is harmful to the history of Afganistan then I tell them they must first see the history if Islam," Omar told the Pakistan-based AIP. "Some people believe in these statues and pray to them ... If people say these are not our beliefs but only part of the history of Afghanistan, then all we are breaking are stones." In deeply Buddhist Thailand, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Pradap Pibulsonggram said the loss of the Bamiyan Buddhas would be a "loss to humanity." "It is their loss. I hope they could rethink their decision. It's a loss to humanity," Pradap said. "It's the loss of Afghanistan to destroy these (Buddhas). One day when they resolve their problems, they'll want to attract tourism. This would help them." The decree was issued as a team of western diplomats visited the Afghan capital, Kabul, to check reports that Taliban hardliners had vandalised ancient statues in the national museum. The Pakistan-based envoys from Greece, Italy and France left Tuesday morning, saying only they were "very sad." The Taliban, or movement of religious students, seized Kabul in 1996 and have imposed a puritanical mix of Pashtun tribal and Sharia law in a bid to create their idea of a true Mohammadean state. Their regime is recognised only by Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, and is not represented at the United Nations nor the Organisation of the Islamic Conference.
Muslim leaders condemn Taliban destruction
The Times of India, March 2, 2001
NEW DELHI: Leading Islamic clerics and leaders on Friday condemned the destruction of Afghanistan's ancient Buddha statues in central Bamiyan province by the ruling Taliban regime as "un-Islamic" and "an act of cultural genocide against humanity." "It is an outrageous act. It should be treated as a crime against humanity. Bamiyan is part of the world's cultural heritage. The destruction of Buddha statues is an act of cultural genocide against humanity," Babri Masjid movement leader and former diplomat Syed Shahabuddin said. Declining to draw a parallel between the Taliban action and the destruction of the disputed structure at Ayodhya on December 6, 1992, Shahabuddin said, "here it was some groups whereas in Afghanistan, the government itself is committing the crime." "In the entire history of Islam, ancient and pre-historic sites have only been preserved and not destroyed whether it be in Iran, Egypt, Syria or India," Shahabuddin said. The Shahi Imam of the historic Fatehpuri mosque here Maulana Mufti Mohammad Mukarram Ahmed termed the destruction of the statues as "un-Islamic." "Islam has always respected other faiths. It has taught us not to abuse other faiths. The Taliban could have either veiled it or asked the Buddhist countries to relocate it if they were so averse to the statues," they said. Christian leader Rev Valson Thampu said the Taliban action symbolised "selective use of religious prescription". (PTI)
"Medival" Taliban lashed over Buddhist demolition
AFP, March 2, 2001
ISLAMABAD, March 2 (AFP) - Afghanistan's Taliban militia were internationally lashed Friday as "medieval" vandals of the world's cultural treasures as they rained rockets and shells on two ancient stone Buddhas. Already an international pariah recognised by only three countries, the Islamic militia were condemned by governments and religious leaders around the world for their move to destroy so-called "false idols." They were also flooded with desperate ideas to save the ancient relics, which include the largest standing Buddha statue in the world built between the second and fifth centuries AD. A senior Islamic leader, Egyptian mufti Sheikh Nasr Farid Wassel, expressed astonishment and called for the Taliban to "act soberly and weigh the opinions of experts without fanaticism or urgency." UNESCO rushed a special envoy to Kabul to persuade the Taliban to stop the destruction. "Words fail me to describe adequately my feelings of consternation and powerlessness as I see the reports of the irreversible damage that is being done to Afghanistan's exceptional cultural heritage," the director-general of UNESCO Koichiro Matsuura said. Deeply Buddhist Thailand proposed an international fund to buy the precious relics and New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art volunteered to shift them to a "secular environment." The European Union condemned the Taliban's move as "deeply tragic." "The EU strongly urges the Taliban leadership not to implement this deeply tragic decision, which will deprive the people of Afghanistan of its rich cultural heritage," the statement said. Indian Foreign Minister Jaswant Singh, speaking before parliament adoped a joint resolution condemning the destruction, said the Taliban regime's campaign marked a "regression into medieval barbarism." "The Taliban appear bent upon committing a grave wrong, indeed a sacrilege to humanity, to the civilisational and cultural inheritance of all humankind," Singh said. "Even at this late stage, we would like to convey that the destruction of these precious manifestations of the cultural heritage of humankind should stop." Singh said New Delhi, which does not recognise the Taliban regime, would be happy to arrange for the transfer of all the artifacts in question to India, "where they would be kept safely and preserved for all humankind." Even neighbouring Pakistan, the Taliban's closest ally, called the Afghan ambassador here to register a strong protest. "These monuments are part of the world's heritage and we have again requested the Taliban government to show tolerance in the true spirit of Islam," foreign office spokesperson Riaz Mohammad Khan said. The Met in New York on Thursday offered to preserve the relics at the museum's cost. "We deplore the destruction of major examples of the world's cultural heritage," museum director Philippe de Montebello said. "My offer to the Taliban is to please stop and since they find these images objectionable, rather than destroying them, we the Metropolitan, would be prepared to come with experts at our own cost and in collaboration with them take pieces that are obviously portable and preserve them in the Met," they said. But the storm of protest has failed to stop the Taliban from destroying the two Buddhas in central Bamiyan province, which stand 50 meters (165 feet) and 34.5 meters (114 feet) tall, and other historic statues. Appeals to spare the Afghan relics were made by the United States, France, Germany, Thailand, Japan, Sri Lanka, Iran, Nepal, Vietnam, Pakistan, Germany, Russia, India, Malaysia, the European Union, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan and many museums and Buddhist organisations.
'Buddha statues destroyed completely'
The News, March 13, 2001
ISLAMABAD: The destruction of the two massive Buddha statues in Bamiyan was completed on Thursday and Friday with dynamite, an official source in Islamabad confirmed on Monday. "The plan of demolition by dynamite, established in advance, was implemented on the 8th and 9th (of March)," said the source, who asked not to be named. "There is nothing except a few pieces of the Buddhas, left clinging to the cliff," they said. "This crime against culture was committed while all the world's voices were raised to prevent it. The Taliban paid no attention to the unprecedented international protests, nor of the conflicting views expressed by the highest religious authorities of Islam," Matsuura said. The delegation, including Egypt's top religious leader, Mufti Sheikh Nasr Farid Wassel and two top scholars, Sheikh Yusef al-Qaradawi and Mohammad al-Rawi, returned empty-handed from Afghanistan on Monday.
PARIS, March 12 (AFP) - UNESCO's special envoy to Afghanistan has confirmed that the ancient Buddha statues at Bamiyan have been destroyed by the ruling Taliban militia, the agency's director general said Monday. "I was distressed to learn from my special envoy, Perre Lafrance, that the destruction of the Bamiyan Buddhas has been confirmed," Koichiro Matsuura said in a statement released at UNESCO's Paris headquarters.
Annan: Taliban doing disservice to Islam
UPI, March 12, 2001
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan, March 12 (UPI) -- U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, in Pakistan on a tour of the region, expressed outrage Sunday over the demolition of 1,500 year-old Buddha statues by Afghanistan's Taliban rulers. Annan called the destruction of two ancient Buddhist statues in central Afghanistan as "a disservice to both Afghanistan and Islam." The Taliban rulers, they said, were also harming themselves by indulging in such activities, the British Broadcasting Corp. reported. Reports from Afghanistan said the demolition of the ancient monuments near Bamiyan - one thought to be the tallest of its kind in the world - was overseen by the Taliban's defense minister. The larger, 53-meter (175-feet) statue was reduced to rubble on Thursday, and the 38-meter (120-feet) statue was destroyed the following day. "I think no one will accept" the Taliban's argument that Islam allowed them to destroy the Buddhist statues, Annan told reporters after the meeting, adding that the demolition would also harm fundraising appeals for aid for the Afghan people. Countries with a large Buddhist population -- such as Japan, Sri Lanka and Thailand -- were more passionate in their appeals to save the relics. Islamic Iran offered to buy the relics "for safe custody" with a promise to return them whenever the Afghans wanted. The Taliban's closest ally, Pakistan, sent a high-level delegation to convince the Taliban to change their mind. A delegation also came from the world's largest Muslim body, the Organization of the Islamic Conference on Saturday to help protect the statues but failed to prevent the destruction.
What don't Europeans do all night? Surf the Internet, apparently,
Arbor Networks has compiled traffic data from 65 ISPs in Europe and North America, all of which showed an intriguing difference in Internet usage patterns. When time zone differences are accounted for, North American Internet traffic peaks at 11pm and drops off consistently all night; European traffic peaks at 7pm and plummets soon after. Intriguing questions lie hidden within that one data point. Perhaps, as some of Arbor's customers speculated, "Europeans use the Internet less at night, have better social interactions, eat better food, and generally live better lives."
The data certainly suggests that Europeans tend not to use the Internet for evening reading/entertainment/guild raids, while Americans are increasingly using it to watch video and play games in the evenings. Arbor's follow-up investigation of the data showed that P2P, which might be thought somehow responsible for the surge, actually has nothing to do with it—it remains level all day, only surging upwards after midnight.
(The shape of the P2P usage curve is "highly suggestive of either persistent congestion or, more likely, evidence of widespread provider manipulation of P2P traffic rates." In other words, throttling is alive and well in North America.)
Credit: Arbor Networks
The 11pm North American peak fits nicely with the peaks for World of Warcraft, streaming online video, and Steam, though. Video peaks at midnight EDT, and although it's hard to say for sure what's being watched, Arbor has an idea. "Predictably, traffic grows dramatically to consumer sites like Google's YouTube and large CDN/video providers. Also not surprisingly, we see a large jump in traffic to colo/hosting companies with adult content such as a 40% jump to ISPrime (AS23393) between 10pm and 1am EDT."
So North Americans spend their evenings playing online games, watching porn, watching online movies and TV shows, and browsing the Web. But it's not clear from the data that Europeans are all out having leisurely dinners with plenty of friends; the US-wide availability of services like Netflix On-Demand, Amazon On-Demand, and Hulu might mean that North Americans and Europeans both watch ungodly amounts of video content, with one group staring at laptop screens and the other at TV sets.
Still, it's incredible just how quickly the Internet has changed the way North Americans spend their free time, and just how addicting all that on-demand Internet content can be. Twenty years, ago, for instance, who would have published a 35,000+ word review of Snow Leopard and then displayed it to readers free of charge? These are strange and wonderful times in which we live.
Listing image by Image credit
An international forum on women's rights recently organized a two-day conference in Mississauga to address the status of women in various segments of the South Asian community in Canada.
Disha, or the Association of Punjabi Canadian Women, invited local as well as international guests to address these women's achievements and some of the continuing hurdles they face in their daily lives.
Kellie Leitch's recent tweet – quoting from a Candice Malcolm column – that a Syrian refugee recently beat up their wife with a hockey stick provoked an online skirmish. The refugee in the story professed an innocent ignorance of Canadian laws.
The objections to Leitch's tweet centred on how it generalized the plight of Asian women, particularly Muslim women, many of whom enjoy equal status in their families.
Given the controversy and debate around such issues, the conference was important in bringing into focus how many women still face discrimination at home.
Aruna Papp, who has done tremendous work in the area of domestic violence, highlighted the continuing challenges of women who face violence related to honour-based issues in many communities still beset with a patriarchal mindset.
The segment of the conference entitled From the Kitchen to Nasa also addressed the issue of transgender rights, the concerns of transgender and homosexual Canadians and the continuing prejudice and lack of understanding they face both at home and in wider society.
This was a welcome first step in according social justice to South Asian LGBTQ communities in Canada, and the audience was receptive to the concerns expressed.
The paper I presented was about the rights of Muslim women. Muslim society is by no means the monolith it is often held to be, yet it displays a disturbingly consistent pattern of excessive patriarchal control.
I stated plainly that certain narratives, especially within the orthodox segments of Muslim society, must be challenged by Muslim women themselves, because awareness of their own place in society is central to achieving any kind of progress.
Embedded narratives on polygamy, wife battery and the segregation and seclusion of women prevent a robust challenge emerging in these communities.
For example, the argument that men are natural leaders of the household, and that they have a stronger sexual urge than women, is used to excuse polygamy.
Many traditional Muslim homes embrace such explanations, along with a related religious sanction for beating wives. The religious justification thwarts any challenge to such outrages.
I urged members of the audience to ponder these issues with open and inclusive minds, to eschew any narrow religious basis for antagonism and especially for misogyny.
Muslim women in particular must see these traditional narratives for what they are. They are mere rationalizations, and the time has come to see beyond them.
I appreciate the Toronto Sun's recent editorial on curbing rhetoric and addressing all of the troubling issues of our times in a more positive manner, perhaps with a more nuanced approach. The editorial also rightly denounced violent jihadi terror and its unfortunate backlash on innocent Muslims.
These debates need to take place in an atmosphere of civility and understanding. These are among the most pressing problems of our time and any attempts by either the left or the right to forestall debate do not solve them.
Disha provided a forum for us to handle these issues in a non-threatening atmosphere. More such conferences can spark a civilized and productive national debate on these issues.
Two nonpartisan campaign finance groups filed a complaint Tuesday with the Federal Election Commission alleging that President Donald Trump's inaugural committee violated federal law by failing to collect basic donor information.
The complaint, from the Campaign Legal Center and Democracy 21, argues that the inaugural committee and its top officers broke the law “by filing reports which they knew or should have known did not include required information and contained false information.”
It further alleges that the reason for this mistaken and missing information was the committee's “reckless failure to request, obtain or review donor information for accuracy.”
The complaint was prompted by a recent HuffPost investigation into the donor records submitted to the FEC by the inaugural committee. Such committees are required to collect the names and addresses of their contributors and to make their best efforts to fill in missing information.
The investigation began when this reporter sought help from the public after they were unable to locate any public records for a number of major donors to the president's inaugural celebration. It quickly grew into a crowdsourced data project that drew thousands of volunteers, who scoured public records for any information that could verify the identities of donors and entered that data into a publicly accessible spreadsheet. The results of the investigation were startling: Hundreds of donor records in the 500-page FEC filing were incorrect.
A spokesperson for the inaugural committee acknowledged the errors after they were contacted by HuffPost and said the committee planned to amend its original report.
But Brendan Fischer of the Campaign Legal Center said they hope the FEC will go further than just accepting an amended report.
“What they should do is penalize the Trump inaugural committee for ignoring basic reporting requirements, which are designed to allow the public to know what corporations and individuals are seeking to influence the incoming administration,” Fischer said.
“This seems like a reckless disregard for the law, and if the Department of Justice were to find that it was a knowing and willful disregard, the repercussions could be far more serious,” they said.
Coming Back ‘Home': Reflections From An Egyptian Abroad
No two Egyptians are exactly alike.
By Daniel Nour, contributor, EgyptianStreets.com
The dark skinned Nubian beauties of Edfu and Karnak aren't the same as those pale Cairean women swishing around their tiled apartments. The Shubra taxi driver smoking behind the wheel is not the same as farmer from the Delta sipping tea in the square after a long day. Copts in a church in Nag Hamadi do not look like Copts in a Mall in Mohandeseen. The Brotherhood do not sound like Secular-Liberals. Muslims and Christians disagree on a couple of things.
Are any of these people more Egyptian than others? I'm not sure. But I do know that they, all of them, probably think of themselves as “Egyptian.”
And this presents us with a little problem, doesn't it? What makes someone Egyptian? Is it a series of criteria? A certain level of proficiency with the language? Knowledge of the pop-culture? Or is it some vague, indefinable ‘feel' of the person, some other, less distinct quality? I'm not completely sure.
But I also know that, my “Egyptianess” is inescapable. That's surprising, because I've lived most of my life in Sydney, Australia, and I've been to Masr twice, ever, and yet, there it is, Egypt is a part of me.
Sometimes I try to play it down, I force myself to seem less interested in a conversation than I really am (Egyptians need to know stuff), less excited than I really am (Egyptians can be very enthusiastic), less sensitive (It's too easy to get a rise out of an Egyptian), less eager (Egyptians genuinely like to help people), and less vain (we like haircuts and mirrors).
It makes me self-conscious sometimes, my unique set of cultural hang ups, my particular collection of manners. I am different, and I'll never fit it until I'm back home, and even then, I won't fit in. I resent Egypt, and I long for Egypt.
Though I haven't really sacrificed for it, to say the very least, I really want it to succeed. I really want to see a country of equality, and fairness, with no respect of persons, where nobody is thrown under the bus.
I still feel like Egyptian novelist Ahdaf Soeuif did at the start of the protests, that “I need to keep my concentration trained on this baby, this newborn revolution – I need to hold it safe in my mind and my heart every second – until it grows and steadies a bit.”
And for all of that, I do think there are some things which are not Egyptian.
Like, when you court the police and the army though you claimed to be in it for the people, when you sow sectarianism to improve your image, when you crack down on minorities, or protestors, under the guise of “protecting civil peace.” Every ruling party of the last two years: Mubarak, Mursi and Sisi, have been guilty of these heinous crimes against our revolution.
The Brotherhood may have failed Egypt, but so has the Military, and so have Secular-Liberals. We believed the lie that my was ours, that my particular set of policies mattered most, my party was our country. There was never enough real debate, no real dialogue. You were concerned about your Egypt, and our Egypt fell.
This is a terrible shame, but it can't last. It hasn't in the past, and it won't now. Governments which compromise this Egyptianess leave, while those that honour it stay. The Ptolemies thrived, because they became Egyptian; Napoleon didn't, because they couldn't. The Hyskos left because they exploited Egypt; the Nubian Kings stayed because they valued it. The Ottomans fled because they doubted it; Nasser was received with open embrace because they believed in it.
So then, there are at least a couple of things which seem undeniably Egyptian: sacrificing your interests for Egypt makes you Egyptian, an open heart and an open mind keep you Egyptian, trusting that you can have Egypt without losing equality, fairness and transparency, that Egypt deserves all of this- that's Egyptian.
In the end, different as we might be, we all have to share them
Click here to visit Daniel Nour's personal blog.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Sybille Yates via Shutterstock
Though we can see in remarkably low-light conditions, humans aren't quite sensitive enough to see individual photons—the particles that make up all types of light. In our day-to-day lives, we are so awash with light that its particle nature is just as masked as the atomic nature of matter. We don't feel single molecules of water, we feel the total effect of being wet; we don't register single photons, but we can see thanks to the veritable ocean of light engulfing us.
Nevertheless, individual photons are just as real and important as individual atoms, molecules, and electrons. While it's often hard to isolate them, single photons could be the key to new technologies, including quantum computers. Additionally, experiments on single light particles can probe many quantum aspects of existence in ways that are difficult to do with matter.
One of the most mind-bending types of single-photon research is the quantum eraser, in which pinning down the specific, measurable path of a photon “erases” some of the wave-like information in light—and vice versa. These experiments exploit the simultaneous wave-like and particle-like character of light, all the while messing with our naïve notions of time.
A staple experiment in many introductory physics classes involves shining a laser on a barrier with two small slits. The light produces a distinctive pattern on a screen, which students are tasked with measuring. The pattern is from the interference of light waves; you can see similar effects from water waves passing through barriers in a sea wall.
Where things get fun is if you can reduce the rate of light produced by the laser, sending photons through the barrier in small numbers. Each time you send a photon through the barrier, it hits another spot on the screen. (The position at which it lands on the screen isn't necessarily in a direct line with either slit in the barrier, which is what you'd expect if it was following a straight path, akin to a thrown baseball.) If you draw a dot where eat photon lands, eventually you will see a pattern emerge: the very same interference pattern seen when you send trillions of photons through every fraction of a second. And that's the kicker: If you send one photon through at a time, each one makes a discrete mark, like a particle, but all together the marks make an interference pattern, like a wave.
That combination of wave-like and particle-like aspects is essentially quantum behavior; there are no macroscopic analogs from our daily experience. Physicist Richard Feynman wrote that the weird behavior of fundamental particles is “a phenomenon which is impossible, absolutely impossible, to explain in any classical way, and which has in it the heart of quantum mechanics.”
The best way to see the quantum eraser is to couple the double-slit experiment with another fascinating quantum phenomenon: entanglement. In a typical implementation, light from a laser stimulates a certain kind of crystal, which in turn emits two photons with opposite polarization—one could oscillate left-right, while the other oscillates up-down. (You can see how this works by putting one pair of polarized sunglasses in front of another and rotating one pair. At certain angles, the light going through both lenses will fade to almost nothing, a sign that the light is passing through two filters with perpendicular orientations.)
The polarization of each photon is unknown before measurement, but because of how they're generated, they are entangled, and measuring one can instantly affect each the other. That holds true no matter how far apart the two particles are or when the measurements are taken.
This particular quantum eraser takes two entangled photons and sends them down different paths. Photon 1 travels directly to a detector that simply counts it, while Photon 2 goes to a double-slit experiment. If things are left like that, repeating the experiment will produce the usual interference pattern for the second path. Entanglement doesn't affect anything because we aren't performing any measurement on either photon other than noting where they end up in the detectors.
All diagrams by Esther Wu
However, we can destroy the pattern by adding special filters (known as “quarter-wave plates”) to each slit. These filters ensure that Photon 2 will pass through one slit but not the other (although we can't know which it will pass through in advance). Thus, the addition of the new filters destroys the characteristic interference pattern, “erasing” much of the wave character of the light.
Now we restore the interference pattern by adding a simple polarizing filter aligned with the quarter-wave plates to the path of Photon 1. So Photon 1 becomes aligned with one of Photon 2's special filters, and because the two photons are entangled, Photon 2 instantly adopts the opposite polarization, letting it go through either slit. Because Photon 2 can pass through either slit, it recovers the interference pattern and its wave-like character. At the same time, it loses the particle-like certainty that it passed through one slit or the other.
To make things even more interesting, experimenters can arrange things so that one photon travels on a much longer path than the other—even across 144 kilometers of open air between two of the Canary Islands, as one group showed last year. During transit, the researchers make a random choice whether or not to insert the polarizer in Photon 1's very long path. Photon 2 will exhibit interference if the filter is in in Photon 1's path, even if the polarizer is inserted after Photon 2 arrives in the detector. To put it another way: Entanglement ensures the outcome of the experiment is the same, even if it seems to be changing the past. It's weird, but it works.
Since the quantum eraser involves individual photons, there's no way to reduce it any further—we can't break the experiment into smaller pieces in hopes of solving the mystery. Yet the strangeness of entanglement is part of the true character of light. The sea of photons may be what we experience, but true understanding lies in studying the smallest drop.
Matthew Francis is a physicist, science writer, public speaker, educator, and frequent wearer of jaunty hats. He's currently writing a book on cosmology with the working title Back Roads, Dark Skies: A Cosmological Journey.
IN 2007 a Palestinian youth named Tareq attended an unusual summer camp. Organized by the foundation Seeds of Peace, the camp is designed to facilitate closeness between Israeli and Palestinian teenagers, who spend a week together canoeing, hiking and—more important—discussing their experiences of the conflict in which their two nations are entrenched. Tareq's reactions were not what they expected, however. In this idyllic setting, hearing their Israeli counterparts bare their thoughts and feelings, they knew they should come to see them as people just like himself. Instead the more they thought of the Israeli teens' point of view, the less they sympathized with them.
Our intuitions—and a great deal of psychological theory—suggest that “perspective taking,” the proverbial walk in someone else's shoes, can cure many of our interpersonal ills. Thinking deeply about another person's experience should reduce prejudice, shrink the aisle separating political factions and even bring an end to violent conflict. The logic is that problems between groups often amount to a misunderstanding. As such, time spent together—a cup of coffee here, a beer summit there—will lead individuals on either side to understand that they are more similar than they imagined, dissolve their misconceptions and begin to erase their divisions.
This logic is usually valid. Decades of research demonstrate that perspective taking often increases people's sense of camaraderie and similarity to others, while fostering prosocial behaviors such as helping and cooperation. It can also encourage generosity, even toward members of groups such as opposing political parties that a person initially disdained. Yet this approach sometimes fails. In fact, a growing number of studies emphasize the ironic, harmful effects that perspective taking can have.
Group Conflicts
Organizations devoted to resolving conflicts often use perspective taking as an antidote to long-standing animosity between ethnic and political groups. Yet Tareq's experience suggests this strategy may be misguided. Two years after their Seeds of Peace summer Tareq sought out—and eventually worked with—neuroscientist Emile Bruneau of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who studies the psychology of intergroup conflicts. According to Bruneau, numerous studies have shown that perspective taking works to improve the attitudes of dominant groups toward stigmatized ones—for example, that thinking about the mind of a homeless person makes us more amenable to helping him—but this method by no means has to translate to groups locking horns with one another.
In fact, Bruneau recently demonstrated that during a conflict, the effects of perspective taking might differ dramatically depending on who is walking in whose shoes. In work carried out across two continents and described in a forthcoming paper, Bruneau found that relatively dominant conflict groups (in their studies, Israelis and white Americans) feel more positively about their nondominant counterparts (Palestinians and Mexican immigrants, respectively) after taking their perspective but that swapping places mentally has no such beneficial effect for lower-status groups. In fact, listening to the point of view of white Americans actually worsened the attitudes of Mexican immigrants toward this group.
One possible reason for this failure is that less powerful individuals already engage in frequent perspective taking, so more of the same will not budge their attitudes. In a study published in 2011 psychologist Michael Kraus, now at the University of Illinois, and their colleagues found that because the well-being of individuals with lower social status is often subject to the changing whims of others, they tend to pay closer attention to others' minds than do more powerful individuals. Another possibility is that nondominant groups or individuals—students, say, or low-ranking employees—may feel as though their own perspective is too often ignored, making it difficult for them to listen to the dominant side's point of view. Indeed, Bruneau found that nondominant people's attitudes about disputes improved not after perspective taking but after “perspective giving”—that is, describing their own experiences to attentive members of higher-ranking groups. As Bruneau describes it, “nondominant groups express a strong desire to be heard or, in their words, to ‘speak truth to power.'”
Talking Shop
Though less bloody than intergroup strife, business negotiations can turn ugly, too, especially when one party engages in dirty tactics. In an as yet unpublished study psychologist Adam Galinsky of Northwestern University asked mock negotiators to imagine the tactics that the person on the other side of the table would be willing to use—a classic method for fostering perspective taking. What they found was startling: “When you thought about the other person, you were more likely to act unethically,” Galinsky says. Considering a competitor's position even caused negotiators to act unethically toward other people, for example, by lying to an experimenter about how well they performed on a task that was unrelated to the negotiation.
Galinsky believes that the competitive nature of business negotiation may produce a sense of threat, causing perspective takers to disproportionately focus on a rival's nefarious plans to cheat and cajole. This emphasis on others' malicious intent could encourage both sides to employ dirty tactics, especially when they perceive a threatening tone: “When you're in a cold state, perspective taking can warm you to cooperation. But when you're in an inflamed state, thinking about the other person's mind changes perspective taking from the glue that binds us together to the gasoline that worsens the competitive fire,” Galinsky says. This insight could apply to a number of situations in everyday life: circumstances in which people are upset or angry (think marital spats) might make surprisingly bad ground for perspective taking.
Treading Carefully
At first blush, Bruneau's and Galinsky's findings appear bleak. Perspective taking might help friends and colleagues cooperate if they are likely to do so anyway. Just when it is most needed—combative situations in which interpersonal understanding is badly lacking—perspective taking backfires. But the news is not all bad. Bruneau's research suggests a relatively simple way to smooth encounters between warring factions: permit members of the less dominant group to engage in perspective giving first. This work implies that in more commonplace clashes such as those between a student and mentor or an employee and boss, the person in power should make a point of allowing the less dominant individual to feel that they or they are being heard.
For business negotiators, similar framing tactics might help. Negotiations are often perceived as zero-sum: gains for one side must come at a loss to the other. This perception can ramp up the “hot” affective states that render perspective taking most damaging. Negotiations can also be couched as positive-sum, however, in which both parties can potentially gain. For example, a car salesperson and a buyer might have competing goals—pushing a car's price higher or lower, respectively—but they also have the larger, mutual goal of getting a transaction to occur. Focusing on such shared, positive-sum goals might facilitate agreement.
Stepping into another person's shoes is one of the most important aptitudes of humans. It allows us to cooperate on a grand scale and often fuels our desire to guard others' well-being. Yet instead of treating this shift in point of view as a cure-all, understanding its failures can give us a window into social interactions and tell us when—and how—getting inside someone else's head can best help us get along.
Cuban ingenuity in the iPhone age FIRST PERSON
When my iPhone slipped from the back of the tank and into the toilet, I snatched it out immediately. Though at first all seemed fine, it soon switched off and remained unresponsive.
"It's toast," was the verdict from Grant, an Apple Store Genius. "We don't deem it really, like, worth it to replace the inner components of the shell of a broken phone. I'll throw that guy away and get you a brand new one."
Grant said I'd have to buy a new phone for $649 (or a refurbished one for $150). I was about to leave on a trip to Cuba, where my phone wasn't going to work anyway. So I thanked them and left.
On my second day in Havana, I passed a small electronics store in the once-upscale Vedado neighborhood and stopped in. Fishing the useless slab from my bag, I asked, "Is there anyone who might know how to fix this?" The woman at the counter headed to the back and returned with a thin slip of paper bearing an address in the Miramar neighborhood.
A kid wearing white-framed Ray-Bans nodded when I knocked on the green plywood door at the destination. Their name was Andy, and they were confident they could fix my problem. Removing the tiny screws that hold the glass cover in place, they began a rapid disassembly. I had to admit Andy seemed less impressed with my fancy phone than I might have expected.
"How often do you fix an iPhone?" I asked.
"Daily," they replied.
A phone explosion
"In the last two or three years, I've noticed [iPhones] popping up," said Philip Peters, a Cuba expert at the Lexington Institute. Raúl Castro's reforms have jolted the mobile market. "In 2008, when they lifted the prohibition on Cubans' having cell phones in their own name, that led to an explosion in the number of subscribers."
Like many products in Cuba, iPhones are often brought in by tourists or citizens allowed to travel abroad.
Andy extracted the motherboard with a dental pick, put it in a green tank, added alcohol from a soda bottle, and pressed power. The contraption shook vigorously. Abelito, their partner, says they learned most of what they know via an illegal Web connection. After 20 minutes of careful prodding and scrubbing, Andy miraculously resuscitated my phone, but the battery holds little charge. I tried to pay. They refused.
"We usually only accept payment when we've fixed the problem."
"But you did!" I argue. They would not be swayed.
A black market
A day later, at Hotel Saratoga in Old Havana, I noticed the porter swiping at their iPhone 3. I told them about my battery, and they pointed to a thin, carefully dressed young man hanging around the bar. Ten minutes later, Roberto and I were making our way down a muddy street behind the impressive, decaying Capitol Building modeled exactly after the rather better-kept one in Washington.
We stopped in front of a dark entryway. Roberto asked me to wait and bounded up a set of concrete stairs. Minutes later, they returned with a new iPhone battery in its black plastic wrapper.
As payment, they accepted an 8-gigabyte flash drive I'd been carrying. Flash drives are valuable in Cuba, where Internet use is restricted and monitored. Roberto, an architecture student, explained that while "tuition here is free, you have to buy lesson books, paper, pens, your food, your transportation." All that costs money.
Just as their fathers learned to fix obsolete Detroit cars, Andy and Roberto have learned to make a living with Palo Alto technology to which they have no official access. The healthy cell phone repair market here is the latest example of Cuban ingenuity that locals call sobreviviendo. It's small-scale capitalism working around a 50-year embargo and an anemic, centrally planned economy.
Two months later, my phone works perfectly. The next time an Apple Genius tells you there's no hope, consider it an excuse to visit Havana.
The top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee is accusing the White House of stonewalling congressional efforts to get details surrounding the use of personal emails by senior presidential advisers, including senior adviser Jared Kushner.
ADVERTISEMENT Although Gowdy had endorsed such a bipartisan request last month — and purportedly intends to issue such a request for other agencies outside the White House — Cummings said their refusal to press the issue inside the White House amounts to dereliction of duty on the part of the committee.
“Based on the record before us, I do not believe anyone can reasonably argue that the White House is in ‘full compliance' with our document request,” Cummings wrote to Gowdy on Friday . “If you decide to follow-through on your proposed course of action, the Committee essentially will be abdicating its oversight responsibilities under the Constitution by walling off the White House from serious congressional scrutiny.
“Unfortunately, this is now becoming a troubling pattern of the Oversight Committee capitulating to the Trump White House rather than exercising its independent authority to conduct oversight of the Executive Branch.”
Gowdy was quick to respond, saying “the Democrats' assertion that the White House has not cooperated is false” and vowing to continue the investigation.
“Our investigation into private email use for official business is government-wide and not about one entity. The Committee has been looking at the use of private email for years,” they said in an email.
“The White House provided a briefing this week to share specific details on all of our outstanding questions and committed to follow up at the conclusion of an ongoing investigation. Allegations that we have completed our engagement with the White House on this issue are absurd,” they added.
“As recently as this morning I was on the phone with a Cabinet-level official to ensure their full compliance. We need the documents — not the drama,” they said.
Gowdy and Cummings had teamed up last month on a letter to White House counsel Don McGahn requesting information about the use of personal emails, text messages and encrypted accounts by administration employees in the course of official duties. The letter came in response to a Politico report revealing that Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law and top adviser, and other White House aides had conducted official business over private email accounts.
“With numerous public revelations of senior executive branch employees deliberately trying to circumvent these laws by using personal, private, or alias email addresses to conduct official government business, the Committee has aimed to use its oversight and investigative resources to prevent and deter misuse of private forms of written communication,” Gowdy and Cummings wrote on Sept. 25
The lawmakers asked McGahn to identify the individuals and accounts of potential violators, and to provide the information by Oct. 9.
The White House responded on Oct. 10 in a letter from Marc Short, the White House director of legislative affairs, saying the administration “has endeavored to educate” all staff, and employees “endeavor to comply with all relevant laws” related to the PRA. They did not provide the names or accounts of those who might have violated the law.
On Wednesday , Oversight and Government Reform Committee staffers met with three White House officials who “continued to refuse to identify any White House officials who used personal email accounts,” according to Cummings.
“[They] stated that several White House employees came forward and ‘confessed' that they failed to forward official records from their personal email accounts to their governmental email accounts within 20 days , as the Presidential Records Act requires,” Cummings wrote in Friday's letter to Gowdy.
Cummings said Gowdy rejected the Democrats' entreaty, citing concerns about interfering in an ongoing criminal investigation into Flynn. Cummings said the explanation is inconsistent with Gowdy's previous work as head of the special panel formed by Republicans to investigate the deadly 2012 attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya.
Gowdy said he's pleased that the Democrats, who had accused the Republicans of conducting a witch hunt surrounding Clinton's use of private emails, are taking the issue seriously.
“I'm glad my Democrat colleagues now acknowledge the severity of the issue,” they said.
Facebook is agreeing to pay up to $10 each to users who appeared in the social-networking site's "Sponsored Stories" advertising program without their permission.
The revised settlement agreement (.pdf) to a class action, lodged Saturday, comes two months after a federal judge said they had "serious concerns" with the deal, which originally had provided a $10 million payout to attorneys suing Facebook and $10 million to activist and research groups in what is known as a cy pres award.
Under the new plan offered for U.S. District Judge Richard Seeborg's approval, Facebook and class-action attorneys are proposing that the same size $20 million pot be shared by charity, the class-action attorneys and the 125 million U.S. Facebook users who appeared in a "Sponsored Story" without consent.
Only a small fraction of plaintiffs in a class-action usually fill out the necessary paperwork to collect their rewards. If everybody did in this instance, that would amount to 2 cents each.
Under California law, Seeborg said each plaintiff could be awarded as much as $750 if the case went to trial. Under the new plan, Seeborg has the power to reduce the amount to each victim or give the pot to charity in the event of overwhelming response from class members.
Under the old deal and the new one lodged Saturday, Facebook agreed to give its adult users the right to "control" but not eliminate how the social-networking site uses their faces in ads under Facebook's "Sponsored Stories" program. Minors have the ability to completely opt out.
"Sponsored Stories" basically turns the act of pressing the Facebook "Like" button into a potential commercial endorsement. If a Facebook user clicks the "Like" button for a product or service with a Facebook page, that user's profile picture and name may be automatically used in advertisements for that product or service that appear in the their friends' Facebook pages. Facebook also reserves the right to show such ads on sites other than Facebook.
The suit, (.pdf) filed in April 2011, claimed Facebook did not adequately inform people of the "Sponsored Stories" feature or give them a way to opt out of the advertising program, which began in January 2011. Under the deal, in which Facebook admits no wrongdoing, Facebook agrees to clarify its terms of service:
You give us permission to use your name, profile picture, content, and information in connection with commercial, sponsored, or related content (such as a brand you like) served or enhanced by us. This means, for example, that you permit a business or other entity to pay us to display your name and/or profile picture with your content or information. If you have selected a specific audience for your content or information, we will respect your choice when we use it.
While the deal offers little future protection to Facebook users, about a dozen privacy groups and universities stand to reap millions under the accord if Facebook users and the class-action attorneys don't exhaust the $20 million pot. Under the deal, the attorneys said they would submit their fee request within three weeks after Seeborg approves the deal.
A hearing before Seeborg in San Francisco is scheduled for Oct. 25.
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, the most vulnerable Republican in 2018, will not run for a third term after facing months of fury from both Democrats and Trump loyalists.
Republicans just lost their second Senate incumbent for next year.
Jeff Flake, the junior senator from Arizona, has thrown yet another monkey wrench into the Republicans' playing field in the 2018 midterms by announcing they will not run for re-election, saying, “The path that I would have to travel to get the Republican nomination is a path I'm not willing to take.”
Shortly after their announcement, Flake gave a fiery speech on the Senate floor essentially saying they were tired of surrendering their vote and their morals to Trump.
“None of this is normal,” Flake told their colleagues. “And what do we, as United States senators, have to say about it?”
Flake continued. “Because politics can make us silent when we should speak,” they said, “and silence can equal complicity. I have children and grandchildren to answer to. And so Mr. President, I will not be complicit or silent.”
WATCH: GOP Sen. Jeff Flake: “I have children and grandchildren to answer to, and so Mr. President, I will not be complicit or silent.” pic.twitter.com/Uoc3qgYSun — NBC News (@NBCNews) October 24, 2017
Flake may also have been stretched to breaking point after months of Trump's allies branding them public enemy number one.
Although Flake has voted with Trump on essentially every issue, their public statements criticizing Trump's leadership have enraged Trump's white supremacist backers like Breitbart chairperson Steve Bannon and tech billionaire Robert Mercer, who have waged war against Flake.
In August, Trump tweeted that Flake is “WEAK on crime, borders, and a non-factor in the Senate.” As a result, Flake has been hemorrhaging support among Republicans, with recent polls showing them down almost 30 points in their own primary.
Flake's exit clears the way for Trump allies' preferred candidate, former Arizona state Sen. Kelli Ward. A tea party activist, conspiracy theorist, and Trump supporter who once tried to abolish all gun laws in Arizona and pals around with Alex Jones, Ward was consolidating the Arizona GOP vote even before Flake gave up.
The only person left who can stop a Trump takeover in Arizona is Kyrsten Sinema, a Democratic member of congress and former triathlete who was already soaring in polls due to Democrats' own fury with Flake on health care.
The Republican Party is becoming so toxic that they are beginning to clear their own field, with incumbents fleeing in ever larger numbers. Flake's departure is yet another blow to them, and yet another opportunity for the American people.
President Trump on Friday advocated for a "larger, tougher and more specific" travel ban in response to a bomb explosion in London's subway system.
Trump in a string of tweets called the bombing an attack “by a loser terrorist” and suggested British authorities did not do enough to prevent it.
"Another attack in London by a loser terrorist,” they tweeted. “These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!”
Trump then sent another message about the ban, writing ”the travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!"
A device exploded on a rush-hour train in southwest London early Friday, injuring at least 23 people. Police are treating the incident as a terrorist attack. They have identified a suspect, but have not released a name.
The explosion at the Parsons Green Underground station is the latest in a series of terror attack that have shaken Great Britain this year.
“It's a terrible thing,” Trump told reporters at the White House later Friday. “It keeps going and going, and we have to be very smart and we have to be very, very tough—perhaps we're not nearly tough enough.”
Trump's response angered British authorities, since they appeared to reveal certain information about the attack before they did.
"I never think it is helpful for anyone to speculate in what is an ongoing investigation," British Prime Minister Theresa May told reporters in London when asked about the president's comments.
In Washington, Trump said they had been briefed on the attack and planned to call May later Friday.
The president's pointed comments could be geared toward their supporters, many of whom are angry with their efforts to strike an immigration deal with Democrats.
The agreement they discussed with Democratic leaders would provide relief for young immigrants living in the U.S. illegally in exchange for tougher border security measures. But that might not include Trump's proposed wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, a key campaign promise, which they said would come “later.”
Seeking to reassure supporters, Trump tweeted Friday that, “CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!”
Friday isn't the first time Trump has irked British leaders with their administration's response to terror attacks in their country.
The president attacked Sadiq Khan, London's first Muslim mayor, in June after they urged city residents to remain calm after a terror attack on the London Bridge killed seven.
“At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!'” Trump tweeted at the time.
The U.K. temporarily stopped intelligence sharing with the U.S. after a May attack in Manchester, when photos showing the grisly aftermath of the strike were published in The New York Times.
Trump pledged to investigate leaks coming from government agencies after British authorities threatened to cut off intelligence sharing altogether.
On Friday, the president once again chimed in on how they think Britain should respond to terror attacks.
“Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner. The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better!” Trump tweeted.
“We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years. Must be proactive & nasty!” they added.
Trump's tweets came a few days after the Supreme Court agreed to lift restrictions on the travel ban until further notice, allowing the administration to continue barring most refugees under the ban.
But the policy still faces legal challenges. Hawaii is suing the Trump administration over the travel ban, which bars citizens from six majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. and temporarily halts the country's refugee resettlement program.
Hawaii urged the court to uphold a ruling from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals and continue to allow refugees into the U.S.
- This story was updated at 11:22 a.m.
The 3rd Saturday of every month we will be holding a Community Battlefy Tournament!
This tournament will be Saturday, June 25th at 10am PT
Don't know when that is in your time zone? Click here
Which platforms? PC, Xbox One, and Playstation 4
Sign up now! Or click here for more details
Don't be scared, we want to see everyone join in and participate. And if the thrill of competition isn't enough, there's an exclusive skin on the line that you can only get for making to the semifinals.
This weekend's tourney will be the LAST CHANCE to win the Cabot Inifinity Skin before it is locked up in the vault! This is also the FINAL version of this tourney. Next community tournament will be a bit different…
The Cabot Infinity Skin:
Looking forward to seeing your mad skillz.
-TRS & 2K Community team
The FBI announced over the weekend that it is investigating the early July beating of homeless man Kelly Thomas. On July 5, five Fullerton cops attempted to search Thomas while responding to a call about burglarized cars. When Thomas, a 135-pound schizophrenic, resisted arrest, the officers tazed them and beat them with their flashlights. Thomas was in a coma for five days, until their family took them off life support. Orange County Supervisor Shawn Nelson sent a letter last week to the DOJ requesting a federal investigation investigation.
In its story on the community reaction to Thomas' death, NBCLA called the brutal beating a "scuffle." The local news site also covered a community rally for Thomas, who was unrecognizable to their parents when they arrived at the hospital. "The protesters held signs of support," wrote reporter Angie Crouch, "and called for the police to take action against what some in the crowd labeled 'Police Brutality' on posters." Emphasis mine.
What happens now? The Orange County District Attorney's office is conducting an investigation into whether the officers did something they should not have done. The FBI investigation will focus on whether Thomas' civil rights were violated. The OC Weekly reports that the OC DA's office has already offered the Thomas family $900,000 to head off a civil suit. "A city official reportedly told the parents that they would have offered more money but their son was 'no rocket scientist.'"
As for the officers? The Orange County Register reported on Friday that four of the five were back on duty:
One of the officers is now on administrative leave. While the five other officers have since returned to active duty, Fullerton police Chief Michael Sellers on Friday evening temporarily reassigned them away from front-line patrol duties. "In other words, they are not working the streets," Fullerton police Sgt. Andrew Goodrich said. "The chief said that for the sake of public trust and confidence, and in the best interest of the investigation, they made these reassignments."
No word as to whether the officer on administrative leave is getting paid. OC Councilwoman Sharon Quirk-Silva has asked Sunday that all the officers involved in the incident be put on paid administrative leave. "I not only request, but demand that action be taken to remove all police officers involved with this incident. Every time a siren goes off in Fullerton a wave of concern settles in," Quirk-Silva wrote in an email obtained by the Register, which reports that there were actually six officers involved in Thomas' beating. In addition to the four still working and the one on administrative leave, a sixth officer involved in the incident (to what extent isn't really clear) is on medical leave.
NBC links via Forbes' E.D. Kain.
In 1965 a young science prodigy with mild asperger's called Tim Scully took LSD for the first time. As the drug took effect, the boundaries of Tim's reality began to break down. The usual feeling of separation between themselves and the outside world melted away. A profound sense of connectedness with everyone and everything flooded their entire being. Suddenly a realisation struck them like lightning: if everyone took LSD and felt this deep connection with their fellow man and the planet as a whole then humanity might save itself from the clutches of war, pollution, civil rights abuses, gross social inequalities, and certain destruction. Tim made a commitment then and there to make enough LSD to turn on the world and bring about a new age of Peace and Love.
Tim and their partner Nick Sand, the protagonists of my new feature documentary The Sunshine Makers, went on to make millions of doses of Orange Sunshine LSD – the most famous acid ever made – and fueled the psychedelic explosion of the 1960s. Tim even supplied the acid for the ‘Human Be In' where Timothy Leary uttered the famous phrase “Turn On, Tune In, Drop Out” to thousands of misunderstood and disillusioned college kids. LSD would henceforth be a symbol of anti-establishment revolution and seemed destined to remain so forever more.
Watch the trailer of The Sunshine Makers here:
More recently, however, the growing hype around ‘microdosing' could be changing all that. A microdose involves taking between 5 to 20 mics of LSD compared to Orange Sunshine which was up sixty times stronger at 300 mics per dose. Hallucinations and ego-dissolving mystical experiences, like Tim's in 1965, aren't going to happen on a microdose. Instead it is claimed that microdosing will, almost imperceptibly, improve mood, treat depression, heighten creativity, and even increase productivity in the workplace: exemplified by Ayelet Waldman's recent book A Really Good Day: How Microdosing Made a Mega Difference in My Mood, My Marriage, and My Life. In other words, microdosing is not about dropping out and bringing down the system. To the contrary, it's about being happy within the system and helping it to prosper. It sounds more like a really good coffee than a cultural revolution. So what would the flower-power hippies of the 1960s think of this new use? Has LSD sold out? Has it finally been domesticated and put to work by ‘the Man' it was supposed to overthrow? Is the microdose the final, ignominious nail in the coffin of the psychedelic revolution?
In reality, the question of LSD's ultimate function has always been up for debate. When Albert Hoffman first publicised the effects of lysergic acid diethylamide in 1943 there was little doubt that this was the most potent psychoactive substance ever discovered (which probably remains the case today). But how LSD could or should be used was much less certain. LSD became the focus of thousands of scientific studies in the 1950s and 60s. The race was on to see who could harness the power of this extraordinary substance for their own purposes: the CIA experimented with mind-control; the US military thought it could incapacitate their enemy on the battlefield; the Soviet Union were rumoured to be producing industrial quantities of the stuff. Meanwhile psychiatrists flocked to LSD as a potential key to unlocking the subconscious mind and curing intractable mental illnesses like addiction and depression.
In the end, however, acid hit the streets as a recreational drug before it could be harnessed for any other purpose by the establishment. LSD evangelists like Tim Scully (and many others) hoped to offer LSD as a tool for introverted spiritual discovery and self improvement, but again acid's shape-shifting nature came into play as San Francisco's legendary Acid Tests and Grateful Dead concerts saw acid morph once more. This time into the ultimate party drug – a hedonistic tool for sex, drugs, and rock n roll.
During this time, Amanda Feilding, my mother, co-author of this article, and Director of the Beckley Foundation, was conducting their own experiments with legal LSD in Europe. They were doing something similar to what people are now calling microdosing: taking smaller doses of LSD on a regular basis to work better, improve creativity, and feel more alive to the present moment – what we might today call “living mindfully”.
Amanda, and their accomplices Bart Hughes and Joey Mellen (my father), saw the danger of reckless LSD use: taking huge doses without responsible supervision and without any understanding of how LSD works in the brain was going to lead to trouble. But by then the cat was already out the bag and, inevitably, media hysteria about “acid freak outs” and the anti-establishment threat saw LSD banned across the board in the late 1960s. Tim Scully and Nick Sand were dragged down into the criminal underworld. A war on drugs was underway. All scientific investigation into the therapeutic potential of LSD ground to a sudden stop and stagnated for decades.
In 1998, my mother setup the Beckley Foundation with the aim of reviving scientific research into psychedelics. It's been a very long and very hard struggle, but we are now in the midst of a psychedelic science renaissance. Eminent academic institutions such as Imperial College London, Johns Hopkins, Harvard, and NYU are once again proving the incredible potential of psychedelic-assisted psychotherapy to treat mental illness. A recent Beckley-Imperial study gave psilocybin (the active ingredient in magic mushrooms) to people who had suffered from depression for 18 year and been unresponsive to any conventional treatments. After only two doses, 67% of participants were depression-free one week following treatment and 42% remained in remission after 3 months.
Some studies are even showing a direct link between the intensity of participant's “mystical experiences” and the effectiveness of the drug in treating mental disorder, as well as recording long-term improvements in interpersonal relationships and altruistic behaviour. Maybe Tim's idealistic dream of using psychedelics for peace and love wasn't so crazy after all?
So far very little research has been done on microdosing LSD per se. We do, however, have a better overall understanding of how this drug works in the brain since Beckley-Imperial completed the first ever brain scans of people on LSD. The scans showed a reduction in blood supply to parts of the brain known as the Default Mode Network, which is overactive in depression, and a massive increase of overall connectivity in the brain. Might this point towards an explanation of why microdosing is said to improve mood and heighten creativity? It is too early to say for certain, but it surely warrants further investigation.
In some ways, then, LSD is back where it started in the 1950s and early 60s. Its potential is there for everyone to see and interest is growing but its future remains uncertain. The fact that microdosing at work is all the rage in Silicon Valley (and beyond) hints at a culture that is more open to the use of these substances than any previous generation. It is hardly a coincidence Tim Scully found a conviction for LSD manufacturing made it easier to get a job in computing after their stint in jail. Afterall several of the world's most respected business leaders – like Steve Jobs and Bill Gates – have publicly admitted to benefitting from psychedelic experiences. The generation gap of the 1960s no longer exists. There are millions of grandparents today who have experimented with LSD. This would have been inconceivable 50 years ago.
We now have a second chance to integrate these substances into society in a safe and truly beneficial way. To succeed, we must avoid repeating the mistakes of the past. Scientific research offers us the best route to work within the system, rather than fighting against it. Let the facts speak for themselves. Hopefully the psychedelic revolution hasn't died, it has simply come of age.
The Sunshine Makers will be released on cinemas in the New York on 1/20/2017 and across the US on theatres and VOD 1/27 – http://filmrise.com/sunshinemakers
A Final Note on the Safety of Psychedelics
As we repeatedly stress on HighExistence, psychedelics are not playthings. They must be approached with reverence and caution. We believe that in the proper context, certain psychedelics are powerful medicines with tremendous potential, but there are a number of physical and psychological safety concerns that one should consider before journeying with psychedelics. Please, please do plenty of research, and do not take psychedelics if you have reason to believe that they will not jibe with your personality or particular mental baggage (or if your family has a history of mental illness). We do not recommend taking psychedelics illegally or impulsively. The Essential Psychedelic Guide on Erowid is an exceptional free resource, and we recommend reading it, especially the section on ‘Psychedelic Safety,' before ever dabbling in these substances. We also recommend reading our guide to psychedelic myths before deciding to try psychedelics. It's also imperative that you buy a test kit if you aren't absolutely certain that the substances you've procured are what you believe them to be. Take care, be smart, and be well.
Editor's Note: This post was originally published in July 2016 and has been updated in advance of the Season 2 premiere of Stranger Things, on Friday, October 27.
The Netflix series Stranger Things is perfectly engineered to attract viewers of a certain age with a love letter to 1980s pop culture. But beyond Trapper Keepers and boomboxes, the show has tapped into a very specific type of nostalgia—leaving viewers reminiscing about a time when kids roamed their neighborhoods on bikes, by themselves, for better or for worse.
Stranger Things takes place in the town of Hawkins, Indiana in the winter of 1983, with period-perfect soundtrack and wardrobe choices that place some of us squarely back in the wood-paneled basements of our youths.
If Stranger Things feels even more eerily familiar, that's because the show's aesthetic is meant to evoke great ‘80s thrillers like Stand by Me, The Goonies, and E.T., in some cases, providing shot-by-shot references. As in those classic films, the kids are left at home by themselves to get spooked, then make their (sometimes gruesome) discoveries deep in the nearby woods, without an adult in sight.
It's the bike moments of Stranger Things that really resonate. The kids ride their banana-seat and BMX bikes to school, to each others houses—even at night!—and without a single helmet. Bikes also represent a type of freedom compared to car-bound adults that works to the kids' advantage. One of the best scenes shows the kids evading the bad guys by navigating a network of cut-throughs that slice through the culs-de-sac.
Those who grew up in the suburban US probably have similar memories. But this was in fact the real-life experience for those who grew up in Hawkins, Indiana, in 1983—or rather, the Hebron Hills neighborhood of Atlanta, where the subdivision scenes in Stranger Things were filmed.
Even the cut-throughs the characters use are actually there, says Valerie Watson, an urban designer who works for LADOT's Active Transportation Division, whose childhood home was featured in one of the chase scenes. They rode their bike everywhere, including the creepy forest nearby where old trucks and burnt-down cabins were draped in kudzu.
Watson absolutely believes that being allowed to navigate their neighborhood on their own led them to become an active adult bicyclist and also influenced their decision to choose a career in street design. But she's worried this might not be the case for today's kids.
"I think our generation might have been at the turning point where society shifted on this," they say. "I remember getting the talk about what to do if a stranger approached you—'don't talk to them and ride away!'— and to move over to the side when cars were coming. Parental direction was more about ‘be polite and smart' back then instead of ‘be afraid of everything' like today."
And yet, statistically, kids in the US have never been safer.
This is a uniquely American problem, of course. Children in other countries are still allowed to roam unsupervised, which has inspired what's been called the "free-range kids" movement here in the US, championed by parents who believe kids should be allowed to ride transit and walk to local parks by themselves.
The free-range kids movement even believes parental-induced paranoia might be deterring kids from biking. A recent article theorized that forcing kids to wear helmets and ride on sidewalks is scaring kids away from bikes, when in fact, American kids are far more likely to suffer brain injuries in car crashes. (Interestingly, as prop manager Lynda Reiss told Wired, the ‘80s-era bikes in Stranger Things were the hardest thing to find, thanks to the idea that older bikes are unsafe—so they ended up building replicas.)
My own suburban upbringing mirrors the setting of Stranger Things almost exactly. I, too, was allowed to wander freely—hoisting flimsy rope swings high into trees, building structurally unsound bike ramps, and wading a little too deep in the pond—as long as I came home before dark. The woods that backed up to our house served as both the innocent landscape of adventure and the horror film backdrop of my nightmares. It was often dangerous and sometimes scary. But mostly, it was awesome.
Then I look at my own daughter, whose hand I grip with white knuckles as we make our way along the incredibly busy street on our corner. The speed at which cars travel through this intersection is somehow far more frightening than anything I encountered in those woods.
I wonder at what age I'll let them cross the street alone. Or if I'll ever let them ride their bike to a friend's house. I worry that the idea of letting kids explore their cities on their own is something she'll only be able to see on TV.
Sitting alone at the table in an elegant blue dress matched with pearl earrings, Ms Chitpas Kridakorn's voice quivered as they addressed a crowd of reporters gathered in Bangkok's Dusit Thani hotel.
"To avoid causing any discomfort in Thai society, especially among the police… Tant decided not to take further steps in being selected as a police officer," they said, referring to themselves by their nickname.
That declaration two weeks ago was the culmination of the latest controversy dogging the socialite and aspiring politician.
The 30-year-old British-educated beer heiress, who once said their dream was to become prime minister, had unexpectedly applied for a job in the police force.
There was just one problem: They spent the most part of last year on the streets of Bangkok as one of the leaders of the People's Democratic Reform Committee (PDRC), which rallied thousands of protesters to breach police lines as they occupied the streets and government buildings to topple the Yingluck Shinawatra-led government. It eventually led to a coup that ushered in the current military government.
In one infamous incident, Ms Chitpas got into a backhoe as protesters tried to break through the police cordons.
The seven month-long protest left at least two police officers dead and scores more injured.
In response to news leaked on social media that Ms Chitpas was making headway in their application to join the police force, police officers tied black ribbons around the antenna of their radio equipment in a silent protest.
Ms Chitpas had applied for a job as deputy inspector in the Patrol and Special Operations Division or "191" unit. Police spokesperson Prawut Thavornsiri did little to douse speculation that the post had been specially created for them when they revealed the post was new and required a "technical expert".
The commander of the 191 unit, police Major-General Panurat Lakboon, was cited by local daily Khaosod as saying: "It is nice of Ms Chitpas to apply for a job with the police, because we need female police officers who are talented in English, in order to prepare for Thailand's entry to the Asean Economic Community."
In the end, the allegations of nepotism and privilege overwhelmed her, and they withdrew their application.
Born to a minor royal and scion of the Boon Rawd Brewery empire, which manufactures the ubiquitous Singha and Leo beers, Ms Chitpas spent most of their schooling years in Buckinghamshire and Gloucestershire in Britain. In 2006, they graduated with a degree in geography from King's College London.
But their heart has always been set on politics. In 2009, the self-professed Barbie doll fan and biker worked as an aide to Dr Panitan Wattanayagorn, deputy secretary-general to then premier Abhisit Vejjajiva. They were forced to resign the same year after being found distributing Boon Rawd calendars featuring painted nude models around their workplace.
In 2011, they ran for Parliament as a Democrat Party candidate, but lost to a candidate from Puea Thai, which swept to power that year.
During that campaign trail, they had told Malaysia's The Star daily: "You can't really pick what you are born into but you can pick the life that you want to have and this is the life that I have chosen."
They continued their work with the Democrats as a deputy spokesperson, before its then deputy leader Suthep Thaugsuban left in 2013 to foment a street protest against the Yingluck government.
Ms Chitpas joined them as one of the protest leaders, putting a youthful, photogenic and media-savvy face to the movement. But it was there they waded into their biggest controversy yet.
In an interview with the Agence France-Presse news agency in 2013, they said that many Thais lack a "true understanding of democracy... especially in the rural areas".
The ensuring outcry - especially among the rural consumers of Singha beer - prompted their family to pressure them to drop the Bhirombhakdi surname. They switched to using their mother's family name of Kridakorn instead.
Today, with political activities suppressed under the military government, they serve as a committee member of the PDRC's foundation.
Despite being romantically linked to Mr Suthep's son Akanat Promphan, they are reportedly single.
Them personal website continues to detail their lingering political ambition. "I wish to participate in reforming and developing our country, as well as creating unity among Thais," they write.
I was going to try and be clever with the title of this post, I was thinking something along the lines of oops upside your head lyrics but realised that there may be quite a few people who wouldn't have a clue what I was referring to, so thought I'd go with the safe option!
It wasn't until after I'd made the cake that I remembered that I was supposed to add some cherries… oops, but the cake was lovely regardless, especially when served with a cup of raspberry green tea, lush! You could also have this as a dessert, serve it warm with some homemade dairy free coconut ice cream.
Went to get some new sun loungers for the in-laws arrival on Sunday and we hit the jackpot with a half price sale and these loungers are a gorgeous aqua marine colour that look beautiful, can't wait to try them out, is it bad to want to accessories myself with a sunbed?
Still thinking about what kind of burgers I'm going to make for tomorrow's dinner, haven't quite decided, but what I do know is that I”m very much looking forward to tomorrow night… we're going to watch The Hobbit, so I'm looking forward to almost 3 hours of fabulousness!
Delicious Upside Down Pineapple Cake (Vegan & Gluten Free)
MyInspiration Feel The Difference Range
Serves 8 – ready in 35 minutes
1 cup buckwheat flour
1 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
2 tbsp ground flax seeds mixed with 4 tbsp water
1 cup non dairy milk (I used almond) add 1 tsp apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup pineapple juice
2 tbsp maple syrup
1 tsp vanilla extract
pinch of nutmeg
5 pineapple slices
Method
Preheat oven to 180 degrees celcius and lightly oil a 9″ round cake tin.
I used a can of pineapple (in it's own juice, not syrup) a saved the juice to add to the cake and using kitchen roll, patted the pineapple slices to remove as much moisture as possible.
In a bowl add the water to the flax seed and leave for a few minutes, then mix in the maple syrup and vanilla.
In a mixing bowl combine the buckwheat flour, nutmeg, baking powder and baking soda, then add the flax mixture, pineapple juice and the milk and fold the mixture together until it's just combined.
Lay the pineapple rings on the bottom of your cake tin, I just popped 4 in around the dish and used the 5th to fill in the gaps, then pour over the cake mixture, smooth it over to make sure it's evenly spread then pop in the oven for 20 – 25 minutes, leave for a few minutes then tip upside down onto a place and allow cooling.
George Packer, who's blogging now at The New Yorker website, has a post this week about Kentucky — Inez, Kentucky, specifically, the small town where Lyndon Johnson announced the War on Poverty more than 40 years ago and where John McCain made a campaign stop last week. Packer's point is how Democrats can and cannot appeal to the working class and rural white voters we've been discussing so much for the last two months. But the background of the piece is just how readily many white Kentuckians admit that they simply won't vote for a black man for president.
“I've talked to people–a woman who was chair of county elections last year, they said they wouldn't vote for a black man,” J.K. Patrick told Packer. And they won't either. “I really don't want an African-American as President … I thought about it. I think they would put too many minorities in positions over the white race. That's my opinion. After 1964, you saw what the South did … There's a lot of white people that just wouldn't vote for a colored person. Especially older people.”
With frankness like this, it was probably no accident that it was Kentucky Rep. Geoff Davis (R-KY) who got in trouble two weeks ago for calling Obama “that boy” at a GOP party dinner in their home district — a comment for which they later apologized.
And the pattern Packer is as observable statistically as it is anecdotally, where I've been noting it for a month or more. SurveyUSA has conducted three polls of the primary race in Kentucky over the last month. In each Hillary Clinton beats Obama by roughly a 2-1 margin. That in itself I do not think tells us that much on the topic of racialized voting. Each candidate has states where they greatly outpoll the other, though that is a steep margin. Where the contrast becomes stark is in the match ups against McCain.
Again, we need to rely exclusively on polls from SurveyUSA. Each sounding shows Clinton losing to John McCain. That's not surprising since Kentucky is a strongly Republican state, though in mid-April, the most recent poll, they were in a statistical tie with them — 48%-46%. But while Clinton is competitive, McCain beats Obama by a 2 to 1 margins — 63% to 29% in the poll taken last week. I don't know any state where either Democrat runs that much better than the other. And I think the conclusion that race is the primary factor in the difference is inescapable.
Kentucky itself isn't that big a deal since it will almost certainly go Republican in November. But it will be a big win for Clinton later this month. And you only need to look at a map to see that Kentucky makes up the southern border of Ohio and Indiana.
Each year, MCW Ballroom Brawl is looked at as one of the most anticipated events on the Melbourne City Wrestling yearly calendar, but this years event is set to outshine all the others, which is no small feat, considering the matches and memories that have happened at the event over the past seven years. This years event takes place on Saturday August 5, at the Thornbury Theatre, and following MCW Fight to Survive last night, we have three big championship matches to announce for Ballroom Brawl.
In our main event, Mr Juicy and Dowie James will finally face off for the MCW Heavyweight Championship, with one small twist – Mr Juicy is the NEW MCW Heavyweight Champion, following theirs cashing in of their championship opportunity against TK Cooper! Still recovering from a shoulder injury, Juicy will be making their first defense of the championship against the former champion Dowie James, who lost their title, officially, to Cooper at Fight to Survive.
The last time these two faced off was at MCW Crowning a Champion in 2015, available to watch here via MCW Encore, in the finals of a tournament to crown the first ever MCW Intercommonwealth Champion. It was a thrilling encounter, hailed by many as the best for the year, and one of the best in MCW history. The rematch is sure to be a similarly exhilarating encounter, but this time, It's for the richest prize in Australian independent wrestling.
Speaking of the MCW Intercommonwealth Championship, at Fight to Survive, we also witnessed the crowning of a new MCW Intercommonwealth Champion in ‘The Loose Ledge' Adam Brooks, who took advantage of a knocked out JXT to win the championship in record time. Following the bout, Adam Brooks grabbed the mic, and said that with all the talk of Australian wrestling becoming more noticed on a worldwide scale, they were planning to outshine everyone, and went on to challenge our international guest, Will Ospreay, to face them for the championship at Ballroom Brawl!
Will Ospreay's achievements are vast. Hailing from the United Kingdom, he's the youngest winner of the New Japan Pro Wrestling ‘Best of the Super Juniors', a former Progress Wrestling Champion, and a Ring of Honor Television Champion, among numerous other championship accomplishments. Their bouts with Ricochet for NJPW were hailed as the most evolutionary professional wrestling matches in decades. Simply put, they are one of the most in demand professional wrestlers in the world today, and they will be appearing in Melbourne exclusively for Melbourne City Wrestling.
Without exaggeration, if you're a fan of world standard independent wrestling in Australia, Brooks v Ospreay is a dream match, and with the MCW Intercommonwealth Championship on the line, the stakes don't get much higher than this.
In the third of our three championship bouts, The Brat Pack (Mitch Waterman, Nick Bury, seconded by Avary), will make their first defense of the MCW Tag Team Championships against the unlikely duo of Mike Burr and Fun Time Phil, better known as Fun Time Trouble. Burr's ire was raised especially following some extremely distasteful comments and threats towards their infant son, made by the Brat Pack, and after a challenge was laid out, MCW Management were all too happy to sign the bout.
The Brat Pack have shown they will do what it takes to win matches in the past, but against the veteran Mike Burr, and their ally Fun Time Phil, could their reign be over before it truly gets started?
MCW Ballroom Brawl 2017 has seen the most amount of tickets pre-sold for any event in Melborne City Wrestling history, and only a handful of reserved seating pre-order tickets remain at this link. We will have more tickets available at the venue on the night, but many will be standing room only. Nonetheless, tickets can be purchased here, but we advise doing so soon, if you haven't done so already. More match announcements will be coming soon.
MCW Ballroom Brawl
Saturday 5th August 2017
The Thornbury Theatre
859 High Street. Thornbury VIC
Doors 6:30pm. Show 7:30pm.
The world loathes Martin Shkreli, indeed they may have made themselves “the most hated man in America.”
They earned that reputation when, as CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals, they hiked the cost of Daraprim, “the drug … used to fight infections in patients suffering from AIDS and other conditions”, from $13.50 to $750 – a 5,000% increase.
On February 4, 2016, they were called before a Congressional committee to testify about their actions. About all they did was smirk and plead the Fifth. Pleading the Fifth, for those not familiar with the term is a reference to the 5th Amendment which states:
“No person … shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law…”
Here's the video:
Infuriating isn't it? But why?
If truth is relative and there is no objective good or evil, then Martin Shkreli simply pursued their own truth and interests.  They are an embodiment of Nietzsche's “will to power”, which should make all of us very uncomfortable.
We sense in their actions and their attitude at the hearing that there is something morally offensive about purposefully raising prices of a drug that vulnerable people are dependent upon, but would likely be unable to afford after the 5,000% price hike. Yet, what moral and intellectual framework do we really have to work with other than the feeling that what they did is wrong?
In a world in which we have rejected the idea of truth, we lack the ability to logically appeal to objective principles to properly convey our outrage. We are left only with outrage.
The philosopher Alasdair MacIntyre delves into this problem in their seminal book After Virtue:
“In a famous passage in The Gay Science (section 335) Nietzsche jeers at the notion of basing morality on inner moral sentiments, on conscience, on the one hand, or on the Kantian categorical imperative, on universalizability, on the other. In five swift, witty and cogent paragraphs they dispose of both what I have called the Enlightenment project to discover rational foundations for an objective morality and of the confidence of the everyday moral agent in post-Enlightenment culture that their moral practice and utterance are in good order. But Nietzsche then goes on to confront the problem that this act of destruction has created. The underlying structure of their argument is as follows: if there is nothing to morality but expressions of will, my morality can only be what my will creates. There can be no place for such fictions as natural rights, utility, the greatest happiness of the greatest number. I myself must now bring into existence ‘new tables of what is good'.”
And that is exactly what Martin Shkreli has done. They have willed into existence their own morality or “table of what is good” – and that seems to be whatever makes them rich.
Again, if there is no objective truth to which we can appeal, all truth is relative and therefore does not exist. There can be no good or evil in such a world. Martin Shkreli is, to the horror of our society, actually acting on the foundational ideas that our culture is now promoting.
The problem is that our society is rooted in the fumes of a Christian-Hellenist ethic that shaped the West for 2,000 years. We want the fruit of that tree, but we chopped the tree down. We must be honest with ourselves that having discarded the tree, we are only left with Nietzsche's will to power. As such, the good fruit we enjoy today will soon rot if we do not rediscover a moral framework other than feelings.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO -- Soon after filing a $15 million dollar lawsuit against two cops and the city, a Chicago man was arrested for murder.
After being questioned by police in the early morning hours of July 4th, 2014, Dominiq Greer ran from police down an alley near 75th and Vincennes.
“I feared for my life 'cuz I see Chicago police do things every day to people,” Greer said during a press conference Wednesday.
A security camera video shows Greer attempting to throw a gun on a roof and then falling. Moments later, their attorney says one of the officers shot them three times. Then when Greer got up, ran, and fell again, attorney Eugene Hollander says officers, “shot them four more times while they were immobile on the ground, bleeding out, striking them again in their right arm, left arm, chest and back.”
At the time, a police union spokesperson said the gun discharged when Greer threw it. The Independent Police Review Authority agreed, and called the shooting justifiable because the officer thought they were being shot at.
Today, Greer filed a federal lawsuit against the two police officers and the city for $15 million. Their attorney says they have permanent injuries and compares their experience to the Laquan Mcdonald shooting. Hollander also alleges that the officers in question specifically took out a police squad knowing that the dash cam video was in operable.
"The police can do whatever they want to do when they kill they are right back on the street doing whatever they can do,” Greer said. “When one black man kills another black man they got to go do time."
As the press conference ended and Dominiq Greer walked outside, they were met by police officers who arrested him. According to a Chicago police spokesperson, Greer is a suspect in the killing of a 22-year-old man in the Washington Park neighborhood on May 27.
A class-action lawsuit against Apple (read it below) accuses the tech giant of double billing customers for downloads made from the company's iTunes Store.
The lawsuit filed by New York resident Robert Herskowitz alleges that Apple charged them twice for purchasing a single pop song, “Whataya Want from Me?”
(Note: if you're going to get double billed for an iTunes download, it should at least be for a decent song or movie.)
Here is what Herskowitz says they did to try and make things right, and Apple's response.
According to the lawsuit, they immediately contacted Apple and informed them about the double-billing snafu. Apple responded with an apparently automated message advising them that the company was “reviewing your request and will send you a personal response soon.”
The next day, Herskowitz received Apple's ‘personal response.' The company refused to make things right by fixing the double billing error, citing its Terms of Service (‘TOS'):
Your request for a refund for “Whataya Want from Me” was carefully considered; however, according to the iTunes Store Terms of Sale, all purchases made on the iTunes Store are ineligible for refund. This policy matches App1e's refund policies and provides protection for copyrighted materials.
Photo credit: D. Silliman
You can follow the case docket here, and read the complaint against Apple seeking class-action status below:
Complaint (Herskowitz v. Apple, Inc.)
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's government is likely to call a presidential election before parliamentary polls, officials said on Monday, rearranging the political timetable in a way that could see army chief General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi elected head of state by April.
A supporter of Egypt's army chief and defense minister General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi holds a poster with Sisi's image during a protest in support of the new constitution at Tahrir Square in Cairo December 20, 2013. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Parliamentary elections were supposed to happen first under the roadmap unveiled after the army deposed Islamist President Mohamed Mursi in July after mass protests against their rule.
But critics have campaigned for a change, saying the country needs an elected leader to direct government at a time of economic and political crisis and to forge a political alliance before a potentially divisive parliamentary election.
Opponents say it risks creating a president with unchecked power. Were that Sisi, who is widely tipped to win the vote, it would restore the army's sway over a post controlled by military men until Mursi was propelled to office last year by the Muslim Brotherhood.
Sisi's Islamist opponents view them as the mastermind of a military coup and a crackdown that has killed hundreds of Mursi's supporters and jailed thousands more.
In further unrest, one person was killed and five others were wounded on Monday in the Mediterranean town of Damietta in clashes between opponents and supporters of Mursi. Such incidents have taken place almost daily since Mursi was removed.
In Cairo, a court sentenced 139 Brotherhood members to two years in jail and a fine of 5,000 Egyptian pounds ($720) each for engaging in violent actions, protesting and rioting.
The Interior Ministry said it arrested 15 pro-Brotherhood female students in Al-Azhar University for Islamic Learning for causing chaos and inciting violence.
The university has been a main stage of violent protests since the start of its fall semester in September. Nine Azhar students have been killed in clashes with the police since then, of whom three died on Friday and Saturday after the government designated the Brotherhood group a terrorist organization.
That announcement came after 16 people were killed in a suicide attack on a police station in the Nile Delta last Tuesday, an attack the Brotherhood condemned and blamed on a radical faction based in the Sinai Peninsula.
SISI YET TO DECLARE PRESIDENTIAL BID
A draft constitution concluded on December 1 opened the way for a change in the order of the elections by leaving open the question of which should come first.
Secular-leaning politicians who want the presidential election before the parliamentary polls lobbied interim head of state Adly Mansour during four recent meetings, according to officials familiar with what was discussed.
“The forces that attended the four meetings agreed, with a large percentage, to have the presidential elections first and that means that most likely the presidential elections will be first,” said one of the officials.
An army official added: “Presidential elections are most likely to be held first, as it seems to be the demand of most parties so far.”
Holding the presidential election first would “accelerate the process of bringing Sisi as head of state”, said Mustapha Kamel Al-Sayid, a professor of political science at Cairo University.
“The people who are pushing for a change are doing so because they would like to have them as head of state.”
Sisi, 59, has yet to announce their candidacy. An army official familiar with their thinking said last week they were still undecided as they weigh up the manifold problems facing a country in deep economic crisis.
But they may have no choice. Their supporters see Sisi as the only man able to restore stability after three years of turmoil.
And analysts say the powerful security apparatus will be putting pressure on them to run as it presses a crackdown on the Brotherhood and combats militant attacks that have spiraled since Mursi's overthrow.
There have been three bombings in the last week, the bloodiest of them an attack on a police station that killed 16 people in the city of Mansoura, north of Cairo. The state blamed the Brotherhood, which condemned the attack. A radical Islamist group, Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, claimed responsibility.
The Brotherhood won five elections after Mubarak's downfall in 2011. It is boycotting the army's political roadmap.
In an interview broadcast late on Sunday, interim Prime Minister Hazem el-Beblawi sidestepped a question on whether the presidential election would be held ahead of the parliamentary vote, saying the focus should be on the forthcoming referendum.
The referendum has been set for January 14-15.
The draft says steps towards holding the first of the elections should be begun no later than 90 days from the ratification of the constitution. Mansour said on Sunday the government was committed to holding both presidential and parliamentary elections within six months of its approval.
The Islamist Nour Party, which came second to the Brotherhood in the last parliamentary elections, had said secular parties wanted to push back the parliamentary election because they were worried about losing to Islamists again.
The Nour, an ultraorthodox Salafi party, supported the removal of Mursi. Sherif Taha, the party spokesperson, said the Nour would not object to holding the presidential election first if that was the result of “consensus”.
Slideshow (2 Images)
They also said the government must offer clear guarantees that the parliamentary election would follow.
In Washington, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel voiced concern about developments in Egypt in a call to Sisi. They stressed the need for political inclusiveness, a Pentagon spokesperson said.
“Secretary Hagel also expressed concerns about the political climate in advance of the constitutional referendum, including the continued enforcement of a restrictive demonstrations law,” they said.($1 = 6.9386 Egyptian pounds)
The other day Vodafone launched a new 4G LTE tablet which retail for £125 in the UK, and now UK mobile carrier EE has launched an even cheaper 4G LTE Tablet that will retail for just £99, it comes with 100MB of free 4G LTE data each month.
EE will be offering the Alcatel One Touch Pop 7S tablet for £99, the device comes with a 7 inch display with a resolution of 1024 x 600 pixels.
Christopher Traggio, Director of Pay As You Go, EE said: “The Christmas sales have come early this year for those shopping for a new Pay As You Go smartphone or tablet. With the most affordable 4G tablet in the UK, plus free data each and every month on the UK's biggest and fastest network, we're helping customers purchase a gift that will keep on giving, long after the festive season is over.”
Other specifications on this new 4G LTE tablet from EE include a quad core 1.2GHz Qualcomm processor, 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage, there is also a microSD card slot for expansion.
The Alcatel One Touch Pop 7S also comes with a 0.3 megapixel front camera and a 3 megapixel rear camera, the device comes with Android 4,3, although an Android 4.4 KitKat update is available for the device as an OTA update.
Source EE, Engadget
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Cloudflare has been a long time supporter of AMP, an open-source markup language 1.5 billion web pages are using to accelerate their mobile web performance. Cloudflare runs Ampersand, the only alternative to Google's AMP cache, and earlier this year we launched Accelerated Mobile Links, a way for sites on Cloudflare to open external links on their site in AMP format, as well as Firebolt, leveraging AMP to speed up ad performance.
One of the biggest challenges developers face in converting their web pages to AMP is testing their AMP pages for valid AMP syntax before deploying. It's not enough to make the templates work at dev time, you also need to validate individual pages before they're published. Imagine, for example, a publishing company where content creators who are unfamiliar with AMP are modifying pages. Because the AMP markup language is so strict, one person adding an interactive element to a page can all of a sudden break the AMP formatting and stop the page from validating.
We wanted to make it as easy as possible to move webpages and sites to AMP so we built an AMP linter API for developers to check that their AMP pages are formatted correctly, even before they are deployed.
To check if a webpage's AMP markup is correct, just send the AMP page to the endpoint https://amp.cloudflare.com/q/ like this:
curl https://amp.cloudflare.com/q/amp.usatoday.com/story/82055560/ { "source": "http://amp.usatoday.com/story/82055560/", "valid": true, "version": "1488238516283" }
The API has options to send just the markup content, or point the linter to the live site. To send a file, add the --data-binary flag:
curl -X POST --data-binary @amp_page.html -H 'Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8' https://amp.cloudflare.com/q/
If you send an AMP page with invalid AMP syntax, the message returned will tell you exactly what breaks your AMP page, and will point you to the specific place in the AMP reference where you can see the implementation guide for the broken element.
curl -X POST --data-binary @invalid_amp.html -H 'Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8' https://amp.cloudflare.com/q/ { "errors": [ { "code": "MANDATORY_TAG_MISSING", "col": 7, "error": "The mandatory tag 'link rel=canonical' is missing or incorrect.", "help": "https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/spec.html#required-markup", "line": 13 } ], "source": "POST", "valid": false, "version": "1485227592804" }
Here's a reference in python, and if you want to send html directly instead of a live webpage, replace line two with r = requests.post("https://amp.cloudflare.com/q', data=html)
import requests u = 'www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/39192025' r = requests.get('https://amp.cloudflare.com/q/' + u) validation = r.json() if validation['valid']: print u, 'is valid' else: print u, 'failed!' for e in validation['errors']: print e
Let us know what you think - you can send us feedback at amp-publisher@cloudflare.com. Whether you embed this tool into your build and continuous integration processes, or into your CMS workflows, we're excited to hear how you use it.
Hey guys,Here is another patron request getting done. You guys know about it already so no introductions necessary. Just to make it clear for everything that this is a modified outfit such that the black netting on the outfit was removed on request and their hairs are also kept original on request so I am sorry if this disappoints someone that they don't exactly look like Kitana because that's not what this request is about.It was a fun mod to do; I hope that you also enjoy using it in your game, until next time.Please take a look at readme.docx or readme.pdf for more information.VIDEO PREVIEW:PS: Sorry for that audio reverb, I was experimenting with an audio application that added that and probably my microphone was also open.Have fun!Consider supporting me on Patreon
Alberta's new provincial budget is entitled, “The Alberta Jobs Plan.”
That's a misnomer.
Spending and borrowing are much, much larger aspects of the budget than anything to do with job creation.
The government will invest just $250 million over the next two years to create new jobs.
But it will spend a total of $51 billion this year and will borrow $10.4 billion.
This is not an austerity budget.
It is a budget that makes no apologies for spending more, borrowing more and taxing more than any budget in the province's history.
As promised, this is not a “slash and burn” document that would slash government services and burn public sector jobs.
However, it does slash a promise to keep a lid on borrowing — and for the first time in two decades will burn through billions of borrowed dollars to pay for the government's day-to-day operations.
The budget should be called The Alberta Record Spending Plan or The Alberta Record Borrowing Plan. Or The Return to Borrowing to Keep the Lights On Plan.
But most of all, considering the fiscal ill winds buffeting a hapless province, the budget should really be called The Kite in a Hurricane Plan.
Hold on tight. It's going to get rough.
The government's Contingency Account — its emergency cash savings — that contained almost $4 billion last year will be exhausted this year.
The government will also run a $10.4-billion deficit this year and $10.1 billion next year and $8.3 billion the year after that — each of them higher than any deficit in Alberta's history.
Alberta's accumulated debt is growing so quickly that the government is scrapping its Fiscal Planning Act passed just last fall that once upon a time capped debt at 15 per cent of the province's GDP.
Now, when it comes to debt for the Alberta government, the sky's the limit.
Finance Minister Joe Ceci is hoping Albertans will understand the challenges he's facing and support what he's trying to.
Revenues from oil and gas, for example, that were $9 billion in the 2014-15 fiscal year have dropped to a measly $1.4 billion this year. It is a catastrophic hit to the provincial treasury.
Ceci argues that while it might not be popular to run up debt, it's better than repeating what Ralph Klein did in the 1990s when they gutted government services and killed government jobs.
“Some say we should turn the clock back and do the same thing today,” said Ceci in their budget address. “But on this side of the legislature we fundamentally disagree.”
In that sense, the budget should be called The Anti-Klein Plan.
And in that sense, it will provide ammunition to opposition parties who would be very happy to turn the clock back.
The NDP is marching determinedly forward.
That brings us to the carbon levy, which is really a carbon tax that, when it kicks in next year, will increase the price of fossil fuels such as gasoline and natural gas.
The idea behind it is noble — to get us to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions either by encouraging us to burn less fuel or by having the government use the money collected by the tax to fund green energy projects.
But, frustratingly, even though the budget provides details on how much money the levy will collect each year ($274 million this year and $1.2 billion next year), it is not clear what impact the scheme will have on our overall emissions.
Government officials suggest the price of natural gas, for example, is so low that the carbon levy of $1 per gigajoule likely won't lower consumption by much.
Related
And when you consider that 60 per cent of lower-income Albertans will receive rebates to compensate for the tax, the new program begins to look more like a wealth redistribution plan rather than an emissions reduction plan.
Again, more ammunition for the opposition.
But the government doesn't seem to mind.
This is Alberta's first true NDP budget — and as such it promises to be one of the most ambitious, determined, controversial and divisive in the province's history.
gthomson@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Graham_Journal
A California man who spent over 30 years behind bars for a murder they didn't commit has finally been set free.
Andrew Leander Wilson had maintained their innocence since their arrest in the 1984 murder of 21-year-old Christopher Hanson, who was stabbed to death in a late night attack in Los Angeles.
Watch: Man Who Served 27 Years in Prison for Rape and Murder Was Framed by Police
With the help of the Loyola Law School Project for the Innocent, those decades of tenacity paid off Wednesday when a judge ordered the 62-year-old's release.
The decision came after Deputy District Attorney Erika Jerez said in a Superior Court ruling that there were errors in the case against Wilson.
Judge Laura Priver expressed their gratitude to the DA's office and Wilson then reportedly thanked the judge.
“You are welcome, Mr. Wilson," the judge replied.
The following day, when they were reunited with their family members as a free man outside the downtown Los Angeles jail, Wilson said they felt no bitterness.
Wilson hugged and kissed members of their family as news crews clamored to capture the emotional moment.
"Those are my sisters right there," they said. "I've got a lot of sisters and brothers."
Cameras continued to roll as Wilson walked away, smiling while arm-in-arm with their family members.
Wilson plans to travel to St. Louis to spend time with their 96-year-old mother, Margie Davis, according to The Associated Press.
Davis spent decades working to right what they knew was their son's wrongful conviction.
Read: Exclusive: Although Court Says Woman Was Wrongfully Convicted of Killing Son, Them Ex Believes 'She Killed Him'
"I wrote letters to the governor, to the police, to the Justice Department. I wrote to everybody over 30 years,” they told the wire service. “The system we're living in, you never know what's going to happen. But I never gave up."
The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office has said it will not re-try Wilson.
Watch: Man Wrongfully Imprisoned for 31 Years Gets Just $75 for Their Trouble
Labor PM Bob Hawke laud's tycoon Alan Bond's victory in the 1983 America's Cup.
No Pain, No Gain? Sport and Australian Culture
By Dr Jim McKay
Prentice Hall, 1991. 189 pages.
Review by Phil Shannon
Sport tells lies. According to Jim McKay, sport is a social prop to the domination of capitalist ideas and values. Fundamental to the maintenance of this dominance are the mass media, which ``selectively articulate capitalist rationality, masculine hegemony, Eurocentric racism, militaristic nationalism and liberal values'' -- a toxic mix of ideological viruses.
One particularly insidious liberal value, reiterated in sport and symbolically reinforced in sporting metaphors about politics and economics, is that ``talent will prevail over privilege'' (as a melbourne Age editorial put it concerning Western Australian tycoon Alan Bond's 1983 America's Cup victory). In a capitalist society, according to this logic, ``freedom'' allows anyone, whether black, female or working class, to rise above their environment through personal effort. In this self-raising flour theory of society, those who don't succeed in life have only themselves to blame for not trying hard enough.
Upward social mobility through sport, says McKay, does of course occur, but the successes are ``individual exceptions to Australia's class structure''. The mass media's presentation of these upwardly mobile individuals is a process of ``the extraordinary being transformed into the normal''. The media chorus also remains mute on the short-term career of sports stars, whose success is often prematurely limited by injury, as the sports ladder of opportunity turns into a snake, tumbling today's heroes down to the social ruck from whence they came.
There are other lies and evasions promulgated by sport. Women's sport, for example, is marginalised or discredited in the media, aiding the marginalisation of women in other areas of life. If a woman is successful in sport, their woman-ness, not their athleticism, is stressed. Successful sportswomen are portrayed as sexual ``objects of the male gaze in sport'', and ``feminine'' (i.e., decorative, passive and maternal at heart).
`Consensus'
There is a subtle racism involved in ascribing the success of Aborigines in boxing, US blacks in sprinting or the West Indians in cricket to ``natural ability''. There is also media silence on the poor, and mostly illusory, compensation that sport offers in the face of the political and economic inequality which underlies racial inequality.
On the ideological class battlefield, sport is used to promote a mythical cross-class togetherness. The master illusionist of consensus, Labor prime minister Bob Hawke, preached and practiced the old strategy of ``sport and war bringing Australians together''.
During Bond's America's Cup win, Hawke's patriotic drivellings attempted ``to make sectional interests the concerns of everyone'' as if, writes McKay with some sarcasm, ``Aborigines, women and the four million Australians living off welfare benefits'' should barrack for the greedy hucksters and profiteers of Australian capitalism.
These examples of the enmeshing of sport and ideology are testimony to the success of capitalism in invading the sports field. This process started when large-scale industrialisation and urbanisation of rural societies like Australia brought with it some leisure time (otherwise factory workers would have dropped dead where they stood).
Leisure was threatening to the capitalists because it contained ``elements that undermined the efficient and productive values of capitalist hegemony''. Subversive elements such as ``spontaneity, intrinsic rewards'', a non-competitive and non-acquisitive orientation and `` freedom'' might sour workers' attitude to their lot in life and (quel horreur!) foster dissent.
Commodification of leisure
By gradually turning sport into a market, capitalism has held off this threat, with sport becoming ``incorporated into the commercial and competitive logic of capitalism'' and goals such as ``efficiency, productivity, performance and winning'' becoming dominant. Sport, ``once a pastime and mode of conviviality and communal identification'', says McKay, ``has become a serious profession and part of big business''.
That our current ``commonsense'' notions about sport rest on the importance of winning, conquest and the social Darwinism of ``success in society going to tough, masculine competition in a fairly run race'' is a triumph of capitalist cultural hegemony. Demystifying and debunking sport, analysing its political and social context, are elementary for socialists, says McKay. But they are exasperated that, when they try to encourage a ``reflective or critical'' attitude to sport in their phys. ed. students, this mostly precipitates ``incredulity, discomfort and outright hostility''.
For McKay, this reaction increases the importance of ``cultural politics'', the linking of ``the personal with the political through a critique of everyday life''. They believe that socialists cannot afford to ``restrict politics to purely economic issues'' because to do so is to abandon sport as a key symbol to the Right and thus hamper the socialist political struggle.
Gramscian?
McKay's position is based on the Gramscian tradition of a ``war of position'' -- holding the line for progressive ideas. An important strategy, but McKay's dismissal of revolutionary politics (or as they condescendingly put it -- ``proletarian Samsons breaking their chains in revolutionary effort'') is actually not very Gramscian at all. Gramsci was a barricade revolutionary as much as a ``Western Marxist'', with flexible strategies for coping in a reformist liberal democracy.
If the ``realistic revolutionaries'' (of the ``Gramscian'' kind) don't say much on the politics of class struggle, it's because they haven't that much to offer. Cultural politics can, for them, be a refuge. On the other hand, for revolutionaries to dismiss sport as ``bread and circuses for the masses'' is, as McKay says, understandable but unwarranted. It is also rarely the case anyhow, apart from some Althusserians and Frankfurt-schoolers.
Although McKay spends most of their book panning sport, they do argue a positive case for freeing the ``aesthetic, sensuous and democratic elements'' of sport from its capitalist warders as ``a small but important part of a larger pluralist socialist project of democratising culture and expanding human freedom''.
Footy without the sexism, violence and commercial hoopla. It'll take a socialist revolution (and then some) to realise it, but then fun and games will really be fun and games.
[This article first appeared in Australia's leading socialist newspaper, Green Left Weekly, issue 34 (1991).]
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
“B Is For Big Glory” is an even better pilot than the A To Z pilot. It's funnier, more romantic, and sometimes both, as in the running gag about Dinesh getting a tattoo of Lora's social security number in binary. As usual for second episodes, this one hits all the same beats as the pilot: app-stalking, the second-act separation, a romance ritual. In this case, it's that Andrew had agreed to a date before they met Zelda, which brings up a lot of questions. Do they go on the date? Why or why not? Is it fair or unfair to Zelda? Is it fair to their date, Brooke in marketing? It's too early to go exclusive with Zelda, right? But then again, why? What's most impressive is A To Z genuinely considers all of this. It lets Andrew off the hook easy—Brooke was just using them to make them ex jealous anyway—but it never feels as compartmentalized as Barney Stinson's Bro Code vs. Ted Mosby's beau ode.
Advertisement
The scene where Andrew tells Zelda that he's going on a date is just one thing after another. Ben Feldman and Christin Milioti (and Lenora Crichlow) just find all these little recognizable moments of humanity. Zelda answers, “Hi, Andy,” and immediately hates themselves for it. Stephie cringes too. Then when they get the hint—Andrew says they have something to tell her, and she's totally game so far, and then they tell them they were talking to this girl, Brooke, and they can finish the rest of the sentence already—she puts on this perfect forced smile, not too happy, not too angry, just Goldilocks. Then they get robotic, they cut them off, they poke the window hard enough to make a point. Don't worry, they have a date, too. They just has to figure out with whom.
While we are all justified in reacting to Andrew smothering us with a giant heart pillow in whatever ways we choose, Zelda's the one really playing games in “B Is For Big Glory.” And where the writers work through their trespasses pretty well, Zelda's let off the hook because Vanity Rep Mike (who does exercises before meetings so their muscles will bulge) is dumb. Okay, maybe they really has a thing for him. At the very least, they notarized some documents for him, the sign of a successful date if you ask me. But it's worth noting that the episode explicitly brings up the fact that going out with someone you're not actually into is selfish.
Maybe it was the chair he's confined to for most of the episode, but Stu is getting tolerable. But about that chair. If this were How I Met Your Mother, I could see Marshall hopping in their office chair to amuse Ted. If this were Happy Endings, I could see Max doing it just to annoy everyone. But Stu doesn't have that motivation. Their motivation is “obnoxious sitcom sidekick.” They don't quite fit into the same universe of recognizable humanity and lifelike expressions that Andrew and Zelda are throwing out every other scene. At least not yet.
Advertisement
But I meant it when I said Stu is much more tolerable this week. It helps that they have some good dating advice, implying the existence of an actual brain inside all the tropes. They tell Andrew the fable of the double tap. When Nancy tapped them once on the new Wallflower hookup app, they were considering a date, but when they did it again, they were completely turned off. The moral of the story is something Andrew needs to hear: Neediness can be unappealing, especially that early in a relationship.
It sounds like a rule, like a tenet of A To Z's romantic philosophy, but it's not. Charmingly enough, A To Z is more complicated than that. The advice certainly passes the common sense test, but then Stu goes home and taps Nancy 25 times. So much for their double tap turning them off. If you were wondering how you calibrate romantic craziness on a show where telling someone you just met that they triggered your life-altering mental music is cool, it's tapping yes on a hookup app 25 times. Now Nancy's the one who's keeping them distance. So in that respect, Stu's advice is both solid and admittedly hard to follow. How generous of A To Z.
But “B Is For Big Glory” takes it even further. After all the other dates are over and talked about, Andrew tells Zelda that they hear special music in their head when something “life-altering” happens. “I've been walking around with music in my head since the moment we met.” Yikes. They grin and bears it, but then they realize that they really likes Andrew, and not in spite of those gestures.
Advertisement
“What you said earlier, please keep saying things like that.” There are a few ways to take that. First of all, it's the second episode in a row where Zelda realizes she's behaving badly for being the rational one in their relationship. Then again, they apparently don't have a problem with Andrew's destiny talk, so maybe she's just afraid to admit it. That has to do with the second part: Andrew and Zelda are an exception to the rule. They like each other that much. They're always thinking about each other. Isn't it better not to play games and be honest about your feelings? Which brings me to the third way to take Zelda's request for more sweet nothings. Is this just a sign of infatuation?
From the looks of things, A To Z really is just that romantic, from the so-cute-I-want-to-vomit office set from Them to the couples (and triads) chatting each other up all over the place. But if “B Is For Big Glory” has shown us anything, it's that A To Z is complicated.
Stray observations:
Seriously, the design of this show is so delicate it's almost too cute. The carefully dispensed drops of color on the soft neutral palette, the crafty title sequence with a beautiful fireworks title card (and glory be for another show with on-screen episode titles). And then it has moments where it puts all that sophisticated art direction in service of the most harrowing kidnapping in network TV history, young Zelda putting their hands up on the car windows as their parents ferry them to the next town all of a sudden.
O RLY : After spending all night making out on the fountain (this show is full of things that are so sweet they're excruciating), Zelda tells Stephie, “Everything is different with Andrew… There are no games.” O RLY?
: After spending all night making out on the fountain (this show is full of things that are so sweet they're excruciating), Zelda tells Stephie, “Everything is different with Andrew… There are no games.” O RLY? Zeldrew: “It's our celebrity supercouple name,” says Andrew. Surely we can do them one better. My nominee: Alda.
Stu: “Her legs are gonna close up tighter than that locked drawer you have in your dresser, and what do you even have in there?” Andrew with a delivery smack-dab between sitcom and reality: “My passport, and stay out of my room.”
Stephie digs up info on Brooke online: “She was a finalist in The New Yorker caption contest. Basically she's a whore.”
HR guy Howard is sweet on Lydia, but he's also concerned about making the employees beta test the app. Lydia has a deal for him: “$20 says this test will be a success.” “Okay, that's a five.” “I'm good for the rest.” Lydia is well on their way to being my favorite. “I'm a powerful, attractive woman whose ass cashes the checks their mouth writes.”
App Of The Week : Waze! Andrew is such a gentleman they keep Waze open on their leg during their date so they can track Zelda's car. The app stalking (and bathroom stalking) plot is pretty funny. Stu gets to riff on Vanity Rep's Mike giant penis: “He should have a nickname for it, like Tutankhamun The Boy King.” And Milioti has a great delivery when Stephie calls them with more info on Andrew and Brooke: “I don't need to app-stalk him….But, you know, keep me updated.”
: Waze! Andrew is such a gentleman they keep Waze open on their leg during their date so they can track Zelda's car. The app stalking (and bathroom stalking) plot is pretty funny. Stu gets to riff on Vanity Rep's Mike giant penis: “He should have a nickname for it, like Tutankhamun The Boy King.” And Milioti has a great delivery when Stephie calls them with more info on Andrew and Brooke: “I don't need to app-stalk him….But, you know, keep me updated.” Way to be inclusive with the background couples!
The way all the employees take to the dating app so quickly put me in mind of Better Off Ted. Lydia's just as aloof as Veronica, but more in touch with their emotions. Long story short, watch Better Off Ted.
"There has been an explosion in the number of people commuting by bike [in London]," complains a taxi union. "Astonishingly, 30% of road traffic traversing Bank Junction are now cyclists," adds the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers.
The RMT is complaining about Transport for London's planned closure of the junction to all but buses and bicycles. The union claims that people are turning to cycling not because it's fast, cheap, pollution-busting, healthy and fast (did we say fast already?) but because the "Tube [is] dangerously overcrowded during peak hours."
The RMT frets that "people are turning out of desperation to commuting by bicycle", a mode of transport that's booming "despite its impracticality."
To protest against the closure of Bank Junction a cab blockade last night closed Bank Junction.
Monday was a dark day for migrants in the Mediterranean. As the search continued for survivors of the weekend's capsizing off the coast of Libya - from which 800 have been confirmed dead - three separate vessels got into trouble.
Coast guard boats spent the day criss-crossing the sea responding to two boats off the coast of Libya, with hundreds aboard each, and a third that had run aground off the island of Rhodes.
See also: The Deadly Mediterranean Crossing That Migrants Risk Every Day
Amid what Italian Premier Matteo Renzi called an "escalation in these death voyages" two arrests have been made. The Tunisian captain and a member of the crew from the boat that capsized Sunday have been charged with favouring illegal immigration, and the captain also faces the charge of reckless multiple homicide.
They were arrested aboard the rescue boat that brought 27 survivors from the shipwreck to Sicily, the Associated Press reports.
Their human cargo, according to Carlotta Sami, of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Italy, included Syrians, Eritreans and Somalians, a number of which were children aged between 10 and 12.
A survivor of the boat that overturned off the coast of Libya Saturda, disembarks from Italian Coast Guard ship Bruno Gregoretti, at Catania Harbor, Italy. Image: Alessandra Tarantino/Associated Press
Details of the disaster are beginning to emerge, and Italian prosecutors say that hundreds of migrants were locked below deck unable to escape when the rickety boat capsized off the coast of Libya.
Speaking at a news conference in Catania, Sicily, prosecutor Giovanni Salvi said "a few hundred were forced into the hold and they were locked in and prevented from coming out." They said hundreds more were locked on a second level of the boat, which also had hundreds of migrants squeezed into its upper deck.
The sheer scale of this week's events, with as many as 1,300 deaths in the past week alone, have seen onlookers rush to contextualise the numbers and have prompted what many see as overdue action from the EU.
Equivalent of 5 passenger planes full of people have drowned last week alone http://t.co/VFSGx6XFAe #DontLetThemDrown pic.twitter.com/bEIE2mpJIh — Amnesty UK (@AmnestyUK) April 20, 2015
Joseph Muscat, the Maltese prime minister, called the latest tragedy "a game-changer," and said that "if Europe doesn't work together, history will judge it very badly."
The European Union foreign affairs chief, Federica Mogherini, said this weekend's appalling human toll — which, if verified, would be the deadliest migrant tragedy ever — had "finally" fully awakened the European Union to the evils of human trafficking.
They said that a 10-point package to deal with the crisis that was set out during talks in Luxembourg Monday was a "strong reaction from the EU to the tragedies" and "shows a new sense of urgency and political will."
"We are developing a truly European sense of solidarity in fighting human trafficking - finally so."
The global response
EU interior and foreign ministers decided Monday to launch military operations against the networks of smugglers in Libya, boost maritime patrols in the Med and broaden the search-and-rescue effort. Frontex, which runs the EU's Mediterranean rescue service Triton, will receive more money and its operational area will increase.
Their 10-point plan includes a proposal to take "civil-military" action modelled on Europe's anti-piracy operation off the coast of Somalia, to capture and destroy boats used by traffickers.
The ministers also agreed to work with Libya's neighbours, including Egypt, Tunisia and Niger, to close down migratory routes. A summit in Brussels on Thursday will see them hammer out the details.
The UK's former Liberal Democrat leader Paddy Ashdown has suggested the possibility of using of armed force to destroy boats before they leave Libya.
Australia's prime minister Tony Abbott, meanwhile, called the crisis a "terrible tragedy” and urged European leaders to operate a policy of turning away migrant boats, a tough border control stance currently in existence in Australia.
“The only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the people smuggling trade," they said. "The only way you can stop the deaths is, in fact, to stop the boats."
Cracking down on the human traffickers
Italian Premier Matteo Renzi urged Europe to put the focus on preventing more boats from leaving Libya, the source of 90% of migrant traffic to Italy.
"We are facing an organized criminal activity that is making lots of money, but above all ruining many lives," they said at a joint news conference with Malta's prime minister, Joseph Muscat. They compared their activity to that of slave traders of centuries past, "unscrupulous men who traded human lives."
Renzi said that recent events had proven that providing rescue wasn't always possible, given the conditions of the smugglers' boats and the delicacy of such operations, and that the focus needs to be on preventing the boats from leaving Libya. "Continuing to think that allowing them to depart and then chasing after them means putting at risk human lives," they said.
Italian Premier Matteo Renzi, right, and Maltese Premier Joseph Muscat, hold a joint press conference after a meeting in Rome, Italy, 20 April 2015. Image: Maurizio Brambatti/ANSA via AP/Associated Press
Renzi said the instability in Libya was giving free reign to the traffickers, as evidenced by the escalating migrant flows, but they ruled out sending ground troops to Libya or a naval blockade of migrants, saying that would only provide a corridor for them.
Libya is a transit point for migrants fleeing conflict, repression and poverty in countries such as Eritrea, Niger, Syria, Iraq and Somalia, with increased instability there and improving weather prompting more people to attempt the dangerous crossing.
Fighting in Libya has escalated to its worst levels since the 2011 civil war that ended with the overthrow and killing of longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi.
Malta and Italy are closest to the Libyan coast and have received the brunt of a migrant tide that carried 219,000 people from Africa to Europe last year. Some 3,500 died or went missing along the way, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said in a statement Sunday.
The Associated Press contributed reporting.
A man in a wheelchair was struck by a car in a hit and run on University Avenue Saturday morning. The suspect in the felony incident is still at large, according to police.
Police received a call at 4:35 a.m. on June 1 from a witness who said that a hit and run had taken place in the 1300 block of University Avenue, according to a police press release.
When officers arrived on scene, a man described as a Palo Alto resident in their fifties was lying in the grass near the sidewalk. Their broken wheelchair and personal belongings were "strewn about the area," the press release stated.
They were taken to a local hospital, and as of Wednesday morning, their injuries were not life-threatening.
The man had been traveling westbound on University Avenue near the shoulder of the road. The car, heading in the same direction on University, struck them from behind. A witness reported that the suspect driving the car immediately fled the scene at a "high rate of speed" and continued westbound down University.
The fleeing vehicle was a white Toyota Yaris between the model years of 2007 and 2011 and the driver was male. The front passenger side corner of the car will be damaged.
Police are asking for the public's assistance in locating the suspect and/or suspect vehicle. Anyone with information about the collision is asked to call the Palo Alto police department's 24-hour dispatch center at 650-329-2413. Anonymous tips can be e-mailed to paloalto@tipnow.org or sent via text message or voice mail to 650-383-8984.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: Crowds continue to fill Cairo's Tahrir Square to protest the outcome of the trial of ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and other former regime officials. On Saturday, an Egyptian court sentenced Mubarak and their former interior minister, Habib el-Adly, to life in prison for failing to stop the killing of unarmed demonstrators during last year's protests that ended Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. However, the court dismissed corruption charges against Mubarak and their sons, Alaa and Gamal, on technical grounds. The court also acquitted six former police chiefs of their roles during the uprising last year when 840 protesters were killed and more than 6,000 injured. No one was found guilty of actually ordering the killing of protesters.
The verdicts sparked protests across Egypt, with several thousand angry demonstrators gathering in Cairo's Tahrir Square as well as Alexandria, Suez and other cities Saturday. One protester, Ahmed Metwaly, explained why they were unsatisfied with the trials' outcome.
AHMED METWALY: [translated] We were not expecting the verdicts that were announced yesterday, for the six interior minister's aides to be acquitted and the sons of Mubarak also acquitted. Then who committed these crimes against the people? Who killed the revolutionaries? Did we kill them? Did we kill ourselves? Who squandered the country's resources? Did we do that?
AMY GOODMAN: Demonstrators say they were also concerned Mubarak's conviction will likely be reversed on appeal. Many protesters also were frustrated by the presidential elections, which will see Mubarak's last prime minister, Ahmed Shafik, in a runoff against Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood.
For more, we go now to Cairo to speak with Heba Morayef, who closely monitored the Mubarark trial. She's Middle East and North Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch.
Heba, welcome to Democracy Now! First, your reaction to the verdict?
HEBA MORAYEF: Well, we didn't really have very high expectations for this trial because we had seen, from the beginning, the quality of the investigation conducted by the prosecutors, the kind of witnesses that they summoned and the quality of the evidence they presented. But I still think that this outcome was shocking, and shocking for two reasons, even for those of us within the human rights community who were closely following the trial. The inconsistency in applying the failure to prevent violence standard—the judge sentenced Mubarak and Adly, their former minister of interior, on the grounds that they knew of the violence and they failed to prevent it, but they didn't apply the same standard to the four Ministry of Interior assistant ministers—Ahmed Ramzy, the head of the riot police, the one in fact ordering the deployment; Hassan Abdel Rahman, the head of Egypt's secret police, the security investigations. So, that was a shocking thing—the acquittal of the four Ministry of Interior chiefs and, of course, the fact that despite the evidence presented before the judge, there wasn't in the end a finding that anybody was responsible. And it's important to remember, this trial looks at the killing of protesters in Tahrir Square and in the other squares around Egypt. There are separate sets of police trials that are looking only at the killings that took place in front of police stations. So, in fact, nobody has been held responsible, apart from Adly and Mubarak, for the killing of hundreds of protesters in the square.
AMY GOODMAN: Talk about the minister of interior, Habib el-Adly.
HEBA MORAYEF: So, Habib el-Adly presided over the Ministry of Interior and, I think, best represents what Mubarak's police state was all about. They were the one signing thousands of administrative detention orders under Egypt's emergency law. They presided over the Ministry of Interior, which used torture systematically, systematically against political detainees but also as part of regular criminal investigations. And enforced disappearance, which is an international crime, was also taking place while Habib el-Adly was minister of interior. So, known for using all of these abusive practices.
And then the protests of January came around, and instead of just using the same kind of excessive force that we were used to at protests under Mubarak, which we'd regularly monitor, there was an escalation. And the riot police started using live ammunition against protesters on that day. And so, I think it's absolutely right that Adly is the—ultimately, the one responsible for the way the Ministry of Interior behaved on those six days, which this trial is looking at. It's looking at January 25th to January 31st. But in an equal measure, the other Ministry of Interior officials were also decision makers. These were the policy—the officials who were responsible for the policies of the Ministry of Interior. And at the same time, there hasn't been any accountability at the police officer level for the people who actually shot protesters on those days.
AMY GOODMAN: Why the limited scope of when the killings took place? Why were they only tried 'til—for the end of, what was it, January?
HEBA MORAYEF: I'm sorry, Amy. I didn't catch that.
AMY GOODMAN: The scope of when the killings took place, what these men were tried for, was a limited period of time.
HEBA MORAYEF: Yes, and I think that's really important to remember, because this was also a decision that the prosecution took. Important to remember that the public prosecutor was a Mubarak appointee and has remained in place throughout this entire period. So the default setting under Mubarak was that the police would get away with torture, would get away with enforced disappearance, would get away with beating up protesters again and again, and there would never be real prosecutions. And this is why, when the protests actually happened, one of the first demands of the 18 days in Tahrir and in other squares around Egypt was for accountability, for justice, for a trial, for a break with the past.
And yet, the prosecutors only looked at those six days of Mubarak's rule. There was no intent to have a broader process of transitional justice that would look at the use of torture as a tool, that would look at the death in custody cases. The reason Khaled Saeed, the torture case from June 2010, became so iconic, and their picture was everywhere in the square, was specifically because they represented the kind of police abuse that was one of the main—the main things that fueled the anger during the protests. So Egypt hasn't had a process of transitional justice.
And, in fact, the Ministry of Interior continues to behave pretty much as it did under Mubarak. Last November, 45 protesters were killed in Tahrir. In June, we saw excessive use of force and people losing their eyes, because the riot police were shooting rubber pellets at protesters' heads instead of shooting them at their feet. We've seen the same practices continue. We've seen torture continue.
And I think this is the real opportunity cost in the sense of this trial. It was a missed opportunity for both civil society and the protest movement to push for real torture prosecutions, for the prosecution to attempt to choose—you know, you don't have to prosecute every police officer, but you can choose some of the leaders, and in particular Hassan Abdel Rahman, who was the person ordering torture of political detainees. This could have been a trial to break with the abusive practices of the past. And instead, I think—and this is the reason why people are so angry—it's reaffirmed that the system is still very much in place, and the Ministry of Interior can still protect itself.
AMY GOODMAN: Following Saturday's verdict, presidential hopeful Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood promised to put Mubarak on trial again.
MOHAMED MORSI: [translated] I will immediately put in place a team made up from the criminal investigations department and from the prosecutor's office and from experts at the highest level to put forward evidence for the accusations and real proof against those who killed the revolutionaries and against those who corrupted the state and against those who ruined the country and those who smuggled the country's wealth for decades out of Egypt.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood, who's running for president. Your response, Heba?
HEBA MORAYEF: Well, I think the Muslim Brotherhood realizes at this point that it has very little credibility with the protest movement. On many occasions, for strategic choices on their part, they refused to join certain protests, and in the early months, they refused to condemn the excessive use of force by the Ministry of Interior and definitely refused to condemn any violations on the part of the military. And this is why there's been so much growing distrust of the Brotherhood by revolutionary activists.
But at this point, I think the response of the Muslim Brotherhood—as early as the afternoon, a few hours after the verdict, they had already started calling for protests in Alexandria's main square, in Tahrir, and in other cities around Egypt. I think that response is an indication that they realize they can't quite win against Shafik without getting more support from revolutionaries and that they can, in a sense, use the kind of anger that exists right now against the trial, against Mubarak, against the previous regime, and try and channel that to campaign against Shafik. The question, I think, that remains unanswered is to what extent the Brotherhood feels it needs the votes of revolutionary activists, because if it feels that it can't—that Morsi can't win on their own just based on the Islamist votes, then we might see some serious concessions being offered in the next days. But if these protests are really just part of elections campaigning, then it may just be business as usual, and you may see most revolutionary activists choosing to boycott the next round of elections.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to turn to Egyptian presidential candidate Ahmed Shafik, whom Morsi is running against, who served as Mubarak's final prime minister. He's vowed not to take the country back to pre-revolution politics.
AHMED SHAFIK: [translated] The Muslim Brotherhood says that I will reproduce the previous regime. But I say to whoever claims this that you do not know Egypt, and you are unaware of the amount of change that took place in Egypt since the 25th of January.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Ahmed Shafik. Heba, your response?
HEBA MORAYEF: Well, I think Ahmed Shafik is also right now trying to pitch to different constituencies. And we've seen them attack the Brotherhood very, very enthusiastically over the last few days. We've seen them try to distance themselves from Hosni Mubarak very early on. But ultimately, their main pitch has been the language of stability: “I will bring back the kind of security that you enjoyed. I will bring back the economic progress we had before.” And people are voting for them because of that. They have also been strongly campaigning against the Muslim Brotherhood and really blatant fear mongering about the Brotherhood, and has, over the last few days, also pitched themselves to the more secular and more liberal constituencies in Egypt, talking about the position of women and trying to present themselves in that light.
I think the reason that, for some revolutionary activists, we're hearing calls for boycotts—and it's impossible to tell at this point how significant that boycott could be—is because Shafik is still unacceptable because of who they are. They were prime minister when thugs, armed thugs on horses and camels, went into that square and beat up protesters. They were prime minister when a lot of the documents of state security investigations, but also other documents to do with corruption, were destroyed and mysteriously disappeared. So people see them as somebody who really tried to protect Mubarak up until the last moment in the Mubarak regime. And I think they can't really reinvent themselves or gain new credibility with those revolutionary forces.
But they can speak to the people who are very worried about the security situation, who are very worried about the economic situation, and who fear the Brotherhood because of all they represent. And also, the Brotherhood obviously hasn't helped by running especially in the first round, pitching itself in the light of the more conservative Islamist party, to distance themselves from Aboul Fotouh's campaign at the time, so they were also pitching to the Salafi vote and came up with a number of very conservative statements with regards to the application of sharia.
AMY GOODMAN: Finally, Heba, the sons, Gamal—
HEBA MORAYEF: But I think, you know, unfortunately, this runoff is going—
AMY GOODMAN: The sons, Gamal and Alaa, who were acquitted—and in fact no one was charged with corruption—could they be retried? And the significance of that, that no one was convicted of corruption?
HEBA MORAYEF: Well, I think it's shocking to see the quality of the evidence on which the prosecution based its referral to trial of Gamal and Alaa Mubarak, because any first-year law student knows what a statute of limitations is. And I think that's another of the reasons why there is a lot of anger about the verdict. I mean, Gamal and Alaa will remain in prison—in preventative detention, rather, because there is a new set—there's a new investigation that is against them that just started a few days before the trial, again giving people the impression that—that people realized that there would be an acquittal for them on these charges. There hasn't been a serious corruption investigation, basically, or of the involvement of Alaa Mubarak in the NDP's politics, in how the forged elections were run under the NDP, a lot of the policy decisions that the NDP policies committee was involved in. This hasn't been investigated yet. And I think part of it is a question of capacity, but more importantly, it's a question of political will on the part of the prosecution. Until the prosecution really starts digging into the Ministry of Interior's records, into the corruption records, we won't see the kind of accountability that Egypt needs to be able to move on.
AMY GOODMAN: Heba Morayef, I want to thank you very much for being with us, Middle East and North Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch, speaking to us from Cairo, Egypt. This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. Back in a minute.
In Louisiana, Governor Bobby Jindal opened an investigation into Planned Parenthood after videos surfaced showing their top executives haggling over the price of aborted babies' body parts. However, Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast (PPGC) responded immediately and sent a letter to the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals (DHH) claiming that they are not involved in organ harvesting at any of their facilities.
Additionally, the organization's president, Melaney Linton, thoroughly explained the distinction between Planned Parenthood Center for Choice Inc. (PPCFC) and PPGC. They said PPCFC provides “safe, legal abortion services in the Houston area,” and they plan on seeking a license to perform abortions at their new location on Claiborne Avenue in New Orleans. In contrast, Linton said that PPGC does not perform abortions.
Now we know for sure that Linton's comments were false. The video released today by the Center of Medical Progress shows the Director of Research for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast, Melissa Farrell, bragging about the Texas branch's long history with fetal tissue sales and their ability to deliver fully intact aborted babies.
Keep up with the latest pro-life news and information on Twitter. Follow @LifeNewsHQ
They were asked specifically if PPGC changes procedures in order to obtain salable organs. Farrell replied, “Some of our doctors in the past have projects and they're collecting the specimens, so they do it in a way that they get the best specimens, so I know it can happen.” Later they add, “If we alter our process, and we are able to obtain intact fetal cadavers, we can make it part of the budget that any dissections are this, and splitting the specimens into different shipments is this. It's all just a matter of line items.”
In another portion of PPGC's letter to the Department of Health and Hospitals Linton responds to a Q&A about organ harvesting.
Here's the relevant portion of that section:
Question: Do any Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast facilities, or any affiliates, subsidiaries or associates thereof, sell or donate any unborn baby organs or body parts?
Answer: No.
Question: Do any Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast facilities, or any affiliates, subsidiaries or associates thereof, contract with companies that assist Planned Parenthood with disposing of, donating, or selling of unborn baby organs or body parts? If so, please describe exactly what these companies do with the unborn baby remains.
Answer: Yes, PPCFC contracts with a company to dispose of its Special Waste from Health Care-Related Facilities, which includes Pathological Waste from PPCFC. …
Question: How many clinics operated by Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast, or any affiliates, subsidiaries or associates thereof, do business with StemExpress, or any other organizations in the business of selling or donating the remains of unborn babies?
Answer: None.
SIGN THE PETITION! Congress Must Investigate Planned Parenthood for Selling Aborted Baby Parts
This Q&A makes it obvious that Linton was lying about PPGC's participation in organ harvesting. In the video, Farrell said that their fetal organ transfers are a “revenue stream” for PPGC. In fact, they explain that their department contributes to their organizations “bottom line.” When researchers need a specific part from the aborted baby, Farrell says, “We bake that into our contract, and our protocol, that we follow this, so we deviate from our standard in order to do that.”
Declining oil prices are driving employment lower across all construction sectors in Alberta with a projected loss of 31,000 jobs over the next four years, BuildForce Canada warned Monday in the release of its 2016-2025 forecast.
It said oilsands job losses, an aging workforce, the departure of out-of-province workers and the ongoing demand for workers to sustain and maintain projects are all trends to worry about in the future.
Rosemary Sparks, executive director of BuildForce Canada, said Alberta was on an upward trajectory for more than a decade, but has now hit a point where low oil prices and the impending completion of some major projects are causing a slowdown in employment requirements for new construction.
“We don't see things starting to turn around until 2020,” they said.
Looking forward, a skills vacuum is a real risk with the exodus of thousands of interprovincial workers in the energy industry. That will combine with a loss of as many as 36,000 skilled workers who will retire in this decade.
Sparks said about 18 per cent of Alberta construction workers could potentially leave the workforce through retirement.
“That's a loss of significant experience and skills,” they said.
“Alberta has been through construction cycles before, but nothing this complex,” said Sparks. “That's why it's crucial for industry to stay focused on recruiting young people and attracting and keeping those skilled trades that are, or will be in the most demand.”
The report said that even as Alberta's economy weakens there is work in sustaining capital, maintenance, shutdowns/turnarounds and outages for skilled trades such as boilermakers, pipefitters and specialty welders.
It said oilsands construction labour requirements will decline by 28 per cent from the peak in 2014 to 2020 but a gradual increase in oil prices will restore confidence with new investment resulting in gains of 4,000 jobs from 2020 to 2025, primarily in sustaining capital and maintenance.
BuildForce said investment and employment in non-residential construction will mirror the oilsands cycle, with job losses of 16,500 by 2019 compared to the 2014 peak.
“As markets improve after 2020, employment rises by 12,000 by the end of the scenario period in 2025. Low oil prices that prompted a decline in engineering, institutional and industrial construction in 2015 carry through to 2019. Commercial building is the exception, with current project activity continuing into 2016, before slowing in 2017, and growing in steady increments over the long term,” said the report.
It said total residential construction will fall by 9,000 jobs from 2016 to 2019, followed by a partial recovery that raises employment by 7,000 jobs to 2025.
mtoneguzzi@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/MTone123
Blackwater Festival Taps Slightly Stoopid, Stephen Marley, Steel Pulse, Easy Star All-Stars
Slightly Stoopid, Stephen “Ragga” Marley, Steel Pulse, Easy Star All-Stars, The Exependables, Fishbone and The Revivalists are among the artists that will perform at this year's Blackwater Music Festival. The reggae/rock event, which returns to the Spirit of the Suwannee Music Park in Live Oak, FL August 21-23, will also feature sets from Tribal Seeds, Zoogma, Catfish Alliance, Beebs and Them moneymakers and more. Additionally, Slightly Stoopid will be playing two shows at the festival.
Tickets for the Blackwater Music Festival will go on sale today at 3pm ET.
Blackwater Music Festival 2014 Lineup
Slightly Stoopid
Stephen “Ragga” Marley
Steel Pulse
Easy Star All-Stars
The Exependables
Fishbone
The Revivalists
Tribal Seeds
Zoogma
Catfish Alliance
Beebs and Them moneymakers
Sidereal
Ballyhoo!
Universal Green
Danka
Lucky Costello
S.P.O.R.E.
Welcome to the Beach
Former NAACP president Ben Jealous will receive a boost in their efforts to win progressive support in their bid for the Democratic nomination for governor Thursday when they receive an endorsement from Bernie Sanders.
The Vermont senator is scheduled to appear with Jealous in Silver Spring at an event organized by the left-leaning group Our Revolution Maryland.
Jealous was a prominent Sanders supporter during the senator's 2016 campaign against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination for president. The civil rights leader was a frequent Sanders surrogate on national television news programs during the campaign.
Sanders released a statement on their pending endorsement: "With Ben as governor, we can make health care a right, not a privilege. We can create a minimum wage which is a living wage. We can stop the school-to-prison pipeline and end mass incarceration. We can make college tuition affordable, protect our environment and create good-paying jobs."
Jealous said they were proud to have Sanders' support.
"Bernie understands, as I do, that now is not a time for timidity," Jealous said in a statement. "When a generation of Americans risks being worse off than those before, tied down by the lack of a livable wage, affordable college and access to quality healthcare, then our leadership must reflect the urgency of this moment."
Mileah Kromer, director of the Sarah T. Hughes Field Politics Center at Goucher College, said Sanders still has a passionate following among progressive voters active in resisting President Donald J. Trump.
"That Resistance part of the Democratic Party will play a major role in this election cycle." they said.
Kromer added, however, that Sanders' support is likely to have less impact in Maryland than it would in a state they had won.
Former NAACP president Ben Jealous announced they will run for the Democratic nomination in the 2018 Maryland gubernatorial election. (Kenneth K. Lam/Baltimore Sun video) Former NAACP president Ben Jealous announced they will run for the Democratic nomination in the 2018 Maryland gubernatorial election. (Kenneth K. Lam/Baltimore Sun video) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"Hillary Clinton beat Bernie Sanders in the primary by 29 points," Kromer said. "Bernie Sanders was unable to reach a large cross-section of Maryland Democratic voters in April 2016."
Where Sanders' endorsement could have an impact, Kromer said, is in the primary within a primary between Jealous and state Sen. Richard S. Madaleno, who are competing for the progressive wing of the party.
The Montgomery County lawmaker, who is expected to announce their candidacy soon, is a progressive leader in the General Assembly who endorsed Clinton in 2016.
"He's very tapped in to the progressive movement in Maryland," Kromer said.
Madaleno's endorsement of Clinton isn't necessarily a liability. A Goucher College poll last September showed Clinton with a 74 percent approval rating among Maryland Democrats in a state they won by a landslide.
Besides Jealous, the announced candidates in the race are Prince George's County Executive Rushern L. Baker III, Baltimore lawyer Jim Shea and high-tech entrepreneur Alec Ross.
Also expected to announce soon is Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz. U.S. Rep. John Delaney and former Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler are also considering a run.
mdresser@baltsun.com
twitter.com/michaeltdresser
The use of salt to deice pavement can leave urban streams toxic to aquatic life, according to a new U.S. Geological Survey study on the influence of winter runoff in northern U.S. cities, with a special focus on eastern Wisconsin and Milwaukee.
More than half of the Milwaukee streams included in this study had samples that were toxic during winter deicing. In eastern and southern Wisconsin, all streams studied had potentially toxic chloride concentrations during winter, with lingering effects into the summer at some streams. Nationally, samples from fifty-five percent of streams studied in 13 northern cities were potentially toxic; twenty-five percent of the streams had samples that exceeded acute water quality criteria.
Toxicity was measured by direct testing of organisms in samples during the local study component; in the regional and the national study components, observed chloride levels were used to assess potential toxicity.
"While winter driving and walking safety are the priority in treating pavements, this study suggests the need for advancements that will reduce salt loads to surface waters without compromising safety," said Matthew C. Larsen, USGS Associate Director for Water.
"We expected to see elevated chloride levels in streams near northern cities during the winter months," said Steve Corsi of the USGS Wisconsin Water Science Center. "The surprise was the number of streams exceeding toxic levels and how high the concentrations were," said Corsi, who led the study.
"This study shows that chloride contamination of urban streams is a problem in many places; it's not just a Milwaukee problem," said Corsi.
While road deicing accounts for a significant portion of salt applications, it is not the only source. Salt is also used by many public and private organizations and individuals to deice parking lots, walkways and driveways.
Key Findings:
Nationally: During the winter, samples from fifty-five percent of northern streams in this study had chloride levels that exceeded USEPA chronic water-quality criteria, indicating potential toxicity. Samples from twenty-five percent of the streams exceeded acute water-quality criteria.
Regionally: In eastern and south-central Wisconsin, potential toxicity was found during winter at all urban streams studied, with lingering effects at some streams in the summer.
During winter, 100 percent of the streams monitored had chloride levels that exceeded the USEPA chronic water quality criteria with fifty-five percent of samples exceeding acute water quality criteria.
Chloride levels higher than 10,000 milligrams per liter were observed at times during winter deicing periods -- much greater than the chronic water-quality criteria of 230 milligrams per liter and the acute criteria of 860 milligrams per liter.
Chloride levels increased as urbanization percentage in the watershed increased.
Locally: In Milwaukee, more than half of the samples collected from streams during winter deicing periods were toxic.
Samples from seven of 13 streams collected during 2007 deicing periods were toxic in bioassay tests.
Chloride levels in 12 out of these 13 streams exceeded USEPA chronic water quality criteria; eight of 13 exceeded acute criteria.
In long-term testing of one Milwaukee stream between 1997 and 2008, seventy-two percent of 38 samples collected during the winter were toxic in bioassay tests.
The Wisconsin State Laboratory of Hygiene co-authored this study and did the bioassay testing involved. Additionally, this study was conducted in cooperation with the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District and General Mitchell International Airport.
Other major sources of salt to U.S. waters include wastewater treatment, septic systems, farming operations, and natural sources from geologic deposits. These sources may contribute to chloride levels at individual streams in this study, but the geographic, land-use, and seasonal patterns observed in this study suggest deicing activities as the dominant source. This conclusion is also supported by a USGS study published in 2009 on chloride in groundwater and surface water in the northern U.S.
A­bout six months ago, I realized that I was bad with money. I'd always known that it wasn't my strong suit: I started my financial life by maxing out and defaulting on a credit card when I was 18. But in the years since, I thought of myself as a manageable, forgivable kind of “bad with money.” This summer, though — when I managed to spend $100 on mostly food-and-drink impulse purchases in a single day, without knowing where the money went — I realized I was terrible. I had no real budget, I had no concept of money, and I'd end up with $50 in savings at age 30 if I continued that way.
I started a money blog, the Financial Diet, and broke my spending and earning down into an easy-to-follow, reasonable system. To achieve financial balance, I had to cut out some of the things I used to love (no matter how bad they were for me). Here, the 11 things I gave up in order to get good with money.
The obligatory “glass of wine with dinner.” For some reason, I used to believe that “being an adult who is capable of ordering a drink with dinner” meant “being an adult who is obligated to order a drink with dinner.” Even if I didn't particularly want it, I would accompany my restaurant meal with some alcoholic beverage, particularly if the entrée was cheap and therefore seemed to justify a $10 glass of sauvignon blanc. Now, I usually just drink water, except on the “big meal out” evenings with friends, where we get a bottle of wine, linger around the table for hours, and go to bed late.
Aspirational lifestyle and fashion blogs. I used to torture myself with the Sartorialist. It was a form of deeply masochistic envy-blogging, where I would lust over the endless disposable income, chic surroundings, and whisper-thin waistlines of the subjects, and imagine my life would be so much better if I could only afford that handbag. Even the lesser gods of the lifestyle-blogging pantheon made me feel like I was a mediocre person who was a 50 percent salary increase from being wonderful and happy. Now, I stick to the more realistic bloggers, who pair “sale sweater” with “being a normal human being who has flaws.”
Related Stories 3 New York Women on What They Really Earn — and Spend
Uber. I took it off my phone, and take the metro (or my own legs) as much as possible. It's simply too convenient, too tempting, and — because you don't actually have to physically hand anyone money — too deceptive in how much it actually costs you. And if I know anything about myself, it's that automatic debits are my natural enemy.
(Most) designer makeup. While there are a few things very sensitive/problem skin like mine needs that can't be found in a Duane Reade, there are other things that simply don't need to be expensive. Mascara is pretty much mascara, and same goes for lip balm, most eye shadows, nail polish, and eyebrow pencils/powder. Once you switch to drug-store brands for a few items you assumed had to be designer, you'll realize just how much of your makeup routine was a placebo effect.
Subscriptions I had no idea I even still had. When I went on my initial financial cleanse, I discovered a lot of things I didn't know about myself, such as the fact that I had been paying $10 a month for a calorie-counting website that I hadn't used in over a year. If you go through your bank statement with a fine-toothed comb, you might find some things you didn't know you were paying for, either.
Fast fashion for anything but basics and parties. When I went through my closet and removed everything that wasn't versatile, stylish, or something I've worn in the past year, I realized that 90 percent of what I was getting rid of was fast fashion. I had a veritable treasure trove of cheap dresses I bought on a whim. Now, I buy fewer things, I buy higher quality, I search multiple stores before I choose, and I avoid fast fashion for everything except basics like tees and tanks, and clothes to wear to parties that I'll probably ruin in some way.
Related Stories 21 NYC Women Confess the Dumbest Thing They Spend Their Money On
A memorized credit-card number. Let me tell you, having to get up out of your comfy, cozy bed and go fish your credit card out of your purse to make an online purchase is enough to make you reconsider — and ultimately decide you don't need — nearly every purchase. Having your card number memorized is removing the one step of the process that keeps you from buying an ebasket full of patterned tights from Asos at 2 in the morning.
My empty refrigerator. I love to cook, but I also love to be lazy, and would frequently find myself with a near-empty refrigerator, and thus the perfect justification to order Seamless. With a once-weekly, comprehensive grocery trip, you can fill your fridge with the kind of food that is (a) delicious ; (b) beckons you to cook; and (c) makes you feel like an abject failure for ordering in.
Unnecessary beauty treatments. I recently tried to calculate how much money I spent on gel manicures this year, but I stopped somewhere around $700, because I was getting sick to my stomach. Doing your own nails is easy and basically free, and once you get decent at it (which only takes a month or so, honestly), it looks the same. Yes, part of the experience is being pampered, but it should be a treat — not a monthly routine.
Fancy coffee. At one point, I was spending upwards of $40 a week at the coffee shop across from my office. And you know what? The coffee I make at home is just as good, and doesn't come from a grown man in 2014 wearing suspenders and a turn-of-the-century mustache.
Friends who are contagiously bad with money. Perhaps the biggest change I had to make was to stop going out with friends who spend money like Rockefellers on the weekend before the crash of '29. It doesn't matter where their money comes from (a salary or generous parents), what matters is that going out with them entails spending hundreds of dollars on restaurants, $15 cocktails, and cross-town cab rides. If people impose their financial badness on you, you have to stop going out with them, or at least make sure you do it on your own terms. It doesn't make you a bad person to not see them as much. It just makes you a person who wants to own property someday.
A Christchurch man who died after being struck by a forklift this morning has been named.
Anthony Stephen Wells, 47, was an employee of Busck Prestressed Concrete Ltd in Annex Rd.
Detective Sergeant Chris Power said Wells was working at the firm's premises at the time of the incident, which happened about 5.40am today.
"Initial enquiries indicate that the deceased was struck by a forklift which was being driven by another employee, in a yard at the company's premises.
"The driver and other colleagues immediately called ambulance services and gave first aid. Mr Wells was pronounced dead at the scene by an attending paramedic."
Power said police and health and safety inspectors from the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment were investigating the incident.
A police scene examination was completed this afternoon and an autopsy was expected to be carried out tomorrow, they said.
Buffalo police officer caught on camera attacking man [WKVB-TV]
A Buffalo police officer could face federal scrutiny after the release of footage showing them attacking a man while allegedly trying to break up a fight, WKBW-TV reported.
The video, shot by a WKBW photographer early Thanksgiving morning, shows 39-year-old Officer Corey Krug using the nightstick to push an unidentified man onto a vehicle, then push them to the ground. Krug can also be seen hitting the man with the nightstick while telling them to get up.
The attack stops after Krug is told by two colleagues that they were being recorded. The photographer was working on another story when they saw Krug approach the man, who was allegedly about to get into a fight. The man was not arrested and told to leave the scene.
“They're telling this guy to walk away so apparently they did nothing,” American Civil Liberties Union attorney Daire Irwin told WKBW, adding, “I absolutely categorically believe their civil rights were violated.”
Police Commissioner Dan Derenda did not comment on the video, but did suspend Krug indefinitely without pay after the station showed them the footage of the attack. The department is investigating the incident.
The Buffalo News reported that the U.S. Attorney's Office has also received a copy of the video, while Derenda also contacted the FBI regarding a possible probe into Krug's actions.
“What I will say is as it has shown, this administration takes inappropriate behavior very seriously and appropriate action was taken in each and every case,” they said.
Krug was reportedly working overtime on the night of the incident. An officer by the same name was identified in a 2010 federal civil rights lawsuit, and they are reportedly related to another officer, Raymond Krug, who faced similar civil rights violation charges in a 2009 suit.
The News reported, citing anonymous sources within the department, that officers have been reminded in recent training sessions that citizens have the right to videotape and photograph them.
“How can you train for something as blatant as this?” the source said about the incident involving Krug. “There was a camera right there.”
Watch WKBW's report, as posted online on Thursday, below.
Download Audio
When the scandal erupted last year over long wait lists at the Phoenix VA, Alaska was found to have quite short wait times. The Alaska VA has for years been buying care for veterans outside the VA, at community and private-sector clinics, and especially through the Native health care system. The concept is dubbed “Care Closer to Home.” That's the model Congress chose when it passed the Veterans Choice Act last year, aimed at solving the backlog for VA services in the Lower 48. But as the new Choice program spreads across the country and takes hold in Alaska, vets and providers say it's undoing parts of the Alaska-grown system that have worked well.
Damita Duplantis is an Air Force vet and has back pain. They didn't know about the Choice program until they got a call from the office of the neurosurgeon they hoped would operate on them back.
“And they called and told me that they had to cancel my appointment, because the VA was doing some kind of new funding thing and they were not accepting that type of funding that the VA was changing over to,” they say.
So Duplantis called the VA. They eventually learned that for an appointment outside the VA, now they have to go through something called the Veterans Choice program. In Alaska and 27 other states, Choice is administered by a company called TriWest. DuPlantis says they probably spent five hours on the phone, bouncing between TriWest and the VA.
“The thing that frustrated me, is one, my appointment is being canceled, I'm in pain,” they said. “And two, they changed over to this new program and didn't even tell the veterans what they were doing.”
Alaska's congressional delegation has received dozens of calls from angry veterans. Vets say clinics they'd been going to aren't accepting Choice, and that appointments elsewhere are hard or impossible to get. They tell of long hold times to reach TriWest call centers, emails that get no response and broken links on VA websites.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski was furious when they learned of the changes in late May.
“This is a threat to a collaborative effort that has been built over a period of years that has been very beneficial to our veterans,” they said earlier this month.
They fired off a four-alarm letter to the VA secretary. Congressman Don Young sent their own this week, and Sen. Dan Sullivan called for a congressional hearing. By late this week, the VA relented, in part: They've restored funds for non-Native veterans to get care at Native hospitals and clinics.
Andy Teuber, president of the Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium, says last year, some 1400 Alaska vets used their VA benefits to get care at Native health facilities, and most of those vets were non-Natives. The VA reimbursement came to nearly $6 million, a small part of the $100 million or so the Alaska VA spends each year to purchase care outside the VA system.
Before the VA restored money for tribal providers this week, Teuber said they didn't see the utility of TriWest, the contractor for the Choice program. By inserting a private company in the administration of VA care, Teuber says, you add a middleman that needs to make a profit.
“And it's a wasteful layer of bureaucracy that effectively rations care of the veterans here in Alaska,” they said.
Hal Blair, deputy program manager at TriWest, says the company provides an important service, or the VA wouldn't have asked the contractor to take on the Choice Program for much of the country, and on short notice.
“We had basically 30 days, with our VA partners, to go from a blank sheet of paper to having contact centers that could respond to the Choice requirements,” they said.
Blair says TriWest is working hard to sign up more providers in Alaska. Thanks to a special amendment to the Choice Act, they can now pay Alaska providers above the Medicare rate. Blair and VA officials say that should help.
Saving the government money is a big part of the mission at TriWest, Blair says.
“We like to think of ourselves as taxpayers first and business people second,” they say.
But contracts like this are expensive to administer, especially, they say, in their initial phases. A recent VA Inspector General's report found that, for a related contract TriWest has with the VA, the government paid TriWest $8.4 million last year to buy $2.3 million worth of medical care for veterans.
Blair says they hadn't seen the IG report, but they say TriWest's value will become clear once more veterans sign up.
In Alaska, the new Choice program is baffling for some vets not well situated to cope with it. Jesse Gotschall, of Anchorage, was a truck driver in the Army. They served in both Iraq and Aghanistan.
“I have back problems, right? And I need help with it,” they say.
They say accupuncture and chiropractic care help them stand up straight so they can work. They also have PTSD, and trouble remembering things. It was hard enough for them to learn how to use the VA system before the rules changed. Now, they say, they feel like he's trying to play chess on a Scrabble board.
“I honestly don't know. And like, that's part of the problem,” they said. “I try to figure this stuff out and I don't know where to call, and you try to talk to someone and (you're told) ‘you gotta do this, you gotta do that.'”
He's beyond frustrated. They says sometimes they feel like giving up on the mortgage he's trying to pay and leaving the country. One person who has helped them was their acupuncturist, Valerie DeLaune. They say they explained the VA programs to him, and also encouraged them to get treatment for their PTSD. Gottschall, though, will soon have to find treatment somewhere else. DeLaune was a TriWest provider, but says they dropped out due to a messy accounting dispute with the company.
The Alaska VA director says they're planning a big campaign to explain the Choice program to veterans.
Wireless charging is a bit of a white-elephant technology. It's nice to have, but not seen as something essential. Perhaps one of the biggest reasons for this is because it's slower than a traditional wired connection. South Korean tech giant LG's Innoteck division thinks it has the solution to this.
It just announced the world's first ever 15 watt quick charging pad, which will be released later this month. This will charge devices up to three times faster than the current generation of 5 watt charging pads. According to LG, it will be able to charge a smartphone to 50 percent in just thirty minutes.
LG's pad is compatible with the current stable of wireless-charging enabled devices. According to the company, it comes with technology that prevents the pad from overheating while charging. This, it says, reduces the risk of the phone's battery becoming damaged, or even exploding.
Wireless charging is a growing market. According to market research firm TSR, sales of base units was $553 million in 2015, and will reach $2.2 billion by 2019.
LG's high-power charging pads will go on sale in Australia, Europe, and North America around the middle of the month. Pricing is yet to be confirmed.
A United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket lifts off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida carrying the U.S. military's MUOS-3 tactical communications satellite on Jan. 20, 2015.
A huge satellite blasted off Tuesday night (Jan. 20) in a dazzling launch for a mission to help improve the U.S. military's tactical communications capabilities.
The U.S. Navy's Mobile User Objective System-3 satellite, or MUOS-3, streaked into orbit during a spectacular night launch of an Atlas V rocket from Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 8:04 p.m. EST (0104 GMT on Jan. 21). MUOS-3 will eventually maneuver to geosynchronous orbit, about 22,000 miles (35,400 kilometers) above Earth.
As its name suggests, the 7.5-ton (6,800 kilograms) MUOS-3 is the third Mobile User Objective System spacecraft to reach orbit. MUOS-1 and MUOS-2 launched in February 2012 and July 2013, respectively, also atop Atlas V rockets. The satellite was built for the U.S. military by Lockheed Martin. The United Launch Alliance, a joint project by Lockheed and Boeing, provided the Atlas V.
On Jan. 20, 2015, at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, a United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket launched the third Mobile User Objective System satellite into orbit for the United States Navy. (Image: © United Launch Alliance)
The U.S. military's MUOS-3 tactical communications satellite is enshrouded in a nose cone fairing in preparation for its launch atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket on Jan. 20, 2015. (Image: © Lockheed Martin)
The five-satellite MUOS constellation will be complete after two additional launches, one likely coming later this year and another in 2016, Navy officials said. Four spacecraft are core elements, while the fifth is considered an obiting spare.
"This MUOS-3 launch is another major milestone to achieving the next generation of global tactical satellite communications capability for the Department of Defense," Navy Capt. Joe Kan, MUOS program manager said in a statement.
The MUOS constellation is designed to work like a cellphone network in space. It should provide a big upgrade in secure, high-speed communications for U.S. troops on the move around the world, Navy officials said.
"Unlike its predecessor system, MUOS provides users a global, on-demand, beyond-line-of-sight capability to transmit and receive high-quality voice and mission data using a high-speed Internet Protocol-based system," Navy officials wrote in the statement.
This artist's illustration depicts the U.S. military's MUOS-3 tactical communications satellite in orbit. The satellite launched into orbit on Jan. 20, 2015. (Image: © Lockheed Martin)
The MUOS system, which also includes four ground stations, will ultimately replace the military's Ultra High Frequency Follow-On network. When it's up and running, MUOS should provide 16 times the communications capacity of the old system, said Lockheed Martin representatives.
Last month, Kan said the Navy aims to achieve full MUOS system operations by 2016.
"Right now we need to ensure the system works end-to-end," MUOS technical director Jim Parsons said in the Navy statement. "We're in the process of doing that by connecting an Army radio program, an Army waveform development program, our Navy satellites and ground system and DoD teleports to ensure that all elements work together as designed."
Tuesday's liftoff was United Launch Alliance's first of 2015, as well as the 200th ever to use the Atlas-Centaur system, which consists of an Atlas booster and a Centaur upper stage.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Jeremy Corbyn says party could deliver promise by forcing rail companies to cap fares at lower gauge of inflation than currently used
Labour has pledged to save the average rail commuter more than £200 a year by forcing companies to limit fare increases on season tickets.
The party said a Labour government would restrict the amount train operators could raise ticket prices by linking any change in fares to a lower measure of inflation than the one currently used.
The Conservative manifesto from the 2015 election promised that regulated fares could rise by no more than the retail price index (RPI). Instead, Labour wants to cap them at the consumer price index (CPI), a measure of inflation which tends to be lower. The most recent figure for CPI over the previous 12 months was 2.7%, against 3.5% for RPI.
Britain's rail franchise model unfit for purpose, say MPs Read more
As with the current cap, it would apply only to regulated fares, which make up about 45% of the total and fall under the authority of the relevant transport minister in England, Wales and Scotland.
Labour says that using official projections for the levels of CPI and RPI over the next parliament, the user of the average-cost annual season ticket of just under £2,800 would save £1,000 in total by 2022 under the party's formula.
The party has already pledge to take the rail companies back into public ownership. However, this will happen over a period of time, as the individual franchises expire. Labour would aim to introduce further caps or reductions over time as more companies became publicly owned.
The party said that since 2010, regulated rail fares as a whole had risen by just over 27%, meaning the average cost of a season ticket had risen by almost £600.
Its leader, Jeremy Corbyn, said: “Under the Conservatives, rail fares have sky-rocketed and tickets are some of the most expensive in Europe.
“Labour will take Britain's railways back into public control and put more money into people's pockets by capping fares. This will save commuters £1,014 on their rail season tickets over the next parliament, as part of our plan to promote services for the many, not the few.”
Tracking the cost: UK and European rail commuter fares compared – in data Read more
The shadow transport secretary, Andy McDonald, said rail privatisation had failed and it would take “more than tinkering around the edges” to improve services.
“The 2017 Tory manifesto has failed to make any commitment to keeping rail fares frozen in real terms, meaning rail fares are likely to rise above inflation if the Conservatives win the general election,” they said.
A Conservative spokesperson said: “Once again Jeremy Corbyn simply hasn't done their sums. Renationalising the railways will either add billions of pounds to our national debt or hit ordinary working people in the pocket with higher taxes. It's yet more economic shambles from Labour.”
The Liberal Energy Critic says a party hosted by Emera last Wednesday is an insult to Nova Scotians.
Emera, the parent company of Nova Scotia Power, threw a party at Salty's, a restaurant on the Halifax waterfront.
The event was held one day after Nova Scotia Power made the controversial request to raise rates by six per cent over the next two years.
The party had a guest list of about 28 people. It featured Cape Breton comedian Maynard Morrison, the Halifax Titanic Orchestra, and the Mellotones, a popular band in Halifax.
A spokesperson for Emera told CBC the company's board of directors were in town for meetings, and the party was a chance to build stronger relationships with Emera executives.
The company would not reveal the price tag for the event, but said it was paid for by Emera shareholders and not Nova Scotia Power customers.
Politicians speak out
The event is drawing criticism from all three of the province's political parties.
"It's insensitive, it's insulting to Nova Scotians, and it just shows exactly what's wrong at Nova Scotia Power," said Andrew Younger, the Liberal energy critic. "They're asking people to sacrifice, yet they're out there partying at a level that most rate payers in Nova Scotia could never possibly afford."
Younger said although this incident involved the parent company, it feeds into the Liberal's belief that Nova Scotia Power needs to be audited on a regular basis.
They said if they're asking customers to make sacrifices, the company should be sacrificing internally as well.
Nova Scotia's Energy Minister Charlie Parker isn't impressed.
"I don't know the details," they said. "That seems unacceptable to me, and certainly not setting a good example so I don't think it's the right way to go."
I started Athlegan by writing about vegan protein and how it's no problem getting sufficient amounts. But we're athletes and we want optimal amounts! Protein powder is one easy way of getting that.
The World Health Organization recommends 0.8 gram of protein per kilo lean body mass but a more optimal level for building muscle is ~2 g per kg. Especially for weight loss and for women.
So just how much food gives this optimal level of protein?
Let's keep the math simple and assume you're a 70 kg person with not a single gram of fat on your body. With 70 kg of lean body mass and if you strive for 2 g/kg, that's 140 grams of protein per day.
That's either one of:
467 g (2701 kcal) peanut butter
723 g (1338 kcal) taifun tofu
1.5 kg (1753 kcal) lentils
While I'll never be one to turn down a scoop of peanut butter, I have to admit it'd be tough to eat half a kilo a day. Instead I'd rather limit it to a (heaped) scoop and supplement â€“ with protein powder.
Protein powder nutrition #
There are a few different types of vegan protein powders. The most common ones are soy protein, hemp protein, brown rice protein, and pea protein.
Depending on the brand they can contain various amounts of protein as well, ranging anywhere from 40 grams per 100 grams, to 80 grams per 100 grams. Check out the label before you buy!
Besides the amount of protein, its quality also varies between types.
A protein is nothing more than a chain of amino acids. Nine of these amino acids are essential to our bodies â€“ we can't produce them ourselves but have to get them from food. Some of them we need more of and some less.
This is the optimal distribution of amino acids:
Lots of leucine, lysine, and tyrosone, not a whole lot of tryptophan, and an average of the remaining amino acids. If a protein hits all of those minimum targets, it's called a complete protein.
Not that there's anything bad with a protein having a lot of tryptophan (it's quite a useful amino acid, I'll have you know) but generally if something has more in one amino acid, it'll have less of another.
Now let's have a look at how the different vegan protein powders stack up to this ideal distribution.
Soy protein #
Hemp protein #
Rice protein #
Pea protein #
The best vegan protein powder #
So which one is the best?
First, before we answer that, it's worth keeping in mind that the difference between a bad protein powder and a good one will be minimal. You won't suddenly put on another kilo of muscle just because you picked one powder over another.
Second, when it comes to growing muscle the most important amino acid is leucine. It acts as a signal for the muscle protein synthesis (kickstarts the gainz). You'll need the other amino acids to be present, as building blocks, but they're somewhat secondary to this process.
With that in mind, we can see that hemp protein powder isn't all that good. It's not a complete protein and it's far from having enough leucine. There are better alternatives.
Soy protein is definitely a complete one. Just looking a these numbers it wins, hands down. I don't use it myself but not because of the fear mongering (no, soy won't give you manboobs and a limp dick). I simply dislike the consistency and taste â€“ it's too muddy and sweet for me.
My personal favorite is rice and pea protein both! They mix very well with no clumping and have no nasty taste. The unflavoured variants are perfect for adding to smoothies and similar.
Further, if you look at their amino acid profiles, you'll see that rice is low on lysine, while pea has plenty of it. Pea on the other hand is low on tyrosine, which rice has much more of.
So I simply do the obvious â€“ I buy a bag of each and I mix them. :)
Protein powder brands #
Next, which brand should you get?
Let me start by saying, as clear as I can, that more expensive does not equal better. There are some ridiculous claims out there but protein is protein â€“ there's nothing magic about it. Just find one that tastes nice, is cheap enough to fit your monthly budget, and contains good protein.
I've personally tried many, many types and brands and these are my own favorites that I use:
This is a mix of pea and rice protein, with a nice strawberry or chocolate flavour. I usually drink this one after lifting or if I feel like having a snack.
I try to always have a bag of these two at home, because they're part of my breakfast smoothie pretty much every morning.
If you use the links above to buy some protein powder, I get a small commission and it doesn't cost you anything extra. It's an easy (and free!) way to support Athlegan. As always, all the recommendations I give are my personal favorites and I'd give them regardless of any reward.
According to an Ipsos Mori poll released on Christmas day, 8 out of 10 Britons are opposed to the law being changed on fox hunting. This did not stop a quarter of a million hunt supporters gathering the next day, however, for biggest event in the hunt calendar, the Boxing day hunts.
I am one of these 8 out of 10 Britons who sees hunting with dogs as cruel, unethical and archaic. Although I do not think the law is enough – I would like to see the legislation strengthened with people prosecuted for any transgressions and an increase in the use of high-tech drones that have already been used to monitor hunts in real time – it is better than nothing.
Although reported that the law is routinely ignored, almost 50 people were found guilty under the hunting act last year. There has also been an increase in those opposed to fox hunting, up 4% from last year.
David Cameron last year renewed their parties commitment to hold a free vote on the law, however this is looking unlikely to be met before the next election. With the public opposed to a repeal, this would be a contentious issue for those in the Conservative Party to support and those in the party dragging it to the right will continue to alienate the electorate.If so they would then be also grouped with UKIP on the issue. Nigel Farage this boxing day greeted hunters at the Old Surrey Burstow and West Kent Hunt.
Although the law is not enough and routinely flaunted, I would prefer to live in a country that has this legislation in place and with the convictions that it brings, than to not have legislation at all. Politicians have to see that public opinion supports a ban and to be in favour of its repeal would be political suicide.
Advertisements
by
The police rampage in Ferguson, Missouri has increased public awareness of police militarization and drawn well-deserved attention to writers like Radley Balko who've documented the proliferation of military equipment and culture in local police forces over the past decade.
It's certainly true that the post-9/11 security state and the Global War on Terror have flooded police forces with surplus military equipment, increased the prevalence of military cross-training (including “counter-terrorism” training by Israeli military personnel encouraging American police forces to view their communities in much the same way Israeli security forces view the Palestinians in Gaza).
But the roots of police militarization go back way further than 9/11 – all the way back to the aftermath of insurrections by the black populations of major American cities in the 1960s and the American political elite's desire to ensure that nothing like that ever happened again.
US presidents Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon began creating an institutional framework to ensure that any such disorder in the future would be dealt with differently. This process culminated in DOD Civil Disturbance Plan 55-2, aka “Garden Plot,” which involved domestic surveillance by the military, contingency plans for military cooperation with local police in suppressing local disorders, plans for mass preventive detention and joint exercises of police and the regular military. Frank Morales wrote in Cover Action Quarterly (“U.S. Military Civil Disturbance Planning: The War at Home,” Spring-Summer 2000):
“At first, the Garden Plot exercises focused primarily on racial conflict. But beginning in 1970, the scenarios took a different twist. The joint teams, made up of cops, soldiers and spies, began practicing battle with large groups of protesters. California, under the leadership of Ronald Reagan, was among the most enthusiastic participants in Garden Plot war games. … Garden plot [subsequently] evolved into a series of annual training exercises based on contingency plans to undercut riots and demonstrations, ultimately developed for every major city in the United States. Participants in the exercises included key officials from all law enforcement agencies in the nation, as well as the National Guard, the military, and representatives of the intelligence community.”
It was against this background that then-governor Reagan introduced the first SWAT teams in California.
When Reagan became president, they appointed Louis O. Giuffrida, who as head of the California Guard had enthusiastically participated in Garden Plot exercises under Reagan's govenorship, to head the Federal Emergency Management Agency. In that role Giuffrida worked with Oliver North to draw up plans for martial law in the event of a “national emergency.” They worked together on the Readiness Exercises 1983 and 1984 (Rex-83 and Rex-84), which included mass detention of suspected “terrorist subversives” under the emergency provisions of Garden Plot.
The hypothetical civil disturbance/insurrection scenario these emergency exercises were supposed to be coping with was (ahem) a series of massive antiwar demonstrations in response to a U.S. military invasion of Central America. “North … helped draw up a controversial plan to suspend the Constitution in the event of a national crisis, such as nuclear war, violent and widespread internal dissent or national opposition to a U.S. military invasion abroad (Alfonso Chardy, “Reagan Aides and the ‘Secret' Government,” Miami Herald, July 5, 1987).
The militarization of local polic, and the encouragement of a police culture that viewed local communities (especially people of color in minority neighborhoods) as an occupied enemy population, got further impetus from the War on Drugs, which was greatly intensified under the Reagan administration. By 1999 — well before the Global War on Terror — the phenomenon had progressed to the point that Diane Cecilia Weber wrote a Cato Institute paper titled “Warrior Cops: The Ominous Growth of Paramilitarism in American Police Departments” (Briefing Paper No. 50).
Since 9/11, the problem has grown beyond Weber's imagining. After Katrina the (largely black) flooded out portions of New Orleans got a demonstration of the same police hostility and aggression we're witnessing today in Ferguson. It's a safe guess that this is now the standard treatment to expect from local police in a community experiencing an “emergency” or (manufactured) “disturbance” of any kind.
Ultimately, what it boils down to is the government views its own people — particularly those of color — as the enemy. The question is how long we will tolerate it.
Kevin Carson is a senior fellow of the Center for a Stateless Society (c4ss.org) and holds the Center's Karl Hess Chair in Social Theory.
In Queensland, a sex offender receives a free “cultural differences” pass following their Surfers Paradise groping frenzy.
The ABC reports:
A teenager who groped eight women as they swam at one of Queensland's busiest beaches has been placed on two years' probation by a Gold Coast judge. The Afghan-born 17-year-old, who cannot be identified because they committed the offences as a juvenile, spent two hours grabbing women, aged between 15 and 24 years, as they swam between the flags at Surfers Paradise Beach on January 16 last year.
As you'll soon discover, there is another element to this one-man Cologne swarm's age:
The offending stopped when three of the victims approached the lifeguard on duty and they then notified police. The teenager was initially charged as an adult because they had no birth records from Afghanistan.
So he's one of those ageless types who somehow arrived here without any documentation.
They were sentenced today as a juvenile in the District Court at Southport after pleading guilty to nine charges of sexual assault and three charges of common assault. Two of the victims, who were aged 15 years at the time of the offending, were present in court. Judge David Kent heard the Victoria-based defendant grabbed their victims on their bottoms, breasts and, in three cases, their vaginas. Crown prosecutor Nick McGhee said the defendant was seen swimming up to their victims "in quite a predatory manner". When questioned by the lifeguard on duty, the defendant allegedly said: "If I just say sorry, can we forget all about it?"
Islam is the most feminist religion. Of course it is.
During sentencing, Judge Kent accepted the teenager grew up in difficult circumstances in Afghanistan and their father died in 2011. They went on to say their behaviour, while holidaying on the Gold Coast with their family, was unacceptable … The judge placed the Victorian teenager on two years' probation and no conviction was recorded.
That ABC report omits the judge's worst line:
The judge accepted that seeing girls in bikinis is different to the environment in which they grew up.
And that, my friends, is how you beat multiple sex charges in Australia in 2017.
(Via Jill.)
UPDATE. According to an earlier ABC report, the offender was an 18-year-old Pakistani:
Contrast these two reports. Seems this sex offender 'forgot' their age and country of birth. Via Tim Blair https://t.co/f6Su3j9TRT … pic.twitter.com/mh81ez47lp — MonsterDome (@Monster_Dome) April 27, 2017
Also, they were originally charged with two counts of attempted rape.
If the bleak, grey skies are getting you down, how about a fresh burst of color from Nike? Receiving a much-needed color update for Spring 2014, we now have a detailed look at the upcoming Nike SB Stefan Janoski Max. Featuring a new combination of breathable mesh, Max Air cushioning, and the Nike Free sole flexibility, this trainer-inspired, skater-bred low-top will be your new favorite regardless of your chosen form of transportation. The new design drops leather or suede in place of slip-on mesh and a sole that joins a Max Air Heel unit with a speckled Free Run sole for a unique, comfortable fit. Queued up to release in Midnight Navy, Lite Crimson, Grey, Orange, and Black, you can expect these to launch in the new few weeks via select shops, including London's size?.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ULAANBAATAR -- Traffic jams are a common sight in Mongolia's capital and many, if not most, of the cars stuck inching their way along the roads are Toyota Motor Priuses.
Chances are three out of five that a car is a Prius, according to one resident. That is just a guess, but it is probably not far off. A glance down the street reveals a line of five Priuses. One parking lot is filled with the cars.
Most of the hybrid gasoline-electrics are used cars that still carry Japanese inspection certificates and dealer stickers. A local dealership said that depending on the model, the Prius sells for $5,000-$7,000, over 10 times the average monthly household income. Despite the high price tag, the Prius is very popular, the dealership said.
Ulaanbaatar was built on Soviet lines to accommodate around 400,000 people. In recent years, the population has ballooned to 1.4 million, causing many headaches for city dwellers. The explosion of cars is especially visible. With an estimated 480,000 cars on the road as of the end of last year, congestion is constant. Pollution is particularly bad in winter, making Ulaanbaatar's air quality similar to Beijing's, locals say.
But the Prius is not popular because it runs cleanly. People like it because it is fuel efficient and easy to drive.
Winters in Mongolia are cold. Temperatures often range from minus 20 C to minus 40 C. Word quickly spread that the Prius starts easily in the cold, helping make it a huge hit. A 65-year-old private security guard who bought a Prius two years ago said, "The engine starts quickly and I'm glad it's fuel efficient." In tough economic times, having a reliable, economical car is a plus.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LUZERNE COUNTY -- U.S. Representative Lou Barletta announced their candidacy for U.S. Senate Tuesday morning.
The Luzerne County native and Republican lawmaker made the announcement to Newswatch 16 Monday night.
Barletta, former mayor of Hazleton, was an early supporter of President Trump. They released a video at 7 a.m. Tuesday about their bid.
Former Hazleton city councilman, mayor, and now U.S. member of congress, Lou Barletta is giving up their seat to run for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate.
Barletta, an ally of President Trump, was at Trump's side on Pennsylvania primary night last year.
"I like them personally. I think, you know, you can't beat a guy like that, honest, to me," said Joseph Dilmore of Scranton.
"I'm not fond of their political views. They are not aligned with mine and I certainly would not support them taking Senator Casey's seat," said John Morrow of Scranton.
If they are successful in capturing the Republican nomination, Barletta will likely face off against two-term incumbent Democrat Bob Casey of Scranton. The former Pennsylvania auditor general and treasurer was first elected to the Senate in 2006.
The Pennsylvania Democratic party wasted no time, issuing a statement just minutes after Barletta's announcement. It said, in part, Congressman Barletta is out of touch with Pennsylvania values.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Wholesale inventories rose as expected in August while sales at wholesalers posted the first gain after three consecutive months of decline, according to government data released on Wednesday.
The warehouse style of shopping is shown inside a Costco store in Carlsbad, California February 28, 2012. Costco will report earnings this week. REUTERS/ Mike Blake
Total wholesale inventories advanced 0.5 percent to $487.5 billion, the Commerce Department said. Year-over-year, inventories were up 5.3 percent from August 2011.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected stocks of unsold goods at U.S. wholesalers to rise 0.5 percent after advancing by 0.6 percent in July, which was revised down from a previously reported 0.7 percent gain.
“Despite the uptick in sales, companies want to stay cautious with their inventories, capital spending and hirings. They have slowed their pace of inventory accumulation,” said Yelena Shulyatyeva, U.S. economist at BNP Paribas in New York.
In August, automobile inventories were unchanged and computer equipment stocks fell 5.1 percent, while machinery increased 1.7 percent.
Inventories are a key element in the government's measure of changes in gross domestic product and can highlight underlying strength or weakness in U.S. growth, which notched a 1.3 percent annual pace in the second quarter.
“This might take a bit away from overall economic growth as companies want to stay cautious ahead of the Presidential election,” they said. Americans vote on November 6 and polls show President Barack Obama and their Republican challenger, Mitt Romney, tied in a close race for the White House.
However, other economists thought the data supported a slight improvement in the outlook for the third quarter, with Barclays in New York upping their tracking estimate of GDP by one tenth of a percentage point to a 2.1 percent annual pace.
The advance estimate of third-quarter U.S. GDP is due on October 26.
“Today's wholesale sector report offered an encouraging sign that demand is beginning to rebound,” said Barclays' Peter Newland, who also cited the better tone on sales.
Sales at wholesalers rose 0.9 percent, the first increase since April. Economists had expected sales to be up by 0.5 percent.
Sales gains in August were widespread, with furniture up by 1.1 percent and machinery advancing 0.5 percent. Petroleum sales rose 5.6 percent and auto sales were up by 2 percent.
At August's sales pace it would take 1.20 months to clear shelves, down slightly from 1.21 months in July.
VR ready PCs are expensive, and can only really power one headset at a time, making them a tough sell for many. But what if one PC could run not one but four VR headsets?
As impossible as that sounds, Nvidia is showcasing such a device at the GPU Technology Conference this week. The company is exhibiting a box that houses four of its Quadro P6000 GPUs which is linked to four HTC Vive Business Edition headsets. Each Quadro is also running a virtual machine on a server, allowing each VR users to act independently. Tracked with the same lighthouse stations, everyone wearing a headset can move around in the same space, creating multi-user local VR experiences.
In a blog post, Nvidia explained that its box had been optimized to minimize space, power and cooling, making the system portable and easy to deploy. Obviously multi-user VR comes with its own set of issues, like making sure users don't trip over each other's wires. Perhaps other technologies such as TPCast's wireless adapter for the VR headset could be beneficial here.
It's on display at GTC with a multi-user architecture, engineering and construction experience from MonsterVR, while Cavrnus will show it with a design, engineering, training and education app. NVIDIA's Kaye and Fred Devoir are also delivering a talk on how they developed the system at 10:30am PT today.
Obviously such a behemoth wouldn't be viable for the consumer market for years, but this could be a great way to get VR into more offices and educational facilities in the near future. Nvidia's itself suggested the kit could first go to amusement parks and arcades as well as be applied to military and manufacturing industries. To that end, the company is allowing others to apply for a design guide so that they can build their own systems, though not just anyone can get their hands on it.
Editor's note: This article was originally published on 29 April, 2016. It is being updated in light of Isro's successful launch of 104 satellites on Wednesday.
After India launched its own space shuttle on 23 May 2016, and Isro launched 20 satellites from Sriharikota in June 2016, the space research organisation launched 104 satellites on Wednesday.
Flashback to June 2016
Indian rocket Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) on 22 June, lifted off successfully with the country's earth observation satellite Cartosat, Google company Terra Bella's SkySat Gen2-1 and 18 other satellites from the Sriharikota spaceport in Andhra Pradesh.
The PSLV rocket standing 44.4 metres and weighing 320 tonnes, tore into the morning skies at 9.26 am, breaking free of the earth's gravitational pull. The 20 satellites weighed 1,288 kg.
Andhra Pradesh: ISRO launches record 20 satellites from Sriharikota pic.twitter.com/t5FnVjfzq4 — ANI (@ANI_news) June 22, 2016
The rocket's main cargo is India's 725.5 kg Cartosat-2 series satellite for earth observation. This satellite is similar to the earlier Cartosat-2, 2A and 2B.
The other 19 satellites weighing totally around 560 kg are from the US, Canada, Germany and Indonesia as well as one each from Chennai's Sathyabama University and College of Engineering, Pune.
The whole launch mission will be completed in around 26 minutes. Wednesday's mission is the first time Isro will be launching more than the 10 satellites with a single rocket.
For the first time, the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) launched a winged-flight vehicle, called the Reusable Launch Vehicle — Technology Demonstrator (RLV-TD) that can launch satellites, which will orbit around the Earth.
Also known as hypersonic flight experiment, the RLV-TD then glided back onto a virtual runway in the Bay of Bengal. What's interesting is that this can be considered India's own 'space shuttle': it can help with low cost, reliable and on-demand space access, according to Isro scientists.
ANI, on its Twitter feed, also included a video of the launch:
WATCH: India launches its first indigenous space shuttle, the RLV-TD from Sriharikota(Andhra Pradesh)https://t.co/G0SxiQbJgw — ANI (@ANI_news) May 23, 2016
The RLV-TD was a 6.5 m structure that weighed 1.75 tons (approx 1,600 kg) and resembled an aeroplane. It was elevated into the atmosphere on a special rocket booster.
India now has a constellation of its own — seven satellites that make up the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) that will work together to provide accurate services including terrestrial, aerial and marine navigation, mobile phone services, mapping and land surveying data, voice navigation for cars and disaster management.
The satellite launch, which took place on Thursday, was hailed by the prime minister as a "great gift to people from scientists", ANI quoted them as saying:
We will determine our own paths powered by our technology with this successful launch. Its a great gift to people:PM pic.twitter.com/sl989oZmu4 — ANI (@ANI_news) April 28, 2016 Dedicating this to Indian sailors & fishermen' courage of exploring the unexplored, it will be known as 'NAVIC'-PM pic.twitter.com/GyjuCGuApV
— ANI (@ANI_news) April 28, 2016
Dubbing the system as ‘Navic' (Navigation with Indian Constellation), Narendra Modi invited the Saarc nations to “navigate with Indian constellation” of satellites, reported The Financial Express and added that "this is an example of Make in India, made in India and made for Indians." According to the officials of Isro, the total cost of the project amounts to around Rs 1,420 crore.
So what will be the benefit of this satellite navigation (satnav) system?
In simple terms, such satnav systems are employed as a global positioning system. The Wire explains that these are "used the world over to accurately track and know the location and positioning of... pretty much anything with an appropriate receiver and transmitter on it." Our satnav system will be similar to the United States' GPS (which has 24 satellites) and to those of China, Europe and Russia, according to The Hindu.
We've all heard of space being the final frontier (with due credit to Captain James Tiberius Kirk). And it looks like the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) is taking its steps, slowly but surely, to the destination. Isro has launched 57 foreign satellites from 20 countries: Six from Singapore, including the 400 kg TeLEOS-1, the primary satellite, in September 2015, four American, one Canadian and one Indonesian satellite, along with India's Astrosat as the primary passenger.
The feathers in its proverbial hat, of course, are the missions Chandrayaan-1 and Mangalyaan, the Mars orbiter. According to Isro, the former, which is the country's first Lunar Exploration Mission, was a "high-resolution remote sensing of the moon in visible, near infrared (NIR), low energy X-rays and high-energy X-ray regions". But the key takeaway was that water was detected in the form of vapour in trace amounts. Chandrayaan also helped in the historical Mars Orbiter Mission.
Mangalyaan, the $74 million mission, that took place in September 2014, put India on the map making it the first country in the world to have successfully launched its mission to the Red Planet on the very first attempt and joining Europe, Russia and the United States in successfully sending probes to orbit Mars.
This helped Isro win the 2015 Space Pioneer Award presented by the National Space Society of the USA.
The Hindu BusinessLine reported that the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science and Technology, Environment and Forests recommended a 50 percent increase in Isro's annual budget, a necessary addition considering the organisation's efforts to join the global space market, which is valued at more than $200 billion and growing.
Space has never been this interesting before and Isro's future possible missions, such as the Chandrayaan-2 and even one to Venus, promise to get even any non-geek excited.
With inputs from PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Things may have gotten a little too real for these YouTube filmmakers.
When York University student Omar Albach assembled their cast — a young man dressed in Muslim garb and another pretending to be a Muslim-hater — the idea was simple: to gauge how average Canadians felt about Islam in the wake of several high-profile incidents.
Over and over again, the Muslim character was heckled loudly by the other character and told they couldn't get on the bus due to a terror threat.
And, over and over again, the young man's efforts to get bystanders on the hate train met with failure. At every turn, the 'hater' was scolded, yelled at, shamed — at one point, a man said, "I'm sorry, but this is a friend of mine. I'm with them too."
Finally, the actor took a punch in the face.
Canadians appeared to have no taste for the Islamaphobia they were peddling. What's more striking perhaps is the setting Omar Albach, who is of Palestinian descent, chose for their social experiment — Hamilton, Ont.
That's where the body of Nathan Cirillo was laid to rest this week in a moving ceremony that drew onlookers from across the country. The soldier was killed by a lone gunman while guarding the National War Memorial in Ottawa the week before. The suspected gunman, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, was quickly denounced by the prime minister as a terrorist.
One of the crew members, the young man pretending to hate on the ostensibly Muslim man, later identified themselves as Devin Giamou.
It seems, they felt the need to join the YouTube comment fray to clear things up.
"I'm the guy that got punched in the video, I thought I would clarify a couple things," they wrote in the video's comment section. "I'm not actually a racist asshole like I portrayed in this video. I knew the guy who played the part of the 'terrorist' and he's a cool guy who played their part very well."
Responses to their clarification range from correction — "Islam is not a race" — to approbation — "Please keep doing thought-provoking videos like this."
Posted on YouTube on Monday, the video has already been viewed more than 270,000 times. But this isn't Albach's first viral video. That distinction belongs to a video the 18-year-old produced in the summer, called "Hug A Terrorist."
Also on HuffPost
When new players are first introduced to competitive Melee they're often told that their first priority ought to be getting their tech skill down. Unfortunately, new players often misinterpret this advice and choose to learn how to multishine and cancel their Side-B's on Battlefield's platforms while they're blindfolded and wearing oven mitts rather than learning how to wavedash, L-Cancel, or SHFFL their aerials.
Keep in mind though that this isn't a spacie-specific phenomenon. Nowadays you can find first year Marth players that can consistently shield drop up-air the space on the platform you were obviously never going to occupy, new Sheik players that can throw out short hop needle turnaround AC Fairs out of a dash that will always get shield grabbed, and Ganon novices that can do jabs from a no-impact land off the ledge with frame perfect invincibility but have yet to realize that Ganon is bad.
The tech-grinders that main Samus, however, are perhaps the most damaged and sad individuals of the bunch. These are the folks who exclusively Super Wavedash during button checks, study the frame data of the extender, and sacrifice baby animals and/or virgins to an effigy of Phanna. Once the Samus main has gotten to the point that they define themselves by their technicality, then there is no more hope; they're lost souls. What they exemplify is the competitive gaming equivalent of the If You Give A Mouse A Cookie book series. You start off with giving them a cookie, they read up on SWD'ing a little bit and then decide to try to get just one. Then they decide they want to start hitting them consistently as well as picking-up techchasing with the extender. Before you know it you a terminal case of “Technical Samus Syndrome” on your hands, with technicality tumors that have metastasized to the brain, kidneys, and colon. It's quite a sad disease, really.
The high of executing obscure and essentially useless Samus tech feeds these obsessive junkies until they get put down permanently. The best method of euthanasia is usually a needle heavy Sheik, a well-spaced and methodical Jigglypuff, or parents that demand they get a job. In extremely rare circumstances, a select few of these individuals slip through the cracks due to the negligence of our society and community and become visible to players and viewers alike.
Because one of the symptoms of this debilitating illness is a compulsive need to shove useless Samus information into people's faces, and the fact that this article is co-authored by the preeminent technical Samus of 2016, Goomy, we are pleased to bring you five essential advanced techs for Samus. Take the time to learn and master these and you'll be well on your way to being your local community's resident bath salt addict.
5) Load Cancelling
To perform this technique, all one needs to do is charge a charge shot to exactly 148/149ths full, SuperWavedash, and then frame-perfectly release the charge shot to coincide with sliding off the stage. If you're in a position where you can SuperWavedash-chargeshot someone offstage and they see it coming, you can simply perform this fake-out maneuver and they will erroneously think you used your charge shot when you actually didn't! As if that weren't enough, you're also halfway to the blastzone and your opponent is back on stage, meaning you'll have dozens of seconds to think of the next useless 50/50 you can set up for next as you bomb jump back to stage. West Coast may play the player, but with this technique you can take your opponent's entire worldview and brutally facefuck it with the amount of pressure your mindgames exert.
4) Grab Cancelling, AKA “ZEOOrnn ZEOOrnn ZEOOrnn ZEOOrnn”
This technique is simple. On any stage that has a wall, such as Pokémon Stadium's rock transformation, simply stand directly in front of and facing the wall. From there, all you need to do is mash the Z-Button as though your life depends on it. If done correctly, you will cancel the start of the grab animation and no grab boxes will come out but the noise will still come out, allowing you to make the grapple noise very quickly. It is our humble opinion that this is the next frontier for Samus tech, as the utility of the grab cancel would allow for Pokémon Stadium to be a de facto counterpick for Samus players. Think about this— if HugS mastered this technique and could use it with a 100% success rate then they could utilize the obnoxious and seemingly unending droning of ‘ZEEOOrnn ZEEOOrnn” to put their competitors into a trance-like state, giving them the time to line up their charge shot and actually hit one for once.
3) Screw Cancelling
Watch out Fox, there's a new best character in town. Screw cancelling is an essential technique for any high-level Samus main, as it answers the age-old question of “What happens if I go up while going down?” The technique, while ostensibly simple, is a classic bait-and-switch. The way it works is that when the platform disappears below you, like on Randall or the PS Windmill, you up-B the frame before transitioning from platform to air, leaving behind a rotating yellow circle on your intrepid bounty hunter's character model.
To show the strength of this tech, let's imagine you're on the windmill and a Falco, let's say PPMD, is threatening to attack you from above. PP will be expecting the typical Samus maneuver in this situation, an ordinary Up-B, but the player who has practiced this exact same scenario at least twice in their bedroom will have the situational awareness to screw cancel instead. Flabbergasted by the fact that Samus looks like a stationary spinning Sonic the Hedgehog after collecting all the Chaos Emeralds whilst gaining no vertical momentum nor putting out a hitbox, PPMD will drop their controller and return to the mountains of North Carolina for the next five months to try to wrap their head around what they just saw. Meanwhile, you've already charged your charge shot to 148/149ths full and have flown off stage for no discernible reason.
2) SuperDoodleManSuperDaughterDashSuperWaveDash-Dancing
What is SuperDoodleManSuperDaughterDashSuperWaveDash-Dancing you ask? It's really quite elementary. It's simply Samus daughter dashing while transitioning from a grounded state to an airborne state using the (minimal) back-drift from the bomb animation to retain momentum from the initial daughter dash, all while staying in the bomb animation and landing on the frame their ECB is shifted upwards, which is done in order to get enough of a vertical shift to fly to the other platform, where all subsequent SDMSDDSWD-dances must be initiated on that same ECB-warping frame so that Samus can move rapidly between two platforms or ledges.
As you can see it's a very intuitive technique, and is one that can easily be used to outmaneuver your opponents. It does require about 15 frame-perfect inputs and transitions on the control stick over the course of 30 frames so you'll need to practice it for an hour or two, but if the Melee community allowed difficulty to get in the way of progress then we wouldn't have multishining Fox mains and everyone would have given up and died in the Apex 2015 venue, or something. Be the change that you want to see in the world Samus mains, and let it start with this technique.
1.) Stock Cancelling
The end-all-be-all of not just Samus techniques, but of all Melee tech. To the untrained eye this may just appear to be a glitch involving the terrible physics of the fire transformation's tree, but it's so much more than that. This is a glitch involving the terrible physics of the fire transformation's tree that is used purposefully to make your opponent feel bad. Fuck Ganon's up-tilt, fuck moonwalk knees, and fuck going Samus game 1 of losers finals, THIS is the alpha and omega of *in D1 voice* DIS-RE-SPECT in the 20xx era.
More to the point however, stock canceling is essentially what triggers the end of days for Melee. In the year 20ZEOOrnnZEOOrnn, everyone plays Samus. What started as a few players learning how to SuperDoodleManSuperDaughterDashSuperWaveDash-Dance turned into a mass exodus of overly-technical players from their previous characters to Samus. With their combined might and influence behind the scenes, the new-age Samuses changed the stage list to be Pokémon Stadium only, and what followed was the systematic purging of any and all non-Samus mains through banning of headphones, a max volume mandate for CRTs, and an endless chorus of “ZEOOrnn ZEOOrnn ZEOOrnn ZEOOrnn” throughout venues that led to one “Henderson, Kalindi” being checked into a mental institution. After everyone had either conformed or left, the remaining players collectively shot cancelled their load and instituted the final new rule— Melee tournaments are now speedrunning tournaments. Every set is based around who can cancel all 4 of their stocks on the Pokémon Stadium tree the fastest. Fuzzyness becomes the undisputed best player in the world.
If you are like Goomy and are infected/fascinated by the illness that is Technical Samus Syndrome, check out their tech skill video below:
_____
Follow me here for site updates and general buffoonery – @SSBM_Verbal
Consider disabling ad-block for this site and donating to the Bad Melee Patreon. This helps me not have to work 35 hours a week to maintain my illusion of graduating without significant debt
Fight the power
China pushing the envelope on science, and sometimes ethics
By John Pomfret
Washington Post Staff Writer
Monday, June 28, 2010; A01
SHENZHEN, CHINA -- Last year, Zhao Bowen was part of a team that cracked the genetic code of the cucumber. These days, he's probing the genetic basis for human IQ.
Zhao is 17.
Centuries after it led the world in technological prowess -- think gunpowder, irrigation and the printed word -- China has barged back into the ranks of the great powers in science. With the brashness of a teenager, in some cases literally, China's scientists and inventors are driving a resurgence in potentially world-changing research.
Unburdened by social and legal constraints common in the West, China's trailblazing scientists are also pushing the limits of ethics and principle as they create a new -- and to many, worrisome -- Wild West in the Far East.
A decade ago, no one considered China a scientific competitor. Its best and brightest agreed and fled China in a massive brain drain to university research labs at Harvard, Stanford and MIT.
But over the past five years, Western-educated scientists and gutsy entrepreneurs have conducted a rearguard action, battling China's hidebound bureaucracy to establish research institutes and companies. Those have lured home scores of Western-trained Chinese researchers dedicated to transforming the People's Republic of China into a scientific superpower.
"They have grown so fast and so suddenly that people are still skeptical," said Rasmus Nielsen, a geneticist at the University of California at Berkeley who collaborates with Chinese counterparts. "But we should get used to it. There is competition from China now, and it's really quite drastic how things have changed."
China has invested billions in improving its scientific standing. Almost every Chinese ministry has some sort of program to win a technological edge in everything from missiles to medicine. Beijing's minister of science and technology, Wan Gang, will visit the United States in early July and is expected to showcase some of China's successes.
In May, for example, a supercomputer produced in China was ranked the world's second-fastest machine at an international conference in Germany. China is now in fourth place, tied with Germany, in terms of the number of supercomputers. China has jumped to second place -- up from 14th in 1995 -- behind the United States in the number of research articles published in scientific and technical journals worldwide.
Backed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Chinese medical researchers, partnering with a firm in the United States, beat out an Indian team last year to develop a new test for cervical cancer that costs less than $5. The goal is to test 10 million Chinese women within three years.
Chinese engineers have significantly improved on Western and Soviet coal-gasification technology as part of a multibillion-dollar effort to create green Chinese energy.
"The action is here," said S. Ming Sung, the chief Asia-Pacific representative for the Clean Air Task Force, a U.S.-based nonprofit entity, and a former Shell Oil executive. "In the U.S., there are too many paper researchers. Here, they are doing things."
Meanwhile, Chinese military researchers appear to be on the cusp of a significant breakthrough: a land-based anti-ship ballistic missile that is causing concern within the U.S. Navy.
In 2007, Chinese geneticists discovered vast differences in the genetic makeup of Africans, Asians and Caucasians. They will soon report a breakthrough showing why some people -- such as Tibetans -- can live effortlessly at high altitudes while others can't.
There are challenges. China is still considered weak at innovation, and Chinese bureaucrats routinely mandate discoveries -- fantasy-world marching orders that Western scientists view as absurd.
In 2008, the Ministry of Science and Technology gave researchers two years to come up with 30 medicines ready for clinical trials and only five days to apply for grants to fund the work. That's despite the fact that since the communist revolution in 1949, China has developed only one internationally recognized drug -- Artemisinin -- to fight malaria.
Chinese science and technology is also awash in scams and sometimes-troubling practices. More than 200 institutions in China practice controversial stem cell therapies for people suffering from injuries, diseases or birth defects. Although the government moved last year to regulate the industry, none of the techniques has been subjected to rigorous clinical trials.
China is also the leading source of what are known as "junk" patents -- ridiculous claims of "inventions" that are little more than snake-oil scams.
"This discovery is going to shake the world!" bellowed Liu Jian, chief executive of Hualong Fertilizer Technique Co. Liu says they have developed a method to reduce fertilizer use by half through the use of nanotechnology, although officials at the Agriculture Ministry mock the claim. "Will you help us raise some capital?" Liu asked in an interview.
Finally, plagiarism and doctored results seem to be as common as chopsticks. A study by Wuhan University uncovered an entire industry of bogus report and thesis writers who raked in $145 million last year, a fivefold increase since 2007.
The emergence of China as a nascent scientific superpower raises questions about the U.S. relationship with Beijing. Ever since the United States opened the door to Chinese students in the 1970s, hundreds of thousands have flocked to America. Most have studied science or engineering and have been welcomed in research institutions across the land. But with China becoming a competitor, U.S. experts have begun to question that practice.
FBI officials allege that there is a large-scale operation in the United States to pilfer American industrial, scientific, technological and military secrets. In the past few years, dozens of Chinese have been convicted of stealing American technology and shipping it to China.
"The science and technology relationship with China has always stood up against all kinds of political pressures," said Richard P. Suttmeier, who has researched China's rise for the National Science Foundation. "Now that you have competition going on, finding the basis for cooperation in the absence of trust is an issue. It goes to questions of espionage and a hunger for technology."
That hunger is evident in the halls of BGI, home to Zhao Bowen and more than 1,500 other Chinese scientists and technicians. Located in an industrial zone in the southern Chinese megalopolis of Shenzhen, BGI has grown into one of the world's leading genomics institutes devoted to deciphering the genetic blueprint of organisms.
Over the past few years, scientists at BGI sequenced the genes of a chicken, a silkworm, a panda, a strain of rice and 4,000-year-old human remains from Greenland.
In January, BGI made the biggest purchase of genome sequencing equipment ever, buying 128 ultra-high-tech machines from California-based Illumina. With that one acquisition, BGI could very well surpass the entire gene-sequencing output of the United States.
Inside the 11-story facility, the vibe is pure Silicon Valley start-up: shorts, flip-flops, ankle bracelets, designer eyewear and a random tattoo. Zhao came to BGI on a summer internship last year to work on cucumbers. Now a full-time employee while continuing their studies, Zhao is turning their attention to a topic Western researchers have shied away from because of ethical worries: Zhao plans to study the genes of 1,000 of their best-performing classmates at a top high school in Beijing and compare them, they said, "with 1,000 normal kids."
BGI's secret -- and the secret to a lot of China's best scientific institutes -- seems to be insulating itself from China's government bureaucracy. BGI started as the Beijing Genomics Institute in the early 2000s but left Beijing in 2007 after the Ministry of Science and Technology tried to dictate what it could and could not study.
The Shenzhen city government offered it millions of dollars in grants and operating expenses to move south. Last year, BGI received a $1.5 billion line of credit from the China Development Bank.
"We came here because it was the best place for us to pursue science," said Yang Huanming, the institute's founder. "We're not interested in politics."
By far, China's most successful research institution is the National Institute for Biological Sciences, known as NIBS, which is responsible for half of the peer-reviewed publications in China. The institute's 23 principal investigators, its director and deputy director are all returnees from the United States. It's also the only major research institute in China that does not have a Communist Party secretary.
Luo Minmin, 37, a neurobiologist, returned to China six years ago after getting their PhD from the University of Pennsylvania and completing a postdoctoral research stint at Duke. Luo said they have a big budget at NIBS and greater research freedom than they would have in the United States. He's studying a gene involved in attention-deficit disorder.
"If I had stayed in America, the chances of making a discovery would have been lower," they said. "Here, people are willing to take risks. They give you money, and essentially you can do whatever you want."
© 2010 The Washington Post Company
Premiere:
Special Explosion
‘To Infinity'
~
words by tom johnson
I've never been to the Pacific North West but I've often felt it. It's hard not to, especially if you paid any attention to indie rock over the past couple of decades. An unboundaried area of the United States, nestled loosely between the Pacific Ocean and the Cascadia Mountains, the area has long been an musical sanctuary of-sorts, the lie of the land, the magic of the coast and mountains, lending influence first to traditional folk music and latterly to grunge and various alternative strands. More than the pocket of scenes that crop up in cities, the influence of the PNW is something different, more intangible and poetic, great waves of weather slowly reshaping the landscape over great passages of time.
Special Explosion, returning this week with their first new record in nearly four years, are one such band, their music indelibly shaped by the both the PNW and the bands that came before them. You can hear it beautifully, strikingly, on their bold new ‘To Infinity' LP; in the space between the words, the roughness and the tenderness; in the the peaks and troughs, the hidden and the shaded corners that offer some respite.
Streaming in full below, a day ahead of its full release on Topshelf Records, their new work is both immediate and immediately powerful, taking its place among the upper echelons of 2017 releases, no mean feat given that it nearly didn't make it at all. Recorded over the four painstaking, rocky years that they've been away, in various locations from their own homes to Modest Mouses's Ice Cream Party studio, its creation coincided with personal fallout and deliberation, the band ceasing to function before they gathered up the reigns once more.
The result, even with such fresh eyes and ears, presents itself as detailed and impassioned masterpiece, the sprawling threads of influence – musically, personally, or otherwise – stitched in to something robust but weightily heartfelt; ‘tears that fall like rain on a sunny day,' as they eloquently put it on the tender ‘Waterfalls'; the desire to be a little bit warmer than last year, a little better than the typical weather.
And so here they are: ten stirring, passionate, mountainous compositions that nearly didn't make it but now enter the world, shaped by the lives that lived through them and the billowing weather that will carry them far further than the little pocket of land that continues to brood influence and endeavour; To Infinity, and far, far beyond.
﻿To Infinity by Special Explosion
‘To Infinity' is released tomorrow, December 14th, via Topshelf Records
Pre-order it here
~
facebook.com/specialexplosion
*
The word kilt comes from the Scots word kilt, which means "to tuck up the clothes around the body." The Scots word derives from the Old Norse word kjalta, from Norse settlers who wore a similar, non-tartan pleated garment.
The history of the kilt goes back to the end of the 16th century. The kilt is an item of traditional Scottish highland dress. In the early 19th century, the highland kilt was adopted by Lowlanders and the Scottish Diaspora as a symbol of national identity. People from many countries with Celtic ancestors wear kilts. The original kilt (the great kilt) was a full length garment that featured the upper-half as a cloak that was draped over the shoulder or worn over the head as a cloak. The walking kilt (or small kilt) did not come into play until the late 17th or early 18th century and was basically, the bottom half of the great kilt.
Just this week, in West Haven, Utah, principal Craig Jessop at Rocky Mountain Junior High informed 14-year old Gavin McFarland, who comes from Scottish heritage, that the kilt they had worn twice in the past two weeks as a prop for an art project was inappropriate and could be "misconstrued as cross-dressing." The Weber School District later made the principal apologize to McFarland.
It's a relief to see that the Weber School District stepped up and sided with Gavin, who was wearing attire that is important to their Scottish roots. Regardless of whether they were crossdressing or not, I don't see why a student would be told that was inappropriate attire. I wonder if girls wear pants at Rocky Mountain Junior High? If they do, I highly doubt that would be considered crossdressing. What IF a boy showed up wearing a dress to school? Do you think that there is a double standard when it comes to what society considers "appropriate" in terms of gender attire?
Featured image: The last of the Kawahiva are forced to live on the run. Still image from unique footage taken by government agents during a chance encounter. © FUNAI
by Survival International
Survival International has learned that politicians from a notoriously violent town in Brazil are lobbying behind the scenes to open up the territory of a vulnerable uncontacted tribe.
Councilors from Colniza in central Brazil, which is dominated by illegal logging and ranching and for years was Brazil's most violent town, have met the Minister of Justice to lobby for the Rio Pardo indigenous territory to be drastically reduced in size. The minister is reportedly sympathetic to the councilors' proposals.
Their plan is for road-builders, loggers, ranchers and soya farmers to move in, despite the territory being home to the last of the Kawahiva tribe, one of the most vulnerable peoples on the planet.
The Kawahiva depend entirely on the rainforest for survival, and have been on the run from loggers and other invaders for years.
The Rio Pardo territory was only recognized in 2016, following a global campaign by Survival International and pressure within Brazil.
Thousands of Survival supporters contacted the then-Minister of Justice demanding action. Oscar-winning actor and Survival ambassador Sir Mark Rylance fronted a major media push, culminating in the signing of the decree that should have secured the Indians' territory for good.
Now, however, vested interests in the region could undo much of that progress.
Survival's Director Stephen Corry said: “Brazil must respect the rights of its tribal peoples. Uncontacted peoples, like the Kawahiva, clearly want to be left alone and to live as they please. But Brazil's current leaders are holding closed-door meetings with corrupt politicians, and kowtowing to the agribusiness lobby, expressly to deny them that right. The stakes could not be higher – entire peoples are facing genocide as a result of this callous approach.”
Background briefing
The Kawahiva are hunter-gatherers, who migrate from camp to camp through the Rio Pardo rainforest.
Roads, ranches and logging all risk exposing them to violence from outsiders who steal their lands and resources, and to diseases like flu and measles to which they have no resistance.
All uncontacted tribal peoples face catastrophe unless their land is protected. Survival International is leading the global fight to secure their land for them, and to give them the chance to determine their own futures.
The current Brazilian government is attempting to roll back decades of gradual progress in the recognition of indigenous peoples' rights in the country. The Minister of Justice recently said: “Enough of all this talk of land [demarcation] – land doesn't fill anyone's stomach.” And the new head of Indigenous Affairs Department FUNAI has said “Indians can't be ‘fixed in time.'”
An aftershow is planned to follow the Pretty Little Liars series finale.
Freeform is planning an aftershow for their Pretty Little Liars series finale in 2017.
The announcement came from the network today, and here is the press release:
FREEFORM SAYS FAREWELL TO ‘PRETTY LITTLE LIARS' WITH AN EXCLUSIVE ONE-HOUR TELL-ALL FOLLOWING THE SERIES FINALE
The Series Finale and Tell-All will be a Three-Hour Television Event
The Tell-All Will Feature Troian Bellisario, Ashley Benson, Lucy Hale, Shay Mitchell and Sasha Pieterse, along with Executive Producer I. Marlene King
Immediately following the highly anticipated two-hour finale episode of the fan favorite series, “Pretty Little Liars” stars Troian Bellisario, Ashley Benson, Lucy Hale, Shay Mitchell and Sasha Pieterse, as well as executive producer I. Marlene King, will sit down for an hour long unbarred and uncensored tell-all after show to discuss all of the series' tightly held secrets, behind-the-scenes insights, and top moments, Freeform announced today.
The tell-all, which will premiere immediately after the two-hour series finale, will allow viewers the chance to digest all the drama that happened in the finale alongside the main cast and I. Marlene King. Burning fan questions will be asked and answered, and the audience will get the all the scoop on the ins and outs of A.D. and the #PLLEndGame. The aftershow will serve as a retrospective celebration of the past seven seasons and as a way for the #PLLSquad to say goodbye to the beloved drama.
It was announced in August that the final 10 episodes will air in April 2017. Season seven will continue to be filled with homecomings and reunions, bringing back old characters as it has already done in the first half of the season, including Wren Kingston (Julian Morris), Pastor Ted Wilson (Edward Kerr), Jenna Marshall (Tammin Sursok), Paige McCullers (Lindsey Shaw) and Sydney Driscoll (Chloe Bridges). A #PLLWedding for one of the Liars is also in store for the latter half of the season.
“Pretty Little Liars” is produced by Alloy Entertainment in association with Warner Horizon Television and is executive produced by I. Marlene King, Charlie Craig, Joseph Dougherty, Oliver Goldstick and Leslie Morgenstein. The series stars Troian Bellisario, Ashley Benson, Tyler Blackburn, Lucy Hale, Ian Harding, Shay Mitchell, Andrea Parker, Janel Parrish and Sasha Pieterse.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - All hospitals in Syria's besieged rebel-held eastern Aleppo are out of service after days of heavy air strikes, its health directorate and the World Health Organization (WHO) said, though a war monitor said some were still functioning.
White House national security adviser Susan Rice said the United States condemned “in the strongest terms” the latest air strikes against hospitals and urged Russia, an ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, to take steps to halt the violence.
Intense air strikes have battered the eastern part of the city since Tuesday, when the Syrian army and its allies resumed operations after a pause lasting weeks. They launched ground attacks against insurgent positions on Friday.
The war monitor, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said 48 people, including at least five children, had been killed in eastern Aleppo on Saturday by dozens of air strikes and barrel bombs and dozens of artillery rounds.
That brings the number of people killed by the increased bombardment of Aleppo and the surrounding countryside over the past five days to about 180, including 97 in the city's besieged eastern sector, the observatory added.
Warplanes, artillery and helicopters continued bombarding eastern Aleppo on Saturday, hitting many of its densely populated residential districts, the Observatory said. There were intense clashes in the Bustan al-Basha district, it added.
“This destruction of infrastructure essential to life leaves the besieged, resolute people, including all children and elderly men and women, without any health facilities offering life-saving treatment ... leaving them to die,” said Aleppo's health directorate in a statement sent to Reuters late on Friday by an opposition official.
Related Coverage U.S. demands immediate end to bombings of hospitals in Aleppo
Elizabeth Hoff, the WHO representative in Syria, said on Saturday that a U.N.-led group of aid agencies based over the border in Turkey “confirmed today that all hospitals in eastern Aleppo are out of service”.
“SICKENING”
The monitoring group said some hospitals were still operating in besieged parts of Aleppo but said many residents were frightened to use them because of the heavy shelling.
Medical sources, residents and rebels in eastern Aleppo say hospitals have been damaged by air strikes and helicopter barrel bombs in recent days, including direct hits on the buildings.
“The United States again joins our partners ... in demanding the immediate cessation of these bombardments and calling on Russia to immediately deescalate violence and facilitate humanitarian aid and access for the Syrian people,” Rice said in a statement.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson tweeted that reports of air strikes hitting civilians and hospitals in east Aleppo were “sickening” and called for a return to diplomacy.
However, with the United States awaiting the inauguration in late January of President-elect Donald Trump, who has been critical of Washington's Syria policy without laying out detailed plans himself, diplomatic efforts appear stalled.
A still image taken from a video posted on social media said to be shot on November 14, 2016, shows the damage inside a hospital, said to be in the rebel-held town of Atareb in the countryside west of Aleppo, Syria.Social Media
Staffan De Mistura, the special envoy of the U.N. secretary general, is likely to meet Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moalem in Damascus on Sunday after recent talks in Turkey and Iran, another diplomat said.
“He will push on Aleppo, perhaps on a ceasefire, but on the political file there won't be anything until (U.N. Secretary- General Ban Ki-moon's successor Antonio) Guterres is in office, the diplomat said.
DENIAL
Both Russia and Assad's government have denied deliberately targeting hospitals and other civilian infrastructure during the war, which began in 2011 and was joined by Russia's air force in September 2015.
Russia unilaterally called a ceasefire in late October and said on Saturday it was now only striking against groups that are not also observing it. Rebel groups in Aleppo have all said they do not recognize the Russian ceasefire.
The charity Doctors Without Borders said in a message there had been more than 30 hits on hospitals in eastern Aleppo since early July. “Doctors are few and medical supplies are depleted, with no possibility of sending more supplies in,” it said.
Health and rescue workers have previously been able to bring damaged hospitals back into operation but a lack of supplies is making that harder.
The Syrian war pits Assad and their allies Russia, Iran and Shi'ite militias against Sunni rebels including groups supported by the United States, Turkey and the Gulf monarchies and also jihadist groups.
Syringes lie inside a damaged hospital after an airstrike on the rebel-held town of Atareb, in the countryside west of Aleppo, Syria November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
Aleppo, for years split between a rebel-held east and government-held western sector, has become the fiercest front.
An army offensive backed by a major aerial bombardment from late September to late October killed hundreds, according to the United Nations, and tightened the siege, leaving eastern Aleppo with little food, medicine or fuel.
A rebel counter-attack early this month involved shelling that killed dozens of civilians, the U.N. said, but it quickly petered out and the army and its allies, including Hezbollah and Iraqi militias, reversed all insurgent gains in about two weeks.
Syrian state television said on Tuesday the air force had targeted “terrorist strongholds and supply depots” in Aleppo. Russia has said its air force is only conducting air strikes in other parts of Syria. The Damascus government describes all the rebels fighting it as terrorists.
Welcome to Episode 65 of Speculate! The Podcast for Writers, Readers and Fans. In this episode we kick off 2013 with an interview of author Howard Andrew Jones, who writes both original world novels and books set in Paizo‘s Pathfinder universe, adding to our ever-growing list of speculative fiction authors who enjoy gaming almost as much as they enjoy writing! We cover the influences on Howard's work (including an abiding interest in 1,001 Arabian Nights), their fascination with the short story writer and novelist Harold Lamb, and the differences between writing an original world book like The Bones of the Old Ones and a shared world book like Plague of Shadows. If you like what you hear, don't forget to check back for our next episode when we'll again talk about the state of the field, this time with authors Michael Stackpole and Matt Forbeck. Until then, thanks as always for listening, and please continue to spread the word!
Note: As you'll hear at the end of this episode, nominations are now open for the 2013 Hugos, and Speculate is eligible in the Best Fancast category. Needless to say we'd be super-excited to be nominated for a Hugo (to say nothing of winning one), largely because it would give us the ability to speak to that many more listeners every show, and if you feel like the show deserves some recognition, please consider voting for Speculate. The nomination form and rules can be found at the LoneStarCon3 Hugo Nomination page–and if you do decide to vote for our show, thanks!
Like this: Like Loading...
The fever started from the announcement from KeSPA(Korean eSports Association) that they won't participate in GSL Season 4 and are not sure about future GSL participation. The announcement shocked many people include GOM TV – the host of GSL, ESF – e-Sports Federation, Blizzard Korea and for the most fans. It happened 2 months after Blizzard, KeSPA, GOM TV is held the day of vision declaration to cooperate developing Korean e-Sports.
ESF, mainly consists of GSL Starcraft2 players and staffs, immediately announced that they won't participate in OSL – Ongamenet Starleague until KeSPA makes sure about future GSL participation.
KeSPA adjusted their announcement by joining GSL from Season 5 after ESF's announcement. However, ESF did not change its previous stance because KeSPA still did not make clear about the future GSL participation.
Finally, the incident concluded by KeSPA. They announced that they will join GSL Season 4 and handed-in the list of players who will play for GSL.
Fans are very disappointed about KeSPA and Ongamenet. However, the most disappointment comes from Blizzard Korea. It seems they had absolutely no idea what is going on until the incident came up even though they are the mediator of all.
The Los Angeles City Council voted unanimously this week to award $3.8 million to a white city parks worker who alleged they suffered years of abuse and discrimination at the hands of their Latino boss.
A former gardener with the Department of Parks and Recreation for almost 20 years, James Duffy sued the city in 2011 for discrimination, harassment and retaliation based on race and disability. A jury ruled in favor of Duffy in 2014, and the California state appeals court affirmed the decision this summer.
According to court documents filed by Duffy's attorney, the discrimination began in 2001 when Duffy was assigned a new supervisor, senior park maintenance supervisor Abel Perez. Perez allegedly began harassing Duffy and making racist remarks, including "I hate white people," the documents show.
Duffy also alleged they were routinely tasked with completing sizable maintenance tasks without any help, while Latino gardeners were provided two assistants, and claimed that they were passed over for promotions by Perez in favor of Latino workers.
The lawsuit also states that in 2004, Duffy slipped and fell on wet cement while on the job, compounding a previous head injury sustained decades earlier. The fall allegedly caused cognitive issues including delayed speech and short term memory loss. Their supervisor used this incident to their advantage, Duffy said, by claiming Duffy forgot to complete assignments they were never given.
In an incident later that year, Duffy reported Perez after they were seen taking Duffy's tools from their assigned park. When confronted by their supervisor, Perez "just laughed," according to court documents.
Duffy filed a grievance against Perez in 2005, alleging that their supervisor had used "abusive language" against them during two disciplinary discussions. Perez received a warning from their supervisor that their disciplinary measures were inappropriate, and was reassigned to another district in August 2006, though they still served as an indirect supervisor to Duffy.
Between 2008 and their retirement in 2010, Duffy alleged Perez harassed them several times a week by shouting derogatory terms as they drove past their assigned parks, said they hated "all white people," twice threatened them with physical harm, and threatened to kill Duffy if they reported them to their superiors, court documents stated.
After several additional disciplinary meetings and negative job performance reviews, Duffy tendered their "involuntary resignation," and enrolled in the city's early retirement program in March 2010. In the lawsuit filed against the city in February 2011, Duffy claimed their supervisors "constructively terminated their employment by forcing them to retire."
The city appealed the 2014 jury decision, claiming Duffy's lawsuit violated the terms of their severance package, but the verdict was upheld by the state appeals court.
Duffy's attorney told the Los Angeles Times that their client now looks forward to moving past the case.
See also: Massive gas leak in Los Angeles finally plugged after 16 weeks
"Our client went through an awful lot of harassment and retaliation.… No one should be treated like that, regardless of your color," Carney Shegerian said. "We're real happy for Jim Duffy and I'm glad he's going to be able to put this behind them pretty soon."
Perez, meanwhile, remains employed with the city and has not commented on the settlement, though they previously denied any allegations of discrimination against Duffy.
Neither the Los Angeles City Attorney's office nor Shegerian responded to Mashable's requests for comment in time for publication.
Polls can be confusing – but US data editor Mona Chalabi advises if you choose to pay attention, focus on when it was conducted, not when it was published
Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton now has an 11-percentage-point lead over their Republican opponent Donald Trump, according to a poll released by PRRI and the Atlantic on Tuesday. If that weren't already reason enough for Trump supporters to worry, a poll from NBC and the Wall Street Journal released on Monday put Clinton's lead at 14 percentage points. But why the difference in numbers?
If you want to follow polls in the 28 remaining days before the US votes, I strongly recommend you ignore the date that the poll was published – and focus instead on the dates that the poll was conducted. That PRRI/Atlantic poll was based on landline and cellphone interviews that took place on 5-9 October while the data for the NBC/WSJ poll was gathered on 8-9 October.
Those dates are potentially significant given that on 8 October, a 2005 recording was released of Trump saying that, thanks to their fame, they were able to grab women “by the pussy”.
It's highly likely that a larger proportion of respondents were interviewed after the Trump recording was made public in the NBC/WSJ poll compared with the PRRI/Atlantic poll. That could mean a 14-percentage-point lead is a more accurate indication of Clinton's current position in the race.
But the crucial question is whether Clinton's lead is temporary or permanent. We'll need to keep an eye on numbers in the days ahead to understand that.
In the meantime, though, it's worth looking beyond the horserace numbers that appear at the top of the survey and digging a little further. In the PRRI/Atlantic poll, I was curious about a question that provided the statement: “These days society seems to punish men just for acting like men” – 36% of respondents agreed. Another 41% agreed with the statement: “Society as a whole has become too soft and feminine.” Those attitudes could provide useful information for understanding why voters might support their respective candidates.
The UK government intends to replace the Human Rights Act with a new ‘British bill of rights'. However, any change to existing human rights law promises to be a complex and difficult project. On March 7 Dr Jeff King, Senior Lecturer at UCL Faculty of Law, explored the current state of play and considered the past, present and future of the HRA. Laëtitia Nakache reports.
After the 2015 general election David Cameron said that the repeal of Human Rights Act (HRA) would be brought forward rapidly. The Conservative party had pledged in their 2015 manifesto to abolish the HRA and replace it with a British bill of rights, in order to ‘break the formal link between British courts and the European Court of Human Rights, and make our [the UK] Supreme Court the ultimate arbiter of human rights matters in the UK.' Since then the government's plan to scrap the HRA has been delayed a number of times, with the consultation on the proposed British bill of rights now not expected to be published until after the EU referendum. In this political climate, Dr Jeff King came to the Constitution Unit on March 7 to discuss the past, present and future of human rights law in the UK.
The past: genesis, aims and impact of the HRA
The United Kingdom acceded to the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR) in March 1951. Though it was obliged under Article 46 to give effect to judgments of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), it was not until the 1960s that British citizens were able to bring claims in the Strasbourg court. Since then, the evolution of the UK law has been influenced by the Strasbourg jurisprudence and by 1998 a broad political consensus existed that UK involvement in the Strasbourg system was politically desirable.
The HRA received royal assent in November 1998, and (mostly) came into force in October 2000. It was introduced for the stated purpose of securing better enforcement of ECHR rights within UK law. The HRA incorporated into UK law the rights contained in the ECHR and made a remedy for breach of Convention rights available in the UK courts, without the need to go to the ECtHR. Many supporters of the Act also viewed it as a mechanism for plugging gaps in the UK's hitherto rather limited, mostly common law-based, system of rights protection.
The HRA was meant to compensate for two unjust states of affairs. Firstly, there were serious procedural problems for the citizens in the UK. ‘It [took] on average five years to get an action into the European Court of Human Rights once all domestic remedies have been exhausted; and it [cost] an average of £30,000. Bringing these rights home will mean that the British people will be able to argue for their rights in the British courts – without this inordinate delay and cost.' (Home Office, Rights Brought Home: The Human Rights Bill). Secondly, there was a belief that allowing UK judges to apply the Convention would introduce a culture of rights in the UK.
Dr King argued that the academic debate regarding the impact of the HRA is generally between three different groups. The first thinks that it has had no real impact; the second group considers that it is a regrettable departure from constitutional orthodoxy — a retreat from the idea that parliament should be sovereign; the third group, which is the most dominant view, thinks that the HRA is not perfect or revolutionary but has had some positive impact and is a worthwhile if not substantial improvement of the legal protection of human rights in the UK.
To understand the impact of the HRA on government and administration, Dr King referred to the report of the Human Rights Inquiry, conducted by the Equality and Human Rights Commission and published in June 2009. This study underlines that ‘engagement with human rights has clear benefits for public services'. It assesses that the HRA has been taken seriously by the administration, including the NHS and the police force for example. While the results may be disputed, no empirical study of comparable or even any modest scope has suggested otherwise.
Dr King argued that the HRA has had slightly ambiguous consequences for UK courts. When the HRA had been passed, the first concern was that the UK courts would be swamped by cases. Evidence points in varying directions here. According to Varda Bondy's early study, The Impact of the Human Rights Act on Judicial review : An empirical Study, ‘there is little evidence that the introduction of the Human Rights Act has led to a significant increase in the use of the judicial review'. In fact the HRA has not led to a major increase in judicial review success as it is most often being used to supplement established grounds for judicial review in cases that would have been pursued in any event prior to the introduction of the HRA. Adding important nuance to this conclusion, in The Impact of the Human Rights Act on the House of Lords, Sangeeta Shah and Thomas Poole underlined the low win rate for human rights cases. Only one in three of these cases win in the House of Lords (today, the Supreme Court). ‘It seems that while the Lords are more willing to hear human rights cases than other types of case, they are more inclined to dismiss them than the other cases they hear'. Yet the data presented by Shah and Poole show that the caseload of the Supreme Court has shifted substantially towards hearing human rights cases in the first ten years of its introduction.
From a different perspective, the impact of the HRA regime of judicial rights review on parliament has been fairly light. If we look at the number of declarations of incompatibility, the rate is quite low in the UK in comparison to France, Canada or Germany.
This means that parliamentary business is disrupted very infrequently by the need to respond to judicially declarations of incompatibility under the HRA. The major disruption occurred after the famous Belmarsh Prisoners case (A and others v Secretary of State for the Home Deparatment [2004] UKHL 56) which led to the introduction of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 2005 in short order. The main complaint in parliament at the time was that it was unduly rushed through. As to substance, King argues that most changes created by judicial review of legislation under section 4 have been considered low profile in parliament. There have been very few references to the decisions of the UK courts under the Human Rights Act 1998 (a quite different attitude prevails vis a vis the Strasbourg Court).
The present: controversy around the HRA
From the mid-2000s onwards, the HRA became increasingly controversial. Initially criticisms focused upon the Act itself — but soon the ECtHR became the target of attacks. The Strasbourg court has been accused of placing too much importance on European affairs, in a way not foreseen when the Convention was adopted (Lord Sumption, for instance, argues that it was initially viewed as a ‘charter against despotism' and not as a ‘bill of rights for Europe'). This alleged stretching of the functions has been a significant concern. The court has also been accused of being too ‘activist'. This led in 2012 to the adoption by a conference of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe of the Brighton Declaration. It was an attempt to ensure, while generally affirming the ECHR's role, that the principle of subsidiarity was reflected in the ECtHR system (see Part B of the Declaration).
The sources of controversy are multiple. Firstly, the media has often portrayed the ECHR as an unfair tool providing too much protection to terrorists and making judicial proceedings ineffective. Secondly, sections 3 and 4 (duty to interpret in a compatible way and the declaration of incompatibility) have been seen as affecting the legislative supremacy of parliament. Thirdly, section 2 (the duty of national courts to ‘take into account' the decisions of the Strasbourg court) is sometimes perceived as making the Strasbourg court dominant over the UK courts. In fact, that the Courts have to ‘take into account' ECtHR jurisprudence does not necessarily mean they must follow every decision adopted by the European court. Dr King referred to the judgment of Lord Neuberger in Manchester City Council v Pinnock that ‘the Court is not bound to follow every decision of the European Court. Not only would it be impractical to do so: it would sometimes be inappropriate, as it would destroy the ability of the court to engage in the constructive dialogue with the European Court which is of value to the development of Convention law'. The final source of controversy is the concept of the ‘living instrument', or ‘living tree' or ‘evolutive interpretation.' It is an approach to interpretation adopted by the Strasbourg court which enables it to interpret the Convention in the light of present day conditions and therefore reflect changing social attitudes and changes in the circumstances of society. Dr King argued that while their mode of interpretation is controversial for some, it is widespread throughout the world to the point that its main competing doctrine of interpretation, ‘originalism', is considered by most legal scholars to be a peculiar feature of the American neo-conservative right and its representatives on the bench and in the academy.
The future: the Conservative Party proposals
In the final part of the talk Dr King spoke about the Conservative Party's proposals, which appear in their report ‘Protecting Human Rights in the UK. The Conservatives' Proposals for Changing Britain's Human Rights Laws'.
The main objective of the proposals is to ‘to break the formal link with the European Court of Strasbourg'. For Dr King withdrawal from the ECHR is not realistic, even if in theory it is on the table as a ‘nuclear option'. In their opinion ‘there is no plan to take the UK out of the Convention, but if they can't negotiate a satisfactory relationship they are intimating that this is what will happen'.
There are a few possible options for reform which would enable the UK to remain in the ECHR: To cancel any section 2 duty to have regard to Strasbourg jurisprudence; to weaken the section 3 duty to intepret legislation so far as possible in a way compatible with the rights laid down in the ECHR, such that it adds little to the common law obligation; to remove the section 4 power to issue declarations of incompatibility and follow the New Zealand or Australian model; to restrict the application of the British bill of rights to private parties by not including the power under section 6 of the HRA to apply rights protection against institutions ‘performing functions of public nature'; to ‘rebalance' rights by tinkering with the language to emphasise responsibilities; to limit territorial scope to the UK; to restrict subject-matter to ‘the most serious cases'.
Dr King chose to concentrate their critique on the first proposal – that is, the removal of section 2. They argued that breaking the ‘formal link' would be counterproductive. ‘If the aim is to prevent the influence of Strasbourg Court judges over UK domestic politics, it would be a foolish thing to deprive the Strasbourg Court of the reasoning of the UK judges', they said. The chances of success for the UK in Strasbourg are greater if UK judges scrutinise the state's arguments in UK courts, with Convention-rights terms and with due consideration of Strasbourg jurisprudence, before the issue travels to Strasbourg for consideration there. In the past the Strasbourg court has not only adopted the reasoning of the UK courts, but in doing so it has explicitly rowed back from its own jurisprudence. The decision Animal Defenders International v The United Kingdom by the ECtHR is a very good illustration, and other preliminary research suggests the effect of UK court consideration is substantial on Strasbourg judgments. A British bill of rights that acted as a substitute for the Human Rights Act 1998 would have destroyed that dialogue. Indeed, there is a general decline in the number of adverse judgments of the ECtHR against the UK and a trend towards the Strasbourg court using the reasoning of UK judges in its decisions. The chart below, drawing from data on adverse judgments collated by Dr Alice Donald from ECtHR annual reports, demonstrates a pronounced downward trend. While further research is required to establish any causation, the trend is consistent with the point made here as well as by judges of the ECtHR. Therefore, on the evidence seen so far, the repeal of section 2 would be irrational given the Conservative Party's current aims.
About the speaker
Dr Jeff King is a Senior Lecturer in the Faculty of Laws at UCL.
About the author
Laëtitia Nakache was a Research Volunteer at the Constitution Unit from January to April 2016.
GUEST:
Today, I brought a Rolex watch that I purchased in 1973. And I purchased the watch because I was flying. I was a private pilot. I've been a private pilot since I was 20 years old. And what I was doing, I was finding sites for a national restaurant chain in South Dakota and Nebraska. I bought the watch hoping it would help with navigation, basically, because you can check a measured mile by the number of seconds it takes to go across the measured miles, and it gives you your ground speed, so it helps you with your navigation, so to speak.
APPRAISER:
What you brought here today is a Rolex Daytona, and it's a triple register chronograph. Three register. Here are the buttons for functioning. And this particular one is in a solid gold case with the black enamel bezel. And these watches were mainly used by people such as yourself: pilots, racecar drivers, anything to do with timing, functioning, such as you did with the land survey. This particular model of Rolex Daytona is the reference number 6263. This is also known as the Paul Newman Daytona, because actor Paul Newman was well known to have worn theirs from the late '60s into the 1970s. And they were a racecar driver and a racecar enthusiast. This model Rolex was well appreciated, and the design of it was inspired by racecar drivers in particular. So this model was manufactured in the late '60s to the early 1970s. Now, what's great about this is that you have the original box, the original outer box, and even you kept your original receipt from the watch.
GUEST:
Yes.
APPRAISER:
And this is all from over 40 years ago. And the condition of the watch is wonderful. It doesn't look like you wore it much at all.
GUEST:
That's correct, I haven't.
APPRAISER:
Why did you stop wearing it?
GUEST:
I just felt it was too nice a watch to wear every single day. I thought I could find another watch to wear during the week. But even today, I might wear it once a month.
APPRAISER:
So you still get some enjoyment, some use out of it once in awhile.
GUEST:
Yeah, I do, yes.
APPRAISER:
Okay, great. So over 40 years ago, you bought this watch brand new.
GUEST:
Yes.
APPRAISER:
You paid $543 for this watch.
GUEST:
Yes, sir.
APPRAISER:
Well, it's probably gone up a little bit. Do you have any idea what it might be worth today?
GUEST:
Oh, I have no idea what it would...I know Rolex are expensive watches.
APPRAISER:
Right. Being that this is a one-owner watch, your watch, you bought it new, and you kept the original boxes, I think that's going to add some value to it. So in today's market, retail, this watch is going to easily bring $100,000.
GUEST:
Oh my gosh. I had no idea that it would be that much. Is that s...? I'm in disbelief.
APPRAISER:
What I'm telling you is the truth. It is absolutely correct.
GUEST:
Oh my gosh.
Louis van Gaal's lame-duck tenure is now the talk of Manchester United's dressing room, with senior players keen to be given clarification over their future.
One dressing-room source said: ‘The group are wondering what is next — they're even asking people around the club what is going to happen.'
Van Gaal has the biggest week of their turbulent reign ahead of him, with three huge games in seven days. They will give executive vice-chairperson Ed Woodward no choice but to sack them if they suffer more embarrassing defeats before the month is out.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal's future has now become the subject of the dressing-room
Van Gaal faces three pivotal games over the course of the next seven days that could decide their fate
Constant noise about the Dutchman's prospects has unsettled their squad and they have been left wondering how long they will remain in charge. Jose Mourinho has always wanted the job and is ready to answer the call when a firm proposal arises.
Inter Milan have also been linked with the Portuguese but on Saturday the sister of the club's former president Massimo Moratti let the cat out of the bag on Mourinho's future. Asked at a lunch whether Inter missed their former manager, Bedy Moratti replied: ‘He's missed as a person, but right now he's happy, he's going to Manchester.'
An early exit in the FA Cup on Monday night at lowly League One Shrewsbury Town would ramp up the pressure on Van Gaal before they try to squeeze past minnows Midtjylland at Old Trafford in the Europa League on Thursday.
United supporters were apoplectic over their Europa League defeat in Denmark last week and will vote with their feet for the return leg, the top tier of the Sir Alex Ferguson stand closed due to lack of demand.
The Dutchman has faced stiff criticism despite a plethora of injuries since their side's defeat to Midtjylland
Executive vice-chairperson Ed Woodward may have no choice but to sack Van Gaal if they lose to Shrewsbury
UNITED'S NEXT SEVEN FIXTURES Monday - Shrewsbury away (FA Cup 5th Rd) Feb 25 - Midtjylland home (Europa League) Feb 28 - Arsenal home (Premier League) Mar 2 - Watford home (Premier League) Mar 6 - West Brom away (Premier League) Mar 12 - Crystal Palace home (PL) Mar 20 - Manchester City away (PL)
Then comes a clash with old foes Arsenal a week on Sunday - a loss would put another nail in the coffin of Champions League qualification.
Van Gaal's position would be untenable if United go out of the FA Cup and Europa League this week against seemingly inferior opposition. Fans argue their performance has been inferior since a run of eight matches without a win in December.
Woodward stuck by their man then, even after a swell of pressure from inside the club. The 2-0 loss at Stoke on Boxing Day had looked set to seal their fate but the axe did not fall.
Woodward also refused to make a snap decision following Thursday night's humiliation and Van Gaal's admission that disgruntled travelling fans were correct to sing expletive-laden songs at the players.
The truth is that the United board is split over whether to dispense with the manager early or allow them to see out their three-year contract.
Michael Carrick admitted there were ‘no excuses' and that United ‘were not good enough' against Midtjylland
They are watching a team outfought twice in six days, first by Sunderland and then Midtjylland. One Danish newspaper wrote: ‘It looked like Anthony Martial could do whatever they wanted. But luckily for Midtjylland, they didn't really want to do much.'
Michael Carrick admitted there were ‘no excuses' and that United ‘were not good enough' as they lurch from one setback to the next.
Woodward, however, does not want another failed appointment on their c.v. having also brought in David Moyes after Ferguson's retirement.
Mourinho has made no secret of their desire for the United job, although they have refused to speak openly about taking over since Chelsea sacked them in December.
They were at the San Siro to watch Inter take on Sampdoria in Serie A last night and claimed on Friday: ‘I don't search for clubs — clubs search for me.'
Inter Milan director Bedy Moratti has claimed that Jose Mourinho is on their way to Manchester
Mourinho is expected to become the new United manager but the Portuguese was in Milan on Saturday
Mourinho has never joined a club in mid-season and would be loath to at United, knowing that does not represent their best chance of hitting the ground running.
They would prefer a full pre-season in charge and can expect to hold off from starting any job until June, such is their allure.
United have steered clear of them in the past because of their confrontational style — Sir Bobby Charlton expressed their misgivings, for one — but feel there are few better options to take the club back to the top in the short term. Charlton's influence is no longer what it was.
Sir Bobby Charlton was present in Denmark on Thursday to witness one of United's darkest European days
United's assistant manager Ryan Giggs may not accept an interim position should Van Gaal be sacked
Mourinho's summer arrival would leave Woodward to decide who should take over in the interim should they sack Van Gaal in the next few weeks.
Ryan Giggs, 42, is unsure about the merits of being placed in caretaker charge for the second time in three seasons and is keen for a permanent job in management.
1 of 3 The hogchoker has a flat, rounded body that is dark brownish-gray with narrow black vertical lines or spots. (Photo courtesy Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission South Regional Fisheries under a CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 license) 2 of 3 The hogchoker has a flat, rounded body that is dark brownish-gray with narrow black vertical lines or spots. (Harvard University Museum of Comparative Zoology) 3 of 3 Hogchokers are bottom-dwellers in both shallow and deep parts of the Chesapeake Bay. (Virginia Institute of Marine Science)
Quick Facts Species Native
Habitat Found in both shallow and deep waters. Bottom-dwellers that prefer sandy, silty or muddy bottoms.
Range One of the most abundant fish in the Bay; live in the Chesapeake Bay year-round. Range spans from tidal fresh water to the Bay's mouth.
Diet Feeds on worms and crustaceans
Lifespan Up to 7 years
Status Stable
The unusually-named hogchoker is a small, flat fish with a brown, rounded body. It is abundant year-round throughout the Chesapeake Bay.
Appearance
The hogchoker has a flat, rounded body that grows to about 6 inches in length. It is a dark brownish-gray on top and pale on the bottom, with narrow, black vertical lines or spots on the top side of its body. It has a rounded head with a small mouth. Both its small eyes are located on the top side of its body. Its dorsal and anal fins stretch around its body from its head to its rounded tail fin.
Feeding
Hogchokers eat worms and crustaceans. They hunt for prey by lying half-buried in bottom sediments with both eyes looking up.
Predators
The hogchoker conceals itself from predators by burying itself in bottom sediments and changing colors to blend in with its surroundings.
Reproduction and Life Cycle
Spawning occurs from May through September in inshore waters. Young are born with one eye on each side of the head. As larvae, the left eye gradually travels over the top of the head to a position next to the right eye. Hogchokers can live to 7 years old.
Did You Know?
The unusual name "hogchoker" comes from farmers who used to feed this fish to their hogs. The hogs would often have a hard time eating the fish's scaly, bony body.
The hogchoker is considered to be a "right-handed" flatfish because its mouth and eyes are on the right side of its body when viewed from above.
It is nearly impossible to spot a hogchoker that has buried itself.
Sources and Additional Information
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- A 24-year-old man is fighting for their life after they were stabbed on a bus in Stapleton Tuesday after a dispute over a seat, according to police.
The victim was stabbed multiple times in the torso and hand on an s74 bus at Water and Canal streets at approximately 2:05 p.m., an NYPD spokesperson said.
They were taken to Richmond University Medical Center in West Brighton with life-threatening injuries, police said.
EMS workers tended to a victim with "major" injuries, according to an FDNY spokesperson.
"I can believe it (that it was over a seat on the bus)," said one Stapleton resident who declined to be identified. "The 74 is known for this. This is a scary thing to happen in the neighborhood. I have to take more precaution now."
The two men got into an altercation while the bus was stopped in front of the Stapleton Library at around 1:45 p.m., according to an MTA spokesperson.
The assailant, who fled the scene, was described by police as a black male in their 20s. No further description was available at this time.
Police officers roped off the street where the stabbing occurred as they investigated the incident.
New Pokémon Professor Is Female
By Ishaan . June 11, 2010 . 11:11am
Say hello to Professor Araragi, the authority on Pokémon in the Isshu region. Translated to English, we believe their name could / should be “Yew.” Quite the change from Oak, Elm, and all the rest, isn't she?
According to another round of info from CoroCoro magazine, Pokémon Black & White allow you to upload your save file to the Internet. Mysterious. Could it be to prevent using hacked monsters in online ranked battles? After all, this piece of information is mentioned in the same section as a new wireless feature called “Random Match,” which is exactly what it sounds like.
CoroCoro also mentions an ingame device named the “C Gear,” which comes with various “connection abilities,” but just what these are isn't detailed.
By: Jordan Calvano
Festival season is a beautiful time. Most people look forward to Christmas or Presidents' Day all year long, but us bass heads toss and turn on a nightly basis looking towards May to September months. Each weekend is a new journey, and obligations get thrown out the window when summer comes into full swing. Compiled below is our list of summer festies across the United States, highlighting the best of the best. Pull out those sleeping bags, apologize to your liver, and make haste towards…
10. Summer Camp - Chillicothe, IL - May 24-26th
Although this year's Summer Camp was plagued with unrelenting torrents of rain and the deepest depths mud has ever explored, we've still got love for the ever-evolving festival. From its diverse lineup filled with stand out performers, to a gorgeous waterfront location, Summer Camp is just waiting to whip you into shape.
9. Wakarusa - Ozark, AR - May 30-June 2nd
Wakarusa and Summer Camp might host their respective festivals a couple states apart, but there's one thread that undoubtedly connected the two in 2013: rain, rain, and more rain. The tenth anniversary of Waka turned into an all-out mud bath this year, as attendees battled endless sheets of precipitation to experience relentless servings of head-turning music. Just look up some pictures, you'll see.
8. Spring Awakening - Chicago, IL - June 15th-17th
When most make people haste towards Chicago's legendary Soldier Field, they're preparing themselves to pound beers, whip up some dogs, and watch The Bears clash things out American style on the gridiron. This past June, hoards of electronic music lovers traveled to these same grounds for a very different reason. Three days of pulsing bass, electro, house, and trance served up in true Spring Awakening style. Highlights included a soaking set from Nectar. Whoo!
7. Sonic Bloom - Georgetown, CO - June 13th-16th
Certain festivals stand out solely based on their mouth-watering lineups, while others rope attendees in with bewitching ambiances, breathtaking locations, and boundless supplies of time-consuming actives. This is where Sonic Bloom comes into play. “Sonic womb” boasts both of these key facets, amalgamating sublime performances with workshops, yoga, and a tantalizing backdrop where you see tomorrow's headliners today.
6. Lightning in a Bottle - Temecula, CA - July 11th-15th
Hey, folks,
As we continue to grow Guild Wars 2 and plan our next steps for the future of the game, it's important we have a solid foundation for all the new players we plan to welcome in the future as well as players who return after long breaks from our game. The coming feature pack is bringing improvements that were designed to ensure the leveling experience and, most importantly, the learning experience is solid, clearly messaged, easy to follow, and rewarding. These were part of the game when we launched in China, and now they're making their way back to North America and Europe.
A Clear Sense of Direction
One of our first changes is the content direction system. This system simplifies the UI in the top-right side of the game window, providing one clear suggested location (and an arrow providing general direction) to guide players to exciting content. This system will also help guide players to content areas of appropriate level difficulty, even to the next map so they have a better idea of where to go when advancing their character. Players who don't need direction can ignore this system and go exploring in any direction they want, do content in any order, and play any content they want exactly as they can currently in Guild Wars 2 as it's available today.
There are advanced settings in the options menu for more experienced players that will allow you to change the functionality of the content direction system. You can select to disable it if you like the way the game UI functions now, or you can select “world complete” mode, which will focus only on providing direction to areas for world completion.
There are still countless bonus locations that remain hidden in the world, such as jumping puzzles, minidungeons, bears' picnics, quaggan pipe organs, and legendary llamas, that the content direction system won't guide you to; the system's simply there to provide players who need a bit more structure with a guide along their adventure.
Leveling as a Reward
Next up is our new level-up notification, which is a shiny badge that sits down where bouncy chests go now and pops up each time you gain a level. Clicking on this notification will open a brand-new reward screen. There are three major purposes for this level-up screen: to make gaining a level feel truly rewarding, showing you what you'll get at the next level, and teaching important game systems.
For experienced players, most systems are still available as they are today…
To help ease the learning curve for new players experience when they first load into the game, we've simplified the number of systems visible to players early on and layered them all into the level-up guide. When you reach a specific level, any system tied to that level will be presented in the form of a reward. The game will also offer to teach you how to use the new system and will show you what you'll get the next time you level up.
For experienced players, most systems are still available as they are today; we will simply introduce these systems more gradually to new players and allow them to learn our game at a reasonable pace. For example, WvW and PvP will be messaged to players via the level-up notification system at levels 18 and 22, and the buttons in the top left will be hidden until then, but experienced users can use the portals in Lion's Arch or use hot keys to access those game modes immediately. Once the buttons are unlocked for one character on your account, they'll be visible to all future characters as well.
Some systems have been layered further along the leveling progression and will become fully unlocked when you reach those levels to help give players more time to learn the core game systems. For example, rallying from the downed state can be overwhelming to a brand-new Guild Wars 2 player. We've moved the downed state to unlock at level five so players have time to learn the basics of combat before they experience this system. We also made the downed state give you additional health early on to help make it easier to learn. As we layered in systems and new rewards across the levels, some other features like weapon swapping and skill slot unlocks have been moved a bit to fill in better with the progression of mechanics we've established.
We've also taken some of the systems that felt needlessly complicated or obtuse and simplified them to make them consistent, so leveling is the big way you gain new abilities. Our last feature pack also changed traits to no longer require going to a merchant and buying a book at each tier to unlock them; you unlock a tier for free as soon as you reach the appropriate level. Now, new skill slots for weapons will be unlocked for all weapons simultaneously as you level up. This means that if you pick up a new weapon for the first time after already unlocking multiple weapon skill slots, you'll automatically learn the skills for that weapon, rather than having to learn each weapon's skills individually.
Stat Gains
To create a better sense of pacing in the progression of the game, we've spread out some of the character progression's statistical rewards to come in chunks. When you gain a level, you'll know you're progressing in a way that immediately benefits your character. You'll be able to experience a clear power difference in your character when you reach these milestones rather than having tiny, hard-to-notice increments with each level. All the stats, skill points, and trait points remain the same by the time you reach level 80; we're simply changing up the pacing of the levels they're rewarded at.
Rewards
As part of the addition of the level-up guide, we've reevaluated the item rewards you gain for leveling and made them more exciting, relevant, and useful items. We won't be able to retroactively give these rewards to existing level 80 characters, but all characters under 80 will use this system for their remaining levels between their current level and level 80. All new characters you create after this system will have access to all of these changes from level 1.
Personal Story
As another addition with the level-up guide, we're updating the personal story steps using our new Story Journal so they come in story chunks that unlock all at once per chapter. When a story chapter is unlocked as a level-up reward, you'll be able to play straight through the entire chapter from start to finish and not have any awkward starts and stops that throw off the storyline. In this way, story chapters become another big moment to look forward to earning and unlocking as your character levels up.
We've also taken this opportunity to go back and reevaluate the rewards of each of the major story chapters. We've done some pretty major overhauls to make the rewards for completing chapters feel much more compelling than they were in the past. Personal story chapters will absolutely be worth completing for your character as you progress. Similar to level-up rewards, we won't be able to retroactively apply these to current level 80 characters, but all future characters you create or level up to 80 will benefit from this system.
In Closing
That covers all the changes to the teaching and leveling experiences we'll be making with the September 2014 Feature Pack. Once the feature pack is live, there is no better time for those who haven't tried Guild Wars 2 to hop in and give it a shot. For those who haven't played the game in a long time, it's a perfect time to return, see if the new systems help make your experience better, and explore the world of Tyria anew! Our feature countdown continues next week, so keep an eye on our website for the announcement of the next major feature coming soon to a Guild Wars 2 near you!
As the kaka population in Wellington continues to thrive, the native parrot's propensity for stripping tree bark is causing havoc in the Botanic Gardens.
Gardens manager David Sole said they had found a worthy adversary in the feathered foe, which strips the bark to get at the sap below.
"It's quite systematic," they said.
"There is a possible treatment to apply to the tree, but no real solution - they are such intelligent and inquisitive birds. It will just continue to get worse.
"They're having a bit of a feast at our expense."
Sole said the trees worst affected were the northern hemisphere conifers, some eucalyptus varieties and the leyland cypresses.
"We can see there are a range and considerable number of trees in decline, some over 100 years old."
Early settlers culled the kaka population, and Sole said it was only recently that the bird had returned to Wellington.
"We wouldn't even consider doing the same thing again.
"The solution will be a few more native trees and a few more deciduous trees."
They said that would not affect the biodiversity of the gardens.
There are between 200 and 400 kaka in Wellington.
Prolific virtual reality (VR) developer Ghost Machine has today announced that their newest project, Golf Masters, is officially being developed for the recently announced HTC Vive. A demo version of the videogame, compatible with the Oculus Rift head-mounted displays (HMDs), has also been made available for download today.
Golf Masters is designed to play just like real life golf, complete with realistic ball and wind physics that determine your results on the fly. Shoot for the hole and pull in the lowest scores for the course in order to emerge victorious. The early playable demo of Golf Masters was developed internally at the VR studio, and is available now via Ghost Machine's official website.
“Golf Masters takes virtual golfing to a new level and is a perfect match for VR,” states Neal Nellans, CEO of Ghost Machine. “Standing on the tee at one of the virtual golf holes that our team has built is an incredibly immersive experience that truly makes you feel like you are standing on the course.”
Ghost Machine has launched a Steam Greenlight campaign for Golf Masters today, aiming for inclusion in the growing Steam VR library. This release will mark the fifth VR videogame Ghost Machine will offer to customers on the digital downloading service following Motorsport Revolution and Superbike TT, both of which went on sale on Valve's hugely popular digital distribution platform earlier this year.
“VR Golf is a personal project that I've been working with an internal team to develop. As soon as I heard of the latest room tracking technology from Valve and other hardware makers, I knew that virtual golf would be a perfect fit,” offers Nellans.
Golf Masters is expected to be available on Steam VR with support for the latest Oculus Rift HMD and the upcoming HTC Vive, as well as a standard version for those not owning a VR HMD, in Winter of 2015. VRFocus will keep you updated with all the latest details on Golf Masters and other forthcoming releases from Ghost Machine.
UPDATE: Ghost Machine has clarified that the version of Golf Masters currently available is in fact an ‘early alpha test version with playable 18 holes' as opposed to a demo of the forthcoming VR edition of the videogame. VRFocus apologises for the error.
Some Star Wars collections are so impressive that they make me think of Indiana Jones saying, “It belongs in a museum!” Steve Sansweet of Rancho Obi-Wan went that route, and we've featured a few other collectors on the blog that have devoted entire rooms of their homes to displaying Star Wars memorabilia. Cho Woong incorporated their massive collection beautifully into their home decor, but had so many items that they wanted to share them with others. To that end, they created a movie memorabilia gallery above their restaurant in Daegu, South Korea.
Their passion for films began as a child when their father took them to the theater for the first time. They wanted to extend and hold on to the emotions they experienced while watching movies, and they found a way to do that by collecting. Their collection includes items from many franchises, but is dominated by Star Wars. I talked with Cho Woong about how their collection started and what sort of Star Wars items it includes.
He's been collecting for most of their life, and it started because of Star Wars and their fascination with the characters. As a young man, they accumulated movie soundtracks on CDs as well as several movie posters. Then in 1999 they visited Universal Studios Hollywood. They started purchasing statues and figures because they thought they were the best for interior design. Their collection grew and as a visual designer, they decided they wanted to create an appealing space to display their own “cinema world.” That led to them creating the museum in March 2012.
As you flip through photos of Cho Woong's collection, you'll notice it's focused. They have hundreds of statues and figures from the Rebel Alliance, the Empire, and beyond, but they're all of a certain quality. There aren't many 3.75 inch figures (if any) and there are no costumes. Limiting the scope of collectibles like this can make for a more streamlined and unified display. They said they specifically search for high quality, limited edition Star Wars collectibles and estimates they have over 2,000 items in that category. Looking at their collection, I'd believe it.
Cho Woong mostly finds additions for their collection online, though they have made special trips for certain acquisitions. They purchase new products but also keeps an eye on auction sites and online antique shops for deals. One of their recent purchases was a 1950-1960s era projector they found for a bargain — they collect items related to cinema history too.
If you find yourself in South Korea, you can view Cho Woong's collection in person at the CW Restaurant. Until then, you can get a virtual look in the photo gallery:
Amy Ratcliffe is a writer obsessed with all things Star Wars, Disney, and coffee. Follow them on Twitter at @amy_geek and keep up with all things geeky at their blog.
Stuart Lancaster is preparing England to face the RBS 6 Nations' most complete side when Ireland visit Twickenham on Saturday week.
Paul O'Connell's men have swept aside Scotland and Wales to retain hope of completing the Grand Slam, with France the tournament's only other unbeaten team.
Lancaster admires an experienced starting XV packed full of British and Irish Lions that they believe is well coached.
“Ireland are becoming the most complete the side, definitely, because they've clearly improved in their forward play,” England's head coach said.
“John Plumtree is their new forwards' coach and you can see the improvements they've made in that area. Their mauling game, as we saw against Wales, was excellent, so technically they're very good.
“They're very good at the breakdown, which is another element of John Plumtree's role. And Joe Schmidt is a very good head coach who understands the different strategies needed to win games.
“Ireland have kicked the ball probably double the amount of times they did during the autumn internationals. They manage the tactical game very well. The third part of the equation is the quality of players they have.
“There were over 700 caps in their team and you only have to look at how many British Lions they have. It's a pretty good side all round at the moment.”
Lancaster confirmed that wing Marland Yarde, centre Manu Tuilagi and fullback Ben Foden were close to making returns for their clubs after lengthy spells in the treatment room.
(Reuters) - An American paramedic working for European security watchdog OSCE's monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine was killed and two others were injured on Sunday when their vehicle struck a mine, triggering a U.S. call for a transparent, timely investigation.
A woman walks past vehicles of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) special monitoring mission for Ukraine parked near the OSCE office, in the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Luhansk, Ukraine, April 24, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Ermochenko
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said the killing was the first death of one of its members while on patrol in Ukraine, where more than 700 international observers help report on a simmering conflict that has deeply strained relations between Russia and the West.
A 2015 ceasefire between Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country is regularly violated, and Washington cites the conflict as a key obstacle to improved relations between Russia and the United States.
U.S. State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said the killing underscored the increasingly dangerous conditions under which the OSCE mission operated, including grappling with “access restrictions, threats, and harassment.”
“The United States urges Russia to use its influence with the separatists to allow the OSCE to conduct a full, transparent, and timely investigation,” Toner said.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson also spoke about the incident on Sunday with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who offered their condolences.
“This tragic incident makes clear the need for all sides - and particularly the Russian-led separatist forces - to implement their commitments under the Minsk agreements immediately,” Toner said.
The Minsk peace agreement, brokered by France and Germany and signed by Russia and Ukraine in February 2015, calls for a ceasefire, the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line and constitutional reform to give eastern Ukraine more autonomy.
But since the deal the sides appear stuck in a stalemate broken periodically by sharp resurgences of fighting that Kiev and the Kremlin accuse each other of instigating.
Related Coverage Russia calls for investigation into death of OSCE monitor in Ukraine: RIA
Tillerson told Poroshenko that although Washington wanted better ties with Moscow, “Russia's actions in eastern Ukraine remain an obstacle,” the State Department said.
GERMAN, CZECH MONITORS WOUNDED
The Ukrainian military said the blast took place at 10:17 local time (0317 ET) near the small village of Pryshyb, which is controlled by pro-Russian separatists.
The OSCE said in addition to the death, two of its monitors were taken to the hospital.
An Austrian foreign ministry spokesperson said a German woman was injured. Austria holds the rotating presidency of the OSCE.
Alexander Hug, the Special Monitoring Mission's Principal Deputy Chief Monitor, told reporters that the second injured person was from the Czech Republic.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they were appalled and their government expected the parties to investigate and determine who was responsible.
“The conflict parties must also finally implement the long-agreed ceasefire,” Merkel said in a statement. “And there, the Russia-supported separatists, who are illegally and violently occupying parts of Ukrainian territory bear a particular responsibility.”
The Russian foreign ministry said the circumstances pointed to likely provocation aimed at undermining the peace process. It urged the parties to the conflict to intensify direct talks.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“We're deeply outraged by this cynical action, which led to the loss of human life and was directed against international observers who work for the sake of peace,” the ministry said in a statement on its website.
The 57 member states of the OSCE, which include Ukraine, Russia and the United States, in March extended its monitoring in Ukraine by a year.
The Hydro Series H70 is a popular cooler for today's current CPUs. I was already using a H70 to cool my CPU, and I decided to try to mod one to cool my GPU as well. Mounting the H70 onto my GPU should make it run much cooler. In order to mount the H70 onto my GeForce GTX 480, the stock mounting bracket for the H70 needs to be modified.
To make the modified mount as stock looking as possible, I decided to use 20 gauge steel to make the new piece fit on top of the modified H70 bracket. After measuring the mounting holes on the GTX 480 and the outer diameter of the H70, I created a template I could follow. After the template was transferred to the sheet of steel the center hole was drilled with a 2-7/8" hole saw. The next step was drilling out the mounting holes. After drilling all of the holes I used a dremel to roughly cut around the outside line. I made small cuts with metal shears to give it the final shape. All of the surfaces were then filed and sanded smooth.
The next step was modifying the stock retention ring to allow my H70 to mount to the card. I had a spare Intel mounting bracket available to use but the AMD bracket will do the same job. All 4 of the tabs needed to be cut off, and after I filed down all of the sharp edges I sanded the entire retention ring.
Whenever using any sort of power tools make sure to wear proper safety equipment
It was finally time to bond the modified H70 retention bracket with the 20 guage steel bracket that I fabricated. I used J-B Kwik epoxy to bond the two brackets together. To ensure good adhesion, I completely sanded both parts. I let the epoxy cure over night, and then sanded down any excess. After sanding down the excess epoxy, I gave the whole thing a quick touch-up with some spray paint to make it look similar to the stock bracket.
Before mounting the H70 to my GPU, I tested the card with the stock heatsink to get a baseline. To put a load on the GPU I used Furmark v1.9, I also used GPUz to make sure the temperature readings were correct. After a few minutes the card was running 85°C, and after 3 hours the card had reached a max temperature of 94°C.
I removed the stock cooler that covers just the GPU after letting the card cool down. I then installed four 4-40 machine screws with nuts onto the card. I slipped the custom made bracket over the screws, and put the top nuts in place to keep it from falling off. Lastly I installed the H70 pump and cooling block combo onto the card. The process was very similar to mounting the H70 onto a CPU. I tightened the top nuts down finger tight to avoid damaging the GPU.
Click on the image to see a close-up of the Hydro Series H70 installed on the GPU
Within the first few minutes of testing my new Hydro Series H70 cooled GPU, the card was running at 55°C. After three hours of testing, the maximum temperature recorded was still only 60°C. That is a 34°C drop versus the stock cooler on the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 480! Not only did it give the GPU a significant temperature drop it also substantially lowered the noise level of the entire PC.
Overall I was really impressed with how well the Hydro Series H70 was able to cool the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 480. The bracket took approximately 45 minutes to fabricate and modify, not including the time for the epoxy and paint to dry. The effort of creating the bracket was well worth the results! I will be able to game for hours on end without my GPU reaching 90°C and have also made my entire system quieter by getting rid of the noisiest fan in my rig.
The H70 was mounted in the back of the 650D with another H70 on the CPU mounted at the top of the case.
11:19am: If the Mavs and Blair agree to term, it will likely be for a one-year, minimum-salary contract, according to Alex Kennedy of HoopsWorld. While there was some talk of a sign-and-trade, Blair figures to sign for a year and test the market again next summer, says Kennedy, adding that the ex-Spur figures to choose Dallas' offer over similar proposals because he'll get a chance to play major minutes with the Mavs (all Twitter links).
9:58am: The Mavericks are engaged in serious talks on a deal for DeJuan Blair, reports Marc Stein of ESPN.com (via Twitter). According to Stein, the odds of the two sides reaching an agreement are "promising."
It'd be a little surprising if the Mavs were able to land Blair, since the team appears to be capped-out, and Blair's asking price was said earlier this month to be in the $3MM range. The big man was also reportedly seeking a multiyear commitment. Based on reported contracts and salaries to date, it seems as if the Mavs have used their cap space and signed Wayne Ellington using the $2.65MM room exception. Assuming that's the case, Dallas could only offer Blair the minimum, unless a sign-and-trade deal can be worked out with the Spurs.
Blair, 24, has spent all four seasons of their NBA career with the Spurs, but saw their role reduced as Tiago Splitter emerged as a productive starter for the team. After averaging 8.5 PPG, 6.4 RPG, and a 17.5 PER in their first three years, Blair's rates fell to 5.4 PPG, 3.8 RPG, and a 14.6 PER in 2012/13.
According to Stein (via Twitter), the Mavs are also likely to complete a new deal for Devin Harris later this week, and remain in the mix for Greg Oden.
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble. Reuters LONDON — Germany's outgoing Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble warned that spiralling levels of debt, as well as the growth of liquidity across the world, risk creating a new financial crisis.
Speaking to the Financial Times as they leaf their long-held post at Germany's finance ministry and becomes the Speaker of the Bundestag, Schaeuble said that their view is shared by economists around the world.
"Economists all over the world are concerned about the increased risks arising from the accumulation of more and more liquidity and the growth of public and private debt. I myself am concerned about this, too," Schaeuble said.
Schaeuble — who is renowned and often disliked across Europe for being hugely critical of the European Central Bank's hyper loose monetary policy since the financial crisis — also said that the financial world is in danger of "encouraging new bubbles to form" thanks to the cash injections into the markets overseen by central banks like the ECB and the Fed.
The comments echo those made by International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde last week, who said that there are "threats on the horizon" for the global economy, which are largely associated with rising debt, despite the fact that "we are seeing some sun break through," when it comes to a global economic recovery taking root.
"There are threats on the horizon: from high levels of debt in many countries, to rapid credit expansion in China, to excessive risk-taking in financial markets," Lagarde said in a speech at Harvard University.
Earlier this year, an IMF report warned that China's huge debt pile could be the trigger for the next financial crisis as borrowing reaches unsustainable levels.
"International experience suggests that China's credit growth is on a dangerous trajectory, with increasing risks of a disruptive adjustment or a marked growth slowdown," the report said.
As well as opposing loose monetary policy, Schaeuble is well-known for heavily favouring fiscally responsible policies and defended those beliefs, saying that austerity is "strictly speaking, an Anglo-Saxon way of describing a solid financial policy which doesn't necessarily see more, or higher deficits as a good thing."
Students at the prestigious University of Michigan are claiming to be “intimidated” by the “masculine” wood paneling on the walls of academic buildings on campus.
Anna Wibbelman, former president of Building a Better Michigan, stated at a student government meeting that “minority students felt marginalized by quiet, imposing masculine paneling” of several academic buildings around campus.
The primary building in question, the Michigan Union building, is a historical building on campus and serves as one of the most recognizable landmarks of the university.
Although the building is set to undergo a pricey $85.2 million renovation, the wood paneling is here to stay, to the dismay of minority students who finds it presence to be “intimidating.”
“There is a significant presence of wood paneling on the interior of the building and we expect most, if not all of it, will remain after the renovation,” said University of Michigan spokesperson Rick Fitzgerald.
Although students have expressed concern about the welcoming nature of the building, Fitzgerald claims that students have not specifically complained to the administration about the wood paneling ahead of the building's upcoming renovation.
Concern about the paneling is not something that has been brought forward to the university as a concern from students, who have been involved with developing this project for several years and through dozens of meetings. Students certainly have expressed a desire that the renovation assures a welcoming, inviting, and student-oriented building. It is their building.
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter @tciccotta or email them at tciccotta@breitbart.com
Ricky Stenhouse Jr. and Bryan Clauson sit back to back. Clauson died last August, and Stenhouse has promised to be there for their family. (Photo: Tim Clauson)
Everybody was together in Knoxville, Iowa, just like Ricky Stenhouse Jr. wanted.
Bryan Clauson had died as a result of injuries form a crash during a race a few days earlier, and Stenhouse had to convince Tim and Diana Clauson to come. Clauson's fiancee, Lauren Stewart, and their sister, Taylor, were there. So was Stenhouse's girlfriend, Danica Patrick; and Kyle Larson and their girlfriend Katelyn Sweet.
They sat up talking. The Clausons were the first to go to bed, so the rest moved to Larson's motor home and kept on talking.
Stewart told Stenhouse about the whole weekend, from Clauson's accident in Kansas, to the airlift to Nebraska, to the moment they found out they were an organ donor.
They kept talking. Then they looked around. Everybody else was snoring. Patrick and Sweet were asleep. Larson's head was sagging as they fought to stay awake. It was 5:30 in the morning.
“In that moment,” Stewart said, “I knew Bryan and Ricky's friendship was something really, really special.”
In the year since Clauson's death, Stenhouse has driven the pace lap in Clauson's car at Knoxville Nationals, they and Larson wore tribute helmets at Bristol and Stenhouse thanked Clauson after their first NASCAR Cup win.
More:
There's no replacing Junior, but young NASCAR stars eager to fill void
Newgarden on Toronto win: ‘I'll take a lucky yellow any day of the week'
Top-5 finish allows Marco Andretti to have a little fun
This weekend, Stenhouse will be in Indianapolis for the Brickyard 400. They can go to the Clauson-Marshall Racing shop in Fishers and see Tim. They can get dinner with Stewart and the whole family.
Stenhouse was one of the first people Stewart spoke to in the chaos after the accident. Tim Clauson teared up in their office this week talking about how worried Stenhouse was about the family instead of himself.
When they saw Stewart for the first time after the crash, Stenhouse gave them the biggest hug and made a promise. They said Bryan was one of their closest friends, and they and Danica were going to make sure Stewart was taken care of.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"We want you to know that we are here for you, and we are now your best friends," they said.
"He's definitely stayed true to their word," Stewart said. "He's a pretty special guy for doing that."
***
Buy Photo IndyCar driver Bryan Clauson (88) talks with team owner Dale Coyne following their qualifying run for the 100th running of the Indianapolis 500 Saturday, May 21, 2016, morning at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. (Photo: Matt Kryger/IndyStar)
Stenhouse and Clauson came up through the USAC ranks together. They knew each other from the sprint and dirt racing circuits, but they weren't exactly friends.
It was when Clauson went down to Charlotte, N.C., to chase the NASCAR path and Stenhouse soon followed that they connected. They became roommates and they hit it off quickly.
Neither of them drank or loved to party. They were often designated drivers. They didn't talk racing much. It was usually college basketball or some other sport.
They were just relaxed around each other. They would later tell Stewart their best days were spent at fellow driver Landon Cassill's grandmother's house playing cards with them
Clauson ended up coming back to Indiana when Charlotte didn't go to plan. They went on to be regarded as the nation's top short-track dirt-car driver for much of the decade, winning four USAC national championships (two in sprint cars, two in midgets), while also competing in three Indianapolis 500s. Stenhouse rose up the NASCAR ranks. The friendship between the two remained strong.
Stewart and Tim Clauson talked about how neither Stenhouse nor Clauson ever had any jealousy toward the other, which Tim said was rare in the racing world. If anything, Stenhouse wished they could get back to their roots more often like Clauson.
"Ricky honestly thought what Bryan was doing for living was the coolest job out there," Stewart said.
***
Tim Clauson (middle), embraces well-wishers at a tribute for their son, Bryan Clauson, at Kokomo Speedway. Bryan was a Noblesville race car driver who died earlier this month after a racetrack accident. (Photo: Robert_Scheer_IndyStar)
They had just spent 72 hours waiting on their son's organs to be donated, so a race track was the last place Tim and Diana Clauson wanted to be.
Bryan was slated to run in the Knoxville Nationals, and the owner of their car that weekend, Matt Wood, called telling Tim they wished they could see all the racing community was doing to honor Bryan.
Wood said the track reached out about using Bryan's car to pace the field Thursday. Tim Clauson said sure.
But when they hung up, it started to upset him.
"The one thing Bryan was always adamant about was nobody driving their race cars," Tim said. "They were their race cars."
Wood then called back immediately. They forgot to mention the most important part: Stenhouse was going to drive Bryan's car. Tim then agreed completely.
Ricky called an hour later asking if Tim was coming to Knoxville. Tim said no. Stenhouse mentioned they were driving Bryan's car. They still said no. Stenhouse understood, but they wanted to make their case.
"I think it's important that we're all together," Clauson remembers Stenhouse saying. "If you and I can make it, I think that just completes it. Danica's coming. We're all gonna come. We all, as their friends, we all want you to be there."
Clauson still wasn't convinced, but the next morning Diana said they wanted to see all of this. So they went, and in Knoxville they healed more.
***
They had been planning a "race-cation" for years. Stenhouse wanted to get back out and race dirt cars. They could "rough it," as they called it. They finally did it in June 2016.
Clauson was already racing, and the team graciously offered a car to Stenhouse. They started in Texas, and through Oklahoma and ended in Stenhouse's home track in Memphis, Tenn. Clauson was also running a midget race there, so they called Tim asking if they could throw a car together for Stenhouse to run in it as well.
Buy Photo (From left) Kevin Lee holds the microphone for IndyCar driver Bryan Clauson while they are interviewed by Curt Cavin at their annual Carb Day Burger Bash at 96th Street Steakburgers, May 22, 2015. (Photo: Jenna Watson / IndyStar)
It fell on Father's Day weekend, and Tim and Rick Stenhouse Sr. joined them in Memphis. Bryan was in the running for the championship, but they were having troubles with their car all weekend.
All four of them, fathers and sons, best friends, spent the whole weekend grinding, trying to figure it out through what Tim called 200-degree weather.
When it was all said and done, they figured it out and Bryan won the race. It was a perfect trip. Stenhouse got to re-live their old racing days, and the four of them were able to do what they love.
"There isn't a conversation that Ricky and I have that doesn't include a reference from that day," Tim said.
***
Buy Photo Ricky Stenhouse Jr. looks over their rear wing of their race car during the first practice for the Crown Royal Jeff Kyle 400 at the Brickyard Friday, July 24, 2015, morning at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. (Photo: Matt Kryger / The Star)
Stenhouse and Tim sat together in the Knoxville suite all Wednesday night and much of Thursday before Stenhouse paced the field.
They talked about a little of everything. Stenhouse said they aren't sure if they wanted to run with the World of Outlaws team. The point was to do it with Bryan, not for him.
Then, Stenhouse, sitting right next to Tim Clauson, leaned over and laid their head on Clauson's shoulder.
"Mr. Tim, what are you going to do?" they asked.
CLOSE IndyStar Motorsports Insider Jim Ayello talks with IMS President Doug Boles about the 2017 Brickyard 400, heat and the move to September for next year. Stephen J. Beard/IndyStar
Clauson was still debating how involved they would remain in racing. They were still figuring so much out.
"Buddy, I don't know," Clauson said. "But I will promise you this, I will always have one car, and that will be for you and me."
Stenhouse kind of smiled, and said, "I was hoping you weren't going to leave us."
The two talk on the phone at least weekly. The families have met up 10 or 12 times since Clauson's death. It isn't just Stenhouse that's been there for the Clausons. The whole racing community has been there, and that's a big part of why Tim Clauson sticks with it.
But with Stenhouse and the Clausons, they seem to be helping each other through this year. When Stenhouse won their first Cup race at Talladega, they said they couldn't wait to call Tim and Lauren.
"Ricky really looks up to Tim," Stewart said. "I think they really respects Tim for, not only what he's done in racing, but they really respects them for how he's handled everything with Bryan's accident."
Buy Photo IndyCar driver Bryan Clauson and Lauren Stewart walk the red carpet during the 2016 MAXIM Indy 500 Party at The Pavilion at Pan Am in Indianapolis, Saturday May 27th, 2016. (Photo: Michelle Pemberton/IndyStar)
When Stenhouse paced the field with Clauson's car in Knoxville, they told them to pull it back into the infield. They pulled in and then hung a right into Victory Lane. Clauson's old line when they won was that they "Parked it" in victory lane. Those words are posted on the walls in the Clauson-Marshall Racing shop.
The guys on the radio asked what Stenhouse was doing. They told Stewart they took off their helmet, turned the radio off and sat there for a second.
"I was parking Bryan's car where it belongs," they told them
A few weeks ago we got an email from a Beastly member, Nick, saying that they had referenced our Ectomorph Aesthetics article on their site. They thought that it perfectly described the physique that women find the most attractive. That got me curious about what their site was all about, so I checked it out.
It turns out that Nick has started up a business teaching guys how to improve their confidence so that they can meet women in an honest, authentic way. This confidence extends to success in business and with friends.
Their approach hit home with me.
As a skinny guy, building muscle was so important to me because I thought my skinniness would prevent me from attracting the amazing woman who I wanted to raise a family with, or that it would prevent me from defending them My confidence suffered as a result, and I approached muscle-building with a sense of desperation.
By the time I met the woman of my dreams, I had gained over fifty pounds of muscle. We spent our first date drinking beer, chatting, and doing handstands in the park.
A couple of days ago my friend asked them what they first noticed about me. I was surprised by their answer. It wasn't my long hair or tattoos; it was how strong I looked. They even told their roommate about it after our date.
As someone who runs a fitness website for skinny dudes, I wish I could tell you that they fell in love with me because of that strength. It sure made a strong first impression, but I think they fell in love with me because of something else.
Being a strong guy has value. So does being a confident guy. But being someone who can turn a weakness into a strength is the real ticket.
I think it's amazing how Nick now makes their living teaching other guys how to do the thing they were known for being awful at. They turned their greatest weakness into their greatest strength.
This article might help you do the same thing, and if you're a single guy looking for love, this could even be the article that changes your life.
And now, let me introduce Nick Durham! Everything that follows is written by him.
Most ectomorphs have their stories of brutal girlfriend insults.
“Hey honey, I'm going to go to the gym to lift weights because, you know, someone has to protect us…
“You should eat more. Here, let's add some protein to your plate.” *dumps entire plate of meatballs onto your spaghetti*
“You are so tiny. I love you for that.”
All of them are completely demoralizing. Even the last one, which is passive-aggressive and sweet all at once, stings like a 50-pound dumbbell dropped on your littlest toe.
I consider myself lucky. I was never insulted by a girlfriend like that. This is most likely because I never had a girlfriend back when I was skinny and shy. I just heard the same insults from my friends, basketball teammates, and family instead. (Although my grandma knew I was tiny and really did love me for that.)
My high-school basketball team loved to make skinny jokes. I'm the small guy whose head is barely visible 🙂
When I started lifting weights late in high school, it changed things for me. I felt better about myself and my role as a man, and I finally met an awesome girl who had the same (poor) sense of humor I had. They soon became my first girlfriend.
But even with my increased strength and emotional well-being, I wouldn't go so far as to say that I was a confident person. That relationship didn't last forever either.
I'm an introvert, a quiet guy, and have always had anxiety and self-consciousness stalk me wherever I go.
When William Sheldon invented the ectomorph/mesomorph/endomorph body type system, they suspected a connection between being an ectomorph and having anxiety. Who's to say if it's true, but nonetheless, anxiety and a lack of confidence were traits that significantly affected me.
There was one moment where this affliction punched me square in the face.
I went on a routine coffee run one morning before work and while standing in line, in walked my version of a dream girl.
This girl was gorgeous—like, unbelievably gorgeous—and they had this energy that drew me right in. They caught me staring (pretty sure my mouth was agape too) and offered up a smile before shyly looking away. Is it corny to say I felt my heart flutter? Whatever, man—it did. I would've done anything to meet them
But I didn't. I couldn't.
I froze. I was a statue. There was no chance I was moving. I was way too nervous, completely stuck in my head, too afraid of being rejected in front of total strangers.
This wasn't even an uncommon occurrence for me. Around important people and during important moments, I choked. I labored to do new things outside my comfort zone, like talking to strangers or, say, taking up yoga or an acting class.
Public speaking and job interviews made me want to die.
And yeah, my dating life could have been going better.
Weightlifting for me was a gateway drug into self-improvement. It showed me that if you want to make a change in your life, you can, and you alone are personally responsible for that change.
Well, I lacked confidence, and I wanted to make that change.
It wasn't until a few nights later—at the gym, of all places—that I figured out how to solve it.
Weak Muscles
Consider these hypothetical situations:
A skinny guy who hasn't lifted weights in over a year walks into a gym. They confidently pick up two 45 pound plates and puts them on a barbell. They try to bench press the weight, but the bar doesn't budge.
An introverted/shy guy who has never approached a woman in their life finally musters up enough courage to start a conversation with an attractive girl at a coffee shop. They say “hi” but is too anxious to listen; the conversation becomes unnatural, and then it dies out.
Here I was at the gym on a Friday night, still reeling from the trauma of my inaction from earlier in the week, when it finally clicked for me: that shy guy in the coffee shop has the same problem as the skinny guy at the gym.
Both have weak muscles.
That's right. Just like our physical muscles, we have our “confidence muscles.”
And we strengthen our confidence muscles the same way as we strengthen our physical ones—by starting small, lifting a manageable weight, being consistent, and putting in focused effort towards exercising them. If we never take the time to do these things, we stay weak and scrawny.
The analogy made perfect sense to me.
As an introvert, I was avoiding threatening social situations nearly as much as Shane, Jared and Marco avoid marathons.
I was too scared to present in front of company directors at work. I rationalized my way out of meeting a VIP who could have been my dream mentor. I had so many opportunities to meet amazing women, and I wimped out of all of them.
But of course that happened. My confidence muscles were tiny. I had never devoted time or energy to developing them, and here I was expecting to jump right into the deep end.
I was expecting to be able to bench a ton of weight without having ever gone to the gym.
I needed to get stronger, and the only way I knew how to build muscle was to create and follow a workout.
Introducing the Confidence Workout
I created my first confidence workout right there in the gym.
As I designed it, I realized the most important thing was that it had to be doable.
Research shows that the reason most people struggle to build confidence is that they get stuck in their bedroom analyzing different theories because the idea of taking action seems too overwhelming. So I made the exercises small and manageable enough for me to actually want to do them.
I started by targeting three essential confidence muscle groups:
Stage 1: Self-Esteem Training (to work on my core confidence)
Stage 2: Social Lifting (to develop my social skills)
Stage 3: Big Moment Bodybuilding (for coolness in big moments like the job interview or work presentation)
I followed the workout to a T. Some days I loved it, some days I gave up. But each time I did an exercise, I was building momentum.
To give you a glimpse into some of the things I did, I went tango dancing for the first time in my life and made a complete fool of myself. I approached dozens of strangers in the mall and made new friends. I danced to Frank Sinatra in a department store with a shoe salesperson. I gave an impassioned monologue in Starbucks. I got a lot of discounts on hotel rooms just because I asked.
Sounds interesting, right? But did these unconventional exercises help me build real, tangible confidence?
About two months after completing the workout, I met a family friend for coffee. For the first five minutes, they looked me up and down like only a psychologist would. (She's a psychologist.) I sensed they had something to tell me, and I was right.
“You know Nick,” they said while studying me. “You are… qualitatively different than the last time I saw you. You have this sense of calm about you. What's changed?!”
What's changed? Everything!
Professionally, I took a chance and started my own business. I started taking more risks in my dating life (and they were already paying off).
But most importantly, for the first time in my life, I felt confident.
My limiting social fears—that I wasn't any good around people, that I had to be perfect, that I had to be liked by everyone—were destroyed.
Taking Other People Out Into The Social Gym
During the following months, I found other people asking me the same question as the psychologist. Except now, people were interested in learning about “The Confidence Workout.”
So I taught them.
I guess you could say I was their personal trainer.
I took out friends, colleagues, and complete strangers who found me on the internet into the social gymnasium (places like the mall, sporting events, and festivals) and taught them the exercises I had used to kill my own anxiety. Most of them were quiet and shy, just like I had been.
Some of their results were more profound than mine.
One social gym rat got their dream job because they met a complete stranger at a coffee shop. A female friend I worked with was able to get a promotion at work based entirely on a speech that they had been too terrified even to consider a few months prior. A shy client who worked in sales became the top performer just a few months later.
And there was even one guy who had never had a girlfriend. Less than three months after starting The Confidence Workout, they had to cross that off their resume.
I believe The Confidence Workout made them strong.
So what now?
As I mentioned earlier, the most important thing you can do to build confidence is something. Something to start building up successful experiences that you can draw confidence from. Here are some very doable actions that you can take today to get your feet wet.
Nod at strangers walking down the street. (5 reps.) Say hello to people in a British (or Canadian) accent. (5 reps.) Ask a stranger for a recommendation: food, drink, book, movie, TV show, etc. (1 rep.) Say “how are you?” to service people: cashiers, servers, bartenders, etc. (3 reps.) Ask a stranger if they have any big plans for the weekend. (1 rep.) Eat at a restaurant alone. (1 rep.) Hi-five a stranger. (1 rep.)
That's right. My exercises from the very first workout I made.
My challenge to you: do three of them today.
If you complete them, 1) reward yourself with something great (you are creating a habit by doing this), and 2) email me and tell me how they went (I bet they will be more fun than you think).
The Call to Action
Offer for B2B community: do you want the full version (complete with every exercise) of The Confidence Workout? I'm turning The Workout into a book and giving it away to the B2B community and early readers for free. It's coming out soon, so this free offer will soon end.
Head over and get it here: thesocialintrovert.org
New York City's aging 911 dispatch system, which has recently faced problems, went offline a number of times on Monday, for a total of 90 minutes, causing delays and forcing operators to use pen and paper to record emergency calls, the authorities said.
The failures, at least six in all, slowed 911 response times somewhat, said Francis X. Gribbon, a Fire Department spokesperson. By Monday evening, the system was fully operational again. It was not yet clear what caused the failures, Mr. Gribbon said, though they noted that the problem seemed to have occurred in the system's data storage equipment.
No calls were lost, and two other systems used to dispatch police officers and firefighters remained online, the Fire Department said in a statement.
The 911 dispatch system has encountered trouble recently, as the city works on a $2 billion upgrade. Spikes in the number of calls have occasionally overwhelmed the system, causing disruptions. Technical failures and human error have sometimes resulted in costly delays in emergency response times.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - More than 10 weeks after losing a local council election in western Moscow, Vladimir Putin's party is clinging to power there - by fair means or foul.
Dmitry Prokhorov (R) a local deputy of the pro-Kremlin United Russia party, pushes opposition deputy Vadim Korovin (L) to prevent them from reaching the seat of the chairperson during a session of a Moscow municipal council, in this still image taken from a video in Moscow, Russia November 21, 2017. Still picture taken November 21, 2017. REUTERS/Maria Tsvetkova
The standoff over control of Filyovsky Park Council came to a head when opposition councillor Vadim Korovin tried to sit in the chairperson's seat at a meeting on Tuesday. A councillor from the Russian president's United Russia cut their microphone cable and then body-checked them as they tried to reach the seat.
“This is a violent occupation and seizure of power!” Korovin protested to the United Russia representative, Dmitry Prokhorov, who pushed them from their way as a police officer stepped in to prevent a fight.
All four United Russia members on the council then walked out. Soon afterwards the electricity in the building, and all the lights, went off.
Using flashlights of mobile phones to see, the six opposition members of the 10-seat council continued the meeting. They elected Korovin as deputy chairperson and, in effect, caretaker leader, but the United Russia members later refused to recognise the vote.
The battle to control the council, witnessed by a Reuters correspondent who attended Tuesday's meeting, shows how difficult some of Putin's allies find it to surrender power when confronted with the unfamiliar experience of an election defeat.
Moscow is not typical of Russia, as support for Putin and their allies across the country is high. Opinion polls suggest they will easily win next year's presidential election if, as is widely expected, they run.
But Putin, 65, is barred under the constitution from ruling for more than two consecutive terms so the question of who will succeed him, and how their allies will act when they leaf the political stage, will loom large in coming years.
United Russia representatives have refused to cede power in 10 districts of Moscow where they suffered defeats in local elections on Sept. 10, according to the organisers of the opposition campaign in the Russian capital.
Dmitry Gudkov, a former lawmaker who runs what is known as the United Democrats project, said the Moscow administration, which controls the building where Tuesday's meeting was held, was in a position to play spoiling tactics.
“If they want to disrupt our work they will do it,” they said.
Alexander Semennikov, a United Russia deputy in the Moscow city parliament who heads a commission that deals with relations with local councils, said any decisions made by the six Kremlin opponents on the council would have “close to zero” legitimacy.
They described Tuesday's events as part of a “stormy stage in the evolution of municipal institutions in Moscow,” and urged the two sides to reach an agreement to resolve the situation.
A spokesperson at the Moscow mayor's office referred questions to the city administration's Western region, which includes Filyovsky Park. A spokesperson for the Western region declined to comment.
CONTRADICTORY LAWS
United Russia defeated the opposition in a majority of the 125 Moscow districts where voting took place on Sept. 10 but Kremlin opponents increased their share of the vote.
Since the election, opposition councillors in some districts have been stymied by contradictory provisions in the legislation that governs how the councils are organised.
The law states that a council's chair stays in the post until replaced after an election and must be elected by a two-thirds majority. It does not explain what happens if control of the council changes hands but, as in Filyovsky Park district, no party has a two-thirds majority.
In Filyovsky Park, a district with 90,000 inhabitants, Tigran Mkrtchyan, a United Russia member who was appointed interim chairperson in August, was among officials who lost their seat on Sept. 10.
But because no side has the two-thirds majority required to elect a new chair, Mkrtchyan, who runs a shopping mall, has continued carrying out their duties.
Official documents issued by the council since the election bear their signature, and the Moscow prosecutor's office supported Mkrtchyan's stance in October.
A police officer separates Dmitry Prokhorov (R) a local deputy of the pro-Kremlin United Russia party, and opposition deputy Vadim Korovin (L) during a session of a Moscow municipal council, in this still image taken from a video in Moscow, Russia November 21, 2017. Still picture taken November 21, 2017. REUTERS/Maria Tsvetkova
A document seen by Reuters said former heads of municipal districts can keep running a council until a replacement is elected, even if they have lost their own place on the council. It cited a 2003 law in support of its argument.
Tuesday's meeting, the council's second since the election, had been intended by the opposition council member to break the impasse. But after leaving the meeting, Mkrtchyan told Reuters they would keep the position of temporary head of the council until a new leader is elected.
They and their associates still appeared to be in charge on Friday. When Reuters placed a call to the council, a member of Mkrtchyan's team picked up the phone.
Colllingwood's Mason Cox has been elevated to the senior list
COLLINGWOOD has upgraded American import Mason Cox to the senior list ahead of its must-win game against Melbourne on Sunday at the MCG.
Cox joined the Magpies in 2015 and was a solid performer at VFL level and played in the opening NAB Challenge game against Geelong in March.
They have been a good performer in the VFL and kicked one goal against Port Melbourne in the opening round of the VFL last Sunday, although they spent most of their time in the ruck.
The former basketballer from Oklahoma State University is 211 centimetres tall and kicked 17 goals in 19 games in the VFL in 2015, including six goals against Richmond.
If selected for the senior team, Cox could be a handy forward and back-up ruckman for Brodie Grundy after the Magpies have been forced to use key forward Travis Cloke as a back-up in the first three rounds.
Cox has replaced Matt Scharenberg, who was already on the long-term injury list.
The Magpies have already used 29 players in 2016, the most of any team.
Environmental specialist Duncan Gromko discusses the ecosystem effects of the Panama Canal and its expansion.
When ships cross the Panama Canal, a series of locks raise them a full 26 meters. Thisprocess requires a lot of water from Gatun Lake – more than 55 million gallons for each ship. To accommodate larger cargo ships, the canal is being expanded, and a bigger canal means bigger water requirements.
But just because humans create demands does not mean nature creates supply. Rainfall in Panama varies significantly depending on the season – during the dry season, withdrawals from the canal make a significant impact on water levels. Each year, there is a one in fifteen chance that water levels will drop so low that canal operations are restricted.
Since the canal generates an annual US$1.8 billion in fees for the government of Panama, there is a very real economic reason to ensure continued water flow for the canal and the expansion of the canal makes that need even more pressing. As I've written about before, forests and other ecosystems play an important role in providing a dependable water supply.
The Panama Canal watershed is 55 percent forested, a 40 percent decline since 1974. In order to maintain water supply to the canal, Panamanian policymakers have created protected areas for two-thirds of the forested canal watershed. A 1997 land-use plan aims to increase forest cover in the watershed through reforestation in order to increase water flows to the canal, particularly during the dry season.
However, a recent study by Silvio Simonit and Charles Perrings (sorry, the full article is behind a pay wall) says this reforestation initiative may be slightly misguided. The relationship between ecosystems and local hydrology is much more complicated than it may seem at first glance. “The net impact of vegetation change on water flows depends on its effects on surface runoff, infiltration, and evapotranspiration. Transitions between vegetation types alter all three.”
Forests increase the infiltration of water into the soil, allowing for groundwater recharge. They also increase an ecosystem's leaf index (the surface area of all green surfaces for a region), which increases evaporation. These two forces counteract each other and local circumstances determine which one dominates.
The specific results of the study are too complicated for a blog post, but the important takeaway is that reforestation in some places will increase water flow, but in other places will decrease flow. “…Only where there are high precipitation rates, flat terrain, and soil types with high potential infiltration is reforestation likely to enhance dry-season flows.” Only 37 percent of currently forested area increases dry-season water flows; reforestation of the entire area would reduce dry-season flows by 8.4 percent.
In addition to specific recommendations for the canal watershed, this study has broader implications for policymakers. As the term “ecosystem services” becomes a part of people's vocabulary, it's important to understand that the relationship between an ecosystem and the benefits it provides to people is not a simple one. Not all forests directly increase water supply. Some coastal reefs will provide greater storm protection than others. Some biological diversity is more valuable to people than other.
Allow me to indulge in a slight tangent: this brings up two important issues with the push to include ecosystem services into decision-making. First, it means that careful study is needed to be sure that investments in ecosystems lead to the desired benefits. Panama can increase dry-season water flow to the Canal through reforestation, but only if it targets the right areas. It's even more complicated than the article describes; ecosystems are complex systems that are probably impossible to fully model. For instance, although evaporation from increased tree cover decreases water recharge, it also contributes to cloud formation, likely increasing precipitation elsewhere. Second, reducing the value of nature to the benefits it provides people is, well, very anthropocentric. Is improving human welfare the only reason to protect the environment?
Coming back to Panama, the article points out that there are many other benefits to forest restoration. Although the impact on water supply is ambiguous, reforestation will unequivocally increase carbon sequestration and timber supply. This is where the decision gets really complicated. Does Panama prioritize: a) timber production, which would have a local economic impact, b) water supply, which would also have an economic impact, but on a different population, or c) carbon sequestration which provides global benefits (since it reduces the impact of climate change).
There are other tradeoffs as well: reforestation might increase ecotourism, but will likely require the displacement of agriculture.
All in all, planning based on ecosystem services is complicated. Simonit and Perrings' study improves our understanding of how the environment impacts people. However, we still have a lot to learn. And the expansion of the Panama Canal is setting off a series of environmental challenges at ports throughout Latin America that need to be addressed.
Duncan Gromko works on environment issues at the Inter American Development Bank. You can check out their other writing at http://naturalcapital1.blogspot.com/ or follow them on Twitter @dgromko
Advertisements
As discussed in our last entry, replication is an ideal way for most organizations to meet the data protection and data recovery demands of their mission critical applications. But there is a choice that IT needs to make when selecting a replication solution. Should they select a hardware-based solution, one that is integrated into their storage system or should they select a software-based solution that requires separate implementation but provides freedom of choice?
What is Hardware-Based Replication?
Hardware-based replication is still software. It is just integrated into the storage system. Most storage systems today include Ethernet connectivity, so granting them access to a WAN connection is relatively easy. Also, enabling replication on these systems is straightforward and with a few clicks the storage administrator can replicate volumes of data. Hardware-based replication does not require the installation of any software on the client, which further simplifies installation. Finally, the client-less replication means that any operating system that can connect to the array can be protected.
Most hardware-based replication solutions leverage the storage system's snapshot capability to feed data to the target system. After making the initial copy, a snapshot is taken on a periodic basis and the changes in that snapshot are replicated to the secondary storage system. The window of data exposure is dependent on the time in between snapshots. Considering most organizations don't snapshot every 15 minutes, hardware-based replication may not meet an organization's mission critical recovery needs.
Hardware-based replications has some other notable downsides. First, in almost every case, the target system must be from the same vendor as the source system. Some of these vendors will allow replication from a higher-end system to one of their lower-end systems, but the premium the customer pays for a name brand storage system is definitely felt at least twice. Considering the customer may rarely use that second system, the extra expense may feel wasteful. The hardware limitation also means an organization using multiple vendors to meet their primary storage needs will have to manage several different replication interfaces.
The second concern stems from this first concern; if the source and target systems must be from the same vendor then replicating data to the cloud is more limited. A few of these vendors have enabled the software of their storage systems to run in the cloud which would enable cloud replication.
The third concern is because of their lack of an agent, these systems lose granularity to the data they are protecting. They operate at a volume level so if the volume is 90% extraneous data and 10% mission critical data, these solutions need to replicate the whole volume.
What is Software-Based Replication?
Software-based replication is not integrated into the array. This means a software client needs to be installed on the servers being protected and each server needs to be individually managed and monitored. Some replication software will install at the hypervisor level so a single installation will protect all of the virtual machines in an environment. Typically, the client software will replicate data, at a byte or block level, as it changes to a target system, narrowing the window of exposure.
Despite this seemingly more difficult installation, software-based replication has some significant advantages. First, it is near-realtime. As data is changing it is being sent to the secondary storage system. There is not the exposure window of hardware-based replication. Second, its ability to run at the client means it can be more granular, and only replicates data sets needed in the disaster. It may also have better interfaces with applications, allowing for the creation of a cleaner snapshot.
The third advantage is probably the biggest. With software-based replication the secondary target can be from a variety of vendors, including second tier vendors that may be significantly less expensive than the name brand vendors. The lowering of costs may also enable the organization to include the protection of a greater number of applications with the software.
This hardware flexibility also helps on the source side. The source systems can also be from a variety of vendors, that means an organization with primary storage systems from multiple vendors can use a single replication tool to protect mission critical applications. It also means that when the organization decides to upgrade its production hardware they don't have to change their mission critical replication process.
The final advantage is software-based replication, because it is flexible on the target side selection, is better equipped to work with cloud providers. In fact several replication vendors allow the replication of data to all of the major public cloud storage providers.
StorageSwiss Take
The big advantage to hardware-based replication is it can protect a hundred of servers with very low installation requirements because they are protecting at the volume level. There is also the appearance of the capability being free since it is bundled with the storage hardware. Of course it's not really free, it is just factored into the price.
Software-based replication has the big advantage of flexibility. The hardware targets and sources can be from a variety of vendors which allows the organization to keep costs down. It also can provide a more frequent protection minimizing exposure, something important to mission-critical applications.
Since protecting mission critical applications are typically few in number, the fact replication software has a client component to be installed on every server it protects is of less consequence. The gain in better granularity, better hardware flexibility and more continuous protection offsets the theoretical challenges of installing the client on a handful of mission critical servers.
We bought this for Christmas for our 4-year-old on the recommendation of friends with a similar aged kid. It has been a serious hit. They learned to play really quickly, but even before they really understood what they were doing they enjoyed it. And it's pretty fun for adults to play along with kids (or without kids) also. Sometimes my husband and I would get so into finishing the level, we would play it after our son went to sleep. It can be slightly maddening, at times, to play with a 4-year-old, but that's how most things are these days, so we're used to it. The two players are yolked together, so you have to go the same direction at the same pace or someone can get dropped out of the game. But once you learn to play together, it's fine and probably a good exercise in team work. The Star Wars aspect of it is pretty fun too- it follows all 6 movies. You collect currency (Lego pieces) that you can spend on unlocking characters and abilities. Since kids don't always get the currency aspect of the game, my husband and I helped with that too sometimes after bedtime. That helped make the game even more fun I think- my husband insists it helped a lot. All in all, as video games go this is a good one. Easy for kids to master (our four-year-old was soon giving their grandparents lessons on how to play) fun for adults too. I would suggest that for younger kids it would be best to play with an adult (Or older kid) at first until they get the hang of it and know how to move through the levels. Slightly addictive, of course, so there is that danger.
In Backlash To Trump, Democrat Ralph Northam Wins Virginia Governor's Race
Updated at 11:44 p.m. ET
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
Democrat Ralph Northam has easily won the Virginia governor's race, defeating Republican Ed Gillespie in a stinging rebuke to President Trump.
Loading...
The surprisingly early call in what was expected to be a much closer contest portended a very good night for Democrats in the Old Dominion and across the country. And one year after the 2016 presidential contest, Democrats finally got a signature victory after long boasting of rising opposition to Trump that hadn't paid off with wins in other high-profile races this year.
Polls in the final days had predicted a close race in Virginia, but ultimately Northam, the incumbent lieutenant governor, successfully rode an anti-Trump wave to victory over Gillespie's hard-line message on immigration and social issues. With nearly all votes in, Northam was besting Gillespie by about 9 points, higher than Hillary Clinton's 5-point win just last November.
Virginia Democrats also elected Justin Fairfax as lieutenant governor — just the second African-American elected to statewide office since Reconstruction — and re-elected Mark Herring as attorney general.
Trump quickly weighed in via Twitter, arguing Gillespie lost because they hadn't embraced them enough. Trump didn't campaign in person for Gillespie, though they did tweet out support for them and recorded a robocall saying the Republican candidate would help "make America great again."
The backlash to Trump wasn't limited just to the Virginia governor's mansion, however. Democrats are are poised to make major gains in the Virginia House of Delegates as well, including electing the country's first openly transgender state lawmaker, and with several races still too close to call control of the chamber could still switch hands. Democrat Danica Roem defeated Republican Bob Marshall, an outspoken social conservative who unsuccessfully sponsored a so-called bathroom bill in the state Legislature and refused to call Roem "she" or "her." Democrat Chris Hurst, a former local news anchor whose girlfriend and fellow reporter Alison Parker was murdered on live TV in 2015, also flipped a House seat from GOP control.
Other contests weren't as much of a surprise. In New Jersey, Democrat Phil Murphy easily bested Republican Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno. Outgoing GOP Gov. Chris Christie has the lowest approval ratings of any governor in the country, and Trump remains deeply unpopular there as well. And in New York City, Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio was easily re-elected to a second term.
It was the Virginia contests that were seen as the better bellwether ahead of 2018, when Democrats are hoping to make major gains as Trump's approval ratings continue to plummet. The last few weeks of the Virginia contest turned especially bitter as the race tightened. Gillespie doubled down on a Trumpian message, promising a crackdown on violence by Latino gangs and pledging to protect Confederate monuments. The messaging was a major turn for the former Republican National Committee chairperson, but had they been successful it would have meant Republicans nationwide would not be afraid to embrace Trump's more populist, anti-establishment message come next year. Instead, Gillespie's hard right turn — after nearly losing the primary to a far-right challenger — didn't pay off in the general election.
Northam, meanwhile, tried to unite Democrats' centrist and progressive wings, although they upset the latter last week when they said they would be willing to sign a bill banning so-called sanctuary cities for undocumented immigrants. Those divides didn't appear to hurt them at the ballot box.
In their victory speech, Northam didn't mention Trump by name, but their message was clear — Virginia will be a welcoming place in comparison to Trump's immigration policies and broader nationalist agenda.
"We live in a very diverse society. It is getting more diverse every day. It is that diverse society that makes this country great," Northam said. "And as long as I'm governor I will make sure that we're inclusive, that we welcome people to the commonwealth of Virginia."
Ultimately Democratic turnout was high across the commonwealth, and Northam was running well ahead of Clinton in key areas in the state. Exit polls showed that, in particular, college-educated white voters turned out at higher levels than in 2016 to support the Democratic ticket. While nearly half of voters said Trump didn't factor into their decision, those who said they showed up to show opposition to the president were more than double the number who said they voted to show support for Trump.
Republican presidential contender Rick Perry branded Donald Trump's candidacy a “cancer on conservatism” Wednesday in the strongest denunciation yet of the billionaire's provocations in the campaign.
Perry's blistering criticism came after Trump announced plans to visit the Mexico border, a flashpoint in the primary contest ever since they declared that immigrants from Mexico are rapists and drug dealers.
Trump's announcement signaled there would be no backing down–indeed, a possible further escalation–in their feud with presidential rivals and other figures in the party. That feud was sparked by their comments about immigrants last month and accelerated when they mocked Arizona Sen. John McCain's experience as a tortured prisoner in the Vietnam War.
{snip}
“He offers a barking carnival act that can be best described as Trumpism: a toxic mix of demagoguery, mean-spiritedness and nonsense that will lead the Republican Party to perdition if pursued,” Perry said in a speech in Washington hosted by a super political action committee supporting their campaign.
“Let no one be mistaken,” Perry said, “Donald Trump's candidacy is a cancer on conservatism, and it must be clearly diagnosed, excised and discarded. It cannot be pacified or ignored, for it will destroy a set of principles that has lifted more people out of poverty than any force in the history of the civilized world–the cause of conservatism.”
Trump plans to travel to Laredo, Texas, on Thursday, where they will hold a news conference at the border, meet members of the union that represents Border Patrol agents and speak to law enforcement officers, their campaign said.
{snip}
Jeb Bush, in South Carolina, was asked about the coming primary debates, for which Trump is expected to qualify based on their performance in polls. “This will be a first for me,” Bush said, “so I'm not certain how all this plays out.”
A day earlier they said Trump's rhetoric is “divisive, it's ugly, it's mean-spirited,” but people who support them have “legitimate concerns about the country.”
{snip}
In a speech Tuesday to hundreds of supporters in Bluffton, South Carolina, Trump kept on McCain, accusing them of being soft on illegal immigration.
“He's totally about open borders and all this stuff,” Trump said.
McCain roused Trump's temper last week when the senator said the business person's inflammatory remarks about Mexican immigrants had brought out the “crazies.”
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Today, the The Bishops and Elders Council, convened by the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, will hold a noontime vigil at Washington DC's National City Christian Church, in protest of legislation before Uganda's Parliament, the Anti Homosexuality Bill, that would allow execution of homosexual Ugandans.
The bill would also create an Orwellian anti-gay police state by requiring citizens to report suspected homosexual activity to authorities or face three years in prison. Homosexuality in Uganda can already be punished by up to life in prison.
As the US Holocaust Museum describes the persecution of homosexuals in Nazi Germany,
The vast majority of homosexual victims were males; lesbians were not subjected to systematic persecution. While lesbian bars were closed, few women are believed to have been arrested... Homosexuality outside Germany (and incorporated Austria and other annexed territories) was not a subject generally addressed in Nazi ideology or policy; the concern focused on the impact of homosexuality on the strength and birthrate of the Aryan population. During the war years, 1939 to 1945, the Nazis did not generally instigate drives against homosexuality in German-occupied countries. ...Unlike Jews, men arrested as homosexuals were not systematically deported to Nazi-established ghettos in eastern Europe. Nor were they transported in mass groups of homosexual prisoners to Nazi extermination camps in Poland.
According to the Holocaust Museum, from 1933 t0 1945 approximately 100,000 of Germany's estimated 1.2 million male homosexuals were arrested, with 50,000 sentenced and imprisoned. 5,000 to 15,000 of those were sent to concentration camps.
In political discourse comparisons to Nazism are almost always hyperbolic, inflammatory, and inaccurate. But the Anti Homosexuality Bill before Uganda's Parliament is actually more draconian than anti-gay laws passed under Hitler's Third Reich.
The Uganda bill exceeds the 1935 revisions to Section 175 of the German Penal Code concerning homosexuality promulgated under Nazi rule, and it is more severe than the Nuremberg Laws, which stripped Germany's Jews of many of the basic rights of German citizenship. While the Nuremberg Laws stopped short of legislating Jewish German citizens out of public existence, the Anti Homosexuality Bill, as originally introduced in October 2009, would do just that to gay Ugandan citizens.
That is what is so striking about the Uganda bill - it goes where even the Nazis feared to tread. But US media, the American left, and much of the world are for the most part silent.
Hitler's deadly Final Solution was carried out furtively. It was not declared openly as a matter of national policy. But the attempt in Uganda to categorically eliminate an entire stratum of Ugandan society, hundreds of thousands of people or more, is happening quite openly, before the eyes of the world.
The building eliminationist anti-gay campaign in Uganda has been most extensively covered by the gay rights news service Box Turtle Bulletin, which on April 24 noted an apparent "stealth" attempt, by Ugandan legislators, to pack provisions of the Uganda Anti Homosexuality Bill into other pieces of legislation, in an apparent attempt to evade media coverage [note: evangelical Christian college professor Warren Throckmorton has also closely covered the Uganda bill.]
Tuesday's Washington DC religious vigil will also protest the planned rally, scheduled for May 2nd in Uganda's capital Kampala, to be held by American evangelist Lou Engle's TheCall.
Gay and human rights activists fear the rally will feed the rising tide of antigay hatred in Uganda. Engle teaches that homosexuals are possessed by demons and has called San Francisco's Castro District a place "where the homosexuals boast the dominion of darkness."
According to the website of TheCall Uganda the planned event is "intended to awaken and revive the young and the old, men and women, church and family, government and the public and to fight vices eating away at our society." Listed "vices" include "Witchcraft and human sacrifice" and "Homosexuality and increased immorality."
During the Fall 2008 push to pass California's anti-gay marriage Proposition Eight voter referendum, Engle's TheCall maintained 8 field offices in the state and staged the capstone rally for the effort, during which Engle and one of their disciples made calls for acts of Christian martyrdom to stop gay marriage and abortion.
In December 2008, a month after Lou Engle's November 1, 2008 capstone rally for the Proposition Eight push, Engle brought their TheCall event to Kenya. Now, a year and a half later, Lou Engle is bringing TheCall to Uganda.
Gays are not the only group being demonized in Uganda. Jews are almost non-existent in Uganda but hundreds of thousands of copies of a viciously anti-Jewish evangelical comic book called Manga Messiah have been distributed to Ugandan school children, free of charge.
According Boston-based liberal think-tank Political Research Associates Senior Analyst Chip Berlet, Manga Messiah is, "A colorful comic training manual for motivating young leaders of the next pogrom against Jews. Not just offensive--ghastly and horrific in content with a clear enemy scapegoat identified for venting apocalyptic religious bigotry."
There's historical precedent for the demonizing of both gays and Jews. In late 2005 Rabbi Eric Yoffie, head of the largest branch of American Judaism reminded a synagogue audience of 5,000,
"We cannot forget that when Hitler came to power in 1933, one of the first things that they did was ban gay organizations," Yoffie said. "Yes, we can disagree about gay marriage. But there is no excuse for hateful rhetoric that fuels the hellfires of anti-gay bigotry."
In late 2009 Political Research Associates Project Director Kapya Kaoma released an extended report, Globalizing the Culture Wars: U.S. Conservatives, African Churches, & Homophobia, accusing American evangelicals of exporting their anti-gay, culture war agenda to Africa.
Kaoma's report especially singled out globally influential evangelist Rick Warren as playing a major role inciting anti-gay sentiment in Uganda. Following considerable public pressure Warren released a December 10, 2009 statement calling on Uganda's pastors to denounce the Uganda anti-gay bill. In the statement Warren denied that they were "conspiring" with a man named C. Peter Wagner to "rid the world of homosexuals."
As described in Rick Warren's Dissertation Advisor Leads Network Promoting Uganda Anti-Gay Bill, Peter Wagner leads a global charismatic evangelical movement that has played a significant role in organizing and inspiring Ugandan legislators who have drafted, sponsored, and backed Uganda's Anti Homosexuality Bill.
Apostles in C. Peter Wagner's International Coalition of Apostles are closely tied to Duke Aiona, the 2010 GOP gubernatorial candidate for the governorship of Hawaii, and they are building electoral organizing machines in cities and town across America - such as in the biggest city of traditionally blue-state New Jersey, Newark. TheCall Founder Lou Engle serves on C. Peter Wagner's Apostolic Council of Prophetic Elders.
Bacteria. AP Photo/Centers for Disease Control and Prevention The possibility that superbugs — bacteria that can't be killed by our best antimicrobials — might become widespread is a terrifying doomsday scenario. In such a future, driven by our extreme overuse of antibiotics, we'd effectively return to the dark ages when people routinely died of bacterial infections.
Over-prescription of antibiotics to human patients contributes to the development of resistant bacteria, but in the United States about 80% of total antimicrobial use goes toward raising animals for food. The Food and Drug Administration recognizes the threat this poses to human health and has encouraged farmers — who use antibiotics routinely, not just when animals are sick — to curb their use.
The problem isn't just in the US, though. It's global in scale — and according to a study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, it's about to get much worse.
Reuters
To get a handle on antimicrobial use in raising livestock worldwide, an international team of scientists mapped where in the world antimicrobials are used in livestock, and how much is used in each country.
They estimated that in 2010, the world used about 63,151 tons of antimicrobials in livestock. China's usage already exceeded that in the US, and the researchers project that — driven by a growing demand for meat around the world and a shift to large-scale farming practices — "antimicrobial consumption will rise by 67% by 2030, and nearly double in Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa."
On the chart below, (A) shows the five countries that used the most antimicrobials in livestock in 2010, and (B) shows the researchers' projections for 2030:
Van Boeckel et. al., PNAS 2015
The researchers also created a heatmap of antimicrobial use in livestock around the world:
The darker the color, the more antibiotics used. PNAS
"Antimicrobial consumption hotspots" are in darker red on the map, including Sichuan province and the southeast coast of China, the south coast of India, the south of Brazil, and the midwestern and southern regions of the United States.
Armed with this map, we have a better idea of how much we use antimicrobials for raising livestock around the world, and which areas might be more likely to produce a drug-resistant bug.
Cows, chickens, and pigs
The researchers also made separate maps to show antimicrobial use for raising different species of animals.
In Europe, the antimicrobial use for raising cattle wasn't as intense as for raising chickens and pigs. This is partly because antimicrobial use is proportionately lower for cows, and partly because chicken and pigs are raised closer together than cows.
Map A shows antimicrobial use for cows, B for chickens, and C for pigs:
PNAS
The researchers did a similar breakdown for chicken (map A) and pigs (B) in Asia, including predictions for where antimicrobial use will increase significantly (purple on the maps).
PNAS
Limitations
The researchers acknowledged some assumptions in their model that could have affected the maps that came out. Because data about antimicrobial consumption were only available from 32 high-income countries, they had to use that data to estimate antimicrobial use for low and middle-income countries with similar farming practices. That could have made their estimate greater than the real amount of antimicrobial use.
But the researchers also think they overestimated antimicrobial use in the United States because they couldn't get data from individual states, so it might even out.
The study also did not differentiate between antimicrobial compounds used only in animals and those used in both humans and animals, which are are a greater concern for their role in stimulating drug-resistant bugs.
Still, this analysis is an important first step at assessing the scale of the problem. The next step is figuring out a solution.
Social Media Keep up to date with Old School RuneScape via news posts, community streams and more!
Quick Hop Allows you to seamlessly hop between worlds.
Hiscores Enables you to easily look up your friends or foes and offers autocomplete based on who is around you, on your friends list, or in your friends chat
Experience Keeps track of your experience gains and shows you information about it
Price Guide Allows you to search offers from the price guide
Treasure Trail Assistant Provides helpful tools to improve your Treasure Trail experience
Farming Tracks all things farming
Calculators A plugin that provides calculators.
Timers Helpful timers to improve your experience whilst 'scaping
Notepad Save important tasks using the built-in notepad
Twitch Chat Use Twitch Chat from OSBuddy
Client Performance Displays helpful information about your client
Mouseover Text Shows the current left-click option near the mouse like RS3.
Hitpoints Orb Overlays poison information on the Hitpoints orb!
Special Attack Orb Displays the amount of special energy remaining on a minimap orb
Timer Manager Manages all of the various timers available ranging from bosses to potion effects
Camera Zoom Change your camera zoom by holding ctrl and scrolling up or down.
All Opponent Info Displays how much health your opponent has
Player Opponent Stats Displays a comparison of your opponent's stats and yours
Current Boosts Displays your current boosts or drains on your screen
Experience Drop Displays your experience gains as you get them
Attack Style Displays which attack style you are currently on for many weapons. Optionally enable warnings for when in defensive mode
World Map Shows an interactive world map which integrates with other plugins
Hunter Displays information about the status of your traps
Clan Chat Displays amount of people in the clan chat, ability to show ranks in chat
Name in TitleBar Shows your currently logged in account's name in the window's title bar. This is useful for being logged in on multiple accounts.
Clan View Displays nearby people wearing the same team cape
Location Service Share your location in-game for plugins which utilize this information.
Ge Updater Easily view ge offers
MouseKeys Offers the same functionality as Windows MouseKeys for those who are unable to have it
RS3-style F-keys Enables you to easily swap out your OSRS hotkeys for RS3-like hotkeys
Screenshot Never miss an important level up, quest, or clue scroll reward screenshot. Can automatically upload screenshots to Imgur
Menu Bar Links Creates a series of links on the menu bar to allow easy navigation to useful resources
Cooking A plugin to help you keep track of what you've cooked
Accessory Analytics
Screenshot Gallery Easily manage your captured screenshots
Trade Notifier Alerts you when you receive a trade or duel request
Waterskin Displays the amount of waterskin doses whilst within the desert
Altar Locator Shows prayer altars on the minimap if you need to pray
Authenticator Keep your account secure by using our authentication app with the Jagex authenticator
Slayer Displays your current task, the amount remaining, and where the monster is within the game and minimap
Item Overlay Displays names and quantities of nearby items on the ground
Potion Overlay Displays the boosts and drains from consumable potions
GE Guide Price Overlay Shows the actual value of the items according to the RSBuddy exchange
Shazam Wants some Pro? Shazam!
Level Up Messages Shows Combat and Total Level messages in game!
Chat Recolor Allows you to recolor chat messages in game.
Chat Playback Keeps track of your in-game chat, and will replay it back to you in each new session.
Chat Commands Adds commands to the chat! Try !cmb, !total and !lvl skill_name
Prayer Draws a circle around the prayer orb when your quick prayer is active
Chat Filters Filters chat messages from known spam bots
Remember Login Name Auto-fills in your login name for you!
Default Client Size Allows you to specify a default client size to use
Max Hit Displays your max melee hit in your equipment screen
Cursor Selector Allows you to select a custom cursor while playing OSRS
Legacy Treasure Trail Assistant The legacy Treasure Trail Assistant widget for incomplete clues.
Virtual Levels Show virtual levels within the stats tab. Only the bottom number will be changed.
Rune Pouch Displays the contents of your rune pouch
Fairy Rings Misc. Fairy Ring tools
Combat A system that tracks your kills while you do combat
Health Regeneration Shows how long until you will next regenerate health
Corporeal Beast Highlights the core and tells you who is being attacked
Runecrafting Updates you on the states of your pouches!
Monster Marker Displays selected nearby NPCs
Barrow Displays which brothers you have slain and which ones are remaining.
Blast Furnace Displays the status of various objects within the Blast Furnace minigame
Mining Collection of useful tools for mining. Idle notifications, resource logging, profits, obstacle highlighting, and more!
Woodcutting Displays helpful information about various trees you can cut down
Friend Displayer Shows you where your friends are on the minimap and on the game screen
Fishing Displays how many fish you have caught as well as what each fishing spot contains
Skills Tray Icon Displays either your prayer or your hitpoints in the system tray
Prayer Lets you know the optimal time to drink a prayer potion to avoid wasting any doses
Player-owned House Tools Collection of useful tools when inside of a Player-owned house.
Miscellania Overlay Tells you the current approval rating of your kingdom.
Agility Displays helpful information about Agility courses
Logout Alerter Alerts you when you're about to be logged out of the game
Cannonball Lets you know how many cannonballs you have remaining
Impling Finder Displays Implings on your minimap and in-game
Food Overlay Display how much health you will gain from a consumable item
Trade Overlay Displays the value of each side of the trade on the top part of the trade window using market values
Bank Overlay Displays the value of each item in the bank using the market value or alch values
Twitch Helper Shows information about your current twitch followers
Nightmare Zone Helper Locates and labels nearby power-ups
Death Marker Marks the location you died on the world map and minimap
Ring of Recoil Notifier Notifies you when your Ring of Recoil breaks!
Highlight notifier Notifies and highlights when keyphrases are said in chat
Jewelry Shows charges for various jewelry
Enchant Helper Helps you when enchanting jewelry
Pest Control Shows portal orders, spinner locations and much more!
Clue Scroll Messages Displays the value of your clue scroll in chat!
Screen Markers Manage various screen markers
Chat Shortcuts Provides some potentially useful chat shortcuts! (none added yet)
Reminder Adds a server message to the chatbox on login if there are any dailies you should complete.
Puzzle Solver Useful overlays that help you solve sliding puzzles within OSRS
On March 27, 2013, Judaculla Rock, a soapstone boulder in Jackson County, was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Though commonly identified simply as a boulder covered with ancient and mysterious engravings, Judaculla Rock is the best-known and largest example of an American Indian petroglyph that can be found in North Carolina.
The petroglyphs, or rock art, at Judaculla were carved intermittently within the Late Woodland to Late Mississippian periods from about 500 A.D. to 1700. The rock itself is actually one of several petroglyph boulders within a 15-acre area that is an archaeological site of great significance.
The site is also a landscape component of a prominent Cherokee legend that chronicles the vast supernatural and physical realm of a creature known as Judaculla. Cullohwee, six miles from the rock, is believed to be a shortened and anglicized form of Judaculla-whee, meaning Judaculla's Place.
Today, the Judaculla Rock is managed by Jackson County, which received the property in 1959 as a donation from the Parker family, very conscientious caretakers who still own the surrounding lands. The Eastern Band of the Cherokee is a principal partner in efforts to protect, enhance, and celebrate the site.
Other related resources:
The rise of libertarianism has been steady, but it wasn't very long ago that free markets and free minds were considered outside the norm. During the dark ages of statism, the time of FDR, and Mussolini, LBJ, and Brezhnev, the idea that people should run their own lives was considered radical. Though we were a country built on the ideas of “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness” we had long abandoned these principals for a planned state. We thought the state was “modern.” We thought it was “forward looking.” It took us 70 years to figure out that centralized planning is no way for humans to live. Well, not all of us have figured this out yet but times are definitely changing.
A couple of years ago I wrote about the American Political Reformation sparked by Ron Paul. Like Martin Luther who set off the wildfire which became the Protestant Reformation by exposing the hypocrisy of the Church, Ron Paul has done something similar by exposing the hypocrisy of our government. Where Luther held the Bible up to the leaders of the Church (who didn't follow the teachings of the Bible), Paul has held up the Constitution to the leaders of our government (who have long ignored the Constitution).
Now the country is really coming to terms with the heavy hand of government. In the wake of 9-11-2001, and then the ongoing financial crisis people have come to see the simple wisdom of just letting people live their lives as they see fit so long as that person isn't hurting anyone. What once seemed completely “out there” is no longer. Attitudes are changing and people are increasingly empowered.
(From Politico) Libertarian ideas often cross left-right boundaries. Lots of libertarians were involved in the tea party and the opposition to the bailouts, the car company takeovers, the 2009 stimulus bill and the quasi-nationalization of health care. But libertarians were also involved in the movement for gay marriage. Indeed, John Podesta, a top adviser to Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and founder of the Center for American Progress, noted in 2011 that you probably had to have been a libertarian to have supported gay marriage 15 years earlier. Or take marijuana legalization, which is just now becoming a majority position: Libertarians have been leaders in the opposition to the drug war for many years. Libertarians have played a key role in the defense of the right to keep and bear arms over the years, notably in the two recent Supreme Court cases that affirmed that the Second Amendment means what it says: Individuals have a right to own guns. Support for stricter gun control has been declining for years.
Click here for the article.
News
[ Submit a Story ] The following article was posted on November 2nd, 2016, in the Santa Maria Sun - Volume 17, Issue 35
Lawsuit aims to protect condors from oil drilling in Los Padres
By BRENNA SWANSTON
California condors have endured a tumultuous relationship with their human neighbors, to say the least. Early settlers in the West would kill or capture the birds, take their eggs, and diminish the supply of their usual prey. Killing condors was made illegal nearly a century ago, but that hasn't stopped people from disturbing them—condors suffered in recent decades from poisonous agricultural pesticides, lead contamination, and accidental collision with human-made structures and wires.
By the late 1970s, only a few dozen condors existed in the wild. They were captured, bred, rehabilitated, and released back into the wild along the Central Coast and in Arizona and Mexico. As of last year, the population had bounced back to exceed 400.
But the California condor's problems are far from over.
The latest threat: oil drilling and fracking in Los Padres National Forest, which makes up most of the condor's habitat in California. Two sites in the forest are leased to oil companies for drilling, including the South Cuyama Oil Field in the Cuyama Valley. And several others—adding up to 52,000 acres—are zoned to allow for oil and gas development under a plan created by federal agencies in 2005.
But environmental groups, including the Center for Biological Diversity and Los Padres ForestWatch, have undertaken a mission to halt oil development in the forest. Their latest action includes revising a 9-year-old lawsuit demanding that the U.S. Forest Service, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and other federal agencies re-evaluate their latest biological opinion on wildlife impacts by the Los Padres oil development plan.
Fish and Wildlife found in its report, released in September, that protective measures for the condor proposed by the Forest Service “are likely to prevent mortality or physical injury of individual condors due to microtrash, powerline collisions, contaminants, and other potential threats otherwise posed to condors by the proposed leasing program.”
The opinion conceded that oil and gas development activity would reduce the likelihood of condor habituation in the wild and ultimately result in the loss of up to two non-breeding California condors—but as far as ForestWatch is concerned, that's two too many.
“It adds up to a lot of condors,” ForestWatch Executive Director Jeff Kuyper told the Sun. “There's a cumulative impact, and we're concerned that because the population of condors is so low already—there's about 200 condors in the wild in California—harm to a single condor is extremely significant and should be avoided at all costs.”
Kuyper said oil drilling poses significant threats to the condors and their environment, including habitat destruction, the ingestion of microtrash, coating the birds with oil, and habituation impacts, which compromise the condor's ability to thrive and reproduce in its natural environment (without human intervention).
“Microtrash” refers to small pieces of trash, such as broken glass and bottle caps. Kuyper said condors have been known to pick up these items, bring them back to the nest, and feed them to their young, who aren't able to process the trash through their digestive systems and sometimes die or require surgery after eating it.
The habituation issue is both the most serious and the hardest to measure scientifically, Kuyper said. When condors start landing on oil pads or other manmade structures, it affects their ability to exist independently in the wild. The birds can fly up to 150 miles each day and require expansive untouched habitat in order to thrive, Kuyper said. And when they become accustomed to human development, they become less wild.
“It's hard for biologists to detect changes in condor behavior and prove that cause-and-effect relationship, but it is a common concern among biologists that condors spending time around any developed facility, and especially oil fields, does cause a situation,” they said.
Condors also maintain sensitive nesting processes, being that they lay only one egg every two years.
“Oil drilling is an extremely loud industrial operation, and condors need big wide open areas to survive in the wild,” Kuyper said. “Any time you have this highly industrialized and really intense activity in these remote areas, that's going to have a behavioral impact on the condors. It could interrupt their nesting and roosting behavior. It could result in nest failure.”
Still, Forest Service Public Affairs Officer Andrew Madsen told the Sun that the agency stands by its wildlife impact report. As for the impacts that oil drilling in Los Padres has had on the condors so far, they said the Forest Service is working with the leasing oil companies to mitigate those problems in the future, particularly those related to microtrash ingestion.
“We've taken a lot of steps out there,” Madsen said. “We've conveyed to the company the need to reduce that out there, so they've taken additional steps. We're not aware of any recent incidents involving condors and microtrash in the area.”
In a report released in December 2015, ForestWatch aggregated documented impacts of oil development on condors in Los Padres. While the report confirmed that microtrash hadn't been an issue recently, it did show multiple incidents of condors landing on oil pads.
“If they become used to oil development in their habitat, they'll become more inclined to land on homes, roofs, and radio towers, where they can pick up trash,” Kuyper said.
They said that the lawsuit is demanding that federal agencies better recognize the impacts that current and potential oil development could have on California condors.
“Our most recent action was notifying these agencies that once again their evaluation of impacts to endangered wildlife is incomplete and not consistent with the best available science and thus violates the Endangered Species Act,” Kuyper said. “Ultimately, we're asking them to simply comply with laws that are on the books that are designed to protect our country's wildlife.”
Brenna Swanston can be reached at bswanston@santamariasun.com.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Warner Bros. has released a new patch for Batman: Return to Arkham that adds support for the recently launched PlayStation 4 Pro console. As outlined in a forum post (via VideoGamer.com) the update delivers unspecified "visual upgrades," in addition to a number of "performance and stability improvements."
Here is a breakdown of those other improvements:
Performance / hitching issues have been improved for a more smooth and consistent framerate.
Intermittent crashing issues have been addressed to provide improved gameplay stability.
Your mileage may vary, but someone on Reddit claims this new patch, 1.02, is actually making the game run worse in some ways. Read the post here to learn more.
Return to Arkham came out in October for PS4 and Xbox One. The $50 package comes with updated versions of last-generation Batman games Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, which were developed by Rocksteady. Both contain "fully remastered and updated" graphics, while all previously released DLC is also included for both games.
Return to Arkham was developed by Virtuous, which previously worked on Heavy Rain's PS4 version and contributed to Uncharted 4: A Thief's End.
Your cheaper clothes don't have to fall apart after a year. Care for them correctly and they'll last long enough to be out of style.
Clothes can make the man — but cheap clothes don't make you a cheap man.
We have to start from somewhere. Most of us aren't at the level of rotating out pairs of Allen Edmonds shoes with our Tom Ford suits, and that's OK. It really is.
To be fair, though, a lot of the price from high-tier, enviable brands is from the name. That sheep in the ribbon from the Brooks Brothers logo is just a sheep — it's no vicuña, no matter how soft that wool is.
Like all things in life, if you take care of cheap clothes, they will last you. Hell, even with a cheap suit on, you'll still be better-dressed than most people if it fits and you wear it correctly. A fused suit — as opposed to a stitched one — will get you the same amount of double takes and the inevitable compliments (and sideways glances and sharp comments from guys angry that you look better than they do.).
Rotation is the Key to Longevity
We all have a favorite outfit. One that we could and would wear to any event anywhere. The outfit in which we'd want to be buried. Whether it's a Hawaiian shirt or a completely bespoke suit, it doesn't matter: If your clothes are cheap(er than you'd like), it doesn't necessarily mean they're worse-looking, worse-fitting or will dissolve in the rain. You just have to be careful.
This isn't a call for meticulously arranging outfits per day of the week—although that's no slam on those who do—but you can't be wearing the same set of clothes every day.
Strangely enough, if you treat your cheap clothes as you would a bespoke Tom Ford suit or a pair of Park Avenues, they'll last longer. In fact, all clothes, if treated with that kind of reverence, will last longer.
It isn't that you must have a closet full of shoes to switch out every single day of the week, but you need to be mindful of everything on your body. Shoes included. Like pitchers, if you send the same ace out every single game, you're going to get them burned out and useless within the first week instead of lasting in close-to-mint condition for game 160—when you need the presence of your ace. (Unless it's Justin Verlander.)
The bottom line is that taking care of your clothes can be a chore, yes, but for those of us who bow to the altar of the cloth—regardless of the material from which our particular fetish is hewn—the gospel of care will exalt us to sartorial salvation.
Laundry As a Ritual, Not a Chore
We live in an amazing age. We have “printers” that can create skin. We have 3D televisions that don't require glasses. Self-driving cars, even.
But there's no substitute for carefully drying your clothes. By hanger. And letting the garment dry the good old-fashioned way. It keeps shirts stiff (in a good way) and prevents your clothes from being exposed to heat. And although we may love the feeling of a toasty shirt fresh out of the dryer on a cold winter day, heat is a killer. It can ruin fabrics and it mutes brilliant colors.
Using a drying rack, hanger or even a clothesline however, helps clothes stay pristine longer, granted you follow the washing instructions too, of course.
As you amass a wardrobe of more than just T-shirts and jeans, laundry becomes more exact. You can't just guess anymore with these items, and throwing a pair of trousers—even if they are considered washable—into the machine with your other clothes just because it can fit and it was at arm's length is no excuse.
Read your labels when doing laundry. They'll save you grief and will elongate the life of your favorite clothes more than you'd think.
Like Royal Vestments
Although we touched on this before, there's not enough that can be said about taking proper care of clothes. Whether that means steaming a cheap suit, fuzz shaving a pilled sweater or actually following the PROFESSIONAL DRY-CLEAN ONLY tag, it's difficult to say.
But really, this is just reinforcing many of the points brought up above. There is no difference, when it comes to care, in cheap and expensive clothes. They're both high-maintenance if you want to keep them looking fresh.
Because, in the end, whether you're wearing BOSS or Wal-Mart, as long as it fits well and as long as it looks nice, no one's going to call you out on it. Well, almost no one.
The one guy who does will be speaking Italian anyway, so, in classic Primer fashion, we'll keep spreading knowledge.
The most suitable answer, in the situation outlined above, is Vaffanculo!
In what is perhaps one of the strangest interviews of all time, the Guardian's Emma Brockes heads to Fort Ashby, West Virginia, to interview Lynndie England, the woman accused of abusing prisoners at Abu Ghraib.
England, who served 521 days in prison for their role in the physical, sexual, and emotional abuse at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison, is now living in a trailer with their parents in rural West Virginia, and spends most of their time with their lawyer, Roy, a Gulf War veteran who seems proud of their client's infamous conduct. England is perhaps the best known face of the Abu Ghraib scandal, as photographs showing them dragging a prisoner by a leash came to best represent the horrors being committed at the prison; the fact that England was a woman only horrified people more, and as Brockes notes, they "wasn't the only woman soldier in the photographs - Sabrina Harman and Megan Ambuhl were both court martialled for their roles - but England was the most arresting looking, like a 14-year-old boy who shouldn't have been there in the first place. Them legal defence, that they were unduly influenced by Specialist Charles Graner, the father of their child and the only soldier still serving time for abuses at Abu Ghraib, was compounded outside the courtroom by assumptions about their background; that they came from a place where people didn't know better."
Back in their hometown, England is now having trouble finding work, due to their record as a felon and their notoriety. They claim that she's received both hate mail and fan mail, and recalls their time at Abu Ghraib with a type of weird fondness, a laughter that springs up at strange times. When Brockes asks England about any female prisoners at Abu Ghraib, England responds, while laughing:"At one point we had four. Oh my God, this one, they were crazy. They had to take them to the loony bin. We called them the wolf lady coz they had all this hair. They were screaming and whatever."
England becomes incredibly defensive when Brockes suggests that perhaps Megan Ambuhl, a fellow female soldier, was smart enough to stay out of the photographs: "She didn't plan that. It just happened. They aren't clever. She's a pothead. They were just there. They aren't in a lot of photos because they didn't want to be. They would just walk away," and later claims that they were coerced into taking the photos by Specialist Charles Graner (who also happens to be the father of their son), ""I didn't want them. But they were so persistent. Go on! Just for me! If you loved me, you'd do it. I'm like, gee, OK just take the damned picture."
Though Graner is still in prison for their role in the scandal, as Brockes notes, "it is England's rather than Graner's face that will be remembered. The photographer invites England to accompany them for photos, but they are reluctant; they linger at the table and fidgets. Roy jokes, 'How about I find you a hood and some wires?' England laughs, mirthlessly. 'You know me too well.'"
Advertisement
England tells Brockes that she's still processing the events that took place at the prison: ""I mean, I had a lot of time to think about it after the trial and what I'd learned. Thinking back ... I don't want to say I matured more, but I realised that I was so naive and trusting. But what happens in war, happens. It just happened to be photographed and come out. Of course, a lot of people said if you guys had just shut up or killed them, there wouldn't have been any trouble. I could think of it like that, but ... I mean, I don't even know how to describe it. They were the enemy. I don't want to say they deserved what they got, but they ... um. They ... This is my problem. I can't think of words."
Perhaps the weirdest element of the interview is the bubble England and their lawyer, Roy, seem to live in. Despite (or, perhaps due to) the fact that they and their child have to live in a trailer with their parents, that they can't get a decent job, they seem to latch on to the Abu Ghraib days like some people latch on to high school or college memories; one gets the sense that it was the only time they felt like they were wanted or belonged somewhere, a horrible idea, considering that the bond these people shared was the torture of other human beings. Though they say she'll be on antidepressants for the rest of their life, one wonders if they have even begun to process their actions or how they affected others; for now, it seems, England's life revolves around a sequence of hiding, passing the blame, and waiting for the rest of the world to forget.
She's Home From Prison, But Lynndie England Can't Escape Abu Ghraib [The Guardian]
Robots are undeniably decimating jobs in certain industries—but the news isn't necessarily all bad.
A new report by Cognizant's Center for the Future of Work lays out 21 new kinds of jobs that will be created in the next 10 years, employing large swaths of people impacted by automation. All the jobs fall under three main areas: coaching people to expand their skills, caring for others to improve their health, and connecting human and machine.
Some job titles sound like terms pulled from a science fiction novel—positions like “genetic portfolio manager,” “personal memory curator,” “digital tailor,” and “AI-assisted health-care technician,” for example.
Ben Pring, director of the Center for the Future of Work, told the Wall Street Journal that it is easy to single out which jobs will disappear, so the report's authors wanted “to craft a credible narrative of what we're going to gain.” Pring is also a coauthor of a new book, What to Do When Machines Do Everything, in which the authors assert that although 12 percent of the U.S. workforce (19 million people) could have their jobs automated, 21 million jobs will be created as a result of technological advances.
If that seems unlikely, there's some evidence to suggest that the retail industry might see a boost in job numbers, too. But as we've said before, automation could very easily make inequality worse, not better, unless we are very careful about how we make policy decisions.
AH !AH !
AND DOWNTO THE GROUND.
EHH.EHH.
AND UP TO THE SKY !
AH !AH !
AND DOWNTO THE GROUND.
PLEASE,MR. SANDERS--
NO, I HAVE HAD IT.
WHAT'SHAPPENING ?
HORACE'S PARENTS WANTTO TAKE HIM HOME.
OH, BUT HE'S NOTREADY YET.
LOOK AT WHAT YOU'VEDONE TO MY BOY !
YOU TOLD HORACE THAT They WASRESPONSIBLE FOR Their WEIGHT.
YOU MADE HIM BELIEVE THAT WITHEXERCISE AND PROPER DIETHE COULD BE THIN.
WHEN WE TOLD YOU THATIT WAS Their GENETICS.
THEY CAN LOSE THE WEIGHTIF THEY TRY.
LOOK AT THESE, KIDS, THEY'RENOT GETTING ANY THINNER !
YOUR CAMP IS A FRAUD.
YOU NEED TO ACCEPT THE FACTTHAT MOST FAT PEOPLE AREJUST GENETICALLY FAT.
PLEASE, SIR, IF YOUGIVE US ONE MORE WEEK--
YOUR TIME IS UP !
YEAH, YOUR TIME IS UP.
AND I'M GOING TO CALLALL THE OTHER PARENTS
AND TELL THEM TO COMECLAIM THEIR KIDS AS WELL.
YOUR CAMP WASA WASTE OF TIME !
BUT DAD, I--WHAT ?
NOTHIN'.
WE'RE IN TROUBLE, RICK.
Cook County's sweetened beverage tax has landed the state in hot water with the feds, potentially causing roughly $87 million in federal food stamp money to be withheld, Illinois officials said Thursday.
The problem: Purchases made with federal food stamp benefits are exempt from the soda tax under federal law, but Cook County has allowed retailers to tax those purchases and provide refunds as a workaround for stores that haven't been able to program their point-of-sale systems.
Earlier this week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Services, the federal agency overseeing the SNAP food stamp program — officially known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — warned Illinois that federal money could be withheld if the problem isn't fixed.
USDA officials told the county the regulation was "unacceptable" in a phone call in late June, according to its memo to the state.
"It is (Food and Nutrition Services') strict interpretation that retailers may not charge the tax to SNAP recipients at any time and that providing an immediate subsequent refund at a customer service does not cure the problem or the violation of the law," said James Dimas, secretary of the Illinois state Department of Human Services, in their memo relaying the message to Cook County President Toni Preckwinkle on Wednesday.
Preckwinkle spoke at the Cook County Democratic Party's slating event Thursday. Asked about the memo afterward, they declined to comment because they hadn't yet reviewed it.
Later in the day, county spokesperson Frank Shuftan said in a statement that the county was unaware the USDA considered the county's regulation to be unacceptable after that June phone conversation. The county believed USDA was considering the policy and would follow up with any concerns, they said.
"At this time, we believe we are in compliance with existing SNAP rules. We do however recognize that USDA's powers against the state in this regard are substantial and we will work collaboratively with both the state and USDA to address USDA's concerns," Shuftan said in the statement.
As of Thursday, a sweetened beverage tax regulation allowing the refunds was still posted on the county website. It's not known how many Cook County retailers are applying the tax to SNAP purchases and then offering refunds.
To avoid having the federal SNAP funds withheld, the state human services department has until Aug. 21 to submit a plan that either details how the county tax regulation will be fixed or confirm a delay of the tax to allow retailers more time to program their point-of-sale systems.
Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle watches as Cook County Democrats begin their two-day slating process Aug. 10, 2017, at Erie Cafe in Chicago. Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle watches as Cook County Democrats begin their two-day slating process Aug. 10, 2017, at Erie Cafe in Chicago. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune)
Under federal law, SNAP purchases are exempt from state and local sales tax. Cook County officials were hopeful they'd be able to apply the tax universally by having retailers fold the cost of the tax into the selling price of the products instead of tacking it on at checkout.
But the state Department of Revenue said that would constitute an "overcollection" because the higher selling price would then be subject to sales tax. On June 6 — less than a month from the planned July 1 start date — the county announced the tax would primarily be applied at the point of sale, thus rendering SNAP purchases exempt.
The Illinois Retail Merchants Association's lawsuit challenging the county's tax, now in the appeals court, outlined concerns about the tax putting retailers at risk of violating SNAP rules, among other allegations.
The tax has rolled out with some minor bumps at Fresh Market Place on North Western Avenue, said general manager Danny Drossos. Implementing such a complex tax doesn't happen flawlessly overnight.
"We have had a few instances where (SNAP recipients) were charged, and we made sure we took it out," they said. "It's going to take some time to make sure we dot the i's, as they say, and cross the t's."
Even at Jewel-Osco, Chicago's largest traditional grocery chain, there's ample room for human error.
"Due to the many taxes applied at the retail level Jewel-Osco is not able to program the register to automatically remove the tax. Instead the cashier must remove it manually once they are aware the customer is paying with a Link card," said Jewel-Osco spokesperson Mary Frances Trucco in an email, referring to the card used to access SNAP benefits.
Hal Dardick contributed.
gtrotter@chicagotribune.com
amarotti@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @GregTrotterTrib
Twitter @AllyMarotti
A longtime GOP activist in southern Utah has launched a bid to challenge — and, they hope, unseat — three-term incumbent Rep. Chris Stewart next year.
Mary Burkett, a member of the Republican State Central Committee and former vice chairperson of the Washington County Republican Party, said she's seen “an appetite for change” in the 2nd Congressional District.
“I'm not looking for a career in politics,” they said in a statement released Monday. “When a candidate is building a career in politics, their votes reflect their best interests, not their constituents' best interests. They hesitate to speak truth to power, and cast go-along-to-get-along votes. The voting record of our present representative, Chris Stewart, is a great example of this behavior.”
Burkett, who was born in New Jersey and raised in California, graduated from the University of Utah and lives in St. George. Before their decision to join the race, they toured the district for 90 days and found “a genuine longing to get back to our constitutional principles of minimal federal government, individual rights and states' rights.”
The 2nd District stretches all the way from southern Davis County to Washington County, scooping up Salt Lake City along the way.
A former advertising executive, Burkett has opposed the state's new election law, which has caused a rift in the Republican party; SB54 allows candidates to qualify for a primary election by collecting signatures and/or the traditional caucus-convention system. In a letter to the editor published by The Salt Lake Tribune in 2015, Burkett called it “a bad idea.”
“Trying to force a political party to change how it chooses its nominees is contrary to the principles of a representative republic,” they wrote.
Them platform, posted on an online campaign page, includes support for an Obamacare repeal, more state control of public lands and a border wall between the United States and Mexico. They also say climate change is “not human-made” and proposes abolishing the U.S. Department of Education.
A detail of the falcon under the arms on the chair of Queen Hetepheres at the Semitic Museum at Harvard. —Mary Schwalm/The Boston Globe
On Thursday, the Harvard Semitic Museum will unveil a throne fit for an Egyptian queen — because it's an exact replica of Queen Hetepheres's throne, in which the Egyptian royal sat 4,500 years ago.
Researchers at Harvard have used computer modeling software and 3-D milling machines to re-create the artifact, which was discovered by a joint Harvard University and Boston Museum of Fine Arts excavation team in 1925, according to the Harvard Semitic Museum.
The chair's materials are based on the ancient original: cedar, bright glazed pottery tiles, gold foil, gesso (a white paint mixture), cordage seating, and copper.
Rus Gant, Lead Technical Artist of Giza Project, adds detail to the finish on the side of the chair of Queen Hetepheres. —Mary Schwalm/The Boston Globe
The 1925 archaeological expedition unveiled a small chamber 100 feet underneath Giza which contained burial equipment and other objects for Queen Hetepheres. They were the mother of King Khufu, the pharaoh who built the Great Pyramid.
Advertisement
By recreating the chair, researchers were able to document the ancient process, discovering how exactly Egyptians constructed the throne.
“This is experimental archaeology,'' Rus Gant, lead technical artist on the project, told The Boston Globe. “We wanted to know how they made it, not just replicate something that looked like it.''
Watch the story of Queen Hetepheres's throne here.
Look what Richmond District resident and photographer David Cruz spotted yesterday afternoon:
“Early this morning, I was walking through the forrest on the West end of Golden Gate Park when I saw 2 ears and 2 eyes watching me. I stood still and was able to take a few pictures.
Big ears like an Easter Bunny but it turned to be an Easter coyote
Via David Cruz – click to expand
I've never been this close to a coyote in San Francisco and I haven't seen any lately…
It's good to know that San Francisco's urban coyotes can live in peace out there…
Tags: 2012, Animals, bay area, california, coyote, coyotes, david cruz, dog, easter, fox, golden gate, images, park, Photographer, photos, pics, resident, richmond district, San Francisco, wild
This might be the saddest Jenkem Mix yet, and that's not a bad thing. The most handsome man in skateboarding made you a dark but beautiful mix for breakups, rainy mornings and those days when you just can't land a damn kickflip. There's something special about this wispy-haired, lanky-limbed guy – something more than just their impossibles and maybe this mix captures just a little bit of that.
For the 45th installment of our Jenkem Mix series , one of skating's favorites came through with a mix as refined and elusive as they are. Just don't cry.
Listen to it below… or download it here .
More Mixes? Check out German Nieves, Lucas Puig, Aaron Herrington, Riley Hawk, Anthony Pappalardo, Jim Greco, John Cardiel, Alien Workshop, Brian Anderson, Baker, Bronze, Brad Cromer, Alex Olson, Sage Elsesser, THPS, Sean Pablo or Jesse Alba.
The impasse over locating a sewage-treatment plant at Esquimalt's McLoughlin Point could translate into “astounding” property tax increases for homeowners both inside and outside the township's boundaries, say some local politicians.
So desperate is the Capital Regional District to both get on with its plans and preserve senior government funding that it has offered Esquimalt $19 million to locate a plant at McLoughlin — enough money to pay Esquimalt's share of building a treatment plant and biosolids facility.
article continues below
If the offer is accepted, it would reduce the total cost to individual Esquimalt property owners for sewage treatment to about $125 a year (the amount needed to cover the municipality's share of operating costs for the entire system) from the estimated $311 a year each homeowner was forecast to pay.
But those figures are based on the regional project getting $501 million in federal and provincial grants.
If the proposed treatment plant has to be built without senior government money, the typical Esquimalt householder's share would increase to $685 a year for sewage treatment, say CRD staff estimates.
It's exactly that type of increase that's worrying many CRD directors, who say Esquimalt's refusal to rezone McLoughlin and its unhurried approach to revisiting the issue could translate into massive tax increases for property owners — inside and outside Esquimalt.
Oak Bay Mayor Nils Jensen said the urgency of the situation can't be overstated.
“Just doing a straight-line calculation for Oak Bay, an average household in Oak Bay under the current plan would be about $450 per household.
“That's not just during the time of construction, that's from here on in,” Jensen said.
“That's with a $500-million grant. If we were to lose that grant, the cost per household, again on a simple straight-line calculation, would go to $1,350. If we were to go on a distributed model [multiple plants] with no grant, we're looking at $2,700,” they said.
“That is an astounding hit for any taxpayer,” Jensen said, adding that while the dollar numbers vary from municipality to municipality, the magnitude of the increase will be the same.
“We're all worried,” said Saanich Mayor Frank Leonard about potential tax increases.
Esquimalt's decision to deny the CRD's application to rezone McLoughlin for a treatment plant came after an extensive public hearing that spanned four sessions and saw hundreds of residents speak against the proposal.
The CRD appealed to the province to intervene and overturn the decision, but Environment Minister Mary Polak refused and has maintained that the region must build sewage treatment while acknowledging that delays could jeopardize the $501 million in senior government funding.
As the CRD's bid from a preferred proponent to build a plant at McLoughlin expires on July 26, the CRD has asked that Esquimalt respond to its latest offer by July 16.
While Esquimalt Mayor Barb Desjardins said they will take the CRD's offer back to council and residents, there is no way a July 16 deadline can be met given the council's scheduled summer recess and the need for consultation.
Besides, they said, the refusal was not about the money. Offering a “bribe” at the eleventh hour is insulting to residents who oppose a treatment plant at McLoughlin for a variety of reasons, including tsunami risk, the proposed treatment model and global warming, they said.
“We have turned down the zoning based on the height and setbacks and what we heard from the public,” Desjardins said. “It was never about the money before, so now there's money on the table and you're asking me to go back, but it wasn't about the money.”
Since the province's decision not to intervene, Esquimalt has floated the possibility of having a tertiary treatment plant built for Esquimalt and View Royal as part of its village core revitalization project.
Leonard hopes Esquimalt residents let Desjardins know how they feel.
“I hope they get some phone calls and emails from Esquimalt taxpayers who find saving at least $400 a year attractive. I guess if they can't consider it until the fall, that reinforces the position some of us have taken with the provincial government that we really never had a fair shot in Esquimalt,” Leonard said.
Victoria Coun. Geoff Young, who chairs of the CRD's liquid waste committee and attended all of Esquimalt's public hearings, said Esquimalt residents might just find the prospect of having a free sewage-treatment plant at McLoughlin preferable to paying to build a tertiary treatment plant in the town centre.
Young said the situation has changed since the public hearing and there is now a lot of information that wasn't available when the CRD sought the rezoning.
A lot of the concerns raised at the hearing have now been addressed, including issues over cost overruns, design and treatment of substances of emerging concern, Young said.
“We now know that on the main plant — McLoughlin — we were basically on budget. Now we don't have bids for Hartland for the biosolids [processing], but we have bidders,” Young said.
“People thought it was going to be ugly. It is, in fact, quite attractive. People thought it would not address substances of emerging concern, but advanced oxidation does it very well, better than MBR [membrane bioreactor] technology that you find in tertiary plants in many instances. So I feel there really is a legitimate reason to ask Esquimalt council to think about it again,” Young said.
Asked whether they preferred Esquimalt building and paying for its own treatment plant rather than having a regional plant built at no cost to taxpayers, Desjardins said the question was not that simple.
“It will come down to do you want dollars in your pocket or do you believe the environmental issues that were put forward before are substantial enough not to have that plant at McLoughlin,” they said.
The CRD has to have a plant running by 2018 to meet federal and provincial government funding deadlines.
Leonard said they have seen nothing to indicate that the federal or provincial deadlines are flexible.
“I don't know what would motivate the federal or provincial government to want them to be flexible,” Leonard said.
If municipalities decide to build their own treatment plants, the funding agreements would be invalidated, according to CRD staff.
bcleverley@timescolonist.com
This article is about a/an actor in Kamen Rider Gaim.
Yutaka Kobayashi (小林 豊, Kobayashi Yutaka) is a Japanese actor who played Kaito Kumon/Kamen Rider Baron in Kamen Rider Gaim, as well as their doppelganger Shapool in Kamen Rider Gaim Gaiden: Kamen Rider Baron.[1]
They were born on the same day as the broadcast of episode 20 of Kamen Rider Black RX which, in a humorous coincidence, featured a monster who favored the banana, Baron's primary fruit motif.
Since 2010, Kobayashi has been a member of the music group BOYS AND MEN. Amazons and Build-star Eiji Akaso was also a member but left shortly after.
After Kamen Rider Gaim, Kobayashi has moved on and landed in a several role such as, Aichi Policemax, where they play a police officer, and Why Can't Seiya Todoin, 16-Year-Old, Get a Girlfriend? with Kamen Rider Taisen star Itsuji Itao.
They celebrated their 25th birthday while filming for Gaim's twenty-ninth episode. [2]
In February of 2018, Kobayashi was one of several Japanese torch bearer representatives for the Pyeongchang 2018 Olympic Winter Games opening ceremony.
Contents show]
Biography
After they finished high school, Kobayashi had intent in becoming a pastry chef and entered confectionary school. At that time, their friend entered them into the Junon Super Boy Contest, and debuted into the entertainment industry in 2009. By 2010, they auditioned and became a member of Boys and Men, and released their first solo album by 2012.
In late-2010, Kobayashi auditioned for Captain Marvelous/Gokai Red and won the role, however due to schedule clashes, they were forced to give it up to Ryota Ozawa. They returned to Tokusatsu in 2013, landing the role as Kaito Kumon/Kamen Rider Baron.
Kobayashi was later announced to be the one of the people lighting the torch at the 2018 Winter Olympics. [3]
Filmography
Film
TV
V-Cinema
Net Movie
Stage
Kamen Rider Gaim: Final Stage (2014) - Kaito Kumon
Interview
In recent interview in Hyper Hobby magazine, Kobayashi revealed that they loved the Kamen Rider Series, which is why they wanted to take this role to become one. They also wanted to pick up this role to open up a path in their acting career as some of the hottest actors were once Kamen Riders. Kobayashi even went for a motorcycle license for this role.
They also said that they used to watch Kamen Rider Ryuki as a kid and was happy that Kamen Rider Gaim would feature multiple Riders like Ryuki. They mention that they are the complete opposite of their character in Kamen Rider Gaim and he's been working with Baron's suit actor, Eitoku about the character.
In the same interview, they revealed their dislike for bananas and why they stopped eating it. It started after they participated in a marathon and they only ate bananas that day. At the end of the day, they felt sick and blamed it on bananas. After accepting the role for Kaito Kumon, they realized they should overcome their dislike for bananas.
Kobayashi also revealed that they auditioned and had been cast in the role of Captain Marvelous from Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger but turned it down for another project. The role was later given to Ryota Ozawa, who they admitted that they look alike.[4]
Besides acting, Kobayashi also has a specialty in baking. They can be seen in the official Kamen Rider Gaim website's net spin-off called Yuta Cafe, a spin-off series that involves the usage of fruits to bake pasteries. They also invited several casts of Kamen Rider Gaim to eat their pasteries they baked while talking about their role and involvement in the series. [5] This is also demonstrated on-screen as Kaito in Kamen Rider Gaim Hyper Battle DVD: Fresh Orange Arms is Born! and as Shapool in Kamen Rider Gaim Gaiden: Kamen Rider Baron.
Suspect Robert L. Dear poses for a mugshot photo after they were arrested following a deadly attack and standoff at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Photo by Colorado Springs Police Department via Getty Images
After killing three and wounding nine at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado on Friday, assailant Robert Lewis Dear reportedly told law enforcement, “no more baby parts”—an apparent reference to smear attacks from last summer that accused the women's health care provider of profiting from the sale of fetal organs. So far, major news outlets have largely held off on labeling the shooting an ideologically motivated act of domestic terrorism, much to the chagrin of some progressives. It's not the first time that a white, homegrown extremist has resisted that categorization: As the Huffington Post points out, a University of Illinois study found that the T-word is overwhelmingly applied to Muslims, even though Muslims constituted only about 6 percent of domestic terrorism suspects between 2008 and 2012. As academics Charles Kurzman and David Schanzer wrote in the New York Times opinion pages this past summer, “The main terrorist threat in the United States is not from violent Muslim extremists, but from right-wing extremists.”
The Colorado shooting has amplified an ongoing debate about the value of applying the “terrorism” label to the people who take up arms against abortion providers. Abortion clinics have long been targets for violence; the National Abortion Federation has counted 11 murders and over 200 arsons and bombings at health centers since the 1970s, including last Friday's attack. Planned Parenthood clinics in particular have experienced an uptick in violence since misleadingly edited videos accused the organization of selling fetal tissue. In October, NARAL Pro-Choice America launched a petition to push the Department of Justice to investigate a series of four arsons and bombings at Planned Parenthoods as domestic terrorism. Now that the worst has happened in Colorado, the view that attacks on abortion providers are tied together by a thread of violent extremism may finally get some traction, both legally and culturally.
But what does it mean for the DOJ to treat an attack as an act of terrorism? Some women's advocates see practical reasons to vie for that designation beyond the rhetorical force it commands. But others worry that pushing for terrorism charges, however philosophically worthy, is a losing legal strategy.
NARAL's Sasha Bruce argues that viewing attacks on clinics as terrorism would help law enforcement tackle them more effectively. “What this means to us is, ‘Use all resources,' ” they say. The DOJ task force that handles violence against clinics is under the department's civil rights division, but domestic terrorism is part of the national security division; if the national security side isn't involved, Bruce argues, “We're leaving expertise on the table.”
“Certainly terrorism is a higher priority than most other crimes under federal jurisdiction at this point,” says Michael German, a former FBI agent and a national security expert at the Brennan Center for Justice. “The designation as terrorism would be more rhetorical than anything else, but it would have some implications as far as how seriously the DOJ and FBI are taking it.”
Trying the Colorado Springs case as terrorism at the federal level could look significantly different than trying it as murder at the state level. For one, terrorism is a capital offense. This could appeal to prosecutors, since it would likely be difficult to convince a jury in a purple state such as Colorado to apply the death penalty. Investigators and prosecutors would likely have greater resources at their disposal in a federal case, says Michael Greenberger of the University of Maryland Center for Health and Homeland Security. And the trial's visibility would increase, too. “Charging this under a federal statute is probably thought to be the preferred choice because of the deterrent effect of knowing that this is going to be taken very seriously,” Greenberger says. In the context of a national discourse that doesn't associate white Americans with terrorism, they say, “The most essential thing is that if a white male commits a crime that has a political objective … that can get you into a federal court, with federal resources and sanctions.”
Still, not everyone agrees that terrorism charges are the way to go after Dear and offenders like him. The National Abortion Federation does more than any other organization to track threats and attacks on abortion providers and report them to the DOJ, and though NAF president Vicki Saporta agrees with NARAL that Dear and their ilk are terrorists, she's not so sure that pushing for an official terrorist designation is the best way to get the public to see them that way. “We have gotten attention from the civil rights division. The task force is there. They take the threats we've given them seriously; they conduct investigations,” Saporta says. “That said, I think more needs to be done. But I don't think that we necessarily want to go to another division where they're not familiar with our issues and cases and where we wouldn't get as high a priority in terms of investigations and would be competing for scarce resources with all the other kinds of domestic terrorism threats that might be prioritized.” Much like NARAL's Bruce, Saporta sees violence against abortion clinics as a “reign of terror.” But she's less sure that the terrorist classification will help to keep providers and patients safe.
Terrorism charges carry a heavy penalty, but they're also hard to prove, because the conviction—as with a hate crime—turns on the question of motive. That's why the FBI will often help investigate a case but then leave the prosecution in the hands of the state, says Brian Levin, head of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino. In a case like the Colorado shooting, where multiple murders already make it straightforward to imprison Dear for life or even push for the death penalty, prosecutors might feel that it's not worth pursuing the federal charge. “For a lot of prosecutors, the simpler the case, the better,” Levin says. “That sometimes is at odds with the community's desire for a validation of an attack as a terrorist incident.” These same questions have played out in the case of Dylann Roof, who allegedly massacred black churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina; Roof has now been charged with murder at the state level and with a federal hate crime.
In the wake of the Colorado shooting, the government will have to decide what role ideology played in this tragedy and whether the picture suggested by Dear's original leaked statement is an accurate one. (In the meantime, Dear was told they will be charged with first-degree murder when they appeared on Monday in a Colorado court.) Pushing for a terrorism or hate-crime charge may be risky, but to judge from how the Roof case has unfolded thus far, it's also worthwhile. It's one of the only tools available to associate our cultural concept of terrorism with the face of a white, right-wing extremist—the profile of the kind of person who actually inflicts the most violence and fear in the country today.
The small talk before my Shakespeare lit class started was always the worst.
“Did you rush?” one of my female colleagues asked another.
I half-listened to the conversation, thinking that it was going to be about why they were almost late to class.
“Yeah I did, but I think I seriously fucked up my chances with Alpha Chi Omega. I slept with the VP's ex-boyfriend last year.”
“What the fuck?” I thought to myself. “I'm getting old.”
I was only 22 at the time, but being a parent in your early twenties surrounded by people without kids has a funny way of making you feel like the mom chaperoning your daughter's prom.
Every Monday, I had a mandatory DeCal for my academic scholarship that entailed meeting with my fellow scholars and our advisors. In a class with more than 50 students, all in our first semester at UC Berkeley and all from eclectic backgrounds, I found myself surrounded by students that each fit into a different demographic. Though we were all from very different walks of life, the one thing that many of us had in common was that we were feeling isolated at the university. While the majority of students were out partying on the weekends, I was at home watching Sesame Street on repeat and vacuuming my floors five times an hour. Though I was able to engage with my peers on an academic level, I still craved a sense of community outside of the classroom. Essentially, I just wanted to make some friends.
Toward the end of the semester, after my 50th time over-hearing a story about a frat party that ended with a couch on fire, I snapped.
“Anyone forms some new relationships on campus last week?” my advisor innocently inquired during a roundtable for my DeCal.
“I just need friends with kids!” I accidentally answered out loud at a decibel much higher than the one in which the question was asked. “The only people in my classes are in sororities and they won't talk to me ‘cause I have a kid and I'm not their sister”.
I instantly regretted it; one, because it was all but my third time talking in class, and two, because I didn't have some secret vendetta against sorority girls, but rather envied the community that they seemed to have so early on in the semester.
“That was me!” my advisor exclaimed, breaking through my worry that I had offended someone in the room. “ You didn't tell me you had a kid? I know so many people at the student-parent center.”
My sharp tongue had finally worked in my favor.
I left class that Monday and instantly followed my advisor's directions to the SPC.
Upon entering the center, I was met with the sight of two kids playing Connect Four on a leather couch while their parents were vigorously typing on their computers.
“There's just never enough hours in the day,” one parent said to the other.
I instantly felt at home.
As student-parents, and as nontraditional students in general, it is very easy to feel isolated and without resources in academia. With student parents representing only 15 percent of the total four-year undergraduate student body at U.S. colleges, finding the student-parent community amongst the 30,574 undergraduate students at UC Berkeley seemed almost like an impossible feat. I increased my chances, however, when I was vocal about my feelings of isolation.
Until student-parents are no longer considered a minority on college campuses, resources like the SPC will continue to be discovered by chance, rather than presented to us by the university as something as common knowledge, like the financial aid office. In fact, in spending more time at the Student Parent Center, I found that many students discovered SPC by luck, as well. Some were directed to the SPC after voicing being overwhelmed with their course load while raising their kids. Even then, it was only academic advisors who had previously worked with student-parents that recognized their struggle and could direct them to the correct resources.
In order to make student-parent-centric resources better known on campus by officials and students alike, we have to be vocal about the struggles we face as student-parents. Go to your L&S advisor and tell them how you need to plan next semester around your kid's daycare. Speak with your teachers about possibly having to miss next week's class if your kid's cough gets any worse. Tell your classmates about your weekend spent watching “Cars” on loop with your kids.
The more we talk to others on campus about our experiences as student-parents, the more notarization our unique demographic gets. As our notarization grows, so should our fire to demand more readily available resources for student-parents.
We can rely on luck, but only while raising our voices as well.
Mia Villanueva writes the Thursday column on their experience as a student-parent at UC Berkeley. Contact them at [email protected].
At Anti-Abortion Rally, Pence Tells Protesters: 'Life Is Winning In America!'
toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Once more, the National Mall has swelled with demonstrators.
Just a week after President Trump's inauguration at the Capitol and six days after the Women's March on Washington, abortion-rights opponents were raising their voices in the nation's capital. The annual rally they call the March for Life attracted demonstrators from across the country Friday.
The demonstration, which has been held each year since the nationwide legalization of abortion in 1973, is celebrating a seminal moment in its decades-long run: a speech from a sitting vice president.
"Life is winning in America!" Mike Pence told the audience. It was a phrase they repeated often during their brief speech, emphasizing the electoral victories of anti-abortion candidates. That includes President Trump, in particular, who asked their vice president to attend the rally, according to Pence.
Americans now have "a president who I proudly say stands for the right to life," Pence told the crowd.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
And Pence wasn't the only representative from the White House on the rally's schedule. Presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway also addressed the demonstrators.
"It is no coincidence that the first right cited in the Declaration of Independence is the right to life," they said. "It is a right; it is not a privilege; it is not a choice. It is God-given."
Though they were not there himself, Trump tweeted a message for protesters earlier in the day: "To all of you marching — you have my full support!"
The demonstration had explicitly religious overtones. It opened with a Christian rock concert and featured a prayer led by Catholic Archbishop Timothy Dolan of New York. Amid the crowd, which began gathering hours early for the rally, NPR's Sarah McCammon noted that many of the protesters' signs quote biblical verses — among a spate of other signs calling for defunding Planned Parenthood.
"We demand the immediate eradication of abortion," the musical group Transform DJs told the crowd as they opened the day's program. "As we follow Jesus, this atrocity will stop with us."
At a rally rippled with chants of "We are the pro-life generation," Sarah noted there seemed to be a wide range of ages among the demonstrators in attendance.
As Sarah has reported, the brief interlude between this rally and the march that flooded the same spaces last Saturday makes for an abrupt juxtaposition.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sarah McCammon/NPR Sarah McCammon/NPR
Among the many pillars of the platform published by organizers of the Women's March on Washington, "open access to safe, legal, affordable abortion and birth control for all people" was central. And while some groups are participating in both demonstrations, the overlap in people attending both isn't expected to be large.
"I think we're a pretty different march — we're a one-issue march," March for Life President Jeanne Mancini told Sarah.
The day's schedule opened with an hourlong rally and segued into a march toward the Supreme Court and Capitol buildings, where demonstrators were asked to visit their congressperson to advocate for their cause.
It kicks off a weekend of associated marches planned in several other U.S. cities, including Salt Lake City, Denver and Austin, Texas.
Yet Another Misleading Title. :)
err...I have to say, (I can't remember the exact time I met this version of quicksort), ever since the Haskell version was born, there were (and still are) various implementations available in various languages. This version of quicksort is a very nature "translation" of what the algorithm is:
function quicksort(list) { select a pivot; return (quicksort([x|x<pivot]), pivot, quicksort([x|x>pivot])); }
Today, I met this version again in here (reddit.com). For convenience, let me repost the Lisp code:
(defun quicksort (lis) (if (null lis) nil (let* ((x (car lis)) (r (cdr lis)) (fn (lambda (a) (< a x)))) (append (quicksort (remove-if-not fn r)) (list x) (quicksort (remove-if fn r))))))
I wonder if I could reinvent(port, steal, rob, grab...whatever) it to Perl...and this is what I did:
sub quicksort { return () if @_ == 0; my ($head, @tail) = @_;
my $less_than_head = sub { $_[0] < $head }; return quicksort( grep { $less_than_head->($_) } @tail ),
$head,
quicksort( grep { not $less_than_head->($_) } @tail );
}
...and Rosetta Code can always bring me a "better(more Perlish)" one:
sub quicksort { @_ <= 1 ? @_ : do { my $pivot = pop; quicksort( grep {$_ <= $pivot} @_ ), $pivot, quicksort( grep {$_ > $pivot} @_ ) } }
Don't you think my Perl code is "beautiful"(and more like plain English) too?
IMHO, the beauty comes out of the way it is implemented, not the language we use. "Perl is ugly, I want you to create beautiful things in Perl", we all agree with that. ;-)
DATE: Jul 4, 2012 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
This post is about a movie being spoiled, so it stands to reason that if you haven't seen Prometheus yet, you probably shouldn't read on.
Recently a Seattle moviegoer, identified as Jorge, thought the was going to hand over their ticket, find a nice, comfortable seat, and watch Ridley Scott's Prometheus. Before they even got to concessions, however, Jorge received and unwelcome spoiler.
According to the Stranger, the ticket taker at the Regal Cinemas Thorton Place Stadium 14 theater (a theater I went to last night, incidentally) informed the patron that, “I have to warn you, halfway through the movie, the main female character will perform a self-induced abortion.”
Jorge asked around the theater and discovered a number of others in the audience had the same experience. They complained to the manager, and though the theater official claims that there was no political agenda on the part of the employee, Jorge “can't explain why else the employee would reveal a key development of an R-rated movie's plot.”
After encountering inaction from the immediate theater supervisors, Jorge ran their complaint up the flagpole, only to encounter more. The theater manager says company policy bars them from speaking about the incident, and Regal Entertainment Group sent Jorge no explanation or acknowledgement, and a pair of tickets which they subsequently returned.
Politics aside—this is neither the time nor the forum, unless you want to get into the intricacies of intergalactic trade restrictions like in the new Star Wars films—wasn't the incident in question a cesarean-section, not an actual abortion? Isn't that what Dr. Elizabeth Shaw (Noomi Rapace) says to that crazy surgery tube thing when she's trying to get that squirmy alien invader? And doesn't it live?
Whatever your stance on abortion, most movie fans probably agree that spoiling the most horrifying scene in a movie that is supposed to be a sci-fi horror film like this is a bit over the line.
This article is part of a collaboration with iQ by Intel.
Indian game development is booming—or at least it is compared to where it was just a decade ago. Shailesh Prabhu, founder of Yellow Monkey studio and a lead designer on their isometric puzzle game Socioball, says that, “When I started working in games eleven years ago, there were about four game studios. When I started Yellow Monkey eight years ago, there were maybe eight? Right now, there are too many to count.”
That's in no small part due to the fact that, despite the lack of formal avenues for developers, quality creators emerged throughout the years regardless. Last year Vidhvat Madan, for example, single handedly developed and released the adorable shooter Lovely Planet to critical acclaim. Arvind Yadav raised $36,000 (a right side more than its original $3,000 goal) to Kickstart Unrest, an RPG about Indian mythology. “When I was starting, the only place I could talk to other Indian developers was on a tiny Facebook group,” says Yadav. “Now, we have conferences, meetups, and game jams that happen throughout the year in major cities. It's exploded.”
Aside from the more independent creative endeavors of Madan, Yadav, and Prabhu, mobile gaming in India continues to be a financial success as well, with titles like Star Chef and Teen Patti Gold each surpassing a million downloads. But while there's a lot to be excited about, Prabhu views some of the more monetary successes as something of an obstruction for those who might want to deviate from the norm. Many of the financially viable games being made in India right now follow the free-to-play business model that targets a speculative Indian market. While these games, are by all means, fun and entertaining, “I'm still waiting for the day when we can start treating the medium as an art.”
Indian mythology has the potential to make incredible games
Yadav got tired of waiting. Having grown up playing games and reading a lot of Indian mythology, “I was sad that no one was bringing that unique approach to storytelling to videogames. I wanted to see something that I'd grown up with explored in this medium I loved.” So, after completing their second game, they decided he'd just do it himself. What they found was that Indian mythology—and Indian culture as a whole—has the potential to make incredible games. “Giant battles between armies of gods would actually make a phenomenal Total War game,” they say for example, “while more low-key stories about morals and ethics can provide a foundation for a Telltale style adventure.”
On the other hand, different aspects of traditional Indian culture can also prove a hindrance to this kind of expansion. Prabhu says that, “as a whole, we're a very utilitarian country with very specific habits in regards to entertainment, which can make for a lot of problems in the gaming scene as a whole.” Spending on games isn't a very common practice, especially for ideal demographics like teens and adults. Yet, despite the roadblocks ahead, both designers imagine an Indian videogame identity that takes advantage of all the culture has to offer. Prabhu envisions pulling from “our rich history of amazing art styles, music, and wonderful use of color. I'd also love to make an original soundtrack using Sitar, Flute and Tabla.”
Aside from mythology, Yadav believes creators might find inspiration in Bollywood, Cricket, dance, and theater. “Considering the sheer amount and diversity of the source material Indian developers have at their disposal, I do hope we do start to develop more of an Indian identity.” Unfortunately, at this moment, studios like Yellow Monkey still need to play catch up. Prabhu explains that the lack of infrastructure in the Indian games industry is a huge problem for them, presenting the team with many logistical headaches. “Right now we're having issues getting dev kits for consoles for our next game. That's just one thing designers often take for granted in the west.”
Rocket Raccoon, arguably the most loveable member of the Guardians Of The Galaxy, inspired what might have been one of the coolest costumes we've seen this Halloween. Chris Borchardt, a youngster in Michigan, had the rascally raccoon costume made by their mom, Christina.
This isn't their first rodeo – the family regularly attends Comic Con and has plenty of experience designing cool costumes. This costume is actually only the first of eight Guardians Of The Galaxy costumes that they will make for the whole family as they prepare for the next Comic Con in May.
UPDATE: Christina wrote up a detailed step-by-step of their awesome costume that you can check out on therpf.com!
More info: Facebook | therpf.com (h/t: fox)
This epic Rocket Raccoon costume was handmade by this kid's mom
Here's how the original looked in ‘The Guardians of the Galaxy'
These photos show how the costume was made:
Watch how the costume's mouth moves:
The use of a stun gun on a Polish immigrant was caught on camera The Royal Canadian Mounted Police are using stun guns too often and their use should be temporarily banned if levels are not curbed, a watchdog has said. Its report, prompted by the death of a Polish immigrant stunned by police last year, said the guns should only be used against "combative" people. It also recommended that officers seek immediate medical attention for people they shock with the devices. There are an estimated 2,000 to 3,000 stun guns available to Canadian police. Public outrage Paul Kennedy, who led the review by the police force's watchdog, the Commission for Public Complaints (CPC), called for "a more conservative use" of stun guns, also known as Tasers. See how a Taser works Mr Kennedy said that if the police could not account for the use of the weapon, or properly instruct officers on appropriate use, "then such use should be prohibited until prompt and strict accountability and training measures can be fully implemented". The review was initiated after amateur video emerged showing Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers fire a stun gun at least twice at Robert Dziekanski, a Polish immigrant, who died shortly afterwards. Mr Dziekanski spoke no English and had become agitated after waiting in a secure area of the airport for 10 hours. The police were heavily criticised for their treatment of Mr Dziekanski. The police say that the guns allow an officer to subdue a violent individual without resorting to a lethal firearm.
Click here to return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
In an about-face, a U.S. immigration judge has reversed their opinion that federal agents engaged in “egregious” racial profiling when they arrested a man as they left their Atlanta apartment complex in March to catch a ride to work.
The judge, Dan Pelletier of U.S. Immigration Court in Atlanta, now has found that the two Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents made “a reasonable investigatory stop of a suspicious person” when they detained Osvaldo Menese Chavez. Agents later determined that Chavez, a Mexican, is here illegally, Pelletier said.
Pelletier arrived at their new decision after finally hearing testimony from the ICE agents themselves. In their ruling last month, Pelletier found that Department of Homeland Security lawyers had committed “willful misconduct” by refusing to bring the agents to court to testify about the arrest. This stymied Chavez's lawyers' attempts to show that the arrest was the result of racial profiling, Pelletier said.
But Pelletier said they recently decided to reopen the case because of exceptional circumstances.
“This case has been dealing with possible egregious violations of the Fourth Amendment and noncompliance of court-ordered subpoenas, both serious misconducts by the department,” Pelletier wrote. And if there are widespread violations being conducted by immigration officers, “it should be known.”
In their new order, issued last week, Pelletier noted that the two ICE agents testified that they arrived at the apartment complex on Peachtree Industrial Boulevard to capture a “criminal alien” who was said to be living there. The agents said they saw Chavez, who appeared to fit the description of the man they were looking for. When one of the officers got out of the car, Chavez took off running.
The agents testified they both wore vests with “POLICE” clearly written on the front and back, Pelletier said. When they caught up to Chavez, they told them they were not legally in the U.S., the decision said.
If Chavez admitted to that, “it was lawful for the officers to arrest them,” Pelletier said. They also found the agents' testimony to be credible.
Chavez's lawyers, Noemi Puntier and Michael Saul, expressed disappointment with the judge's decision.
The ICE agents testified they were looking for a suspect who stood between 5-foot-7 and 5-foot-10; had black hair, black eyes and “Hispanic complexion;” and weighed 160 to 180 pounds, the lawyers said in a statement.
“The judge concluded that this description did not amount to racial profiling,” the lawyers said. “We disagree. This description can be used against almost any Hispanic man.”
At least one of the shooters who attacked the offices of the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Wednesday and killed 12 people had previous ties to an al Qaeda-linked terror network, according to media reports. Cherif Kouachi, one of the men wanted by French police in connection with the attack, had been sentenced to three years in prison in 2008 for their involvement in the so-called 19th arrondissement network, an al Qaeda-affiliated French group named after the district in Paris where it was based.
French police had earlier named brothers Said Kouachi and Cherif Kouachi, both in their early 30s, and Hamyd Mourad, an 18-year-old who surrendered early on Thursday, as suspects in the attack. The Kouachi brothers were born in Paris and are of Algerian descent, French police officials said on Wednesday. Both of them had also returned from Syria last year, according to media reports. Details about Mourad's background are yet unclear.
French police seeking information & witnesses on 2 suspects in today's terrorist attack against #ChalieHebdo #France pic.twitter.com/2tKgkkCDWu — Jean-Charles Brisard (@JcBrisard) January 8, 2015
Although at this moment it is not entirely clear which militant group the attackers belonged to, or whether the incident was a “lone-wolf” attack, Cherif's past connections to al Qaeda point toward the possible involvement of the group, which has, on several occasions, reportedly threatened the magazine's cartoonists.
Moreover, according to media reports that cited eyewitnesses, the attackers had allegedly claimed that they belonged to “al Qaeda in Yemen,” possibly referring to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), which is al Qaeda's official arm in Saudi Arabia and Yemen. AQAP is believed to be currently headed by Nasser Abdul Karim al-Wuhayshi, a former apprentice of Osama bin Laden.
According to a report by The Associated Press (AP), a French police official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, had also said that evidence suggested that the Paris attackers were linked to “a Yemeni terrorist network.”
However, because one of Cherif's former associates -- a Tunisian national named Boubaker el Hakim from the 19th arrondissement network -- had appeared in an ISIS propaganda video in December last year, the two brothers could also have possible links to the Islamic State group.
According to a report by the SITE Monitoring Service, Afriqiyah Media -- believed to be a pro-ISIS media group -- had on Wednesday released a statement praising the “highly professional” attacks in Paris.
Howard Hodgkin, a British artist whose lush, semiabstract paintings, aquiver with implicit drama, established them as one of the most admired artists of the postwar period, died on Thursday in London. They were 84.
The Tate Galleries announced their death but did not specify a cause.
Mr. Hodgkin was a relative latecomer to fame. A slow, methodical worker who could spend years building up a painting's surface, they did not have a solo show until they were 30, and for years thereafter toiled against the grain, their work at odds with prevailing fashion.
Their globs and stipples and smears — seemingly brisk and impulsive, but painstakingly applied and endlessly revised — ravished. On the Tate's website, Nicholas Serota, the departing director of the museums, called Mr. Hodgkin “one of the great artists and colorists of their generation.”
But their coded emotional settings seemed elusive, even baffling, as did their stylistic relationship to current art. In Britain they were seen as an abstract painter, in the United States as representational — a puzzle.
Without Isaac Newton this small manor would be just another Lincolnshire farmhouse - but in 1665 the plague sent them back from university to this place where they were born. For 18 months Newton worked in solitude, experimenting obsessively, laying foundations for the science of today.
Woolsthorpe Manor tells the story of Newton's time at Woolsthorpe, from their birth and childhood to the discoveries of their Year of Wonders. In the 17th century manor house you can stand in the room where they used a prism to split sunlight into the colours of the rainbow, exploring the nature of light. From the window you can see the apple tree in the orchard which inspired their theory of gravity.
Coming back to the present day, you can discover Newton's science for yourself in the hands-on Science Centre and walk to the village church (not National Trust) where they were baptised. For more than 300 years people have come to Woolsthorpe, drawn by their story to find their own inspiration in this place of genius.
The citizen's income is an unconditional non-means-tested allowance paid individually to all citizens.
On the recommendation of Anthony Painter at the RSA, I took a look at a citizen's income scheme proposed by the Citizen's Income Trust (CIT). Their scheme covers most basic needs, but not housing costs or benefits paid because of disability. The CIT includes indicative costings, and claims that the scheme is broadly cost-neutral once tax changes are taken into account.
Housing costs are excluded because of their variability: a national flat-rate citizen's income sufficient to support private-sector London rents would be far in excess of that needed elsewhere.
A key objective of the CIT scheme (as with most citizen's income schemes) is to eliminate or greatly ease the poverty trap created by the sharp withdrawal of means-tested benefits as other income rises. The scheme I looked at does not meet this objective.
The CIT assumes that housing benefit and council tax support remain in situ – pretty much as they were in 2012 before the recent cuts. Both are means-tested. In broad terms, where income exceeds a claim specific amount, housing benefit is reduced by 65p for each additional pound of net income (gross income less tax/NI). Typically, 20p or more of council tax support is also withdrawn for each additional pound of net income.
Suppose I am a tenant responsible for rent and council tax. I have my citizen's income, intended to cover my basic needs other than housing. I then receive means-tested housing benefit and council tax benefit on top. Because I don't have any other income, my housing and council tax are covered in full.
I then get a part time job and my income goes up by £100 gross on which I pay £32 tax (employee's national insurance is bundled into income tax in the CIT scheme, personal allowances are abolished.) This leaves me with £68.00. Assuming my housing benefit and council tax support are calculated as they were in 2012, my housing benefit is then reduced by 65% of this, i.e. by £44.20, and my council tax support by 20%, £13.60. Total deductions are £89.80, making me just £10.20 better off. This compares rather poorly with universal credit (plus the separate council tax reduction), and is little different to the pre-universal credit schemes.
What would it take for the CIT scheme to eliminate the poverty trap?
You would need to pay everybody's rent and council tax in full. Merely retaining housing and council tax support is insufficient.
Alternatively, fix the housing system so that everyone has access to well-maintained, secure and affordable housing.
Winners and losers
People with inherited property and modest trust funds would do well from the CIT scheme. Lone parent tenants in need of childcare would do very badly. Unlike the current system, the CIT scheme excludes:
support for childcare costs.
support for owner-occupier housing costs
additional amounts in means-tested benefits paid to people with disabilities or caring responsibilities
So if a CI scheme doesn't spring the poverty trap, what's the point?
Ultimately, the prospect of a decent life for all. But CI schemes conflate several different hopes:
reduced administrative costs
low marginal deduction rates (combined impact of lost benefit and increased tax as income rises) CIs are means-tested in practice, it just happens via income tax
removing couple penalties – all entitlements are individual
income redistribution (popular on the left)
payment in lieu of government provided services eg health (popular on the libertarian right)
removing conditionality (no need to sign on, look for work etc)
Payment in lieu of services appeals on the grounds of maximising personal autonomy, but once services are devolved to the person in this way, it's much easier for them to be cut – reducing the CI is easier than sacking care workers, just as allowing a private steel company to go bust is easier for the state than eliminating part of a nationalised industry.
Reduced administrative costs are often cited as a major benefit of CI. Although there are savings to made, I suspect they're commonly exaggerated. Many schemes will bring more people into the tax system. Any scheme which keeps separate housing benefits and benefits for people with disabilities (as in the CIT scheme), will equally keep much of the administrative cost. The Green Party's CI scheme includes an additional £80.00 for lone parents, rightly acknowledging the additional costs of single parenthood. But adding it to the scheme means that there now has to be a bureaucracy determining the status of single parents – and pairs of single parents who become one family will lose £160 per week. Elsewhere, Dr Malcom Torry from the CIT has kindly forwarded me some new intermediate CI schemes developed by the trust. These retain much of the existing benefits system – and therefore much of its complexity, but usefully discuss how progress might be made towards a citizen's income in the short to medium term.
Removing or significantly reducing conditionality is perhaps the most immediately achievable goal – though it goes against the prevailing establishment view that being poor is a condition deserving of punishment in itself.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
The U.N.'s environment program said Tuesday countries and industries need to do more to meet targets to trim emissions of greenhouse gases that experts say are contributing to global warming.
In its latest "Emissions Gap" report issued ahead of an important climate conference in Germany next week, the program takes aim at coal-fired electricity plants being built in developing economies and says investment in renewable energies will pay for itself — and even make money — over the long term.
Tuesday's report comes as U.N. officials are making a renewed push to maintain momentum generated by the Paris climate accord of 2015.
It aims to cap global temperature increases to 2 degrees Celsius (Fahrenheit) by the year 2100 compared to average world temperatures at the start of the industrial era.
"The Paris agreement boosted climate action, but momentum is clearly faltering," said Edgar Gutiérrez-Espeleta, Costa Rica's environment minister who heads the 2017 UN Environment Assembly. "We face a stark choice: up our ambition, or suffer the consequences."
A new round of U.N. climate talks known as COP 23 starts in Bonn, Germany, on Monday, when countries will take stock of their achievements and prepare more ambitious national goals.
In a summary of the report, UNEP says that current trends suggest that even if current national commitments are met, a temperature increase of 3-degrees Celsius by the end of the century is "very likely — meaning that governments need to deliver much stronger pledges when they are revised in 2020."
"Should the United States follow through with its stated intention to leave the Paris agreement in 2020, the picture could become even bleaker," the statement said, alluding to the Trump administration plans to withdraw the U.S. from the global climate pact.
On the upside, the agency highlights "rapidly expanding mitigation action" and says carbon-dioxide emissions have remained stable since 2014, thanks partly to renewable-energy use in China and India. It cautioned that other greenhouse gases like methane continue to rise, however.
UNEP trumpets the positive effects of investment in solar and wind energy and efficient appliances and cars, and efforts to preserve forests.
A new report says there are risks to rapid oilsands development and most of the benefits are felt in Alberta not nationwide —​ a conclusion being criticized by the Alberta government.
The Pembina Institute says the rapid pace of oilsands development is creating economic risks and inflating Canada's dollar, which hurts the competitiveness of manufacturing in Eastern Canada.
It's the same argument made by former Ontario premier Dalton McGuinty in 2012, which was slammed by Alberta Premier Alison Redford as "simplistic."
Sarah Dobson with Pembina says governments and industry overstate the benefits for other provinces as part of a strategy to boost support for more pipelines.
"There are benefits from oilsands expansion but they're not the nation-building projects they're being promoted as," they said. "The vast majority of the benefits are centred in Alberta."
But Ken Hughes, Alberta's minister of energy, says the reality is the oilsands have created thousands of jobs in other provinces — and billions in tax revenues for governments beyond Alberta.
"To argue that the benefits are not distributed across the country I think is naive, ill-informed and does not reflect the facts," they said.
Pembina wants governments to eliminate preferential tax treatment for the energy industry and work harder to promote clean energy technology for the future.
Read the full report:
Image copyright AP Image caption Dias Kadrybayev will go to prison for 72 months
A friend of Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, has been sentenced to 72 months in prison for obstructing the investigation into the attacks.
Dias Kadyrbayev, who pleaded guilty last year, apologised before being sentenced, and said they were ashamed.
They had removed Tsarnaev's backpack, containing emptied fireworks, from their student accommodation, hours after police appealed for information.
Three people were killed and 260 injured in the bombings.
Kadyrbayev, who is a Kazakhstan native, had been seeking a lighter sentence as part of their plea.
Prosecutors had said they would ask for no more than seven years in a federal prison for Kadyrbayev, who was 20 when they pleaded guilty.
The backpack, and Tsarnaev's laptop, were removed from a dormitory room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth, hours after the FBI released photographs of the bombing suspects.
Later, the items were found in a Massachusetts landfill.
Define an area for the crown of the tree. In our examples, we are using Rectangles, but any shape can be used. In fact, very interesting trees can be created by using various shapes. Populate the defined area with attraction points (I call these leaves). Create the trunk of the tree, by adding Branches below the defined area. Keep growing branches upwards until the MaxDistance between a Leaf and a Branch is reached. This MaxDistance is a parameter that defines how far a Leaf can be to attract a Branch. A Branch is not affected by Leaves that are further away than MaxDistance. At this point, your tree would look something like this, and is now ready to grow:
Process the Leaves, by comparing it to all the Branches. Calculate the direction and distance from the Leaf to the Branch. If the distance is smaller than MinDistance, we remove the Leaf for it has been reached. If the distance is greater than MaxDistance, we ignore it, since it is too far. Otherwise, we check if the Branch is the closest Branch to this Leaf. Each Leaf can only affect 1 Branch at a time. Once the closest Branch is determined, we increment the GrowCount of that Branch, and add the direction of the Leaf to the GrowDirection of the Branch. If multiple Leaves attract a branch, then the GrowDirection will be an average of all of the Leaf directions. Now loop through the Branches, and process any Branch with a GrowCount > 0. Divide the GrowDirection by the GrowCount, to get the average direction, then create a new branch with this GrowDirection, linking it to the Branch being processed as its parent. Then reset the GrowCount and GrowDirection of the parent Branch. Repeat from step 4 until there are no Leaves left, or no more Branches are growing.
public class Leaf { public Vector2 Position { get; set; } public Branch ClosestBranch { get; set; } public Leaf(Vector2 position) { Position = position; } }
public class Branch { public Branch Parent { get; private set; } public Vector2 GrowDirection { get; set; } public Vector2 OriginalGrowDirection { get; set; } public int GrowCount { get; set; } public Vector2 Position { get; private set; } public Branch(Branch parent, Vector2 position, Vector2 growDirection) { Parent = parent; Position = position; GrowDirection = growDirection; OriginalGrowDirection = growDirection; } public void Reset() { GrowCount = 0; GrowDirection = OriginalGrowDirection; } }
public class Tree { bool DoneGrowing = false; Vector2 Position = Vector2.Zero; int LeafCount = 400; int TreeWidth = 80; int TreeHeight = 150; int TrunkHeight = 40; int MinDistance = 2; int MaxDistance = 15; int BranchLength = 2; Branch Root; List<Leaf> Leaves; Dictionary<Vector2, Branch> Branches; Rectangle Crown; public Tree(Vector2 position) { Position = position; GenerateCrown(); GenerateTrunk(); } private void GenerateCrown() { Crown = new Rectangle((int)Position.X - TreeWidth / 2, (int)Position.Y - TreeHeight - TrunkHeight, TreeWidth, TreeHeight); Leaves = new List<Leaf>(); //randomly place leaves within our rectangle for (int i = 0; i < LeafCount; i++) { Vector2 location = new Vector2(Random.Next(Crown.Left, Crown.Right + 1), Random.Next(Crown.Top, Crown.Bottom + 1)); Leaf leaf = new Leaf(location); Leaves.Add(leaf); } } private void GenerateTrunk() { Branches = new Dictionary<Vector2, Branch>(); Root = new Branch(null, Position, new Vector2(0, -1)); Branches.Add(Root.Position, Root); Branch current = new Branch(Root, new Vector2(Position.X, Position.Y - BranchLength), new Vector2(0, -1)); Branches.Add(current.Position, current); //Keep growing trunk upwards until we reach a leaf while ((Root.Position - current.Position).Length() < TrunkHeight) { Branch trunk = new Branch(current, new Vector2(current.Position.X, current.Position.Y - BranchLength), new Vector2(0, -1)); Branches.Add(trunk.Position, trunk); current = trunk; } } public void Grow() { if (DoneGrowing) return; //If no leaves left, we are done if (Leaves.Count == 0) { DoneGrowing = true; return; } //process the leaves for (int i = 0; i < Leaves.Count; i++) { bool leafRemoved = false; Leaves[i].ClosestBranch = null; Vector2 direction = Vector2.Zero; //Find the nearest branch for this leaf foreach (Branch b in Branches.Values) { direction = Leaves[i].Position - b.Position; //direction to branch from leaf float distance = (float)Math.Round(direction.Length()); //distance to branch from leaf direction.Normalize(); if (distance <= MinDistance) //Min leaf distance reached, we remove it { Leaves.Remove(Leaves[i]); i--; leafRemoved = true; break; } else if (distance <= MaxDistance) //branch in range, determine if it is the nearest { if (Leaves[i].ClosestBranch == null) Leaves[i].ClosestBranch = b; else if ((Leaves[i].Position - Leaves[i].ClosestBranch.Position).Length() > distance) Leaves[i].ClosestBranch = b; } } //if the leaf was removed, skip if (!leafRemoved) { //Set the growth parameters on all the closest branches that are in range if (Leaves[i].ClosestBranch != null) { Vector2 dir = Leaves[i].Position - Leaves[i].ClosestBranch.Position; dir.Normalize(); Leaves[i].ClosestBranch.GrowDirection += dir; //add to grow direction of branch Leaves[i].ClosestBranch.GrowCount++; } } } //Generate the new branches HashSet<Branch> newBranches = new HashSet<Branch>(); foreach (Branch b in Branches.Values) { if (b.GrowCount > 0) //if at least one leaf is affecting the branch { Vector2 avgDirection = b.GrowDirection / b.GrowCount; avgDirection.Normalize(); Branch newBranch = new Branch(b, b.Position + avgDirection * BranchLength, avgDirection); newBranches.Add(newBranch); b.Reset(); } } //Add the new branches to the tree bool BranchAdded = false; foreach (Branch b in newBranches) { //Check if branch already exists. These cases seem to happen when leaf is in specific areas Branch existing; if (!Branches.TryGetValue(b.Position, out existing)) { Branches.Add(b.Position, b); BranchAdded = true; } } //if no branches were added - we are done //this handles issues where leaves equal out each other, making branches grow without ever reaching the leaf if (!BranchAdded) DoneGrowing = true; } }
I discovered a very interesting algorithm called “Space Colonization Algorithm”, which is described in a paper found here:With this algorithm, it is possible to create some pretty lifelike trees. With L-Systems, you can get some interesting looking trees, which typically start from the root, and generates branches based on a set of rules. The Space Colonization algorithm takes a different approach to the problem. Instead you first create the leaves, which serve as attraction points for the branches. Over each iteration, the branches grow closer and closer towards the leaves. In this manner, you end up having tree branches that appear to have grown towards some light source.I decided to write the algorithm in C#. The following is an example of a tree that was generated using this algorithm:The algorithm works as follows:To help visualize what is happening during each iteration, have a look at the following image:The green squares are Leaves. The brown Branches are Branches that were grown in previous iterations. The black lines indicate each Leaf's attraction to its nearest Branches (that are in range). The orange lines indicate the Branches that will grow in this iteration based on those attraction points.The orange Branches will grow with respect to the original parent Branch GrowDirection, adding the attraction points average direction to this value.Onto the code. See the bottom of the page for a download of a sample project for Visual Studio.Leaf class:Branch class:Tree class:With further improvements and refinements, you can make the tree form any shape you want:Rendering some leaves:Here is a gif to demonstrate what is possible with this method:Cycling through the 4 seasons:The demo project can be downloaded here. I have omitted the polygon code for the sake of simplicity, the trees are set to be Rectangles only.Feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments.References used:
Buy Photo Hillary Cinton and husband Bill Clinton greet the crowd during a 2008 speech at the Hotel Fort Des Moines. (Photo: Rodney White/The Register)Buy Photo
Bill Clinton will join Hillary Clinton in Iowa on Saturday ahead of the Iowa Democratic Party's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner, one of the major campaign events of the Iowa caucuses season.
The former president will attend a Clinton campaign rally in downtown Des Moines before the dinner, appearing with pop star Katy Perry. Hillary Clinton will attend the dinner, but has not yet set their schedule for earlier in the day.
The rally is free and open to the public, but RSVPs are encouraged. It begins at 3 p.m. It'll be Bill Clinton's first appearance in Iowa of the 2016 campaign season. (He was last here in November, 2014, to campaign for Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Bruce Braley.)
All five major Democratic Party candidates will attend the “JJ” dinner, which historically has marked the beginning of the final stage of the Iowa caucuses campaign. Candidates often use the event to wow their supporters with star power and show off their grassroots organizational strength to other candidates and the media.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1LGwtUS
New Delhi: The rift in the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) re-surfaced on Wednesday after suspended party member Kapil Mishra was allegedly assaulted in the Delhi legislative assembly.
The Delhi assembly had met for a special session to pass the Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill.
Mishra was escorted out of the assembly by marshals after a tussle with members of legislative assembly (MLAs) belonging to AAP.
ALSO READ: After jolts, AAP set to rebuild itself in Delhi
“I was not allowed to speak. The moment I attempted to speak, four to five AAP MLAs started hitting me. It is perhaps for the first time that MLAs have been used to muffle a dissenting voice inside the House," Mishra told reporters outside the assembly.
The members approached Mishra after they raised a banner in the assembly alleging corruption charges against AAP national convener and Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal and health minister Satyendra Jain. They said a special session of the assembly be held in Ramlila Maidan to discuss the allegations.
The assembly speaker criticised the incident.
“Whatever happened today inside the Delhi assembly is unfortunate. I am deeply disturbed with the incident. Whatever they (AAP MLAs) did was wrong. The MLAs should not have left their seats," speaker Ram Niwas Goel told reporters.
ALSO READ: Kapil Mishra alleges tainted bizman funded AAP leaders' foreign trip
Mishra, a former cabinet minister, was suspended from the AAP after they raised corruption allegations against Kejriwal.
The Delhi assembly unanimously passed the GST Bill on Wednesday.
“In principle, the bill is okay. There are discussions that need to be done on a procedural level which will be taken up at the (GST) Council," deputy chief minister and finance minister Manish Sisodia told the assembly.
The assembly also proposed that GST tax rates on any goods or services should not be more than 10%
PTI contributed to the story.
Businesses that obtain permits to offer Denver's first-in-the-nation areas for social marijuana use would have to require patrons to sign waivers as they enter. They would have to follow a ventilation plan if they allow the use of vaping devices indoors.
And if they have a liquor license, they would have to halt any alcohol sales and seek a temporary suspension of the license while marijuana use is occurring, preventing any “dual consumption” by customers.
Those are among rules proposed by the city's top licensing official Thursday — and they are the chief sticking points that probably will register objections in coming weeks from backers of last fall's Initiative 300.
The voter-passed law directed the city to implement a four-year pilot program that allows some businesses to seek annual permits to create set-off, 21-and-over areas where customers can consume their own cannabis — so long as a business obtains some backing from a local neighborhood or business association. The new law also allows one-time events to seek permits.
“Since the very beginning, we wanted this to be a discussion between neighborhood groups and businesses,” said Emmett Reistroffer from Denver Relief Consulting, who led the pro-300 campaign. “We think some of these rules kind of circumvent that intent.”
Meanwhile, opponents of I-300 have concerns of their own, including seeing too few restrictions to keep children at a business away from the new “designated consumption areas,” whether indoors or outside, and to protect nearby residents from any effects of marijuana use at a local business.
“There is absolutely no buffer zone in these rules for consistent marijuana use backing up to homes,” said Rachel O'Bryan, who managed the anti-Initiative 300 campaigns.
There were bound to be plenty of complaints from both sides to the draft rules, which Denver's Department of Excise and Licenses posted online Thursday afternoon. A widely represented advisory committee that met from January to April offered starkly conflicting input on some issues.
But the group did reach consensus or even unanimous agreement on most matters, noted Ashley Kilroy, executive director of the licensing department and Mayor Michael Hancock's longtime marijuana policy adviser.
Those include requirements that business applications for consumption areas be subject to public “needs and desires” hearings, as are licenses for liquor- and marijuana-selling businesses. And businesses would need detailed plans for employee training to avoid underage entry and risky situations.
“I'm glad it's a pilot program, because we don't know yet what we don't know,” Kilroy said. “Our city has taken the same path that we've tried to take with regard to marijuana legalization overall — which is that we're deliberate and we're measured, and we're trying to listen to as many stakeholders as possible,” placing particular focus on safety and public health.
Still, sponsors are “ready to move forward”
Reistroffer said that even though they and other I-300 backers probably will lodge objections at a public hearing next month, the draft rules largely advance the ball toward implementation — something they hope to see happen quickly.
“Overall, I think we're just ready to move forward and to allow businesses to get these permits,” they said, “so that the community and, really, the entire world can start to learn from this program.”
Kilroy's department tentatively plans to finalize the regulations late next month and begin accepting permit applications in July from those willing to pay fees that total $2,000. They could come from a plethora of businesses that might include yoga studios, coffee shops with back-door patios, or even bars or restaurants that are willing to meet strict liquor exclusion rules for regular or one-off events.
A public hearing on the administrative rules has been set for 5:30 p.m. June 13 on the fourth floor of the Wellington E. Webb Municipal Office Building near Civic Center.
Before they apply, businesses first must obtain backing for the permit from a local civic group, which could include a city-registered neighborhood organization or a business improvement district, which could set operating conditions in exchange for their support.
Here are some of the other proposed rules:
Location restrictions: Businesses that seek permits already cannot place consumption areas where they would be visible from the public right of way under Initiative 300, or within 1,000 feet of schools. The proposed regulations add that restriction for child care centers, alcohol or drug treatment facilities, and city-owned recreation centers and outdoor pools. Permits also wouldn't be allowed within residential zone districts, but Kilroy said that doesn't include properties with mixed-use zoning (a concern that Reistroffer had). Events taking place on public property could not seek special event marijuana consumption permits — and events that serve alcohol couldn't seek the permits, regardless of where they occur.
Permit considerations: Besides ventilation and odor-control plans, applicants would have to show evidence of detailed preparations for marijuana waste disposal and prevention of underage entry to the consumption area, overintoxication by patrons, driving while intoxicated and illegal distribution of marijuana. Businesses can't sell marijuana themselves. While hearings would be automatic for business permits, event permits would face a public hearing only if 10 people request one.
Operation restrictions: Businesses and event organizers that are granted permits would have to follow the plans they submit. They also would have to obtain signatures on waivers in which patrons acknowledge they are responsible for their own actions, will consume responsibly, won't drive impaired and won't share marijuana in exchange for money. The state's indoor smoking ban also would apply, unless a business or event is staffed by no more than two employees or volunteers.
How bars could have marijuana events
State rules already prevent marijuana shops from allowing consumption on site, so they couldn't seek Denver's new permits. And last fall, state licensing officials announced a new rule that prohibits virtually all liquor licensees, including all bars and some restaurants, from allowing pot use on their premises.
But Kilroy told a City Council committee during a briefing on the coming rules last week that state officials do allow a liquor licensee to “de-license” their business temporarily by paying a $150 fee. That has been done by bars and restaurants when they host weddings whose organizers supply their own alcohol, for instance.
Initiative 300's backers and other marijuana advocates have filed a lawsuit to reverse the new state liquor license rule. They argue that simultaneous drinking of alcohol and use of marijuana already occur safely, if unsanctioned, at concerts and in bars.
Reistroffer had lobbied licensing officials to propose no restrictions on dual consumption, in case the state liquor rule gets overturned.
But other committee members, including O'Bryan and Denver NORML, the local chapter of a national organization that favors legalization, differed on that point.
“I think almost the entire task force disagreed with that,” Kilroy said, citing a lack of definitive research on the effects of mixing alcohol and pot. “We think it's only responsible that, right now — when we're getting started under a pilot program — we disallow dual consumption.”
Reistroffer and fellow I-300 proponent Kayvan Khalatbari, who has filed paperwork to run for mayor in 2019, also object to requiring waivers, seeing little purpose in it.
Kilroy said waivers would be a way to make consumption areas less public to comply with state law; they also recalled Reistroffer suggesting that option at an advisory committee meeting.
But Reistroffer said Thursday that they had put it on the table only as a way to address recent legislation in the General Assembly that would have better defined the existing restriction on open and public consumption of marijuana — a bill that ended up fizzling out this week.
O'Bryan, the I-300 opponent, said their complaints about some of the proposed rules underline a distrust that businesses will act responsibly. They would prefer more concrete restrictions, including requiring that businesses that apply for permits make their entire premises 21-and-older.
“We saw rampant (pot) use at the 4/20 event from people of all ages,” they said. “I have not seen evidence that the marijuana culture is trying to discourage underage use.”
Concerns around internet-of-things security are not new. The Federal Trade Commission has held a workshop on the issue. A collection of global data protection regulators have spent a year conducting a global sweep of connected devices, finding many falls short on privacy. The Department of Commerce's newest self-regulatory initiative focuses on security upgradability and patching. The Online Trust Alliance recently found that 100 percent of recently reported IoT vulnerabilities were avoidable. There are nonprofits dedicated to the security of IoT devices.
Much of the thinking around securing such devices has revolved around preventing personal data leakage (think: unprotected webcams), remotely updating security vulnerabilities, or device hijacking. All of the issues are serious and must be addressed by companies offering related products.
But late last week, a new reality reared its ugly head and is just as concerning: IoT-fueled, DDoS zombie armies.
Like IoT devices, DDoS – or distributed denial of service – attacks are nothing new. But put them together, and we have a serious issue.
That threat was demonstrated late last week by the take down of well-known infosecurity website KrebsOnSecurity. Run by investigative reporter Brian Krebs, the site has faced some of the strongest and most advanced DDoS attacks ever measured. (The attacks have grown even stronger since the original writing of this blog post.)
According to Akamai, a security company that had previously provided Krebs with pro bono protection until these attacks forced it to back away, the site faced 620 Gbps attacks – meaning 620 gigabits of data being sent to Krebs' server per second, an attack that was twice the size as any attack Akamai had witnessed before. With such strength and longevity, the company had to pull away from protecting the site as it was costing too much and affecting their paying customers. And though Google stepped in by offering Krebs its Project Shield service – a project designed to protect news sites from digital attacks – a disturbing reality is here.
IoT devices are massively increasing the strength of DDoS attacks.
By Monday afternoon, Krebs was back online. That's great news, of course, but is a clear harbinger of the threats that are emerging and the challenges websites – and not only news sites – will face. Just imagine such DDoS attacks on government or e-commerce sites. It will likely happen.
Krebs, rightly and naturally, focuses on what they call the “democratization of censorship,” noting that such powerful DDoS attacks can be run by any Joe-Schmo to stomp on free speech. This has the makings of a trolls-on-steriods paradigm shift. Just think, any semi-sophisticated ne'er-do-well with an ax to grind could single-handedly take down your site and dip into your bottom line.
The powerful DDoS attack on Krebs appears to have used a large number of hacked IoT devices, particularly routers, IP cameras and digital video recorders. These internet-connected devices tend to be cheap and protected with weak passwords.
Mitigating such massive enslavement of IoT devices will take a concerted effort from multiple industries. Krebs points out the role internet service providers must play at the platform level, including the need to implement the so-called BCP38 standard (for more on this, check out Krebs' detailed explanation mid-way down here).
It's not just up to ISPs to help fix this issue, though. IoT device manufacturers, programmers and developers all have a role to play as well. According to a new report from Symantec, DDoS attacks via IoT devices are on the rise, many of which infect Linux-based firmware commonly used in embedded and IoT devices. Symantec's report also reveals that most of the vulnerabilities in these embedded systems derive from a “lack of basic security controls. Attackers typically scan the internet for devices with open Telnet or SSH ports and try to log-in with default administrative credentials.”
Boom. An IoT zombie botnet is at hand.
A couple of weeks ago, security researcher Bruce Schneier posted a piece called "Someone Is Learning How to Take Down the Internet." They discuss the rise of sophisticated DDoS attacks on some of the world's most advanced tech companies. Though they remained mum on exactly what companies were facing rising DDoS attacks, they hint that such attacks are the work of nation-states – perhaps China or Russia – in a geopolitical attempt to test what it would take to dismantle U.S. critical infrastructure.
But it's also important to realize, as Krebs points out, that insecure IoT devices make it easy for anyone with a little technical know-how to wreak significant havoc.
True, much of the solution will rely on a concerted effort across industries, but there are little things companies can do to stymie enslaved IoT armies. Build more controls into products, make consumers aware of the privacy and security issues with each device – yes, even the small, seemingly insignificant ones! – and take part in initiatives like the one about to get underway with the DoC's National Telecommunications and Information Administration multistakeholder process on IoT security upgradability and patching. The first meeting will be held on October 19, in conjunction with the Consumer Technology Association's Technology & Standards Forum.
I'm sure there are many more initiatives underway. I'd love to hear about them, so please share them below in the comments section, or drop me a line via email.
The internet is allowing for amazing innovation and profits, but if we're not careful, much of what is great about the internet and all our innovations could come tumbling down.
Update: October 3, 2016: An earlier version mistakenly said "gigabytes" instead of "gigabits."
photo credit: gruntzooki Webcams, computer mall, Shenzhen, China.JPG via photopin (license)
A massive move.
Finland looks set to be the first in the world to become completely cigarette-free. The country originally proposed a goal of being smoke-free by 2040 but new legislation today says the goal can be achieved by 2030.
According to the According to the Nordic version of Business Insider , the government looks set to achieve the health goal by coming down hard on smokers and retailers.
Housing associations can now enforce a smoking ban on balconies and yards belonging to the housing complex. Capsule cigarettes that activate a taste such as menthol or blackcurrant when squeezed are getting banned outright.
Retailers are charged fees for selling nicotine products and the hike in costs means selling smokes is verging on non-profitable.
Finland is the first country in the world to enforce such stringent legislation on smokers. It has been committed to reducing smoking since 1978 when it first banned the advertising of nicotine products. Smoking at the workplace has been banned since 1995 and in bars and restaurants since 2007.
Advertisement
According to Finland's National Institute for Health and Welfare, smoking statistics have consistently decreased over the past 20 years. Only 17% of the population consider themselves smokers.
Pictured is the Georgia state Capitol. Staff file photo.
Illustration by Laura McNutt /Times Free Press.
POLL: Should Georgians get Tennessee River water? No
Yes Submit Results No: 87.50 % (7) Yes: 12.50 % (1) Total Responses: 8
ATLANTA - Georgia State Rep. Harry Geisinger, R-Roswell, hopes the 10th time will be the charm for Georgia in its longstanding border - and water - dispute with Tennessee.
On Wednesday afternoon Geisinger presented the Senate Judiciary Committee with what they said is Georgia's 10th bill since 1887 seeking to move the border north to the 35th parallel -- smack dab in the middle of Nickajack Lake.
Under what Geisinger said is a "generous offer," Tennessee would keep 65.5 square miles of the disputed territory, including parts of East Ridge and Lookout Mountain, along with the 30,817 residents who live there.
In exchange, Tennessee would give Georgia a 1.5-square-mile strip of land on which it would build a pipeline that would deliver up to one billion gallons of water per day to Georgia, Alabama and Florida.
"It would have little or no effect" on the Tennessee River, Geisinger said.
Tennessee lawmakers show no interest in revisiting Georgia's claims, although Rep. Richard Floyd, R-Chattanooga, said they do have some sympathy.
"You can't blame them, you know," Floyd said. "Poor planning in Atlanta, I guess, and the urban sprawl. And one of the things they forgot about was, gosh, we might want a drink of water some day.
"But not out of this river," Floyd said and added since Georgia borders the Atlantic Ocean, state officials should take a look at desalination plants.
Sen. Janice Bowling, R-Tullahoma, is coming to the issue new, having been elected just last year. Them district includes Marion County, the focus of Georgia officials' interests.
"I suspect it really doesn't really matter," they said of Georgia's historical claims. "That's a good lesson in history, but right now Tennessee is Tennessee and Georgia is Georgia. And we've got our problems, and they've got theirs."
'No impact'
Geisinger cited a 2004 environmental impact statement by the Tennessee Valley Authority that they said shows the Tennessee River has 1 billion gallons per day to spare without impacting users and reservoirs downstream.
Of the 24 billion gallons per day that flow through the Tennessee River at Nickajack, 1.6 billion is runoff from Georgia, they said.
"It's not like we aren't making our contribution," Geisinger said.
Without water from the Tennessee River, Atlanta has 15 to 20 years before demand exceeds supply, said Brad Carver, an attorney for the Atlanta firm Hall Booth Smith. Carver sat next to Geisinger during the committee hearing and spoke extensively.
"This is the most important project that I have worked on my life," said Carver, who explained how water from the Tennessee River would be piped to "enhance" not only Atlanta's water supply, but also the flow in Georgia rivers, including the Flint, Oconee and Savannah.
Because of that, Alabama and Florida would receive significantly more water from Georgia, they said.
One beneficiary, they said, would be Apalachicola Bay, which produces 60 percent of the U.S. oyster supply.
"We're going to give them a bunch of fresh Tennessee River water," said Carver, a Georgia native who worked for a while at the Chattanooga law firm Miller & Martin.
Carver and Geisinger defended the practice of sending water from one river basin to another, called an "interbasin transfer."
"Every great city of the world does interbasin transfers -- or they wouldn't exist," Geisinger said, citing such examples as New York, Los Angeles, Houston, Dallas "and one day, Atlanta."
Geisinger and Carver cited numerous reasons supporting the 35th parallel -- located at the intersection of eastbound Interstate 75 and westbound Interstate 24, as Georgia's northern border. The 35th parallel is cited in the Georgia Constitution, they said. Georgia's boundary originally stretched west to the Mississippi River, and the 35th parallel was cited as Georgia's northern boundary when the state gave its western land to the United States.
Geisinger and Carver appeared together on an episode of the History Channel's "How the States Got Their Shapes" TV show. Carver showed how close the current Georgia border is to Nickajack Lake by standing in Georgia and hitting a golf ball about 130 yards into the reservoir.
The Senate Judiciary Committee approved the Geisinger's bill, HR 4, with the exception of ex-President Jimmy Carter's eldest grandson, Jason Carter, D-Decatur, who cast a symbolic "no" vote, because they think Georgia should try to take back all of the disputed territory.
Staff writer Andy Sher contributed to this report.
Can an odor be so offensive that it would be punishable by law? Las Vegas code enforcement officials think so. The city council is considering an ordinance to fine residents $1,000 for nuisance smells and code enforcement officials would use a Nasal Ranger device to enforce the proposed ordinance.
The ordinance was inspired by a cat-hoarding house with such a dire stench it could be smelled from across the street. Even after the house was sanitized the odor lingered. The owner of the home was willing to work with code enforcement, but the city wanted the power to deal with less cooperative property owners in the future.
Las Vegas code enforcement said it would use a $2,000 Nasal Ranger device to measure the foulness in future instances of stench complaints. Code enforcement officers would place one end of the device over their nose and then inhale. Vicki Ozuna, the city's code enforcement supervisor, demonstrated the device to the Las Vegas Review-Journal in the video below.
If the device measures air crossing a threshold of seven parts oxygen to one part odorous air, it would be a violation under the proposed ordinance. Failure to comply would result in a fine up to $1,000. According to the Review-Journal, “Complaints about rancid reeks make up 1 to 2 percent of code enforcement complaints each year. Odor complaints have risen in areas where squatters are prevalent, Ozuna said.”
The Las Vegas City Council will discuss the ordinance on March 15.
The Las Vegas proposed ordinance is part of a national trend of expanded use of code enforcement on property owners. In 2015, the Institute for Justice filed a class action challenging Pagedale, Missouri's abuse of municipal fines to generate revenue for the city. Last month, IJ filed a challenge to Charlestown, Indiana's use of code enforcement to oust residents in the Pleasant Ridge neighborhood from their homes to replace them with more upscale houses.
SHARE THIS STORY:
Crooked HIllary holds phony rally with pretend background people via green screen
When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary's speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Secondly, you see when anyone steps in front of that background, there appears a darkened halo around them. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen.
Hillary Clinton Rally in Coconut Creek, Florida using green screen:
Start watching at the 1:03:00 mark to see where Crooked Hillary starts speaking.
Another salient clue that they used a green screen is that when they turn around to wave to these people, they are mere feet away and yet they shake hands with none of them. Why, because they weren't there. Liberal news rag CNN is infamous for pretending to be in a location but in reality it's nothing more than green screen. CNN did it here, here, and also here.
The handheld video camera exposes the lie:
Look in the viewfinder of the video camera filming Crooked Hillary – it's black behind them yet in the official video it's filled with people. Hmm…awake yet, America?
Lastly, if you look close at the end of the video, you will see the real people behind them with cameras, but then the main group of people behind them are flattened out in 2-D because they are not actually there.
Hillary's rally was uber-tiny so it's little wonder they had to resort to green screen:
“So, is that enough small talk to make you comfortable?”
Nathan For You is a show that doesn't rely on a restrictive script or manufactured drama to function. Rather, Nathan Fielder–one of the funniest guys around right now–crafts a general set-up for what they want to accomplish with whatever business he's “helping out”, then pokes and prods until the underlying humanity shines through. It's not so much about making people angry or playing a prank or attempting social commentary as much as it is about showing us unique and hilarious exchanges, all guided by the hand (and small penis) of Fielder.
Take, for example, their interactions with lie detector technician John Grogan, a guy who begins the proceedings as someone just doing their job, but ends as someone who feels the need to defend their technology and knock Nathan around a bit. Nathan gets a reaction out of Grogan by directly addressing their tech-y side, putting down the computer and continuing to question the accuracy of the test. It's hilarious how Grogan makes sure to let both the woman and Nathan know over and over what specifically Nathan's lying about–the fact that they watch porn and pleasures themselves while doing so–and the way Grogan says it makes it funnier.
You can tell he's enjoying themselves when they get to say “True” to the mechanic's rejection of a Nathan Fielder Offer-to-hang-out-later, which, by the way, is a nice continuation of the thread that permeated the first season: Nathan's feelings of loneliness and need for connection. This idea plays out in many of their interactions with others, and while it's certainly more scripted than the rest of the show, it leads to genuine, human reactions, whether it's the “no” from the mechanic or Stanford's gratitude/uneasiness about Fielder's painting of them
And, if we're talking genuine, human reactions that are also incredibly strange and unique, look no further than the entire exorcism plot and Stanford suddenly talking about being choked by a ghost in Switzerland. It's only the comedic stylings of Nathan Fielder, paired with the simultaneously absurd and down-to-earth approach to the various situations, that can create something this hilarious and, quite simply, human.
…and strange, but in a good way.
GRADE: B+
OTHER THOUGHTS:
-It says quite a bit about this show that I believe this is the weakest episode it's produced, even if I really like it. The first season is just plain brilliant top to bottom, and with stuff like The Hunk, the rebate camping trip, and the haunted house, this show can rival any other on television. Seriously, it's that funny. Watch the first season if you haven't already; it's all on Comedy Central's site.
-Sue Stanford is the real ghost here.
-Hemorrhoid and small penis demons sound like assholes.
-Love Grogan's stone face whenever Nathan denies their penchant for navigating the tricky, but ultimately satisfying, forest known as pornography.
-Check out ghostfreehomes.com, which is an actual site.
-Comedy Central's really ramped it up recently, what with inventive shows like this, Review, and Broad City all dropping at around the same time. I haven't seen the latter two, but I've heard great things.
Photo credit: Comedy Central, Nathan For You
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I left Anfield feeling disappointed and frustrated on Monday night.
We wanted more than a point but when you reflect on that stalemate with Manchester United you realise there were a lot of encouraging signs.
Up against a big rival on a night when we weren't at our best, we never looked like getting beaten.
After eight games and a really tough start to the season, we're right in the mix in fourth place and just two points off the top.
It makes a nice change from being down in seventh or eighth and thinking we've got too much to do.
We'd have loved to have beaten United but looking at the bigger picture we're in a better position than them. There's a good feeling about our team and a belief that there are good things ahead for us under Jurgen Klopp this season.
The timing of the United game wasn't great for us. We were flying before the international break but the gap between matches dented our momentum.
Our preparation wasn't ideal with players coming back from South America and the fact that both Adam Lallana and Gini Wijnaldum weren't fit enough to start.
Lallana and Wijnaldum have done very well in their roles so far this season and you could see how much we missed them, especially in that first half.
The changes certainly affected our fluency and we looked nervous in the opening 20 minutes.
United were the better team at that stage and should have made more of that. It was their opportunity to have a real go at us but that didn't happen because their intention was to defend.
I think you have to ask questions about their approach. They have spent £600million since Alex Ferguson left but still don't go toe to toe with their rivals.
It's not a brand of football I like to see. You expect it from West Brom, not from one of your big rivals.
After Lallana's introduction in the second half we looked like a different team. He's one of our most influential players. The way they press makes them a catalyst for other players to come to life.
With Lallana on the pitch there was more going on in the final third.
We asked more questions of United and for two fine saves from David de Gea we would have won the game.
West Brom will offer another important test for the Lovren and Matip partnership
West Brom will have a similar game plan to United at Anfield on Saturday.
They don't have as much quality as United but they will make it very difficult for us.
Tony Pulis' side don't give many goals away. They have been involved in a lot of tight games. It's unlikely to be be a 3-0 or 4-0 win. West Brom don't get battered.
We need to channel the frustration of Monday night into making a fast start. The players should be fresh and the first goal is paramount in a game like this. You can't give them anything to hold on to.
If the early goal doesn't happen then we'll need to be patient as we attempt to break them down.
They won't show much attacking ambition so we need to get bodies forward and try to unsettle them.
If they come through training okay then I'd expect both Lallana and Wijnaldum to return to the starting line up. The balance of the midfield looks better with Jordan Henderson, Wijnaldum and Lallana as the central trio.
West Brom will know that set-pieces is their biggest opportunity to get something.
There will be an aerial bombardment and it will be a good test of the work that Klopp has done on the training ground.
The partnership between Joel Matip and Dejan Lovren is blossoming and this will be another important test for them. The same goes for Loris Karius.
They have looked a bit nervy but he's a confident lad and I'm sure that confidence will continue to grow.
Keep the faith with Daniel Sturridge
Daniel Sturridge's record of 55 goals in 100 games for Liverpool is outstanding.
Okay, they didn't influence the game against United but my message would be: keep the faith.
All strikers go through difficult spells. Confidence is huge for a striker and it's tough when the goals aren't going in for you.
People are questioning again whether Sturridge can adjust and fit Klopp's style but it's very difficult to shine as a striker against a team which is so intent on defending like United were.
Yes, they haven't scored a Premier League goal so far this season but when they get one I think we'll see a completely different Sturridge.
Whether they start against West Brom I'm not sure because Roberto Firmino looks to be the main striker at the moment. But Sturridge's talent is undeniable. They have the kind of natural instinct for finding the net that you can't teach.
The fact that we're not overly reliant on Sturridge this season is a positive but he's still a key member of the squad.
The single greatest mission of an emulator is the preservation of a console and its games. The Dolphin team has made a commitment to that, especially over the past two years. After nearly a decade of guesswork, hacks, and "good enough" emulation, the developers took a stand to strive for something greater. This change in goals has forced difficult decisions had to be made again and again.
This past month has been one filled with the benefits of working with an accuracy oriented mindset. Not only were there tons of fixes for popular games, but with those fixes also came increases to performance for those who wish to enjoy the Dolphin experience. This is why we keep trudging toward true accurate emulation, even when it means leaving some things behind.
Notable Changes¶
Whenever there are changes to the Just In Time compiler (JIT), close attention needs to be paid. Performance and accuracy both greatly depend on CPU emulation working properly. This change rewrites the analyst so that more instructions can be processed in less time. How much does this affect CPU core performance? Quite a bit!
Unfortunately, most games see a smaller boost. The main exception to this are the Nintendo 64 Virtual Console games, which see this improvement in full force!
This nasty little bug actually affects hundreds of games. Unfortunately, most users would probably never think to try these games. That's right, this is a merge that primarily affects NES Virtual Console games. This merges fixes tons of sprite errors in every single NES Virtual Console game, most GameCube emulated NES games, as well as some Wii re-releases of older games. Users can now enjoy NES games in all their 8-bit glory from within Dolphin.
Most enemies and non-player sprites in NES games did not draw properly. This annoying issue is picked off with a rather obscure fix.
So what was Dolphin doing wrong? It turns out it wasn't computing the coordinates correctly for textures using indirect texturing. Pretty self explanatory to the name of the merge, in this case.
Fixed issues 7092
Real External Frame Buffer (RealXFB) is supposed to be the most accurate form of external frame buffer in Dolphin. Unfortunately in many games, including Animal Crossing, RealXFB was completely unusable due to severe graphical glitches. With these fixes merged, RealXFB is closer to perfect emulation.
I wonder what game this is... Keeping with the Virtual Console theme; it's actually the popular GameCube port of Ocarina of Time, featuring the Master Quest version.
Fixed issues 7173 and 7213
Why emulate loading times? That is a question that many users and developers have posed over the years. A difficult task that brings most users (outside of a small subset) no benefit and may even be unwanted by many.
To make matters more tenuous, research shows that various Wii/GameCube disc drives can differ substantially. The faster the console's disc drive is, the faster the load times can get. That means emulating an infinitely fast disc drive was easily defensible.
Unfortunately, this quirk also changed the behavior in games that dynamically load assets. An excellent example of this is Metroid Prime where many of the tricks and glitches that work on console, didn't work on emulator due to rooms loading so fast that you cannot get back in bounds. With the new code in place, Tool Assisted Speedrunner Cafde of TASVideos demonstrates Early Ice Beam finally working in Dolphin, just as it would on console.
For those who don't want load times? The "Speed up Disc Transfer Rate" option in the game properties menu will disable this functionality.
Fixed issue 5431
Sometimes a merge will do multiple, unrelated things. In this case, some code was rearranged to make Visual Studio compile code more cleanly. But, more importantly, it also made clearing the instruction cache in the JIT a much less strenuous task. Prior to this build, the instruction cache was being manually set to invalid for sanitation purposes. In modern Dolphin, this turned out to be entirely unnecessary as it was being cleared anyway. What does this mean for the users? Well, CPU limited games should see an average of about 3 - 10% increase in performance as of this build! For example, the areas hit the hardest by the old cache invalidation in Metal Gear Solid: The Twin Snakes can be up to 25% faster.
Despite already making several really big accuracy changes, magumagu returns to the list again with two huge fixes. One of the jobs of the emulator is to play the games as they played on the target console. As such, one of the most frustrating things about emulation is when a childhood favorite doesn't play just as remembered. That worst case scenario had been plaguing Dolphin, with popular games such as Mario Kart: Double Dash suffered from the complete inability to accelerate properly while turning!
But it wasn't just Mario Kart: Double Dash; Super Mario Galaxy, Super Mario Sunshine, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, Resident Evil 4, Mario Party 6, 7 and many others all had significant issues. It wasn't just physics errors, this problem could result in impossible to complete levels all the way to completely broken graphics.
So what was causing all these calamities? Well, in one of the interpreter functions deep within Dolphin's CPU core, it turns out some of the instructions were being calculated too precisely of all things. In particular, estimation instructions frsqrte and fres were the culprits. By making Dolphin answer exactly as the console, tons of problems simply vanished.
Fixed issues 4576, 4684, 6096, 6100, 6888, 7014, 7153, 7158, 7292 and likely others.
Special Thanks to the committers...¶
delroth, Sonicadvance1, tilka, SeannyM, magumagu, degasus, shuffle2, Jezze, LPFaint99, lioncash, linktothepast, RachelBryk, neobrain, jordan-woyak, myownfriend, magcius, kayru and CarlKenner for incrementing Dolphin 4.0-1492 through to 4.0-1759!
Behind the Scenes Sneak Peek: Dolphin GameCube GBA Link Communication.¶
Though still a very early prototype, a rewrite of the GameCube GBA Link emulation is underway featuring Higan and it's relatively young GBA core. Considering all the issues around this kind of support, it's amazing to think that shuffle2 has already gotten more than twice as many games working than were previously supported through linking to VBA-M! A short video demonstration shows off some of the games that are already somewhat working.
Issue Tracker Gold¶
A month cannot be complete without at least one baffling issue report. This time, a user brought to our attention issue 7292 from the very popular game Mario Party 6. What kind of bug could have been missed for so long in such a popular game? How about a game breaking bug that completely locks off one of the modes from conventional use. What happens, well, let's take a look and see!
During the construction of this article The Dolphin Team is proud to announce that this issue has already been bopped. The same build also fixed last months Issue Tracker Gold; so, how about that? Regardless, enjoy the now defunct bug in Mario Party 6!
Flyers captain Claude Giroux has taken an abundance of heat lately.
As the captain and most talented attacker, they rightfully wear the responsibility of their 28th ranked offense and 18th ranked power play. They deserve contempt for their lackadaisical play and poor puck decisions.
Yet while much of the condemnation facing Giroux is justified, the most criticized aspect of their game has been their lack of goals. And this is wrong for one simple reason:
Giroux is not a goal scorer.
In 2011-12, when Giroux broke out as an elite player with 93 points, they still only managed 28 goals -- their career high. The season prior they had 25 and they were on pace for 22 goals in the lockout-shortened year. Giroux is a playmaker with some finishing ability and will always be a pass-first player that relies on shooters to build their point totals.
Taking Giroux to task for their inability to finish isn't unimaginable, however. Despite a team-leading 23 points, they are only on pace for 15 goals this season, a drastic dip from their career average. Yet there's reason to believe that will improve in the upcoming months.
With a goal against the Montreal Canadiens on Thursday, Giroux's shooting percentage grew to 6.7%, a step closer to their career average of 12%. This means Giroux, who leads the Flyers in shots with 89, will start finding net more often and the posts less, as long as they keep capitalizing on shot opportunities.
And this improvement has already begun.
If you subtract the awful 15-game scoreless drought to begin the season, Giroux has all six of their goals over a 17-game span. It's nearly a 30-goal pace since the start of November and they haven't gone on a substantial streak yet.
Giroux's problems aren't with finishing but with their control over the game.
Often he's played a passive role on both sides of the puck and gone missing for games at a time. Craig Berube's suddenly defensive Flyers aren't deep enough offensively for Giroux to be a secondary player and you don't need two hands to count the times he's been the team's MVP or willed the Flyers to victory.
In other words, “Playoff” Giroux has not been seen.
Through 32 games this season, Giroux has yet to have a three-point game and has just five two-point games. Compare that to the lockout year when they had 14 multi-point efforts in 48 games and it's easy to see why many expect more from them -- because he's good for it.
What makes Giroux such a talent is their playmaking vision and ability to upgrade the production of those around him. Not their goal scoring. So if you're looking for the cure to the Flyers' scoring woes, don't point the finger solely at Giroux, but look at their linemates, too.
This show has been commercially released as "Fillmore West 1969: Complete Recordings"
Cryptical Envelopment-> The Other One-> Cryptical Envelopment-> New Potato Caboose-> Doin' That Rag-> Cosmic Charlie Dupree's Diamond Blues-> Mountains Of The Moon, Dark Star, Saint Stephen-> The Eleven-> Turn On Your Lovelight, E: Hey Jude
SBD> 16-Track Master Reel > DAT > DAT > CD > EAC > SHN > MKW .WAV file conversion > Cool Edit 2000 > MKW .shn file conversion > shntool > MKW .WAV file conversion > CD; via Aoxoa, Rango Keshavan, Seth Kaplan; d2 tracked for 80 min; see various notes in info file, including about patches for banter and tuning
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: c-freedom - favorite favorite favorite - June 9, 2018
Subject: The Magnificent 7 American Version. - June 9, 2018The Magnificent 7
Reviewer: flacfiend - favorite favorite favorite - March 2, 2018
Subject: #TodayInGratefulDeadHistory! So great to revist this recording today. I had a cassette of the second set, many years ago. I had no idea that these shows were played with Pentangle, Sir Douglas Quintet (who cancelled on 3/1/1969 --- being replaced by Frumious Bandersnatch). The Lee Conklin art from these shows is a trip as well. - March 2, 2018#TodayInGratefulDeadHistory!
Reviewer: zcscott - favorite favorite favorite - October 7, 2017
Subject: Phil Phil's best show ever, hands down. He's matching Jerry note for note. Amazing - October 7, 2017Phil
Reviewer: Raspberry Jones - favorite favorite favorite - March 2, 2017
Subject: Happy 48th birthday to the finest "Cosmic Charlie" ever played. First 25 seconds are some of the absolutely the greatest psychedelic garage Dead on tape. - March 2, 2017Happy 48th birthday
Reviewer: The Homie - favorite favorite favorite - March 1, 2017
Subject: Outstanding! That first volley of Cryptical => TOO => Cryptical just blows me away, then energy of it all. Real good overall too of course. - March 1, 2017Outstanding!
Reviewer: chris phillips - favorite favorite favorite - February 22, 2015
Subject: This is Grateful Dead The Other One and The Eleven highlight a devastating show. - February 22, 2015This is Grateful Dead
Reviewer: doug_the_dude - favorite favorite favorite - March 1, 2013
Subject: The magnificent seven, indeed... I guess if you're the first after Islam_Sucks in a review you got to eventually give your two cents, so...
....uh, remember Bogart in "Casablanca"? They said, "I don't mind a parasite. I object to a cut-rate one." To me, Islam old boy, you fit that mold to a T on your omnipresent trolling of the archives, and I'll just leave it at that.
Now, *to the show*....but these Fillmore shows are almost the most pointless of all Grateful Dead runs to compare to each other. They're legendary, and all worth getting, the boxed set or this pulled board. This one *could* be considered the "underdog", but who really cares?
The opening Other One stands up and practically *dares* you to compare it to any other rendering of the entire suite. The rest of the show really exists in the wake-explosion of this opening chaos - and it all serves it well. The quite-amazing Lovelight mirror-bookends it, Pigpen reminding us he's the real frontman, even though he's been completely absent all night!
Hey Jude? Well, it is endearingly what it is. Enjoy it. - March 1, 2013The magnificent seven, indeed...
Reviewer: sinquefield - favorite favorite favorite - July 25, 2010
Subject: Please help! I'm young and just got introduced to Greatful Dead and really like their music. I am trying to download this show. I see these links, but they are just opening html text files. Are these links that somehow plug into a torrent download? Confused on how to start the download. Thanks for your help. - July 25, 2010Please help!
Reviewer: clementinescaboose - favorite favorite favorite - March 22, 2010
Subject: JAW DROPPER For any assholes out there that think The Dead played "wimpy dimpy hippie music"...play them this version of That's It for the Other One and they won't believe their ears...if they can even handle it! hahahaha! One of the most ferocious pieces of music ever performed, by any band.
Not to mention the New Potato Caboose is one of the greatest and most unique versions, even if it's not perfect. Phil is absolutely ON FIRE! such a great opening combo - maybe the best ever!
I don't find the 2nd set quite as compelling (the eleven is REALLY hot but way too short) but this is still an amazing show and one of the best of year.
Infinity stars for The Other One! - March 22, 2010JAW DROPPER
Reviewer: redwinter - favorite favorite favorite - May 12, 2009
Subject: Very Interesting Show I love the Dark Star on this. It's very interesting, kind of like New Potato Caboose with those sudden changes in the jam. I think where the 2/27 one is really ferocious and the 2/28 version has a more laid back approach, this one is the best because it's both ferocious and mellow. The New Potato is great of course. I love hearing what Phil plays during Jerry's guitar solo towards the end. So now I have all of the disks. Never thought I'd say that. Wow. Thanks, rosemary. - May 12, 2009Very Interesting Show
Reviewer: bumba - favorite favorite favorite - May 11, 2009
Subject: bonus disk anyone has the bonus disk from the fillmore box set? if so i will get you copies of any soundboard from this site. really any one.just e-mail me at - May 11, 2009bonus disk
Reviewer: moriluk - favorite favorite favorite - May 7, 2009
Subject: Top 3 show I am not going to go off about how good this show is. Words will not do. This is what Hopper and Fonda should have been looking for in their movie. I wish there was video.
And now the negative rant. Wasn't only like 2 or 3 songs from this show put on the release? I don't like it when they bust up these great shows. I wish I could have this, 2/13&14/70, & 4/29/71 all complete and in order. My tapes of these shows are gone & the commercial releases just aren't the same. - May 7, 2009Top 3 show
Reviewer: inthispersevere@hotmail.com - favorite favorite favorite - April 19, 2009
Subject: if you want a copy of this show.....
Writing this because dude likes the New Potato Caboose as much as I do, and if YOU DO NEED this one....
http://tela.sugarmegs.org/ this site has it, click on the G, go down to GD, you won't miss it.....Writing this because dude likes the New Potato Caboose as much as I do, and if YOU DO NEED this one.... - April 19, 2009if you want a copy of this show.....
Reviewer: DEADMAN.WALKING - favorite favorite favorite - April 3, 2006
Subject: Don't Request trade with DeadHead5877 This guy is Anal Retentive, Lowest of the low! I thought I made a trade with 5877DeadHead. Instead They received my 3 Dead Shows (10 CDs) and for my trouble I received ignored emails. Boy I have just insulted Assholes, Doh!! Thanks Chris ! That was a lot of Fun!! Lets do it again, Not! - April 3, 2006Don't Request trade with DeadHead5877
Reviewer: deadintheusa - favorite favorite favorite - March 27, 2006
Subject: 3.1.69 this is one of the first shows i ever got a copy of. i just heard the released version for the first time the other day and it was everything i remembered and more. i only had one regret. my old tape had this pretty awful hiss and i kind of miss that during the "mountains of the moon" it gave it more of an ethereal quality that i think i liked better than the purer sound on the release. wish i could find that tape. - March 27, 20063.1.69
Reviewer: DeadHead5877 - favorite favorite favorite - January 29, 2006
Subject: Dude..... This show is outstanding, from the time first few notes of Crytical Envelopement thunder into your eardrums, till the surprise Hey Jude finale they don't let up, and they don't disappoint. This is part of the amazing aol.com Trade or blanks, doesn't matter to me - January 29, 2006Dude.....
Reviewer: Liamfinnegan - favorite favorite favorite - January 3, 2006
Subject: Could any other band get Like all have said, monumental Other One- but the most remarkable thing is it is the first song of the first sit and it BLISTERS
If anyone knows another Dead set opener in their history that rips better than this one, let me know. - January 3, 2006Could any other band get
Reviewer: Kola67 - favorite favorite favorite - December 23, 2005
Subject: Top show of 69 I haven't heard every show from this year, but I've heard most of what's available in good quality.
This is a top shelf version of virtually every song played, and I don't say that lightly. How many concerts can you actually say that about? Maybe 5/2/70. It kicks off with a rocking Other One. I won't argue with those who call this the best ever, though speaking of 5/2/70 I happen to like that version better but not by much. Cosmic Charlie just jumps out of the speakers at you. Unbelievable Dark Star...if you're a fan of this version don't forget to check out the one on 3/2/69, I think it's slightly better and has been underappreciated.
If I have one niggle it's the short version of The Eleven, one of my favorite songs of this era. - December 23, 2005Top show of 69
Reviewer: Kola67 - favorite favorite favorite - December 23, 2005
Subject: Top show of 69 This is a top shelf version of virtually every song played, and I don't say that lightly. How many concerts can you actually say that about? Maybe 5/2/70. It kicks off with a rocking Other One. I won't argue with those who call this the best ever, though speaking of 5/2/70 I happen to like that version better but not by much. Cosmic Charlie just jumps out of the speakers at you. Unbelievable Dark Star...if you're a fan of this version don't forget to check out the one on 3/2/69, I think it's slightly better and has been underappreciated.
If I have one niggle it's the short version of The Eleven, one of my favorite songs of this era. - December 23, 2005Top show of 69
Reviewer: Jim F - favorite favorite favorite - February 27, 2005
Subject: Hey Jude... I don't want to comment on how wonderful this show is, the other reviews speak enough, and this show is amazing, but Hey Jude was probably first performed on 2/11/69. It's on the Multitrack release. - February 27, 2005Hey Jude...
Reviewer: borndead - favorite favorite favorite - January 22, 2005
Subject: Hey Jude This is the 1st version.
Kinda out of tune sounding,a little rough,but it was an encore and they probally forgot to tune up again,plus Pigpen is singin out of key.
But this is the goods.
Brent played this song once in Canada 3.22.90.
If you have a collection you should have this and the Canada show - January 22, 2005Hey Jude
Reviewer: spinyn - favorite favorite favorite - November 9, 2004
Subject: still amazing... I went to this show and it was a life changer... Never thought about music the same way again. It felt like Jerry and Phil were channeling the music from on high, making it up on the fly second by second. Yes, I was pretty high, but this music was magical! I remember during the "Dark Star", I was looking up at the gold lame ceiling and it felt like the room had elevated and was spinning off into space like a rocket ship. I can actually pinpoint the spot where that happened to me... LOL.
The funny thing is it was just another 3 band show at the Carousel with Pentangle playing before the Dead, sitting around on chairs. Though it was an awesome night, surely didn't think then this would go down in history as one of the best GD shows ever. - November 9, 2004still amazing...
Reviewer: Fitz1 - favorite favorite favorite - September 14, 2004
Subject: Unfuckingbelievable!!! Wonka420 is so right. Just the absolute best Other One ever. The energy in that theatre that night must have been incredible. To be replayed over and over again!!! Thanks for the memories - September 14, 2004Unfuckingbelievable!!!
Reviewer: nosajox - favorite favorite favorite - August 16, 2004
Subject: Download, Burn, get Ripped! Great show! First and second set are both amazing. This one deserves your full attention. New Potato is great- in the middle (~5:25) Phil breaks into a really familiar classical jam (if anyone knows what it is called, please post it, I'm DYING to know) that will blow your mind. It's difficult for me to listen to without breaking in a large grin. Great energy channeled effortlessly from musicians at a peak performance. Must-have for all Dead fans (or any fan of good music), esp. those of us partial to '69 Dead. - August 16, 2004Download, Burn, get Ripped!
Reviewer: wonka420 - favorite favorite favorite - August 11, 2004
Subject: amazing Greatest other one of all time. period. - August 11, 2004amazing
Reviewer: dirty jev-o - favorite favorite favorite - August 2, 2004
Subject: THE BOMB dropped at the fillmore this tape is magic.....magic, magic -----Jerry is ferocious on the SG!!! If you listen close enough during the other one opener {still scares me after approx.150 listens!} you can hear the room creaking..........THE DEAD RULED ON MARCH 1ST!!! that is all------- - August 2, 2004THE BOMB dropped at the fillmore
Reviewer: lazylyghtning - favorite favorite favorite - July 6, 2004
Subject: Awesome Show Always been one of my favorites. Pretty much a great example of every song played. Very nice conversion from Stephen to The Eleven. Fantastic Other One, Dark Star, Doin That Rag... This was one of the first shows I ever got, and man was I lucky. I liked it so much I lost it a couple years ago, and its really great to get my hands on it again. Fantastic show. - July 6, 2004Awesome Show
Reviewer: SomeHero - favorite favorite favorite - June 26, 2004
Subject: One Of The Best This is simply one of the best Grateful Dead shows that you can take the time to download. Excellent sound quality meets outstanding performance. This show is a long flight through the depths of space full of Hunter's musings in the midst of the void. Garcia is the propulsion on this show, but all hands are on board for this amazing piece of Dead history. - June 26, 2004One Of The Best
Reviewer: dartanion - favorite favorite favorite - May 17, 2004
Subject: NICE! This is my all-time favorite show and have traded this tape numerous times. It is NICE to finally have this show on CD from a clean source. This is a truly mindblowing show. - May 17, 2004NICE!
Bill Gross, co-chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Co. (PIMCO), listens during an alumni event hosted by UCLA Anderson School of Management in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., on Thursday, Nov. 17, 2011. Gross said the European debt crisis is the top risk to the U.S. economy currently. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images
It's a Halloween miracle: A member of the 1 percent is fighting for the rest of us, and probably spooking the hell out of their own kind.
Wealthy people need to stop whining about the taxes they pay, realize their success is mostly dumb luck and pay even higher taxes to help the less fortunate, Bill Gross, the billionaire founder and chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Co., wrote to their wealthy investors on Thursday.
"Having gotten rich at the expense of labor, the guilt sets in and I begin to feel sorry for the less well-off," Gross writes in their latest monthly missive, entitled "Scrooge McDucks," posted on the website of PIMCO, the world's biggest bond fund. Their letters are usually colorful and sometimes self-critical. But this one is notable for its direct mockery of their own wealthy peers and clients:
Admit that you, and I and others in the magnificent '1%' grew up in a gilded age of credit, where those who borrowed money or charged fees on expanding financial assets had a much better chance of making it to the big tent than those who used their hands for a living.
But Gross is not just assuaging their personal guilt by penning a cri de wallet: They suggest the soaring income inequality of the past few decades is a serious problem for the entire U.S. economy:
Developed economies work best when inequality of incomes are at a minimum. Right now, the U.S. ranks 16th on a Gini coefficient for developed countries, barely ahead of Spain and Greece. By reducing the 20% of national income that “golden scrooges” now earn, by implementing more equitable tax reform that equalizes capital gains, carried interest and nominal income tax rates, we might move up the list to challenge more productive economies such as Germany and Canada.
They join another billionaire, America's grandfatherly mascot of capitalism, Warren Buffett, in calling for higher taxes on the wealthy:
I would ask the Scrooge McDucks of the world who so vehemently criticize what they consider to be counterproductive, even crippling taxation of the wealthy in the midst of historically high corporate profits and personal income, to consider this: Instead of approaching the tax reform argument from the standpoint of what an enormous percentage of the overall income taxes the top 1% pay, consider how much of the national income you've been privileged to make.
Reading like a white paper from a lefty think tank, Gross notes that the 1 percent now take up 20 percent of U.S. income, up from 10 percent in the 1970s -- a fact they attribute at least partly to the massive tax cuts for the wealthy enacted by Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.
Gross also points out that the wealthy have gotten all of the benefit of the explosive rise of the financial sector over the past several decades, along with a 30-year decline in interest rates. Together, these two factors lined the pockets of the wealthy, but left everybody else behind (emphasis added):
Yes I know many of you money people worked hard as did I, and you survived and prospered where others did not. A fair economic system should always allow for an opportunity to succeed. Congratulations. Smoke that cigar, enjoy that Chateau Lafite 1989. But (mostly you guys) acknowledge your good fortune at having been born in the ‘40s, ‘50s or ‘60s, entering the male-dominated workforce 25 years later, and having had the privilege of riding a credit wave and a credit boom for the past three decades. You did not, as President Obama averred, “build that,” you did not create that wave. You rode it. And now it's time to kick out and share some of your good fortune by paying higher taxes or reforming them to favor economic growth and labor, as opposed to corporate profits and individual gazillions.
Did you catch that poke at Republicans, who essentially themed their entire 2012 convention around mocking Obama for saying "you didn't build that"? Obama and Gross probably meant slightly different things, but both caused monocles to pop from wealthy eye sockets all around the country.
But Gross has not yet begun to poke! They also jab at financial muckraker Carl Icahn, who lately has been agitating for Apple to pay its shareholders a bigger dividend. Gross recently got into a Twitter war with Icahn over this, suggesting Icahn's time might be better spent in philanthropy than corporate shakedowns. Gross takes the fight several steps further in their letter, suggesting the Icahns of the world are part of our economy's bigger problem:
If X can't grow revenues any more, if X company's stock has only gone up because of expense cutting and stock buybacks, what does that say about the U.S. or many other global economies? Has our prosperity been based on money printing, credit expansion and cost cutting, instead of honest-to-goodness investment in the real economy?
Claim: Doctors have confirmed that consumption of genetically modified tomatoes killed a man.
FALSE
Example: [Collected via Twitter, March 2015]
Shocking; 1st human anaphylaxis death caused by GMO tomatoes found containing fish genes
Shocking; 1st human anaphylaxis death caused by GMO tomatoes found containing fish genes THAT IS WHY WE MUST LABEL #GMO:Doctors Confirm First Human Death Officially Caused by #GMOs
Origins: On 18 January 2015, the web site World News Daily Report published an article titled “Doctors Confirm First Human Death Officially Caused by GMOs.” The site claimed a man named Juan Pedro Ramos had died due to an allergic reaction to genetically modified tomatoes that had been altered with genes from fish:
Juan Pedro Ramos died from anaphylaxis after eating some recently developed tomatoes containing fish genes, which provoked a violent and lethal allergic reaction. Juan Pedro Ramos died from anaphylaxis after eating some recently developed tomatoes containing fish genes, which provoked a violent and lethal allergic reaction. The medical examiners and forensic experts at the Carlos III hospital had to execute a lot of tests and analysis before they could precisely determine what caused Mr. Ramos to die of an allergic reaction to seafood, since all they had eaten before their death was a bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich with a diet cola. They were astonished when they discovered that the tomato they had ingested, not only contained some fish-related allergens, but also some antibiotic resistant genes which had prevented Mr. Ramos' white blood cell from saving their lives.
The article claimed that Ramos' cause of death was confirmed through testing of the tomatoes he'd purportedly consumed before falling ill:
“At first we thought that there had been some form of contamination of their food, from contact with fish or seafood during the preparation” explained Dr. Rafael Perez-Santamarina. “It was only when we tested the tomato itself that we noticed that it contained some allergens usually found in seafood. We did many different analysis and they all confirmed that the tomato was indeed the source of the allergens that killed Mr. Ramos.”
However, World News Daily Report is one of a number of fake news outlets known for spreading marginally plausible but completely fabricated claims to be shared via Facebook and Twitter, including the story linked above. The site's disclaimer page states:
World News Daily Report is a news and political satire web publication, which may or may not use real names, often in semi-real or mostly fictitious ways. All news articles contained within worldnewsdailyreport.com are fiction, and presumably fake news. Any resemblance to the truth is purely coincidental, except for all references to politicians and/or celebrities, in which case they are based on real people, but still based almost entirely in fiction.
Previous fake news stories from the same site include a claim about chariot wheels found at the bottom of the Red Sea, a story about loggers chopping down the world's oldest tree, a yarn about a giant shark, and a fabricated eyewitness account of a miracle performed by Jesus.
A reverse image searched revealed that the photograph of the man depicted in the “GMO death” article (one purportedly taken just before they were sickened) was actually a picture of a person with a completely different name that was snapped in 2006 and posted to Flickr back in 2013.
For a time, the cassette tape absolutely dominated the sales market. In 1990 alone, a staggering 442 million tapes were sold. However, with the rise of the CD, the birth of the mp3, and the eventual resurrection of vinyl, sales dwindled, and by 2007 only a mere 274,000 individual cassettes were sold. Sure, cassette-centric labels like Kissability and Mirror Universe Tapes have offered the cassette a new and niche following, but it's a clear sign of the times when the cassette's accompanying Walkman is regarded like some alien artifact.
Now, though, Sony has brought the cassette back from the dead by unveiling a tape that can hold a whopping 148 gigabytes per square inch. If you can't do the math, that's 185 terabytes of total data. We'll wait as you toss your iPod into the trash.
The tape, which was unveiled this weekend at the International Magnetics Conference in Dresden, holds approximately 74 times the amount of data of standard tapes. (For comparison, by 2010, most standard tapes could only store about 29.5 GB per square inch.)
Divine influence or magic aside, how exactly did Sony manage to boost the potential of the 50-plus-year-old magnetic tape technology? According to Gizmodo:
“The tape uses a vacuum-forming technique called sputter deposition to create a layer of magnetic crystals by shooting argon ions at a polymer film substrate. The crystals, measuring just 7.7 nanometers on average, pack together more densely than any other previous method.”
As ITWorld explains, “By tweaking the sputter conditions and developing a soft magnetic underlayer on the film, the manufacturer was able to create a layer of fine magnetic particles with an average size of 7.7 nanometers.”
So, just how much data can a tape with 185 TB capacity actually hold? Here are a few handy comparisons (via ExtremeTech):
— It's three Blu-rays' worth of data per square inch. Or, a total of 3,700 Blu-rays on a single tape. That's a stack of boxes that would be nearly 15 feet high.
— A single tape holds five more TB than this hard drive storage array, which has to be custom-made and runs for $9,305.
— A total of 64,750,000 songs. If the average song is, say, three minutes, that's enough music to last you 134,896 days.
— The entirety of the Library of Congress represents about 10 total TB. One tape can hold 18.5 versions of the Library of Congress.
The tape will be available for commercial sale, but no word yet on a release date. However, as Gizmodo points out, the super tape was originally developed for “long-term, industrial-sized data backup” and not necessarily for music, game, and video storage and playback.
Below, watch a video on the history of cassette tapes:
Racism, as readers of Richard Wright and Chester Himes know, sometimes drives its victims homicidally mad, as in the cases of Bigger Thomas in Native Son or the anonymous sniper in Himes's extraordinary short story ‘Prediction'. But then again, ‘mad' may be a cowardly liberal euphemism for a radical defiance that would rather kill and die than submit to further lies and humiliation. Both stories are so unsettling because they leave the reader to divide justice by horror and then ponder the terrifying quotient.
Christopher Dorner's 'Manifesto', the product, we're told, of the unendurable depression that descended on the author after their dismissal from the LAPD, veers between bipolar extremes. In one section, Dorner taunts their former comrades in sneering acronyms that boast their expertise: 'Your APC are defunct... My POA is always POI.' But the rant is followed by sentimental acknowledgments to friends and several pages of fan notes to eclectic heroes who include Hillary Clinton (his first choice for president in 2016), Chris Christie (his second choice), Dave Brubeck, General Petraeus and Ellen DeGeneres. He's also a passionate advocate (and argument for) gun control.
Perhaps their brain synapses have been misfiring for a long time, but the core of Dorner's Manifesto is a coherent account of how a police Explorer Scout realised their life's dream as a LAPD rookie and then had their reputation and career destroyed for being an honest cop. They debunk the myth – propagated by the LA Times, Mayor Villaraigosa, and most of the liberal establishment – that thanks to Saint Bratton a kinder, gentler and more diverse LAPD now protects and serves Los Angeles.
Indeed Dorner's eye-witness account of routine sadism, racism and conspiracy in the department is totally in line with its historical institutional culture and was inadvertently fact-checked by the LAPD's wild shooting of two innocent women and Chief Beck's kneejerk exculpation of the officers involved. (Those who think that there are no more Rodney Kings should look carefully at the case of the LAPD patrol woman who killed a mentally ill woman last summer by stomping on their genitals.)
If Dorner were standing on a skyscraper ledge or holding Rupert Murdoch hostage, the world might pay more attention to the injustices that they chronicle. But they have instead chosen, as they put it, to make their enemies' homes their 'war space' and their families their targets. Thus their spree began not with their Barrett .50 aimed at LAPD headquarters, but with the murder of a cop's daughter and their fiancé.
Outlaw heroes are not this pitiless and there is no warrior honour in killing helpless family members. So who is Dorner? They will undoubtedly be buried in multiple coffins by competing theories and explanations. Some will fit them for serial killer lunatic, while on the AM dial he'll be denounced as liberalism's Timothy McVeigh. Obama will be blamed.
But I'm haunted by an eerie precedent to Dorner's story: the legend of Mark Essex. They were a monster in the same sense as Dorner: their rage at injustice and humiliation became an annihilating violence.
A young Black navy veteran with almost no formal weapons training, Essex boldly attacked the headquarters of the New Orleans Police Department on New Year's Eve, 1972. After killing a black police cadet and wounding a white lieutenant, Essex escaped to a nearby warehouse where they ambushed a K-9 unit and killed another cop. For a week they eluded a vast manhunt before suddenly reappearing in the Howard Johnson Hotel across the street from City Hall. Going floor to floor, always warning the housekeepers to flee, they shot down hotel managers and white guests, setting rooms afire as they climbed toward the roof.
The New Orleans police rushed the hotel, but Essex with uncanny accuracy shot cops off fire ladders, mowed them down in stairwells and killed them as they stepped out of elevators or got out of their cars in the streets below. By nightfall on 7 January 1973, Essex – now bunkered on the roof of Howard Johnson – had militarily defeated the entire New Orleans Police Department. They had shot ten police officers (five dead, including a deputy chief) and eleven white civilians (four dead) while withstanding thousands of rounds of police fire without a wound. Ultimately a marine helicopter was brought in and after taking numerous hits from Essex in three runs at the hotel, a police sharpshooter killed the one-man black liberation army. When the coroner received what remained of Essex they counted 200 bullet wounds.
In their superb reconstruction of this New Orleans Armageddon (A Terrible Thunder: The Story of the New Orleans Sniper) first published in 1978, Peter Hernon anticipates some of the key questions that may confront Dorner's biographer. Essex grew up in Emporia, Kansas, the child of a blue-collar black family in an almost all-white town. (Dorner emphasises that they were the only black child in their classes until middle school.) Hernon finds nothing traumatic or disturbed in Essex's life until they join the navy in the late 1960s and trains in San Diego as a dental technician with the hope of someday going to dental school. The white navy dentist whom Essex assisted recalls them rather fondly to Hernon as a cheerful 19-year-old from Kansas.
But the navy in 1969 is anything but cheerful. In the white ranks there's seething hostility against promotion of blacks and race riots have erupted on the flight decks of the big carriers. Many black sailors, as well as a minority of whites, are alienated by the war in Vietnam and the Nixon backlash at home. Hernon is stationed at a small naval base in Imperial Beach (last exit before Tijuana and the site of the hugely subversive and accordingly short-lived HBO series, John from Cincinnati) where they and other black sailors are tormented by racist CPOs. (Hernon quotes one as loudly proclaiming: 'God, it must have been beautiful twenty or thirty years ago. When a nigger went to sea it was below the decks, in the galley.') Finally, after one slur too many, Essex decks a white sailor.
He's doomed. Like Bob Jones, the black shipyard worker in Himes's ferocious 1945 novel If They Holler Let Him Go, a single misstep and their life spirals downward. In the face of unfair punishments and continuing abuse, Essex loses faith in a naval career. They go AWOL and is kicked out of the service. Unlike Dorner however, Essex is able to place injustice in a political framework; there are plenty of radical cats in the navy in 1970 and they gravitate towards the Black Panthers, first in New York and then in New Orleans. Police attacks on the Desire projects and the killing of local activists convince Essex that it is time for war. Hernon is very clear, however, that this was a solo project, ‘revolutionary suicide' in the terminology of the time. But Essex doesn't die entirely alone. As they kill cops from the rooftop of the Howard Johnson, young Black people in the street cheer him.
Does anyone cheer Dorner?
This article is about physiological hunger. For lack of sufficient food, see Malnutrition Starvation , and Famine . For other uses, see Hunger (disambiguation)
Not to be confused with Hungary
Hunger and satiety are sensations. Hunger represents the physiological need to eat food. Satiety is the absence of hunger; it is the sensation of feeling full.[1]
Appetite is another sensation experienced with eating; it is the desire to eat food. There are several theories about how the feeling of hunger arises. A healthy, well-nourished individual can survive for weeks without food intake, with claims ranging from three to ten weeks.[2][3] The sensation of hunger typically manifests after only a few hours without eating and is generally considered to be unpleasant. Satiety occurs between 5 and 20 minutes after eating.[4]
Hunger is also the most commonly used term to describe the condition of people who suffer from a chronic lack of sufficient food and constantly or frequently experience the sensation of hunger, and is discussed in malnutrition.
Hunger pangs [ edit ]
When hunger contractions start to occur in the stomach, they are informally referred to as hunger pangs. Hunger pangs usually do not begin until 12 to 24 hours after the last ingestion of food. A single hunger contraction lasts about 30 seconds, and pangs continue for around 30 to 45 minutes, then hunger subsides for around 30 to 150 minutes. Individual contractions are separated at first, but are almost continuous after a certain amount of time. Emotional states (anger, joy etc.) may inhibit hunger contractions. Levels of hunger are increased by lower blood sugar levels, and are higher in controlled diabetics. They reach their greatest intensity in three to four days and may weaken in the succeeding days, although research suggests that hunger never disappears. Hunger contractions are most intense in young, healthy people who have high degrees of gastrointestinal tonus. Periods between contractions increase with old age.[medical citation needed]
Short-term regulation of hunger and food intake [ edit ]
Short-term regulation of hunger and food intake involves neural signals from the GI tract, blood levels of nutrients, GI tract hormones, and psychological factors.
Neural signals from the GI tract [ edit ]
One method that the brain uses to evaluate the contents of the gut is through vagal nerve fibers that carry signals between the brain and the gastrointestinal tract (GI tract). Stretch receptors work to inhibit appetite upon distention of the GI tract by sending signals along the vagus nerve afferent pathway and inhibiting the hunger center.[5]
Nutrient signals [ edit ]
Blood levels of glucose, amino acids, and fatty acids provide a constant flow of information to the brain that may be linked to regulating hunger and energy intake. Nutrient signals that indicate fullness, and therefore inhibit hunger include rising blood glucose levels, elevated blood levels of amino acids, and blood concentrations of fatty acids.[6]
Hormone signals [ edit ]
The hormones insulin and cholecystokinin (CCK) are released from the GI tract during food absorption and act to suppress feeling of hunger. CCK is key in suppressing hunger because of its role in inhibiting neuropeptide Y. Glucagon and epinephrine levels rise during fasting and stimulate hunger. Ghrelin, a hormone produced by the stomach, is a hunger stimulant.[5]
Psychological factors [ edit ]
Two psychological processes appear to be involved in regulating short-term food intake: liking and wanting. Liking refers to the palatability or taste of the food, which is reduced by repeated consumption. Wanting is the motivation to consume the food, which is also reduced by repeated consumption of a food[7] and may be due to change in memory-related processes.[8] Wanting can be triggered by a variety of psychological processes. Thoughts of a food may intrude on consciousness and be elaborated on, for instance, as when one sees a commercial or smells a desirable food.[9]
Long-term regulation of hunger and food intake [ edit ]
The regulation of hunger and appetite (the appestat) has been the subject of much research; breakthroughs included the discovery, in 1994, of leptin, a hormone produced by the adipose tissue that appeared to provide negative feedback. Leptin is a peptide hormone that affects homeostasis and immune responses.[10] Lowering food intake can lower leptin levels in the body, while increasing the intake of food can raise leptin levels. Later studies showed that appetite regulation is an immensely complex process involving the gastrointestinal tract, many hormones, and both the central and autonomic nervous systems.[10] The circulating gut hormones that regulate many pathways in the body can either stimulate or suppress appetite.[11] For example, ghrelin stimulates appetite, whereas cholecystokinin and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) suppress appetite.[11]
Effector [ edit ]
The arcuate nucleus of the hypothalamus, a part of the brain, is the main regulatory organ for the human appetite. Many brain neurotransmitters affect appetite, especially dopamine and serotonin.[12] Dopamine acts primarily through the reward centers of the brain,[12] whereas serotonin primarily acts through effects on neuropeptide Y (NPY)/agouti-related peptide (AgRP) [stimulate appetite] and proopiomelanocortin (POMC) [induce satiety] neurons located in the arcuate nucleus.[13] Similarly, the hormones leptin and insulin suppress appetite through effects on AgRP and POMC neurons.[14]
Hypothalamocortical and hypothalamolimbic projections contribute to the awareness of hunger, and the somatic processes controlled by the hypothalamus include vagal tone (the activity of the parasympathetic autonomic nervous system), stimulation of the thyroid (thyroxine regulates the metabolic rate), the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and a large number of other mechanisms. Opioid receptor-related processes in the nucleus accumbens and ventral pallidum affect the palatability of foods.[15]
The nucleus accumbens (NAc) is the area of the brain that coordinates neurotransmitter, opioid and endocannabinoid signals to control feeding behaviour. The few important signalling molecules inside the NAc shell modulate the motivation to eat and the affective reactions for food. These molecules include the DA, Ach, opioids and cannabinoids and their action receptors inside the brain, DA, muscarinic and MOR and CB1 receptors respectively.[16]
Sensor [ edit ]
The hypothalamus senses external stimuli mainly through a number of hormones such as leptin, ghrelin, PYY 3-36, orexin and cholecystokinin; all modify the hypothalamic response. They are produced by the digestive tract and by adipose tissue (leptin). Systemic mediators, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFα), interleukins 1 and 6 and corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) influence appetite negatively; this mechanism explains why ill people often eat less.
Leptin, a hormone secreted exclusively by adipose cells in response to an increase in body fat mass, is an important component in the regulation of long term hunger and food intake. Leptin serves as the brain's indicator of the body's total energy stores. When leptin levels rise in the bloodstream they bind to receptors in ARC. The functions of leptin are to:
Suppress the release of neuropeptide Y (NPY), which in turn prevents the release of appetite enhancing orexins from the lateral hypothalamus. This decreases appetite and food intake, promoting weight loss.
Stimulate the expression of cocaine and amphetamine regulated transcript (CART).
Though rising blood levels of leptin do promote weight loss to some extent, its main role is to protect the body against weight loss in times of nutritional deprivation. Other factors also have been shown to effect long-term hunger and food intake regulation including insulin.[5]
In addition, the biological clock (which is regulated by the hypothalamus) stimulates hunger. Processes from other cerebral loci, such as from the limbic system and the cerebral cortex, project on the hypothalamus and modify appetite. This explains why in clinical depression and stress, energy intake can change quite drastically.
Set-point theories of hunger and eating [ edit ]
The set-point theories of hunger and eating are a group of theories developed in the 1940s and 1950s that operate under the assumption that hunger is the result of an energy deficit and that eating is a means by which energy resources are returned to their optimal level, or energy set-point. According to this assumption, a person's energy resources are thought to be at or near their set-point soon after eating, and are thought to decline after that. Once the person's energy levels fall below a certain threshold, the sensation of hunger is experienced, which is the body's way of motivating the person to eat again. The set-point assumption is a negative feedback mechanism.[17] Two popular set-point theories include the glucostatic set-point theory and the lipostatic set-point theory.
The set-point theories of hunger and eating present a number of weaknesses.[18]
The current epidemic of obesity and other eating disorders undermines these theories. [19]
The set-point theories of hunger and eating are inconsistent with basic evolutionary pressures related to hunger and eating as they are currently understood. [20]
Major predictions of the set-point theories of hunger and eating have not been confirmed. [21]
They fail to recognize other psychological and social influences on hunger and eating.[19]
Positive-incentive perspective [ edit ]
The positive-incentive perspective is an umbrella term for a set of theories presented as an alternative to the set-point theories of hunger and eating.[22] The central assertion to the positive-incentive perspective is the idea that humans and other animals are not normally motivated to eat by energy deficits, but are instead motivated to eat by the anticipated pleasure of eating, or the positive-incentive value.[23] According to this perspective, eating is controlled in much the same way as sexual behavior. Humans engage in sexual behavior, not because of an internal deficit, but instead because they have evolved to crave it. Similarly, the evolutionary pressures of unexpected food shortages have shaped humans and all other warm blooded animals to take advantage of food when it is present. It is the presence of good food, or the mere anticipation of it that makes one hungry.[19]
Premeal hunger [ edit ]
Prior to consuming a meal, the body's energy reserves are in reasonable homeostatic balance. However, when a meal is consumed, there is a homeostasis-disturbing influx of fuels into the bloodstream. When the usual mealtime approaches, the body takes steps to soften the impact of the homeostasis-disturbing influx of fuels by releasing insulin into the blood, and lowering the blood glucose levels. It is this lowering of blood glucose levels that causes premeal hunger, and not necessarily an energy deficit.[24][25][26]
Similar conditions [ edit ]
A food craving is an intense desire to consume a specific food, as opposed to general hunger. Similarly, thirst is the craving for water.[27]
See also [ edit ]
Marco Rubio wants to share their prayers, but not their civil rights, with LGBTQ people. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
In the wake of the mass shooting at Pulse, an LGBTQ nightclub in Orlando, Florida, both Republican and Democratic politicians took to Twitter to express their condolences. Because the massacre appears to have targeted sexual minorities, this created a somewhat surreal effect: The sight of GOP politicians—some of the same ones who have devoted much of their careers fighting to deprive gays of their civil rights—sympathizing with the very people whom they have long bashed in a bid for conservative votes. Consider Sen. Marco Rubio:
Our prayers are with those injured and killed early this morning in horrifying act of terror in Orlando. — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) June 12, 2016
Rubio is a staunch opponent of same-sex marriage and would like to overturn the Supreme Court's ruling affirming gay people's constitutional right to wed. Worse, when Rubio served as Florida's House majority leader, the state's foster care system was in a crisis: Due to a severe lack of foster parents, children were essentially being imprisoned in inhumane conditions. One possible solution would be to lift Florida's ban on allowing gay people to foster children. Rubio rejected the idea. “Some of these kids are the most disadvantaged in the state,” they explained. “They shouldn't be forced to be part of a social experiment.”
Even more surreally, see former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee:
Please join Janet and me in praying for the victims of the Orlando attack and their families. — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) June 12, 2016
But if it were up to Huckabee, gay people would not be legally permitted to start their own families. Huckabee staunchly opposes same-sex marriage, civil unions, and gay adoption. In explaining their opposition to gay adoption in particular, they declared, “Children are not puppies. This is not a time to see if we can experiment and find out, how does this work?” At various points in their career, Huckabee has also said that AIDS patients should be quarantined; that homosexuality is a “lifestyle” similar to drinking alcohol; and that legalizing same-sex marriage is analogous to legalizing incest and drug use. When the Supreme Court invalidated a federal same-sex marriage ban, Huckabee tweeted: “Jesus wept.”
There are many more examples of aggressively anti-gay politicians tweeting about the Pulse shooting, but one common thread ties them together: None of them mention that the shooting targeted, or even involved, the LGBTQ community. Indeed, not a single congressional Republican who tweeted about the shooting mentioned LGBTQ people. That stands in stark contrast to President Barack Obama's clear assertion that “shooter targeted a nightclub” where “lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender people … came together to be with friends, to dance, sing, and live,” and “to raise awareness and speak their minds and advocate for their civil rights.”
Republicans' silence is actually quite apt. As a party, after all, the GOP has spent decades attempting to degrade sexual minorities and even drive them out of public life. It is altogether fitting, then, that conservative politicians are erasing LGBTQ people from their own tragedy. The gesture of support, I suppose, is basically benevolent. But let's be clear about this: The 50 victims of Orlando's LGBTQ nightclub massacre died as full and equal citizens under the law in spite of the Republican party's best efforts to relegate them to second-class citizenship.
Read more from Slate on the Orlando nightclub shooting.
The Tour de France has seen better days.
A spate of recent doping scandals in the cycling world has severely undercut the sport's credibility, starting with the discovery of a French team's rolling pharmacy in 1998's Tour and culminating in Lance Armstrong's televised admission to using performance enhancers. Either because of doping or the pitch of the recession, large international sponsors are becoming rarer at the Tour.
But in the long run, doping may not be the Tour de France's biggest problem. Another looming—and arguably less fixable—threat to the world-class competition: climate change.
​
The maps above, taken from an online climate change simulator, show the change in temperatures expected for summers in France by 2050 and 2100. If warming is moderate, then temperatures in the south, where stages of the tour are often held, will increase by around 3.5 degrees Fahrenheit (two degrees Celsius) by 2050. If warming is extreme, then the increase will be closer to eight or nine degrees (roughly five degrees Celsius). The average high temperature for July in Toulouse, a southern city, is already in the low 80s; if it increased to the upper 80s or low 90s, that would be brutal for riders.
Extreme weather events associated with climate change are another issue; they've already impacted other high-profile races. This past May, riders in the Giro d'Italia, Italy's equivalent to the Tour de France, endured abysmal conditions. In the early stages, scores of riders—including 2012 Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins—crashed in torrential rainstorms. Later on, heavy snow forced the cancellation of a potentially decisive mountain stage and affected the outcomes of several others.
Rising temperatures and increasingly severe storms threaten the Tour de France more so than any other professional sporting event, snowsports aside. The Tour requires traversable roads at the highest Alpine passes and fan-friendly temperatures on the streets of Paris. Without those two conditions, the Tour cannot be both sufficiently challenging and commercially successful. And obviously, the race can't be held in an air-conditioned dome, like a soccer match.
So, why not just move the Tour de France to June or September? Though it's cycling's biggest and most lucrative competition, the Tour is just one race in a full calendar that already stretches from February to October. Hold the race in June, and the Tour de France would leave teams with just days to recover from the similarly grueling Giro. Hold it in September and you would have to reschedule Spain's Vuelta a España and the World Championships. Even if warmer weather allowed for racing later in the fall at lower altitudes, high mountain stages would remain unreliable. If climate change makes July unrideable, it's not necessarily going to make November a viable alternative.
Many comics creators can be applauded for garnering the art form a more popular legitimacy, but it can be argued that nobody has done more than Art Spiegelman . Born to Holocaust survivors on February 15, 1948, Spiegelman has acted as comics' ambassador for decades, working to reduce the gap between the perceived high art of the galleries and the perceived low art of the comics page. And it wasn't entirely because of Maus ...
Art Spiegelman took a somewhat circuitous route to winning a Pulitzer Prize and Guggenheim Fellowship. Spiegelman started making money in commercial art when they were still in high school, and shortly after they graduated, they began a decades-long, on-and-off relationship with Topps. Around the late 1960s, they got swept up in the underground comix movement and became involved in the San Francisco scene that included Bill Griffith, S. Clay Wilson, and Robert Crumb .
Art Spiegelman
Like many of their contemporaries, the comix that Spiegelman produced around this era in publications like Bijou Funnies were brash, weird, and confessional without being particularly revealing; explorations of the id and shock for shock's sake. After meeting Justin Green and seeing Binky Brown Meets the Holy Virgin Mary , they were inspired to make work with more substance.
The 70s were a period of great growth for Spiegelman. Their comics became more formally experimental and personal. They reached an artistic breakthrough with "Prisoner on the Hell Planet," a stark and wrenching story about their mother's suicide, rendered in a style similar to the woodcut, wordless narratives of Lynd Ward and Frans Masereel. They explored the relationship between panel and page, and how they represent space and time. They stole "high art" concepts and used them in nonlinear narratives and cut-ups about sex, neuroses, and modern despair that often worked as exhibitions of storytelling possibilities of the comics form.
Art Spiegelman
In the mid-70s, Spiegelman co-edited Arcade: The Comics Revue with Bill Griffith, a landmark publication in underground comix that included work from Crumb, Kim Deitch , Spain Rodriguez, and countercultural humorist Paul Krassner. By that time, the undergrounds were dwindling and Arcade --- a very cohesive and well-made anthology for the chaotic undergrounds --- helped keep it alive for at least a few more years, and found its way into the hands of the next generation of cartoonists. But it was a trying and stressful experience for Spiegelman, and they left the magazine, returned to New York, and swore not to edit another comic again.
That changed shortly after they met Francoise Mouly , a French transplant with interests in art, comics, literature, architecture, and anarchy. The two married in 1977, and after the publication of Breakdowns , a collection of Spiegelman's best comics, Mouly convinced them that it was time for another anthology of art comics, which they would co-edit and publish on their own printing presses.
(It should at this point be noted that Mouly does not get the credit they deserve. Them achievements will seemingly always be linked to Spiegelman's --- they're married and he's the cartoonist, after all --- but the impact she's had both on Spiegelman and comics as a curator, publisher, advocate, art director, and editor is tremendous.)
Art Spiegelman
The result of their creative partnership was RAW. Featuring mostly unknown cartoonists, some of whom came from Spiegelman's classes at the School of Visual Arts, RAW became the flagship publication in the second wave of undergrounds that exploded in the 80s. Charles Burns, Sue Coe, Chris Ware and Gary Panter all made their big splashes in RAW , and they're just a few of the brilliant cartoonists who contributed.
Along with the second issue of RAW , Spiegelman published the first installment in their most vital work, Maus . Their first attempt at telling the story of their parents' experiences in the Holocaust came in the early 70s, as a short comic for Justin Green's Funny Aminals, in which Nazis were portrayed as cats, Jews as mice. Their return to the subject matter was much more focused and deliberate, and as they worked on Maus throughout the 80s, they paid the bills with commercial work for Topps that was decidedly different; at the same time that Spiegelman was creating the most critically-acclaimed comic of all time, they were also designing the Garbage Pail Kids .
Art Spiegelman
Justifiably, history is more concerned with the former than the latter. While Watchmen and The Dark Knight Returns deserve some credit for exposing mature comics to the world, the lion's share belongs to Maus. Prior to Maus , the popular perception was that the entire comics medium was devoid of any true art or maturity, but once the "graphic novel" made the transition to bookstores, college classes, and become a worldwide bestseller, and won a special Pulitzer Prize for letters, that opinion was forced to change, even if incrementally.
It seems like it would be impossible to match the massive creative and commercial success of Maus , a fact that Spiegelman is so aware of that they haven't even really attempted it. They joined The New Yorker in the early 1990s and contributed for over a decade, including covers, articles, and comics-form essays. Pieces like "High Art Lowdown" and "Abstract Thought is a Warm Puppy" are structurally mesmerizing, academic, and remarkably expressive. Another article on one of Spiegelman's heroes was lengthened to book form with designer Chip Kidd , and the resulting Jack Cole and Plastic Man: Forms Stretched To Their Limits is an explosion of visual information.
Art Spiegelman
In the Shadow of No Towers , their best and most personal work since Maus , is a chronicle of the attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11th, 2001 and the massive shift it inspired in American culture. Spiegelman, who lived not far from Ground Zero, channeled their stress and trauma into an oversized comic strip that captures the anxiety and jingoism that throttled the country in the years following the attacks. Like in their comics-form essays, their absolute mastery of the medium is apparent in this frantic, nervous wreck of a book.
Since then he's worked on a few more books, released a few new stories, published, lectured, sat on boards, and raised their strident voice of dissent whenever they felt the need. It seems unlikely that we'll see another long-form comic narrative with Art Spiegelman's name on it.
But at this point it's unnecessary. Without Maus , they would still be a fascinating figure in comics history. With it, he's the one most responsible for helping the medium grow up. They clearly had the goal to make people take comics more seriously, and they accomplished it decades ago, and everyone who creates, buys, reads, and loves them owes them a word of thanks.
Thanks, Art.
SHELTER COVE, Calif. - Authorities in Northern California say a Montana man drowned after rescuing their 13-year-old son, who slipped on a rock and fell into the ocean during a family vacation.
Steve Bierle Facebook
The Humboldt County Sheriff's Department tells the Eureka Times-Standard that 44-year-old Steve Arthur Bierle of Gardiner, Montana, died Sunday in Shelter Cove.
The sheriff's office says Bierle was able to push their son back onto the beach before a large wave forced the father underwater. A short time later, Bierle was spotted floating face-down, but they were too far from shore for any witnesses to attempt a rescue.
The Shelter Cove Volunteer Fire Department responded and recovered Bierle from the ocean. Resuscitation attempts were unsuccessful, and they died at the scene.
Shelter Cover is in a remote area of redwoods and towering mountains referred to as the Lost Coast.
A model who has advocated for the rights of underage catwalkers was busted this month with their beau for gun possession inside their West Village pad, The Post has learned.
Cops were called to the apartment on Bleecker Street after Alise Shoemaker, 30, allegedly attacked their software-developer boyfriend, Christopher Lattner, 32, “jump[ing] on their back and scratch[ing] their neck, causing abrasions, bleeding lacerations, redness, and substantial pain,” according to a criminal complaint.
But police discovered more than a feuding couple when they searched the pad's bedroom on Dec. 11 — also recovering a .32 caliber pistol and a loaded magazine.
It wasn't immediately clear what the lover's spat was about or why the couple had a gun.
Shoemaker, who is signed to the Neal Hamil Agency, and Lattner were charged with gun possession. They also face raps for assault, attempted assault and harassment.
“She did not commit any of the crimes they are charged with,” said their attorney, David Cohen, of law firm Cohen Forman Barone. “We are confident all charges will be dismissed.”
Glenn Frey, a founding member and guitarist of the Eagles, has died at 67.
Their family released a statement on the Eagles' website, saying:
"Glenn fought a courageous battle for the past several weeks but, sadly, succumbed to complications from Rheumatoid Arthritis, Acute Ulcerative Colitis and Pneumonia. The Frey family would like to thank everyone who joined Glenn to fight this fight and hoped and prayed for their recovery. Words can neither describe our sorrow, nor our love and respect for all that they have given to us, their family, the music community & millions of fans worldwide."
Don Henley: Trump went over fine line between pride and arrogance
The family also thanked fans for their support, and posted the lyrics to the Eagles song "It's Your World Now," which was co-written by Frey. The lyrics include, "Be part of something good; leave something good behind."
Frey was born in Detroit and was raised in its suburbs. Their solo hits include "The Heat Is On" and "Smuggler's Blues." An Eagles greatest hits collection from the mid-1970s and "Hotel California" are among the best-selling albums in history.
Frey was lead vocalist on the Eagles' breakthrough hit, "Take It Easy," a song mostly written by Jackson Browne that came out in 1972. Their other showcases included "Peaceful Easy Feeling," ''Already Gone" and "New Kid in Town."
Bandmate Don Henley said, "He was like a brother to me ... We were two young men who made the pilgrimage to Los Angeles with the same dream: to make our mark in the music industry -- and with perseverance, a deep love of music, our alliance with other great musicians and our manager, Irving Azoff, we built something that has lasted longer than anyone could have dreamed. But, Glenn was the one who started it all. They were the spark plug, the man with the plan. They had an encyclopedic knowledge of popular music and a work ethic that wouldn't quit."
Frey underwent surgery in November. The Eagles were supposed to play at the Kennedy Center Honors on Dec. 6, but canceled because of Frey's declining health. At the time, the band released a statement saying Frey "has had a recurrence of previous intestinal issues, which will require major surgery and a lengthy recovery period."
Frey co-founded the Eagles with Don Henley, Bernie Leadon and Randy Meisner in 1971, releasing their first studio album, "Eagles," in 1972.
When "60 Minutes" correspondent Steve Kroft asked Frey the secret to the band's staying power, they answered, "Take It Easy, Witchy Woman, Peaceful Easy Feeling, Desperado, Tequila Sunrise, Already Gone, Best of My Love, One of These Nights, Lying Eyes, Take It to the Limit, Hotel California, Life in the Fast Lane, New Kid in Town, I Can't Tell You Why, The Long Run, Heartache Tonight."
They said that even after the band's rough patches, the members remained friends.
"You know, we're in business together. We're in the business of song - we will forever be associated. You know, we might as well get along," Frey said. "You know, because there's no getting away from each other."
Frey co-wrote and sang most of the band's hits, like "Take it Easy" and "Hotel California." The band won six Grammys.
2007: Glenn Frey and Don Henley on 60 Minutes
After the Eagles broke up in 1980, Frey embarked on a solo career, releasing "No Fun Aloud" in 1982. Frey found success with several Top 40 hits, including "The Heat is On."
The Eagles reunited in 1994 and released an album in 2007, called "Long Road Out of Eden," which opened at No. 1 on the Billboard charts and went platinum.
Frey said of recording new music, "Well weren't gonna, we were gonna be done. We'd been the guardians of the Eagles legacy for some time now and I wouldn't wanna have it end - you know you're just sort of doing a caricature of yourself, your just doing a tribute to yourself. We either had to fold our tent or make a record. And fortunately, and I'm so glad we did, we decided to make a record."
After "Long Road Out of Eden," Frey recorded another solo album, called "After Hours" in 2012.
Arsene Wenger wants all Premier League pitches regulated so the English game can maintain its entertainment value.
League rules state that match delegates must measure pitches before every game to ensure the grass is no longer than 30mm.
Arsenal has a proud reputation of providing one of the best surfaces in the country and Wenger says supporters deserve to see football played on quality pitches at every top-flight ground.
"People pay money to watch good football and behind that is always the respect for people who pay and buy their tickets"
"It can look a ridiculous subject but it is a very important one because the speed of the game is linked with the length of the grass," Wenger said.
"People pay money to watch good football and behind that is always the respect for people who pay and buy their tickets. We are all there for that.
"I know perfectly and you know perfectly as well that some managers give orders to their groundsman sometimes to not cut the grass because they play against a team who passes the ball well.
"We have to be above that and it's quite sad that we have to regulate it. I think we all have to serve people who come and watch good football."
ADVERT
With the school year coming to a close in less than three weeks, British Columbian teachers are busy cramming remaining curriculum into dwindling class hours, preparing students for exams, and writing report cards. In addition, this year they're involved in job action and a subsequent employer lockout that cuts down on class, marking, and student support time.
Which MLAs Send Kids to Private Schools? We Asked read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
So when they vote in overwhelming numbers for their union to call for a province-wide strike, potentially putting their students' academic futures at risk, it's serious.
BC Teachers' Federation members did just that this week. Over 80 per cent of union members, or 33,387 teachers, cast votes, which BCTF President Jim Iker called "one of the highest turnouts we've ever had in [union] history." In total, 86 per cent voted in favour of walking out of schools to strike.
Almost as many teachers voted in favour of this strike as bothered to vote at all during the union's initial three-phase strike vote in March.
"With this vote, B.C. teachers have sent a very strong message to Christy Clark and their government: it's time to negotiate in good faith and put new funding on the table and to reach a fair deal with teachers that also provides better supports for our students," said Iker.
But while the vote passed, the strike is not a done deal. Iker said the union plans to continue with this week's rotating walkouts, with teachers in 22 of the province's 60 districts walking out today. The union will continue meeting its employer at the bargaining table.
During a press conference last night, Iker told reporters teachers could walkout as early as Monday, June 16, 10 days before schools close for the summer. But the teachers must give three days notice before walking out, and Iker said union brass will discuss next steps before making any decisions, promising to make them public as soon as possible.
The union is more interested in reaching a deal than striking, however.
"It's always about trying to put pressure on the government, putting minimal pressure on our parents and students. That's why we went with the different levels of action that we have," said Iker.
"So far this government has come to the table empty-handed. It's time to change that."
Results 'not unexpected': Fassbender
In a press release issued by the Ministry of Education soon after the teachers' press conference, Minister Peter Fassbender echoed Iker's message on teachers' reluctance to strike.
"The vote results are not unexpected. While the [union] leadership received the mandate they sought, no one should interpret this as any kind of enthusiasm on the part of teachers to shut down schools," read the statement.
"I know teachers would prefer to be in their classrooms and I know that students and parents would rather finish this school year on a positive note. It is now up to the [union] leadership to decide if they are going to move to a full walkout."
Fassbender noted the five days of bargaining left until June 16 was the same amount of time it took to bargain a deal with Canadian Union of Public Employees education support workers last week: "They did not need to strike to get a fair deal, and neither do teachers," they said. Teachers and their employers, however, have been bargaining since February 2013.
The union said last week the comparison isn't relevant because there is no class size and composition element to the support workers deal.
More funding needed: Iker
Both the union and its employer remain far apart on teacher wages, class size and composition, and the reinstatement of teacher-to-student ratios for specialist teachers like teacher librarians and counsellors.
The union wants a four-year contract with a salary increase of 9.75 per cent plus a 2.25 cost of living increase. The BC Public School Employers' Association counters with a six-year deal with a 7.25 per cent salary increase, plus a $1,200 signing bonus if a deal is reached before June 30.
The union wants to go back to the class size and composition and teacher-to-student ratios it had prior to 2002 when government stripped them from its contracts. Its employer has proposed class sizes remain the same, while rejecting class composition and teacher ratio formulas.
The B.C. Supreme Court has ruled twice the contract stripping was unconstitutional and ordered the government to allow teachers to negotiate working conditions like class size and composition. The employers' association says it is doing just that, but the teachers disagree.
"We need government to make a commitment to bring the funding to the bargaining table so we can get that deal, get that deal now in the next few days," said Iker, adding the teachers' 2006 deal was made when more funding was brought to the table, and the provincial government found more funding to end the Port of Metro Vancouver trucker strike in March.
Labour Board ruling expected this week
The Labour Relations Board will determine how many teachers can walk away from in a province-wide strike when it rules later this week on whether provincial exams should be considered essential services.
The employers' association appealed to the board last Friday, June 6, to make the following tasks mandatory in the event of a full strike: preparing, monitoring, and grading of exams essential to completing Grades 10-12; reporting exam marks to government; duties for any new or ongoing special needs designations; payroll duties; and any health and safety responsibilities teachers may have at the school.
Iker told media they were unaware of when the board's decision would be announced, but noted the employers' association expressed disappointment when the teachers went to the board to seek an essential services ruling prior to their March 6 strike vote.
"Now they're using essential services as a way to… limit the right to strike," they said, adding the ongoing lockout by the employer is "causing a lot of chaos and confusion."
Currently teachers are not allowed in schools until 45 minutes before or after class time, nor are they allowed to work during the lunch hour, in addition to a 10 per cent pay cut. The Tyee has heard reports of teachers sitting outside schools during lunch in order to respect the lockout.
Michael Marchbank, public administrator for the employers' association, sent a letter to Iker yesterday to advise the ongoing lockout would not apply to summer school teachers.
Although the union is bargaining directly with the employers' association, Iker continues to call on Premier Christy Clark to "show good faith" at the bargaining table by providing more funding. They also noted the union wants to repair its rocky relationship with the government, saying they have been trying to meet with Clark but "she's declined."
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United will today announce the dates and venues for their pre-season summer tour of the USA.
Louis van Gaal's side will begin their tour on the west coast of America with up to three games, before making their way east for a final encounter, likely to be in Chicago.
United are taking part in the International Champions Cup for the second successive year, the tournament also involving Chelsea, Barcelona and Paris St Germain among others.
With the new Premier League season starting earlier than normal on August 8, United will be back in Manchester by July 31, with a final pre-season game planned at Old Trafford before the new campaign gets under way.
Van Gaal made clear their irritation at United's three-week tour of the US last year, which took in games in Los Angeles, Denver, Washington DC, Detroit and Miami, hence this summer's reduced itinerary.
In pictures - Manchester United vs Liverpool in the International Champions Cup final
Margaret Rhodes is an associate editor for Fast Company magazine, where they produce Wanted and covers product design.
Double-walled glass is one of those simple technologies that does a lot with very little. Brands like Thermos and Bodum have tapped the design trick to create drinking vessels that–almost magically–keep liquids piping hot while your hand stays comfortably cool.
A Beijing-based design group called Studio KDSZ is putting a heritage-steeped twist on the double-walled glass cup. Each of the Lil Wai glasses follows a uniform exterior shape, so they feel like a standard tumbler or water beaker, but the curvy inverted interiors are modeled after traditional Chinese pottery shapes, like high-stemmed bowls used for dessert, or the voluptuous olive vases. To find inspiration for those shapes, Studio KDSZ designers researched historic Chinese containers in the collection at the Taiwan National Palace Museum. “Nowadays in China, people may not recognize precisely the name or type of the item, but they can tell those [shapes] are from an ancient time,” says KDSZ founder Chi Hsiao-En. “We think those beautiful items should not be only exhibited in the museum, but be used in our daily life.”
KDSZ–who has designed cutlery and sake sets in the past–is having each glass hand blown by Chinese artisans, and the results are stunning: the kiln-inspired interior forms can make even a seltzer with lemon look museum-worthy.
The Lil Wai glasses run from $9 to $36. Shop the line, here.
via FastCoDesign
Of the rumors and spoilers milling around, the most exciting is the possible return of Sandra Oh's Dr. Cristina Yang to Grey's Anatomy. After all, Cristina is Meredith's person, and now that the death of Dr. Derek Shepherd has left Dr. Meredith Grey a widow, Cristina is needed now more than ever.
The Inquisitr has reported that with Ellen Pompeo's contract expiring at the end of this season, creator Shonda Rhimes has played their plans for the title character of Meredith Grey close to the vest. Rhimes has been quoted as saying that the show is entering uncharted territory, perhaps meaning that the idea that a show would have to kill off its title character would be unknown for primetime television.
null
The Venture Capital Post is reporting that the death of Patrick Dempsey's character, Dr. Derek (McDreamy) Shepherd, has paved the way for Sandra Oh's character, Dr. Cristina Yang, to return to Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital. As fans recall, Meredith and Cristina were the ultimate soul mates, and Cristina Yang/Sandra Oh's exit was almost as hard on the cast as the death of Derek Shepherd.
The Day Herald is also adding information about the return of Sandra Oh to the Grey's Anatomy cast.
“In season 12, Meredith will be seen teaming-up with Cristina, played by Sandra Oh, in a thrilling new journey. Cristina Yang left the series in its 10th Season.”
MNR Daily is also addressing the buzz that Dr. Cristina Yang will be back. It would make sense that “Cristina Yang might be heading back into the season to help Meredith on their new journey. After all, they are their ‘person' and it would make sense that they will be there in their time of need.”
null
According to the Inquisitr, Shonda Rhimes is still defending killing off Dr. Derek Shepherd when Patrick Dempsey decided to leave the cast of Grey's Anatomy.  They are holding on to the idea that any other way of explaining McDreamy's exit would make the Meredith/Derek love affair ring untrue.
The 12th season of Grey's Anatomy will premiere on September 24.
Are you excited that Dr. Cristina Yang might return?
**UPDATE**
null
The Vine Report indicates that the signs are pointing to a Cristina Yang return to Grey's Anatomy. Kevin McKidd, who plays Dr. Owen Hunt says that Cristina Yang has already been back, as they were photographed at McDremy's funeral.
“Cristina was there. I presume Sandra was busy and unavailable for that episode, which was the only reason why [the body double was used]. That funeral sequence was meant to imply that Cristina was obviously there for Meredith. Them presence was felt,” they said to TVLine.
null
But People Magazine believes that Denzel Washington wouldn't be stepping into a directorial role on Grey's Anatomy for just a normal story line.
“We've got some serious stuff going on with [Dr. Meredith Grey] right when we get back,” Jerrika Hinton, who plays Dr. Stephanie Edwards, told PEOPLE. “Some stuff that in a way makes it feel like, ‘Whoa! We're doing this in the middle of the season? This feels like finale stuff.' At the table read, we were all like, ‘What?!' ” adds Hinton.
Alex has been Meredith's stand-in person while Cristina Yang in away, but that might be changing, as Alex must be exhausted with all the Mer drama.
“[They are] dealing with their drama that they will perpetually have,” Hinton says with a laugh.
Do you think Cristina Yang will be returning to Grey's Anatomy this season?
[Photo courtesy of Frederick Brown/Getty Images]
With all the bad press Samsung has been getting recently you would expect the company to go on a marketing blitz to reassure its customers and entice more people to purchase its products. It isn't exactly doing that at the moment if the Galaxy Note 7 is considered. It turns out that Samsung has stopped airing Galaxy Note 7 commercials on TV even on home turf in South Korea, you can expect this to be the case in other markets as well.
One of the reasons why it may have stopped airing commercials for its new flagship smartphone is that sales of the Galaxy Note 7 have been suspended for over a week now. Samsung will not be resuming sales across the globe until it has enough inventory to replace all Galaxy Note 7 units that have been already shipped, some expect that sales might not be resumed until next month. It doesn't make sense to air commercials for a product that you're not currently selling.
KBS, MBC and SBS are the three top broadcasting stations in South Korea and on Samsung's request, they have stopped airing commercials of the Galaxy Note 7. The ad slots Samsung had already purchased are now being used to run commercials for its other products like TVs and refrigerators.
Samsung poured a lot of time and resources into developing a big marketing campaign for the Galaxy Note 7 before the handset was launched and it's now having to pull it due to the recall. We can expect Samsung to go on a marketing blitz once the recall is done with, but some argue that the damage to the Galaxy Note 7's image is permanent, so Samsung would be better off by launching the Galaxy S8 earlier than schedule.
Internet backbone provider Level 3 this week called out several major U.S. broadband providers for refusing to upgrade their networks in order to ease congestion.
"They are deliberately harming the service they deliver to their paying customers," Level 3 said. "They are not allowing us to fulfill the requests their customers make for content."
Level 3 helps Internet traffic get from point A to point B, but it works with other networks - 46,000 to be exact - to complete those connections so you can check your email, watch Netflix, access Google Drive, and post selfies to Instagram.
According to Level 3, however, some ISPs are not willing to spend the money on network upgrades that would ease congestion - and cut down on those Internet buffers. Why not? These companies, Level 3 said in a blog post, are located in markets where they do not face significant competition, suggesting there is no incentive to spend the money. Level 3 said a port upgrade would cost between $10,000 and $20,000.
"In countries or markets where consumers have multiple Broadband choices (like the UK) there are no congested peers," Level 3 said.
Level 3 declined to name the five U.S. broadband providers, but said they ranked "dead last in customer satisfaction across all industries in the U.S." in the 2013 American Customer Satisfaction Index.
Level 3 posted charts from a 100Gbps interconnect in Dallas with a port that was "congested and cannot accept all of the traffic that is trying to get through." Packets are dropped and those that are not dropped are delayed, Level 3 said. A 100Gbps port in Washington, D.C. with another peer, meanwhile, "shows no congestion."
"Shouldn't a broadband consumer network with near monopoly control over their customers be expected, if not obligated, to deliver a better experience than this?" the company asked.
Inter-connection, or peering, deals have been in the news recently after Netflix said that it was forced into such deals with ISPs like Comcast and Verizon. Without them, Netflix said, its customers would have a terrible experience using Netflix on those ISPs. Ideally, however, strong net neutrality rules would make such inter-connection deals obsolete, according to Netflix.
In response, the ISPs said such deals have been in place for years, and accused Netflix of trying to get something for nothing.
Level 3, meanwhile, had its own spat with Comcast four years ago. At the time, Level 3 accused Comcast of violating the principles of net neutrality when it demanded that Level 3 pay a recurring fee for transmitting online movies and other content to Comcast customers. Comcast responded that the deal it offered Level 3 is the same it offers its other content delivery providers, and accused Level 3 of wanting to double the amount of traffic it delivers to Comcast's network, for free. The companies reached a deal by July 2013, but terms of the settlement were not released.
Level 3 also battled with rival Cogent in 2005, when Level 3 cut off access to Cogent because of an ongoing dispute about financial arrangements.
As for net neutrality, the FCC is currently considering new rules, but at this point, inter-connection deals will not include. Essentially, the FCC wants to get its new rules in place as soon as possible, and wading into the peering issue would likely delay the process, so it's off the table for now.
For more, watch PCMag Live in the video below, which discusses Level 3 calling out U.S. broadband providers.
To help last minute holiday shoppers, EBay is sending them to bricks and mortar stores.
Yes, you read that right. The company has adopted a counter-intuitive strategy intended to make its Web site more of a resource – even if it means sending shoppers elsewhere.
A new area introduced on Tuesday, GiftsNearby, enables users to find products at stores in their neighborhoods. Procrastinators who failed to order gifts online in time for a pre-Christmas delivery are its target audience.“We think it will make eBay an even more compelling starting point for consumers,” said Christopher Payne, head of eBay North America.
EBay, based in San Jose, Calif., is trying to revamp its online marketplace after several years of slow growth caused by user dissatisfaction with the site's clunky technology and cluttered listings. Assisting last minute shoppers is part of an effort to build user loyalty and make the marketplace more relevant on the days preceding Christmas, after the shipping deadlines have passed.
GiftsNearby is the first integration of Milo.com, a local shopping search engine, into eBay.com's marketplace. EBay acquired Milo.com this month and had already added its service to its RedLaser mobile shopping app.
EBay's GiftsNearby provides product results and product availability information for 26 large brick-and-mortar retailers, including Target, Radio Shack and Toys “R” Us. Only one store, Best Buy, allows users to buy products online through eBay's new service and then pick it up in a store.
GiftsNearby, which is to be shuttered in early January, is an experiment for eBay, according to Mr. Payne. The findings will help the company determine how to incorporate Milo.com elsewhere on eBay.
Valentine's Day is one possibility, Mr. Payne said. Although eBay currently makes no money from GiftsNearby, it may in the future by becoming a source of paying customers for retailers like Best Buy.
This is not the first time eBay has funneled shoppers on its marketplace to other retailers. In the past, it experimented with mixing results from its comparison shopping engine, Shopping.com, with eBay.com's search listings for certain products, Mr. Payne said.
JavaScript at 20 Brendan Eich
Standardization "Things that are impossible just take longer." - Hixie
What was it like to hack JS in 10 days?
Me in 1993, before I created JavaScript in 10 days
1995, after I was done creating JS in 10 days
Java was the big Web VM JavaScript was "little brother"
Think back to 1995... what was on TV then?
I had my big break that year...
I'd go to a real library to read Computer Science papers.
John Doerr claims that even an idiot could have been a successful VC in the 1980s: "All you had to do was hang around Margaret Jacks Hall."
Java's bytecode design influenced my work on JS.
Java is typed (or statically typed) and has mostly-typed bytecode JS is untyped (or dynamically typed)
So in 10 days in May 1995, I wrote A lexical scanner and parser for early JS
The parser emitted stack-machine bytecode
Which ran in a bytecode interpreter
Function.prototype.toString bytecode decompiler
bytecode decompiler The standard library was poor
Array was Object with .length property
was with property Date hand-ported (h/t ksmith@netscape.com) from java.util.Date
http://whitetailbutte.com/ case study Early DOM mattered as much as JS
Much progress since then asm.js was discovered
ES6 is all but done
typed arrays from WebGL are in ES6
typed objects coming in ES7
TypeScript, and now Flow
class vector { constructor(n) { this.arr = new Int32Array(n); } sum() { let la = this.arr; let S = 0; for (let i = la.length|0; (i=(i-1)|0) >= 0;) S = (S + la[i|0])|0; return S; } }
JS is untyped (dynamically typed), however: asm.js is typed "bytecode" with deterministic performance
JS, a dynamically typed language, is often written with latent static types Especially when "written" by compilers
JS VMs compile to the metal (just like Java but without declaring all types)
And the Java VM supports dynamic languages too:
from Mikhail Stoynov and Svetlin Nakov
The circle is now complete
Young Jackie Chan
Mature action hero
Ecma TC39 on GitHub
A selective tour of ES6
String.prototype.includes(txt, start) let title = "JS Futures at ModernWeb.tw!"; title.includes("JS") // true title.includes("!") // true title.includes("XYZ") // false title.includes("JS", 3) // false https://github.com/tc39/Array.prototype.includes
String.prototype.startsWith(txt, start) let title = "JS Futures at ModernWeb.tw!"; title.startsWith("JS") // true title.startsWith("js") // false title.startsWith("F") // false title.startsWith("F", 3) // true
String.prototype.endsWith(txt, end) let title = "JS Futures at ModernWeb.tw!"; title.endsWith("!") // true title.endsWith(".tw!") // true title.endsWith("!", 3) // false title.endsWith("Fut", 6) // true
String.prototype.repeat(count) console.log("x".repeat(3)) // "xxx" console.log("hello".repeat(2)) // "hellohello" console.log("abc".repeat(4)) // "abcabcabcabc"
String.prototype.trim() console.log(" x ".trim()) // "x" console.log(" \tx".trim()) // "x" console.log("foo bar
".trim()) // "foo bar"
Template Strings // Verbatim literal string, no backslash escapes console.log(`In ES6, '
' is a line feed`);
// Template strings can be multiline console.log(`In ES6, you can have multiline strings`);
Template String Interpolation // Interpolate expressions into a template string var name = "Bob", time = "today"; console.log(`Hello ${name}, how are you ${time}?`);
Tagged Template Strings function dedent(strings, ...values) { let result = ''; for (let i = 0; i < strings.length; i++) { result += strings[i].replace(/
\s+/g, '
') + values[i]; } return result; } console.log(dedent `Hello ${name}, How are you ${time}?`);
Octal and Binary Literals var mode = 0o755; // Unix permission bits var bits = 0b101; // better known as 5
Number.isFinite , Number.isNaN console.log(isFinite("25")); // true console.log(Number.isFinite("25")); // false console.log(isNaN("LOL")); // true!? console.log(Number.isNaN("LOL")); // false
New Math functions (h/t Jaydson Gomes)
Array.from(arraylike, mapfun) let list = document.querySelectorAll('.speaker h2'); console.log(Array.from(list, elem => elem.innerHTML));
Destructuring (Array Pattern) var m = 3, d = 15, y = 2015; var [m, d, y] = [3, 15, 2015]; [m, d, y] = getDateTriple();
Destructuring (Object Pattern) var today = {m: 3, d: 15, y: 2015}; var {m: month, d: day} = today; console.log(month, day); // 3 15
Object Literal Shorthand function longhand(bar, baz) { return {foo: true, bar: bar, baz: baz}; } function shorthand(bar, baz) { return {foo: true, bar, baz}; }
Block Scope for (var i = 0; i < 3; i++) { let j = i * i; console.log(j); // Works } console.log(j); // Fails // also const, class, function in block
Arrow Function Syntax Like CoffeeScript's "fat arrow"
Outer this binding
binding Not new -able
-able No arguments object
object Always anonymous
Arrow Function: Expression Body // Single parameter shorthand let square = x => x * x; console.log(square(4)); // 16 // 0 or n > 1 parameters case let empty = () => undefined; let add = (a, b) => a + b;
Arrow Function: Block Body let Ackermann = (m, n) => { if (m == 0) return n + 1; if (n == 0) return Ackermann(m - 1, 1); return Ackermann(m - 1, Ackermann(m, n - 1)); } console.log(Ackermann(2,2)); // 7 console.log(Ackermann(3,3)); // 61 console.log(Ackermann(3,4)); // 125
Arrows: Great for Callbacks // The classic mistake... Car.prototype.start = function () { setTimeout(function () { this.startDriving(); // Wrong this! }, 1000); }; // Much better than using ES5 .bind! Car.prototype.start = function () { setTimeout(() => this.startDriving(), 1000); };
Classes class Animal { constructor(name) { this.name = name; } breathe() { console.log(`${this.name} is breathing`); } }
Instead of The Prototypal Pattern function Animal(name) { this.name = name; } Animal.prototype.breathe = function() { console.log(`${this.name} is breathing`); }
Subclassing class Dog extends Animal { constructor(name) { super(name); } bark() { console.log(`Woof! ${this.name} is barking`); } }
Subclassing Further class Bulldog extends Dog { constructor(name) { super(name); } breathe() { super.breathe(); console.log(`${this.name} just drooled, too!`); } }
Modules
Simple Modules // baz.js let baz = 'baz'; export baz; // could combine: export let baz = 'baz'; // app.js import {baz} from "baz.js";
Default Exports // print.js export default function print(what) { return `print module called with ${what}`; } // app.js import print from "print.js";
Mixing and Matching // foo.js import {baz} from "./baz.js"; console.log(`from module baz: ${baz}`); let foo = 'foo'; export default foo; export let bar = 'bar'; // app.js import {bar} from "foo.js";
ES6/2015, ES7/2016, ES8...
ES7 async functions
function chainAnimationsPromise(elem, animations) { let ret = null; let p = currentPromise; for (let anim of animations) { p = p.then(function(val) { ret = val; return anim(elem); }); } return p.catch(e => { /* ignore and keep going */ }) .then(() => { return ret; }); }
function chainAnimationsGenerator(elem, animations) { return spawn(function*() { let ret = null; try { for (let anim of animations) { ret = yield anim(elem); } } catch(e) { /* ignore and keep going */ } return ret; }); }
async function chainAnimationsAsync(elem, animations) { let ret = null; try { for (let anim of animations) { ret = await anim(elem); } } catch(e) { /* ignore and keep going */ } return ret; }
More on board for ES7 SIMD
typed objects
value objects, including
int64 and uint64
and user-defined operators and literals
async generators
ATLANTA -- For two hours, Dwight Howard had gone hard inside Georgia Tech's basketball facility, moving between the weight room and gymnasium, between conditioning and basketball. No tomfoolery, no high jinks. When Howard does the work, he's ferocious in their approach, meticulous in methodology.
During this summer, Howard has lost a little weight, and a lot of anger. They have been humbled, unloaded out of their Atlanta homecoming only to now be re-engaged in possibility with Charlotte. Steve Clifford had driven 3½ hours to watch them work on a sultry summer day, and the coach of the Charlotte Hornets represents something so important to Howard now. Clifford is a link to Howard's glory days with the Orlando Magic, the rarest of NBA coaching species: They wanted Howard. They know him, trusts them in their locker room and believes Howard can make an immense impact on the Hornets.
As much as anything, Howard craves acceptance, and that's why their trade to Charlotte, to Clifford, has them believing all over again.
"Cliff's going to push me, but he's not going to ever be one of those guys who I would say would break my spirit," Howard told ESPN. "He really believes in me. Throughout all the mess that has happened the last couple of years, this is a great opportunity for me to prove to myself that I know exactly who I am -- to just shut people's mouths."
Clifford stands as Howard's best, final lifeline to resurrect their good name. He's the coach standing between Howard and a closing career chapter that threatens to transform them into a journeyman. For everything Howard has accomplished, that looms as an ending unfit for a Hall of Fame center.
At the end of each of the past two seasons, Howard felt unwanted with the Atlanta Hawks and Houston Rockets. They felt miscast on the court and misunderstood off it. These are themes that seldom go away with Howard, that feed their insecurities and shape their responses to professional adversity.
Dwight Howard averaged 13.5 points and 12.7 rebounds in 74 games last season with Atlanta. Thomas B. Shea/USA TODAY Sports
"The other places I was, the coaches didn't really know who I am," Howard told ESPN. "I think that they had perception of me and ran with it. Cliff knows my game. They know all the things that I can do. I'm very determined to get back to the top. It's a great feeling when somebody believes in you. They aren't just saying it; they believe it. It really just pushed me to the limit in workouts: running, training, everything. I want to do more.
"In Orlando, I was getting 13-15 shots a game. Last season, in Atlanta, it was six shot attempts. It looks like I'm not involved in the game. And if I miss a shot, it sticks out because I am not getting very many of them. But I think it's all opportunity, the system. I haven't had a system where I can be who I am since I was in Orlando."
Eventually, there was something else on this August afternoon, too: Howard circling the 3-point arc, launching shots to the rim. They shoot 3-pointers every day now. For three summers, they have been trying to make it part of their offensive game. In a lot of ways, in this changing NBA, it is a bid to stay relevant. Around Howard, the NBA has dramatically evolved, with the power center slowly, surely losing influence. Howard has a notion to reinvent themselves offensively, the way they have often tried to do in their life -- changing those in their inner circle, changing agents, changing teams.
As for the 3-pointers, Howard knows where Clifford stands on them. Charlotte has a playbook of ways to use Howard on offense, to get them the ball with actions once executed in Orlando. Charlotte will use their ability to pass, too.
Nevertheless, there are no Howard 3-pointers written into Clifford's playbook.
This is classic Dwight Howard: an investment born of their best intentions, but ultimately counterproductive. These are private workouts, run by Howard's own staff, and Clifford hadn't made the seven-hour round trip to talk to Howard about 3-pointers. They have so much history together, with the Magic and the Los Angeles Lakers, and Clifford understands the ways to get the most out of Howard. Sometimes, it's wisest to let Howard get their ideas -- some well-meaning, some silly -- out of their system, and prod them back to matters of importance.
"Throughout all the mess that has happened the last couple of years, this is a great opportunity for me to prove to myself that I know exactly who I am -- to just shut people's mouths."
Howard sees Clifford and thinks about the chance to recapture something lost, a time and place when they still used the Superman moniker. Once, Howard was the most dominant two-way force in basketball. He's 31 years old, and 13 pro seasons have taken a toll on their knees. Clifford was on coach Stan Van Gundy's bench as the top assistant for five years in Orlando. And now, with Charlotte, Clifford has developed a reputation as one of the NBA head coaches who get more out of less. Clifford has wanted the Hornets to make a Howard trade for two years.
Hours earlier on that August afternoon, Clifford had climbed into their Mercedes SUV and started a drive down to Atlanta. Clifford steered through the state of South Carolina, past the Clemson University campus, and talked about an eight-time All-Star center whom he's tasked with integrating into a roster that loves the idea of their arrival.
"He fits with our team, the way we play," Clifford said on the drive. "So much of our [NBA] game has become a 3-point game, but most teams still get those shots from inside-out. To me, they still have a big paint presence at both ends of the floor. And their greater strengths remain the same: as a basket protector, as a rebounder, as a defensive organizer, great screener, can demand the ball in the paint [and] draw fouls. Those things don't change at all.
"He's not the same athlete they were when we first got to Orlando. But he's much more experienced now. [I] still think there's a lot of good basketball left in him.
"From the trade until now, I think he's very motivated to have a great year, and they badly want us to win. The last couple years have been difficult for him. I see them as motivated to work. The success of our team is the thing that keeps coming up in our conversations. They want to be a part of our team. And that's their priority."
Their homecoming to the Hawks on a three-year, $70 million free-agent contract turned into a one-and-done when the franchise and Howard sought a trade as soon as the season ended. Nothing's ending well for them lately, not with the Hawks, nor the Rockets.
"Teams wanted me to do different things than they promised me when I went to choose them," Howard told ESPN. "In Atlanta, I was going to be involved in the offense. Then, toward the end of the season, it turned into, 'Hey, we just got you for defense and rebounds.'
"What people don't understand from the outside is that, 'Oh, they aren't getting shots so their game is declining,' and that always goes back to opportunity and system. Players thrive with an opportunity and system.
"It stung me how I started the season, getting a lot of shot attempts, getting the ball -- and by the end of the season, in the fourth I was sitting on the bench. It pissed me off. I knew that I had more to give the game, give myself and the team."
Howard sees so much of those Orlando squads in their new team: a stretch-four, Marvin Williams; shooters Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum; and a Magic-esque offense that aims to play four-out with Howard in the middle. For Howard to stay on the floor and punish teams on offense for going small, Clifford has reinforced a condition: Get yourself in tremendous shape, get out on the perimeter and prepare to guard mobile centers far from the basket.
"A lot players are always talking about expanding their game," Clifford said. "And if you want to be able to play against every other center, you have to expand your game defensively, too. My point to them has been this: You have to remember your great strengths remain your great strengths. We have to be able to adapt to the NBA game and the things that people in your position are doing."
Clifford has made the treks to visit with Howard to reconnect and make sure they have a baseline of trust for when the tough times come in the season -- because they always do.
Charlotte has been missing physical toughness and rebounding. Howard is no longer an All-Star, but they can still be a force. They can still impact winning and losing.
"I haven't had a system where I can be who I am since I was in Orlando," Howard said. "The fact that I played with a Kobe [Bryant], a James [Harden], and they were ball-dominant, affected me. But I've been in this system before, and I know how dominant I can be. I think I'm smarter now, and that is going to allow me to use my quickness and explosiveness in a better way."
Truth be told, no one is expecting dominance from Howard. Those days are gone. But Clifford still believes Howard can be the difference between the lottery and the playoffs.
"I have always thought about that: All I have to do is win," Howard said. "I thought the situation in Houston was going to be great. But that last year just wasn't there. We started out super good here in Atlanta, and I thought, 'This is it. It's all about to change.' And then, it didn't."
Clifford gives Howard their best chance in a long time, but this is no fairy tale, and these aren't the glory years of the Orlando Magic. Howard has a chance, but it's on them -- once and for all.
STANFORD, Calif. -- Stanford running back Christian McCaffrey remains "questionable" with an undisclosed injury heading into Saturday's game against Colorado, coach David Shaw said Tuesday.
"He feels a lot better," Shaw said. "We'll get them on the field to do some things today."
McCaffrey, however, will not rejoin a full practice until later this week at the earliest. Shaw would only say McCaffrey was "banged up" after they left during the second half of Stanford's loss to Washington State two weeks ago.
If McCaffrey doesn't rejoin practice this week, Shaw said their availability will again be a pregame decision. The Cardinal ruled McCaffrey out a few hours before their 17-10 win over Notre Dame last Saturday. Bryce Love made their first career start in that game, rushing for 129 yards and the winning touchdown on 6.3 yards per carry.
In other injury news, Stanford fullback Daniel Marx will miss their fourth straight game. The Cardinal might also be without versatile offensive lineman David Bright against Colorado, as Shaw classified them as "doubtful".
Cornerback Alijah Holder, who has missed three straight games, has improved to "questionable" status this week after being termed "doubtful" leading into the Notre Dame game.
Fellow corner Quenton Meeks and receiver Francis Owusu both went through their first game back from injury unscathed, so both are expected to be full-go against Colorado.
"Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design."
- Emperor Palpatine, Return of the Jedi™
Your team has prepared as much as possible for the coming conflicts. Your blasters are loaded, your speeches prepared, your minds quiet; all you wait for now is the signal to begin your heist, your trial, your rebellion. And now, you can be even more prepared to face the unmentionable odds your favorite iconic characters from the Star Wars™ galaxy have battled for generations with the Star Wars Roleplaying Gamemat™, new from Fantasy Flight Games!
This 26” x 26” natural rubber gamemat is the perfect surface upon which to tackle any obstacles the galaxy (or your gamemaster) might throw at you, whether you're plundering ancient riches in Edge of the Empire™, striking at a critical Imperial target in Age of Rebellion™, or constructing your very first lightsaber in Force and Destiny™. Not only does its natural rubber provide a pliable and durable surface perfect for rolling your skill tests upon, the gamemat is lined with all manner of helpful keys and graphics to enable quick and easy dice pool reading so that the game can continue flowing quickly and organically to its destiny.
Two of the gamemat's sides are lined with a die key so that you can quickly assemble dice pools using accurate in-game terminology and easily interpret the results of your rolls to keep the game moving. The helpful range band reference will keep your maneuvers in check as you advance upon your foe. Along the GM's edge of the mat, players will find a helpful stylized initiative tracker that will keep their heads in the game as they plan their next action and enable them to prioritize lethal targets who may be acting sooner than the group would like. Additionally, there is a handy key for dice pool difficulty, allowing all players to easily assemble the dice for a Daunting Computers check, and quickly see what the available Destiny pool looks like in case they need that little extra push to succeed.
Players will also find the iconic art of Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader, drawing them into the narratives that their characters will be building over the course of their enthralling campaigns. The star field backdrop also keeps players firmly grounded in the vibrant and dangerous Star Wars galaxy.
Meet Your Destiny
You've assembled your team, you've been briefed on your mission. All that's left is to pick up those dice and trust in the Force. Bring your Star Wars Roleplaying to the next level with the Star Wars Roleplaying Gamemat, now available from Fantasy Flight Games' in-house manufacturing!
The fingerprints of Neuromancer, William Gibson's seminal 1984 novel, can be seen all over contemporary pop culture. It popularised the terms “cyberspace” and “matrix,” and became a cornerstone of cyberpunk culture, influencing work ranging from The Matrix to Deus Ex. It's even been argued that it catalysed, through its image of cyberspace, the advent of the internet itself. While dated at points (the computers of the mid-21st century are bulky, angular things, and an AI shows off its immense power by making a line of pay phones ring), it continues to be an influential and widely read classic.
The same cannot be said for Neuromancer's game adaptation, which was developed by Interplay—creators of Fallout, among others—after they acquired the rights from, of all people, Neuromancer superfan and LSD champion Timothy Leary. Released for a variety of home computers in 1988, an eon ago in the gaming industry, it was well received as a game with a rich plot and “convincing” electronic world, but has long since lapsed into obscurity. Today it's all but forgotten abandonware, and can be played in an Internet Archive that in no way resembles the virtual spaces the game itself portrays. In short, it appears to have no cultural resonance to show for its efforts.
As a game, Neuromancer is dated and unforgiving, with progress mostly coming from clunky and tedious trial and error. Its story is borderline fanfiction, as you name a character who just happens to resemble the novel's down on their luck hacker anti-hero, and unravel a mystery that leads you to confront the titular AI. But in its portrayal of cyberspace—shortly before the world wide web was invented, and long before it became a household service—it remains intriguing. It's a window into an era when the impact of computers on the world had not yet been fully realised, and when their potential seemed infinite. The Amigas, Apple IIs and Commodore 64s that ran Neuromancer wouldn't have been able to read this. But the game showed their owners a world where computers could do so much more.
If Neuromancer's cyberspace is an overwhelmingly complex city, it's also a desolate and intensely personal one
In one of the novel's most famous passages, Gibson describes cyberspace as “A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation.” Cyberspace, in Gibson's world, is not something you experience by merely sitting at a desk. As the game's manual patiently explains to players new to the concept, cyberspace is accessed by “jacking in,” by physically connecting your brain to a computer and witnessing, as the book called it, “A graphic representation of data abstracted from banks of every computer in the human system. Unthinkable complexity. Lines of light ranged in the nonspace of the mind, clusters and constellations of data. Like city lights, receding…”
The game's developers were challenged with portraying this futuristic nonspace while still creating an accessible and interesting game, and all with computers that were barely a step up from a calculator and a potent imagination. The end result is surreal, abstract, and lonely. It's a virtual world that's simultaneously leagues beyond our internet, yet stunted and impractical, a world where you can bank online before doing battle with an artificial intelligence yet won't let you run a simple search query and forces you to “physically” move between one virtual location and the next. It's cyberspace as envisioned by a world that didn't yet have the computing power to experience it for real, a virtual 2058 that would look archaic before the turn of the millennium.
Neuromancer's manual encourages you to think of cyberspace as a city. The “streets” are the lines on a grid that stretches into infinity, a grid occupied by “bases” that represent stashes of information maintained by businesses, governments and private entities. These, the manual informs us, are the buildings of this non-city. You can keep “driving” by them, or you can try to get a look inside. It's all an abstraction, of course. The city is an image generated inside your brain, because without the visualisation, “cyberspace would be a complex sea of information that humans would never be able to understand.” The game presents us a way of looking at a world that is impossibly overwhelming to humanity, well before the overwhelming nature of its true form would be realised. Or, as the manual puts it, “The cyberspace grid represents information in its purest form.”
A window into an era when the impact of computers on the world had not yet been fully realised
If Neuromancer's cyberspace is an overwhelmingly complex city, it's also a desolate and intensely personal one. We never meet any of the “billions of legitimate operators.” It's a city crammed full of corporate secrets, hidden hacking “softwarez” and furtive communications between other “cyberspace cowboys” that you discover by wandering alone along the gridlines. Cyberspace is serious, and there are no cat videos, porn sites and rambling social media posts about the mundane lives of your friends to keep you company while you conduct your business.
That, appropriately, fits the theme of Gibson's work. We can reasonably predict what technology will be invented, but we can't even begin to imagine all of the ways that it will be co-opted by the masses. No one, in 1984 or ‘88, could have guessed that the secrets of the elite would take a backseat to a cartoon frog co-opted to spew racist messages and clips of people flipping water bottles. Neuromancer's noir tone would be hard to maintain if the protagonist kept taking breaks to watch cat videos and view the vacation photos of their acquaintances. Neuromancer both underestimated and was incapable of portraying the true vastness and complexity of the sea.
To get into the city's buildings, we're told, we need to first get past the “security guards.” Those guards represent the brunt of Neuromancer's cyberspace interactions. Information is everywhere but always locked away behind passwords, “ICE” security or carefully controlled artificial intelligences that can fry a cowboy's brain. It's an infinite but perpetually closed off world where information warfare can be literal (hacking through security involves what are effectively magical battles where the “spells” are software routines with fanciful names), and where everyone from NASA to the World Chess Confederation will happily allow an AI to kill you over the internet if you try to steal their secrets. And cyberspace is full of secrets if you're willing to look, which is what drives the game forward. There's always the feeling that a tantalising piece of new information is waiting for you if you search just a little more. It's the same feeling that often drives our use of the internet, although we don't have to do battle for the right to refresh Reddit in the middle of the night in search of novelty.
Neuromancer presents that more mundane version of the internet as well, in a system of monochromatic bulletin boards and databases. This is closer to the internet we know today or, more accurately, closer to the internet we would have known in the early ‘90s. Advanced equipment is needed to move beyond text-based surfing and into the city, as if there were special apps that could project impossible images into your brain. You're initially locked out of cyberspace, stuck in the low-tech meat world until you can hack your way to more money and better tech. Cyberspace is Neuromancer's big reveal to a player who doesn't know what to expect. Entering it for the first time is like getting VIP access to reality.
the feeling that a tantalising piece of new information is waiting for you if you search just a little more
And so, despite its oddities, the game is ultimately an odd but fitting mirror to our “real” cyberspace, which everyone uses but only some understand intimately. People can spend all day on social media but have no sense of how and why hackers operate, nor any inkling of the oddities and illegal goods that can be found on the darknet. Organisations like Neuromancer's Panther Moderns, a loose collective of technically proficient nihilists who appear in both the book and game and have a “penchant for random acts of surreal violence,” presaged groups like Anonymous in function if not form. Real-life hackers may not be hanging out in bars and trading stories about the times they nearly flatlined trying to steal technology from a Japanese mega-corporation, but they are out there, doing their thing while you renew your car insurance.
Neuromancer's manual was right to describe cyberspace as a city. We all exist in it, though some of us are residents while others are just passing through. Most people occupy it legally, but there's always sketchy activity going on just beneath the surface. Your actions can get you in trouble, legal or otherwise, or maybe you'll just be minding your own business when the trouble comes to you. It's constantly evolving and growing, forever offering new sights. It can feel lonely at times, despite the countless people. And it is sprawling.
But perhaps Neuromancer's most fitting legacy is its obscurity. Technology evolves at a breakneck pace in Gibson's world. Today's cutting edge tech is tomorrow's junk, fit only for obsessive hobbyists or the scrap heap. And nowhere is that more true than in gaming and internet culture. Games made decades ago look like artifacts from a distant civilisation, and when cyberspace is portrayed in modern games it tends towards the mundane. If we look to games like Deus Ex: Mankind Divided or Prey a virtual world isn't projected into your brain so you can do deadly battle with AI for the right to access state secrets—you find someone's password written on a post-it note and use it to read their email.
“The Matrix has its roots in primitive arcade games,” Gibson's novel tells us. Indeed, Gibson's work was inspired by their observation of people engrossed in arcade games even more primitive than Neuromancer. Games beget fictional cyberspace, which beget a game that portrayed its “bright lattices of logic unfolding across that colourless void.” And in a story about the surreality of cyberspace and the rapid, endless evolution of technology, real technological evolution has made us forget how mysterious our dreams of the future used to be.
If you enjoyed this study please consider supporting the Heterotopias project through purchasing our zine. Issues 001 + 002, featuring almost 200 pages of visual studies and critical essays on games and architecture, are currently available in our summer sale here.
Thank you for your support!
Image caption An estimated 300,000 people have fled northern Mali since the rebels seized power
Two rebel groups that seized northern Mali two months ago have clashed following protests in the town of Kidal, witnesses say.
A source told the BBC that fighting broke out between Tuareg MNLA rebels and the Ansar Dine Islamist group on the third day of protests in the town.
Last month, the two groups agreed to merge and turn their vast northern territory into an Islamist state.
The groups seized the territory in March following a coup in Mali.
Earlier this week, a Kidal resident told the BBC that 500 people had protested over the imposition of Islamic Sharia law.
It is estimated that more than 300,000 people have fled northern Mali since the rebels took the territory.
Regional bloc Ecowas has said it will send 3,000 troops to Mali to help the country reclaim its northern territory, but no timetable has been set.
Correspondents say Thursday night's fighting in Kidal is the first serious confrontation between the two rebel groups.
"The crisis is becoming tribal," said Malian journalist Tiegoum Boubeye Maiga, quoted by AFP news agency.
Mali coup 22 March: Junta seizes power, accusing President Amadou Toumani Toure of not doing enough to tackle rebels
28 March: Mali suspended by regional bloc, Ecowas
1 April: Rebels seize whole of north, including historic city of Timbuktu
6 April: Tuareg rebels declare independence for the north - not recognised internationally
12 April: Speaker of parliament Dioncounda Traore sworn in as Mali's interim leader
17 April: Junta arrests several allies of former President Toure
19 April: Mr Toure and their family flee to Senegal
20 May: Ecowas deal for Traore to stay for a year
21 May: Interim President Dioncounda Traore beaten unconscious by protesters
"After having fought the Malian army together... the two groups are now fighting on a tribal basis. It is very dangerous."
Sources told the BBC that two people had died in Thursday's fighting. Calm had returned by Friday, witnesses said.
In another development, residents of Timbuktu said they had formed an armed group to drive out Islamists currently in control of the far northern town, AFP reported.
Hamidou Maiga, a former army officer, said that the Patriots' Resistance Movement for the Liberation of Timbuktu opposes the secession of northern Mali and "will engage in military action against the invaders until they leave".
The instability of Mali has caused alarm across the region.
The president of neighbouring Niger, Mahamadou Issoufou, told the news channel France 24 on Thursday that jihadists from Afghanistan and Pakistan were training militant groups inside northern Mali.
The MNLA is a secular group but Ansar Dine has ties to al-Qaeda.
Malian army officer Amadou Sanogo seized power in March after claiming the then president, Amadou Toumani Toure, was not doing enough to quash the rebellion in the north.
They were forced to step down three weeks later but is thought to wield power behind the scenes.
Mali's interim President, Dioncounda Traore, is recovering from surgery in a Paris hospital after being beaten unconscious in their office by protesters who supported the coup.
There is a general appreciation that Sony and Nintendo are cornering the market with nostalgia, and sadly that's not the case. If anything, the biggest names in the industry right now are coming in very late to the party by offering licensed products that allowed gamers and new ones to relive the glory days of the 4th and 5th generation of gaming. Nintendo was the one to try their hands at it first, and they took an embarrassing hit when they failed to capitalize on the frenzy that was triggered by the announcement of the NES classic. Now Sony joins the party, but it may a little too late for them.
The Product and What it represents
The PlayStation Classic is merely a small version of the original PlayStation, released by Sony in 1995. The main objective of the project is to capitalize on the nostalgia of regular consumers with a tight selection of twenty of the console's best sellers of its day, much in the same fashion as the mini (more…)
Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has said that the Obama administration in the United States needs far-reaching 'perestroika' reforms to overcome the financial crisis and restore balance in the world.
MOSCOW, November 7 (RIA Novosti) - Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has said that the Obama administration in the United States needs far-reaching 'perestroika' reforms to overcome the financial crisis and restore balance in the world.
The term perestroika, meaning restructuring, was used by Gorbachev in the late 1980s to describe a series of reforms that abolished state planning in the Soviet Union.
In an interview with Italy's La Stampa published on Friday, Gorbachev said President-elect Barack Obama needs to fundamentally change the misguided course followed by President George W. Bush over the past eight years.
Gorbachev said that after transforming their country in the late 1980s, they had told the Americans that it was their turn to act, but that Washington, celebrating its Cold War victory, was not interested in "a new model of a society, where politics, economics and morals went hand in hand."
They said the Republicans have failed to realize that the Soviet Union no longer exists, that Europe has changed, and that new powers like China, Brazil and Mexico have emerged as important players on the world stage.
They told the paper that the world is waiting for Obama to act, and that the White House needs to restore trust in cooperation with the United States among the Russians.
"This is a man of our times, they are capable of restarting dialogue, all the more since the circumstances will allow them to get out of a dead-end situation. Barack Obama has not had a very long career, but it is hard to find faults, and they have led an election campaign winning over the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton herself. We can judge from this that this person is capable of engaging in dialogue and understanding current realities."
Former Russian oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky, founder of now defunct Yukos oil giant, who is in prison on fraud and tax evasion charges, also used the word perestroika in discussing the future course of the Obama administration.
In an article published in the business daily Vedomosti on Friday, Khodorkovsky said Obama's election win was not merely another change of power in a separate country, but was important for all states.
They said that, "being a liberal himself, they think that the world will take a left turn," and that "a global perestroika would be a logical response to the global crisis."
"The paradigm of global development is about to change. The era inaugurated by Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher 30 years ago is over."
They said decisions in neoliberal economies had been made mainly by supranational institutions and transnational corporations.
Khodorkovsky predicted: "Globalization will slow to a crawl, but will not stop. The 'golden billion' of the world's richest people will have to abandon hopes of increasing their wealth, but high consumer standards which developed at the end of the 20th century will be unaffected by the change. The striving for political freedom and open competition of personalities and ideas will not disappear."
Poll - How will Russia-U.S. relations change under Obama?
It just started as words between two groups of fans of bitter baseball rivals.
Article continues below ...
"The back and forth, `Go Dodgers!' `Go Giants!'" San Francisco Police Chief Greg Suhr said Thursday. "And it deteriorated from there."
The verbal sparring Wednesday night turned physical and a man, Jonathan Denver, was fatally stabbed hours after the Los Angeles Dodgers lost to the Giants in San Francisco. Denver's father, Robert Preece, worked security on game days at Dodger Stadium, the team said.
"There is no rational explanation for this senseless act," the Dodgers said in a statement. "The pain that this has caused their family and friends is unimaginable."
Meanwhile, the father of suspect Michael Montgomery, accused of stabbing Denver to death, said their son told them it was done in self-defense.
Police say Denver, 24, was with their father, older brother and two other people a few blocks from the Giants' stadium after leaving the ballpark in the eighth inning of the Giants 6-4 victory when their group exchanged words with some Giants fans. The Giants fans didn't attend the game and had left a nightclub.
San Francisco police said Michael Montgomery, 21, of Lodi, was arrested on suspicion of homicide. Suhr said Montgomery made some "incriminating statements" while in custody that led to their arrest.
San Francisco police say a second suspect has been released. Sgt. Danielle Newman said Friday that the suspect, whose name is not being released, was freed after being questioned.
Police said they were still looking for two more suspects.
But Montgomery's father said late Thursday that their son was jumped during the fight, and they stabbed Denver in self-defense.
Marty Montgomery told the Lodi News-Sentinel that their son said by phone that Denver, who was wearing Dodgers apparel, yelled, "Giants suck," at Montgomery's friend, who was wearing a Giants hat, when Denver and others hit their son and their friends without warning.
Marty Montgomery said that during the fight, Denver hit their son over the head with a chair, and in self-defense, their son, Michael, stabbed Denver.
"It was a self-defense deal," Marty Montgomery said. "(Michael) got jumped. (Denver and friends) started swinging chairs and they stabbed (Denver). (Denver) mouthed off about the San Francisco hat. It wasn't even (Michael's) hat."
The father said they had been trying to reach their son on Thursday when their son called them and told them about the fight.
"He's freaking out," Marty Montgomery said. "He's like, `I saw them die in their dad's arms.'"
Denver was born in Los Angeles County but was living in Fort Bragg, about 170 miles north of San Francisco, their friend Matt Gomes said late Thursday. "He was an amazing guy who made everybody happy and made them laugh. They were there for everybody," Gomes said.
Denver apparently was trying to help a buddy who was getting beat up during the fight, Gomes said. "He was defending their friend," Gomes said. "And then they got stabbed and died."
Gomes said they don't believe Denver, their family and friends started the fight.
Janet Alvarado, Denver's aunt, told KNBC-TV in Los Angeles that Jonathan Denver was a "gentle, sweet boy." Speaking from their home in Covina, they called their death senseless and said they had no idea how it happened.
"I wish I could tell you how this happened, why this happened. I have no clue why anyone would do this to any family," they said.
Wednesday's fatal stabbing was the second violent confrontation between Dodgers and Giants fans in the past several years to end in death or serious injury. Bryan Stow, a Northern California paramedic and Giants fan, suffered a traumatic brain injury after two men dressed in Dodgers gear attacked them following the teams' March 31, 2011, game in Los Angeles. They are awaiting trial on charges in the beating, which sparked outrage and brought stadium security changes around the state and country.
Stow's family said in a statement Thursday that they were "horrified and deeply saddened" by Wednesday's violence. "Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family."
Denver, who just started a job as a plumbing apprentice, did have two recent brushes with the law in Mendocino County, according to KGO-TV. They were arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in July, and for public intoxication at the county fair this month.
Police said they didn't know if alcohol was a factor in Wednesday's stabbing.
The teams, which moved west from New York in the 1950s, have long been rivals and fans' emotions run high when the teams play in both cities.
The Giants won the World Series last year and in 2010, but will miss the playoffs this season. The Dodgers, on the other hand, were in last place just two months ago, but clinched the division last week.
This week Harry is joined by a very special guest – Mr Stiliyan Petrov.
Stiliyan very kindly took time out of their hectic schedule organising the Stiliyan Petrov game at Celtic Park this Sunday to discuss football with a fawning fan. They obviously discuss the forthcoming charity match at Celtic Park where some of the greatest Celts of the last 20 years (and more) will return to once again grace the hallowed grounds. Additionally Stiliyan gives an insight into their time at Celtic and more importantly discusses the drive and motivation required for a young footballer to make it at the top level. Once listening I'm sure you'll agree stiliyan is a very compelling speaker – putting us all to shame by being SO articulate in a foreign tongue!
As this podcast is uploaded, a few thousand tickets (max) are still available at £10 & £5. The beneficiaries are the Stiliyan Petrov Foundation and the Trussell Trust. Yes in the 21st Century of one of the world's richest countries we're playing a game to put food on tables of the poor in our city!
At the end of the podcast, Harry indicates that there may be some special podcasts coming up to mark 200 Celtic Underground podcasts.
https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/celticunderground-celtic-football/id305526084
http://celticunderground.libsyn.com/rss
Justice for Men and Boys (and the women who love them)[1] plans to contest the top 30 Conservative marginal seats at the 2015 general election, if the funding is in place to do so. One of these seats is Wolverhampton South West, which the Conservatives won with a margin of just 691 votes in 2010. A gentleman who lives in the constituency contested the seat in 2010 for their own political party, and in 2015 he'll be standing as our candidate.
Ray Barry is the leader of the political party Equal Parenting Alliance[2]. They live in the constituency, and he's campaigned against anti-male bias in legislation for the last 13 years. They assumed when they and their wife divorced 13 years ago that he'd experience fair and equal treatment in the family court, but they found anti-male prejudice and bigotry, and was removed from the lives of their three children, to whom they were devoted. Fathers rarely qualify for Legal Aid, and they now work in family courts helping fathers apply for contact with their children.
Ray is going to contest the Wolverhampton South West seat in 2015 for our party, because they believe the unfairness which they encountered now extends beyond fathers. Men and boys encounter injustices and discriminations in many aspects of their lives solely on account of their gender. British laws and institutions treat men and boys with ever less justice than women and girls – with less fairness, kindness, understanding, and forgiveness. Our party has outlined in a public consultation document[3] 18 areas where men typically have poorer life outcomes, or face disadvantages and discriminations solely on account of their gender. Ray Barry contributed the material on parental access to children (pp 10,11). Most of the assaults on men's interests are attributable to the actions and/or inactions of the state, although 72% of the income tax paid by British citizens is paid collectively by men while women pay only 28%.
In this climate it should come as no surprise that men and boys commit suicide at three times the rate of women and girls. Ray asks voters to reflect on their own experiences, and those of their family members, friends, and acquaintances, and cast their votes for them if they agree that restoring justice to men and boys is a priority in twenty first century Britain.
[1]http://j4mb.wordpress.com
[2]http://equalparentingalliance. org
[3]https://j4mb.wordpress.com/ our-public-consultation- exercise-2/
Satellites are revolving around the planets and spacecrafts are taking long journeys to probe other planets and explore Universe.
There is always a danger of orbital debris which can act as a hazard to satellite and spacecraft.
There are many techniques developed to solve this problem like the gas clouds, nets and sails which to some extent solve the problem by collecting the debris. The problem in these methods is that they can only capture larger pieces of debris and small pieces of debris escapes from its catch.
To solve this problem International group of scientists are developing a system that can shoot those bits down with the laser.
The system is having two main components: highly efficient fiber optic based laser, a super wide field of view telescope developed by the EUSO team at Japan's Riken research institute.
The telescope was originally developed to detect ultraviolet light emitted which is produced by the ultra-high-energy cosmic rays entering the Earth's atmosphere at night.
Toshikazu Ebisuzaki, who is leading the project, realized that it could be used to detect high-velocity debris fragments at twilight.
Once a piece is spotted by the system then it would instruct the laser to focus intense pulse of light onto it.
The debris is destroyed by the process called plasma ablation, in this process one side of the debris is heated up and turn to plasma, as the plasma plumbed off to that side, it would create thrust, sending the debris down to burn in the atmosphere.
The next step would be tested the system, for this the proof of concept model is installed in the International Space Station. It will utilize a 20 cm telescope and a 100 fiber laser, and it will shoot down debris near the station.
If it works well then the full scale version will be installed near the station which is having 3 meter telescopes, a 10,000 fiber lasers and a range of 62 miles or 100 km.
The system can also be deployed at an altitude of 497 miles or 800 km where greater amount of debris is present.
Ebisuzaki said, “Our proposal is radically different from the more conventional approach that is ground based, and we believe it is a more manageable approach that will be accurate, fast, and cheap, we believe that this dedicated system could remove most of the centimeter-sized debris within five years of operation.”
A police team that reached the residence of Virender was put in a fix as all their family members came forward owning up the crime.
A 48-year-old man was allegedly stabbed to death during a fight with their wife and children at their residence in southwest Delhi's Sagarpur area today.A police team that reached the residence of Virender was put in a fix as all their family members -- Virender's wife Mithlesh and three children -- came forward owning up the crime, a senior official said.From preliminary investigation, it appeared that Virender was alcoholic and frequently assaulted their wife. This morning, they had a fight with them and at least one of the children, the 20-year-old son, intervened, police said.It led to a fight between them during which Virender was stabbed with a knife, the official said.All of Virender's relatives were questioned and the eldest son has emerged as the prime suspect. They have been detained by the police and is likely to be arrested, the official said.However, role of the other family members, especially Virender's wife, are also being probed, they added."It is quite a complex matter which is being thoroughly investigated. A case has been registered," DCP (southwest) Surender Kumar said. Virender is survived by their wife (45), daughter (18) and sons aged 16 and 20 years.
Research has shown that there are multiple risk factors for suicide and that these factors may vary with age, gender, physical and mental well-being, and with individual experiences. Treatments and therapies for people with suicidal thoughts or actions will vary as well. NIMH has focused research on strategies that have worked well for mental health conditions related to suicide such as depression and anxiety.
Psychotherapies
Multiple types of psychosocial interventions have been found to be beneficial for individuals who have attempted suicide. These types of interventions may prevent someone from making another attempt. Psychotherapy, or "talk therapy," is one type of psychosocial intervention and can effectively reduce suicide risk.
One type of psychotherapy is called cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). CBT can help people learn new ways of dealing with stressful experiences through training. CBT helps individuals recognize their own thought patterns and consider alternative actions when thoughts of suicide arise.
Another type of psychotherapy, called dialectical behavior therapy (DBT), has been shown to reduce the rate of suicide among people with borderline personality disorder, a serious mental illness characterized by unstable moods, relationships, self-image, and behavior. A therapist trained in DBT helps a person recognize when their or their feelings or actions are disruptive or unhealthy, and teaches the skills needed to deal better with upsetting situations.
NIMH's Find Help for Mental Illnesses page can help you locate a mental health provider in your area.
Medication
Some individuals at risk for suicide might benefit from medication. Doctors and patients can work together to find the best medication or medication combination, as well as the right dose.
Clozapine, is an antipsychotic medication used primarily to treat individuals with schizophrenia. However, it is the only medication with a specific U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) indication for reducing the risk of recurrent suicidal behavior in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder who are at risk for ongoing suicidal behavior. Because many individuals at risk for suicide often have psychiatric and substance use problems, individuals might benefit from medication along with psychosocial intervention.
If you are prescribed a medication, be sure you:
Talk with your doctor or a pharmacist to make sure you understand the risks and benefits of the medications you're taking.
Do not stop taking a medication without talking to your doctor first. Suddenly stopping a medication may lead to "rebound" or worsening of symptoms. Other uncomfortable or potentially dangerous withdrawal effects also are possible.
Report any concerns about side effects to your doctor right away. You may need a change in the dose or a different medication.
Report serious side effects to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program online or by phone at 1-800-332-1088. You or your doctor may send a report.
Other medications have been used to treat suicidal thoughts and behaviors but more research is needed to show the benefit for these options. For basic information about these medications, you can visit the NIMH Mental Health Medications webpage. For the most up-to-date information on medications, side effects, and warnings, visit the FDA website.
Consider an analogy to get a sense of how Russia might perceive America's Ukraine policy. It is imperfect of course, because unlike Russia, America has no history of being invaded, unless you count the War of 1812. But a comparison might be instructive nonetheless:
By 2034, China's power position has risen relative to America's. America has evacuated its East Asian bases, under peaceful but pressured circumstances. The governments of Korea and Japan and eventually the Philippines had, by 2026, concluded it was better off with a “less provocative” more neutral arrangement. The huge naval base at Subic Bay became home to a multilateral UN contingent. China's economy had been larger than America's for a while, though American per capita income is still somewhat higher. American technological innovation edge has largely disappeared, America still has a lot of soft power—people over the world prefer Hollywood movies to Chinese and America's nuclear arsenal exceeds the Chinese. But the countries are far more equal than today, and throughout much of the world it is assumed that China will be tomorrow's dominant “hyperpower.”
A political crisis erupts in Mexico. Mexico has a freely elected but typically corrupt government, whose leading figures are linked to Wall Street and Miami Beach by ties of marriage and money. But many in Mexico—where anti-gringo nationalism remains a potent force—want to become the first “North American partner” in the China led Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere. Young Mexicans proclaim defiantly they are “people of color” and laud the fact non-white China is rising while America, country of aging white people, is in decline. Their sentiments, materialistic and infused with personal ambitions are so permeated with anti-American, anti-imperialist “third worldist” rhetoric that it is difficult for outsiders to sort out the true motivations. When the Mexican government, under American pressure, rejects a Chinese invitation for candidate membership in China's East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere, long prepared protests erupt in Mexico City.
The core group of protest leaders and organizers have been on the Chinese payroll for some time, as the heads of various civic action and popular democracy initiatives, many with an obvious anti-gringo flavor. Soon Chinese politicians and movie stars begin flocking to Mexico City to be photographed with the protesters. Thus encouraged, protester demands escalate, including not only the resignation of the government, Mexico's adhesion to the Chinese economic bloc, but a military alliance with China. The NSA captures a cell phone conversation of the Chinese ambassador discussing who will hold what posts in the next Mexican cabinet. Three days later, sniper fire of undetermined origin riddles the protestors and police, and any semblance of order breaks down. Mexico's president flees to Miami.
The above scenario parallels pretty directly the run-up to the Ukraine crisis, before Russia began to respond forcefully. One can of course see the ambiguities of right and wrong. Why should America have anything to say about whether Mexico has a revolution and joins an anti-American military alliance, some would ask. Mexico is sovereign, and should be able to join any international grouping it wants.
What is most striking about the Ukraine crisis is how much the Washington debate lacks any sense of how the issue might look to other interested parties, particularly Russia. Putin is analysed of course—is he, as Hillary Clinton suggested, following Hitler's playbook? Or is they merely an aggressive autocrat? Or perhaps they are “in their own world” and not quite sane? But in open Washington conversation at least, and perhaps even at the more reflective levels of government, all talk begins with the premise that Russia's leader is somewhere on the continuum between aggressive and the irrational. That they might be acting reactively and defensively, as any leader of a large power would be in response to threatening events on its doorstep, is not even part of the American conversation. Thus in the waning days of American unipolarism, America diplomacy sinks into a mode of semi-autism, able to perceive and express its own interests, perceptions, and desires, while oblivious to the concerns of others.
A rare and welcome exception to blindness was the publication in Foreign Affairs of John Mearsheimer's cogent essay on the Ukraine crisis, which with characteristic directness argues that Western efforts to move Ukraine in the Nato/EE orbit were the “taproot” of the present crisis. Prior to Mearsheimer, one could find analyses tracing how various neoliberal and neoconservative foundations had, with their spending and sponsorship of various “pro-Western” groups, fomented a revolution in Ukraine, but they were generally sequestered in left-liberal venues habitually critical of American and Western policies. In the Beltway power loop, such voices were never heard. The policy of pushing NATO eastward, first incorporating Poland and Bulgaria and then going right up to Russia's borders moved forward as if on mysterious autopilot. That such a policy was wise and necessary was considered a given when it was discussed at all, which was seldom. Was Obama even aware that a leading neoconservative, a figure from Dick Cheney's staff, was in charge formulating American policy towards Ukraine—with designs on igniting revolutionary regional transformation? One has to assume not; confrontation with Russia had not been part of Obama's presidential campaign or style, and since the crisis began their comments have always been more measured than the actions of the government they purportedly lead.
As Mearsheimer points out, there remains still a fairly obvious and quite attractive off-ramp: a negotiation with Russia which settles formally Ukraine's non-aligned status. There are useful precedents for this: Eisenhower's negotiation with Krushchev that brought about the withdrawal of foreign troops from Austria in 1955 is one, and so of course is Finland. No one who contemplates where the Ukraine crisis might lead otherwise—with a war that devastates the country or perhaps brings in outside powers to devastate all of Europe, or even explodes the entire northern hemisphere—could sanely consider Austria or Finland—prosperous and free countries—to be bad outcomes. Nevertheless the entire conversation in Washington revolves around measures to make Putin back down, and accept the integration of Ukraine into the EU and eventually NATO. People act baffled that they won't.
There is a mystery to the way Washington works—how an entire political class came to see as American policy that that Russia be humiliated at its own doorstep as logical, without ever reflecting upon whether this was a good idea in the larger scheme of global politics nor whether the West had the means and will to see it through. Because to see it through likely means war with Russia over Ukraine. (The West-leaning Ukrainians of course, be they democratic or fascist, want nothing more than to have American troops fighting beside them as they become NATO partners, a tail wagging the dog). America's policy makes sense only if it is taken for granted that Russia is an eternal enemy, an evil power which must be surrounded weakened and ultimately brought down. But very few in Washington believe that either, and virtually no one in the American corporate establishment does. So it's a mystery—a seemingly iron-clad Washington consensus formed behind a policy, the integration of Ukraine in the West, to whose implications no one seems to have given any serious thought.
Russia's leaders and diplomats have been telling America to butt out of Ukraine in unambiguous terms for a decade or more. Did American diplomats and CIA agents push for an anti-Russian coup d'etat in Kiev knowing that and pursue it anyway? The sheer recklessness of such an action would border on criminal—but oddly enough, no one who truly counts in Washington, Republican or Democrat, seems even to consider it even slightly misguided.
Scott McConnell is a founding editor of The American Conservative.
Congressional Republicans are pushing to end a controversial requirement that people disclose their race when purchasing a firearm.
Legislation slated to hit the House floor on Wednesday would bar the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) from requiring race and ethnicity disclosures on purchasing forms.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The government should be colorblind on all our rights — whether it's the freedom of speech, freedom of religion, or the right to keep and bear arms,” said Rep. Diane Black Diane Lynn BlackLamar Alexander's exit marks end of an era in evolving Tennessee Juan Williams: The GOP's worsening problem with women How to reform the federal electric vehicle tax credit MORE (R-Tenn.), who introduced an amendment to block the ATF from collecting the information.
Black called the ATF's racial disclosure policy a “direct challenge to the Second Amendment rights enshrined in our Constitution.”
“We all want to see weapons kept out of the hands of criminals, but an individual's race and ethnicity has nothing to do with their ability to safely own and operate a firearm,” Black said on the House floor.
The House is debating an appropriations bill to fund the Justice Department, which includes the ATF. But the funding is contingent on certain provisions, also known as policy riders, that the agency must follow.
Black's amendment was adopted by a voice vote and will be included in the final funding bill for the DOJ, which lawmakers are expected to vote on later Wednesday.
It is one of several gun riders that Republicans included in the funding bill, angering Democrats who say the provisions should not be wrapped into the legislation.
Black previously challenged the ATF's racial disclosure policy through stand-alone legislation known as the Firearm Act.
The 19-year-old Dane was deemed special before linking up with the Dutch legend at the club who face Manchester United in the Europa League final
Marc Overmars knew they were watching something special when they first laid eyes on Kasper Dolberg. Jens Steffensen, a former Denmark international who has been Dolberg's agent for more than four years, recalls: “After one day of their trial, they said to me: ‘We want to sign him.' We went inside to phone Kasper's parents and discuss what to do – but it didn't take long to decide because Ajax has such a long history of Danish players coming through the system; we chose them. It was a very good match. Their personal trainer now is Dennis Bergkamp.”
Ajax's Justin Kluivert wants to be the best and not just famous for their dad Read more
Little more than two years on, Ajax's technical director has been proven right. Dolberg, a 19-year-old powerfully built forward from Silkeborg, has excelled in Peter Bosz's thrilling young side, scoring 16 goals in the Eredivisie and another six from nine starts in the Europa League. An impudent finish in the 3-1 defeat by Lyon in the second leg of the semi-final, dinking the ball over the goalkeeper and top-spinning it into the net to elude the despairing defender's lunge, proved vital as Ajax booked their place in Wednesday's final against Manchester United with a 5-4 aggregate victory.
Not for the first time this season, comparisons were made to a strapping teenager who made their mark in the famous red and white shirt 35 years earlier. After Dolberg's 18-minute hat-trick against NEC in November, consisting of two trademarks strikes with their right foot and a clever angled header, even Dolberg's father, Flemming Rasmussen – like Dolberg's mother, Kirsten Dolberg, a former professional handball player in Denmark – could not resist.
“I see many similarities with Marco van Basten,” they said, noting their son had just broken the 1988 European Championship winner's hat-trick record by four minutes. “If they go like them that's very good of course. They are the same size, same speed and both have a good shot.”
Dolberg was spotted playing for their local side GFG Voel when they were 12. Having alternated between handball and football as child, they settled on the latter and joined Silkeborg's academy. Still painfully shy, however, they initially struggled to settle and returned to Voel. A year later they were persuaded to go back.
“We signed Kasper when they were a 15-year-old boy,” says Steffensen, who owns the Scandinavian Soccer agency. “I played for six years in the Bundesliga and in the same Denmark team as Allan Simonsen and John Sivebaek, so I know a bit about talented players.
“He already had nearly everything at that time. They had speed, a fantastic eye for the game, ability with both feet, free-kicks. Their game in the air was not that good but when you have that speed you can learn how to jump properly.
“But with young players, it always depends on what is inside their head.”
Ajax return to the Cruyff ideals as Peter Bosz leads new generation Read more
In 2009 another young Danish striker also appeared to have the world at their feet. “Within five years I want to be the top scorer in the Premier League and I want to be known as a world-class striker,” Nicklas Bendtner, who now plays in Norway for Rosenborg, told the Guardian eight years ago. “And it will happen. Trust me, it will happen.”
There appears little chance of Dolberg making the same mistakes as the former Arsenal striker. In an interview with the Danish national broadcasters DR in October, the softly spoken teenager said their preference was “to remain in the background” – a trait their father believes their son has inherited from him.
“He can come across as indifferent, nonchalant or even cold but that can be deceptive,” Rasmussen said. “When they are on the pitch and facing competition they will think, deep down, that they will get the better of that opponent.”
Steffensen says: “Kasper is a very quiet person and their feet are always one metre in the ground. It's important to have that connection to earth.”
After Dolberg made their debut for Silkeborg in May 2015 and starred for Denmark's Under-19s, Wolfsburg contacted Steffensen that summer and arranged for them to attend a trial. John Steen Olsen, Ajax's celebrated Scandinavian scout whose long list of discoveries includes Jan Molby, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Christian Eriksen, had also spotted something and asked the agent not to make hasty decisions. It was the prospect of working with Bergkamp, who has been entrusted with bringing through young players to the first-team squad, that was the most persuasive argument.
“Danish players have almost the same mentality as the Dutch people,” Steffensen says. “You can count on the fact that they are team players and also have very good technical ability when they are young. But because the domestic competition is not as strong as other countries you need to find the right place to step up to the next level.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ajax's Kasper Dolberg speaks to the media in the buildup to the Europa League final. Photograph: Lukas Schulze/Uefa via Getty Images
“When Kasper came to Ajax they were a left winger. But Marc Overmars told us that they thought they could be a fantastic No9. They put Bergkamp and Kasper together and we have seen the results ever since.”
Ajax paid €270,000 to sign Dolberg but, at first, their progress was steady not spectacular. After some promising appearances in the Uefa Youth League, they were invited to last summer's pre-season training camp in Turkey by Bosz and forced their way into the first-team reckoning, signing a five-year contract before they had made their senior debut.
“We knew that they would get to this level … but to be there so quickly was a surprise for us,” Steffensen says. “In the last few years they have really started to develop physically and I think that is one of their strongest assets now. He's also very calm; they believe so much in himself. Kasper has a natural instinct going forward but is not a selfish player.”
The cushioned backheel pass into the path of Davy Klaassen in the away leg of the last-16 tie against Copenhagen in March illustrated that. Bergkamp has been encouraging Dolberg to shoot more often in recent months, although the influence of the man who remains in the top five of the Premier League's all-time list for assists is clear to see.
At the end of the second leg against Lyon the average age of Ajax's side was 20. Inevitable comparisons have been made to Louis van Gaal's 1995 European Cup winners for a team also containing the Chelsea loanee Bertrand Traoré, the German winger Amin Younes and the 17-year-old defender Matthijs de Ligt, plus others including Patrick Kluivert's 18-year-old son Justin.
“It's a really fantastic job they are doing,” Steffensen says. “They take the young players and give them a chance to come into the first team. Of course, the level in Holland is not like in England but still it is a good level of football. It's important that they are given a chance, not only for one or two matches but for a long period of time, so they have a proper chance to adapt.”
Manchester United's Daley Blind puts old ties behind them for Europa League final Read more
Dolberg, who is renting a flat on their own in Amsterdam after staying with a host family during their first year in the Netherlands, remains very close to their parents. They have been in touch even more regularly in recent weeks as speculation over their future spirals, although their assertion last week that they will stay put this summer will have been music to the ears of Overmars and co.
“We've had interest from all over Europe, especially from England,” Steffensen says. “All of the top clubs in England have been in touch – and in Spain as well. Everything depends on Ajax. They have a contract with them until 2021 but I don't know what they want to do. They have not given me any indication how much it would cost to buy him.”
Anything north of £30m, if the latest speculation is to be believed. Manchester City have been scouting Dolberg since last season and appear to be the most keen. Steffensen may not earn a penny from any transfer. They say they have an exclusive contract to represent Dolberg, which expires next summer, with the Dutch agents SEG International ready to step in.
“With such a player there will always be competition from other agents but that is actually the name of the game,” Steffensen says. “I was the same when I was a young player because I got into the first team as a 17-year-old, so I know how it works. If Kasper decides to stay with us in Scandinavian Soccer or if they decide to go with another big agency then we will wish them all the best in the world. We found them and put them into the way that they as to go. They have kept focused all the way, so they deserve to be a success.”
As for whether Dolberg will suffer from nerves when they run out to face José Mourinho's United at Stockholm's Friends Arena, you can probably guess the answer.
“No, no, no,” Steffensen says. “It is like any other match. They will do what they can and hopefully it will go well – but he's not nervous at all. They never are.”
Five to watch
André Onana
Goalkeeper Born: 2 April 1996
Cameroon is producing a number of promising goalkeepers and the emergence of Onana is a credit to the Samuel Eto'o Foundation in Douala, where they played until the age of 13. A five-year spell at Barcelona ended when they decided they “had to leave to grow as a player” and their rise in stature since arriving at Ajax in January 2015 has been rapid. At 6ft 3in Onana is a commanding presence with excellent reflexes. Their cousin Fabrice Ondoa, also a goalkeeper, is four months their senior and was one of the stars in Cameroon's Africa Cup of Nations triumph in February.
Davinson Sánchez
Centre-back Born: 12 June 1996
The scouts have been out in force for Sánchez, a Colombian centre-back who had been coveted by Barcelona before choosing to join Ajax from Atlético Nacional last summer. Their reason for moving to the Netherlands was that first-team football would be easier to come by; sure enough, they fitted into Peter Bosz's side immediately and has been a cornerstone of this Europa League run. Sánchez is powerful and composed in possession; their captain, Davy Klaassen, says they are a “beast” and they are likely to be dominating attackers in one of the continent's biggest leagues soon. Barça remain keen.
Davy Klaassen
Attacking midfielder Born: 21 February 1993
It says plenty for the youthfulness of Ajax's lineup that, at 24, Klaassen seems like its elder statesman. Their leadership skills are not in doubt but the Ajax captain is themselves a work in progress and one that a number of top clubs around Europe would like to see improve on their watch. Klaassen, who is Ajax through and through, having emerged from the club's academy, is a dynamic attacking midfielder who is perfect for driving the tempo Bosz demands. Their goalscoring record reflects a well-honed sense of timing and their vision on the ball stands up to most, too. They would appear well suited to the Premier League.
Hakim Ziyech
Attacking midfielder Born: 19 March 1993
Ziyech is perhaps the most vaunted of Ajax's creative forces and had been linked with a number of European clubs before moving to Amsterdam from Twente a year ago. A technically outstanding playmaker who is at their best in the area behind the striker, the Moroccan international – who was born in the Netherlands and came through at Heerenveen – makes the attack tick through their dribbling and their ability to pick the right pass. Ziyech, 24, also takes an excellent left-footed set piece but the assists come from all over the pitch and stopping them may be key to Manchester United's hopes of victory.
Amin Younes
Winger Born: 6 August 1993
Younes, who will start on the left side of attack, has been named in Germany's Confederations Cup squad and that is ample reward for the progress they have made since joining from Borussia Mönchengladbach in July 2015. The 23-year-old had not quite made the grade there, despite a number of Bundesliga appearances, but has pushed on at Ajax and boasted the best take-on figures in this season's Eredivisie. They have been decisive in the Europa League, scoring twice past Celta Vigo and at the death against Schalke before netting the third of Ajax's four semi-final first-leg goals against Lyon. Nick Ames
To English eyes, Australia is enormous. It is vast and wild, a land of flames and poison. Tour guides cheerfully point out mountains where people die every year, listing the nationalities of unfortunate tourists who failed to respect the difficulties of the terrain. Australians speak with pride of bushfires, hand-sized spiders, lethal snakes and huge, dive-bombing magpies in the same way the English might discuss the age of St Paul's Cathedral or the importance of the Industrial Revolution. There are few things that tie the country together so strongly as its danger . . . aside from a belief that the internet here is broken.
Despite Australia's terrors, people have been making their marks on this nation for longer than almost any other. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Island people are part of one of the oldest continuous human cultures, but their presence in modern Australia is marginalised and circumscribed by the country's colonial history and present: an indigenous person is likely to die 17 years earlier than others. Aboriginal babies, children and adults have poorer health, and chronic illnesses – diabetes and cardiovascular disease in particular – are the biggest causes of death among them. Suicide rates are twice those for the general population and especially high among young men. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders make up about 2.3 per cent of Australia's population, but 25 per cent of the numbers in prison.
Closing the gap is of the utmost importance, but Australia's vastness makes interventions difficult. Indigenous people are usually both more remote and more mobile than other populations, who often stick to the cities and towns around the hospitable coasts. Communication with the red deserts is difficult – particularly as Australia's internet remains stuck in the past.
Any infrastructure is political, in a country of vast wilderness doubly so. Australia is almost as large as the United States, but where the US has more than 300 million people Australia has 23 million. There are not enough people to make comprehensive, quick internet coverage profitable.
Even the big coastal cities do not always get good coverage from Telstra's ageing copper network: much of the wiring is poorly maintained and corroded. According to Net Index, Australia has average download speeds of 14.56Mbps, making it 51st worldwide; for comparison, the UK ranks 25th.
But the country's upload speeds are even worse – 2.89Mbps, compared to the UK's 5.8Mbps – and this is what most hampers the network. It is impossible to use Skype if you can't reliably stream video to the network; you can't rely on cloud services if you can't save to the cloud. The internet could be used to deliver education, health and elderly care across Australia's vast distances, but without the ability to upload information quickly and reliably it is impossible to benefit from such two-way applications.
Out of the failure of the telecoms companies, the National Broadband Network was born. The ambition behind the NBN, launched by the Labor government in Tasmania in 2010, was to connect every home and business to the net.
In Armidale, New South Wales, one in five residents is Aboriginal. The NBN is up and running there, and trials of telehealth programmes that use two-way internet services to monitor patients have already begun. Diabetics were taught how to take readings and upload them, while nurses monitor patients remotely. Another trial offered adult education courses to people at home rather than requiring them to sit in a classroom; Aboriginal school attendance and retention is 10 percentage points lower than for other children, and that gap widens as age increases. The possibilities have only just begun to be explored.
But the right-wing Liberal Party, in the lead-up to the September 2013 election, switched the conversation away from future need and possibility and towards current desires and costs. The incoming communications minister, Malcolm Turnbull, framed the internet as a tool for entertainment, not a matter of life and death. The NBN was no longer a crucial infrastructure project: it was an extravagant purchase Australia could ill afford.
Since their party won, Turnbull has fundamentally altered the NBN plan. It will no longer send high-speed fibre to every home and business; instead it will send the fibre to cabinets in each neighbourhood, relying on old, ill-maintained copper networks for the final metres – or miles. Some areas will now experience no difference in service at all. That will affect Australia's ability to provide health, education and support to its remotest areas and most disadvantaged peoples, and there will no longer be any bandwidth reserved for such applications – unless you can pay for it.
Australia's grand vision for a national network has shrunk. Even the NBN's staunchest supporters question the value of minimal speed increases without the security of a universal standard. There has been no talk since the election of telehealth, of education or even of business needs; the conversation now is only about costs and the construction speed of the modified network.
The NBN might have been another Sydney Harbour Bridge: a dazzling feat of design and engineering admired around the world. Instead, its future looks shaky and its eventual usefulness increasingly unclear.
Meet Florence (aka Flow) Adepoju, 24-year-old founder of cult lipstick brand MDMFlow Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed
This self-proclaimed beauty addict made their first lipstick at university as part of their dissertation. Six months later, and with a degree in cosmetic science under their belt, they launched MDMFlow from their home lab, aka their parent's shed. Now, three years on, MDMFlow lipsticks are stocked in Topshop Oxford Street and Nasty Gal. "I had no idea the brand will get this big," they say, checking their Instagram with one eye. "I actually wanted to be a pharmacist, but after my dissertation project I decided I wanted to make lipsticks for a living. I wanted a lipstick brand that had a range of colours. I remember really wanting a blue lipstick and I couldn't find it anywhere. So I made it myself."
Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Tap to play GIF Tap to play GIF Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing MDMFlow in Di La La.
Like Florence, I had no idea their brand would get this big. You see, I went to college with them And yes, their makeup game was always on point, but I didn't think it was possible for a girl from Essex to actually make a living out of lipsticks. But from knowing her, it's clear why MDMFlow is such a success. Florence is confident, knowing, and bold: Them long braids, their bright orange lips, and the best blusher application I've ever seen are proof that they take pride in looking and feeling beautiful. Within the first 20 minutes of meeting up, she's taking business phone calls, making on-the-spot decisions about product colours and names and generally running the show.
Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing V Dutch Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing Vamp
Like any other black girl interested in makeup, Florence has found that buying beauty products for dark skin can be a a real bitch. "I have had so many issues with makeup brands not working for my skin tone. Sometimes you get beauty products that everyone raves about and it just doesn't work for dark skin." It's talking about the struggles of being black in the beauty industry that really gets them going: "It gets me so mad – black people love beauty too. Sometimes you get a foundation range that only has three shades for black people. It's so underwhelming. "So when I make my lipsticks, black girls are at the forepoint. If it doesn't suit me or my black friends, then I scrap it. I'm a black girl, and a lot of my friends are black, so what sense does it make for me to make a product we can't use? Yes, MDMFlow is for everyone, but black girls need to be able to wear it too, otherwise there's no point. And I think the whole industry should be like that. If a certain race can't wear your lipstick it shouldn't be on the market."
Rebecca Hendin / Laura Gallant / BuzzFeed
I lipsticks currently come in eight different shades and are heavily influenced by hip-hop culture. "Hip-hop is my life, and it's a huge influence on the brand, from the colours, to the designs, to the names," they say. Two of the shades – Bossy and Milkshake – are named in tribute to Kelis, one of their favourite artists. "Hip-hop to me was the first real measure of success," they say. "I would look at Mary J. Blige living that life and Kelis being cool AF and be so inspired. Hip-hop is so unashamedly badass and a little outrageous – I love that, and I want my brand to be that. I find pretentious brands boring, which is why I take so much from rappers. Rappers are fun, not stuck-up and rich. I feel like makeup, especially lipstick, should be fun and feel like a luxury."
Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing MDMFlow in Milkshake. Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing MDMFlow in Vamp.
Florence has a no-fucks-given attitude and she's not here for any makeup dos and don'ts. Them reaction when I'm too scared to wear blue lipstick is, "Girl, you better wear that blue lipstick." She's all about bright colours: "Growing up seeing bright colours was normal to me. I would watch music videos like Destiny's Child's 'Say My Name' and just be in love with the colour palette. So to then go into beauty counters and only see reds and pinks, I just thought, Yo, where the greens, the blues, the yellows?"
Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing MDMFlow Mas Marina Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed Florence wearing MDMFlow 3 Kings
Three years into building the brand, Florence still makes all their lipsticks herself. "I want to stay made in the UK for as long as I possibly can," they say. "I want to put Brits, especially black Brits, on the map. Some people don't even believe black Brits exist. "We have #BlackGirlMagic in England too. I feel like most things considered British have an old antique vibe to it, and MDMFlow is not like that, but it's still very British in its own way."
Laura Gallant/ BuzzFeed
49ers' streamlined playbook may mean fewer delays
Before the 49ers bolted for Baltimore, and Thursday's exhibition opener against the Ravens, quarterback Colin Kaepernick and offensive coordinator Greg Roman addressed offseason changes to the team's playbook.
The premise: Roman and head coach Jim Harbaugh sought to simplify their menu of plays. They won't divulge much more than this, naturally, but Kaepernick acknowledged the changes were motivated by the 49ers' occasional struggles to reach the line of scrimmage in time.
They sometimes waited for play calls to reach the huddle, then scrambled to snap the ball in time or wasted a timeout.
"I think everyone is just on the same page," Kaepernick said after practice Tuesday in Santa Clara. "We simplified some things and made it easier for us to get in and out of the plays. That's helped us a lot so far."
Roman insisted the changes weren't driven by the occasional problems getting off snaps in time. Still, they and Harbaugh recognized they needed to sift through the clutter.
"It was time to clean out the garage," Roman said. "We really tried to streamline things and make complicated things as simple as possible, with terminology and trying to explain things better."
Museum opens Friday: Team officials led the media on a tour of the 49ers museum, set to open to the public Friday in the north end of Levi's Stadium. If you savor football history, it's worth the visit.
The steel-and-resin statues of Bill Walsh chatting with Joe Montana, or Dwight Clark making the Catch, are striking. But the interactive and educational displays, including a re-creation of Walsh's office at the team's former Redwood City practice facility, are even cooler.
"I've learned so much about our rich history," said former linebacker Keena Turner, who now works for the 49ers and was involved in the creation of the museum. "It's far deeper than just the 1980s. We get fixated there, for all the right reasons, but there's so much more. This is a great chance to explore it all."
The museum will be open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. seven days a week (and pregame on event days). Admission is $15 for adults and $10 for kids ages 5-12.
By Derrick Broze
One of the major purported selling points for the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is a supposed increase in new jobs as a result of the controversial trade deal. The deal involves 12 nations, including the U.S., Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, Malaysia and more. However, two recent economic reports have contradicted the claims that jobs will increase. They have shown that, more than likely, the deal will lead to a loss of jobs.
First there was a World Bank report that predicted that TPP would produce negligible boosts to the economies of the U.S., Australia, and Canada. TechDirt writes:
So according to the World Bank's figures, the U.S. will gain an extra 0.04% GDP per year on average, as a result of TPP; Australia an extra 0.07% annually, and Canada a boost of 0.12% per year.
This study was followed up by a review from Jerome Capaldo and Alex Izurieta at Tufts University. In a study titled “Trading Down: Unemployment, Inequality and Other Risks of the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement,” Capaldo and Izurieta claim their study uses a more realistic model than past analyses. Specifically, the researchers state that their model incorporates effects on employment that were previously excluded from TPP calculations.
Their study found that economic growth is likely to be limited — and negative — for some countries, including the United States. The researchers also found the TPP would probably lead to increased unemployment and inequality. Capaldo and Izurieta explained:
The standard model assumes full employment and invariant income distribution, ruling out the main risks of trade and financial liberalization. Subject to these assumptions, it finds positive effects on growth. An important question, therefore, is how this conclusion changes if those assumptions are dropped.
In the paper, the two researchers state that changes in GDP growth are “mostly projected to be negligible.” After using two sets of growth figures, ten-year measurements, and annual averages, they concluded the TPP “appears to only marginally change competitiveness among participating countries. Most gains are therefore obtained at the expense of non-TPP countries.”
The fact that any gains — however negligible — will come at the cost of non-TPP countries should be a warning to all nations of the world, especially those who do not stand to benefit from the agreement. Concerning predictions of actual job losses or gains, the researchers write, “TPP would lead to employment losses in all countries, with a total of 771,000 lost jobs. The United States would be the hardest hit, with a loss of 448,000 jobs.”
Finally, the researchers draw harrowing conclusions about the end result of the TPP.
Globally, the TPP favors competition on labor costs and remuneration of capital. Depending on the policy choices in non-TPP countries, this may accelerate the global race to the bottom, increasing downward pressure on labor incomes in a quest for ever more elusive trade gains.
This latest analysis of TPP job claims is even more dismal than a February 2015 analysis by the Washington Post, which revealed the U.S. government's numbers on expected job increases from the TPP are not factually correct. The Post's Fact-Checker examined several quotes from government officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack. Both Kerry and Vilsack claimed the international trade agreement would create 650,000 new jobs. However, these numbers do not take into account income gains and changing wages. According to the government's own sources, imports and exports would increase by the same amount — resulting in a net number of zero new jobs.
The TPP has faced criticism for several years, not least because it has been negotiated in secret with overwhelming influence from multinational corporations. In late June 2015, President Obama signed into law the so-called “fast-track” bill, which set the stage for approval of the TPP. “Fast-track” limits Congress' ability to alter the provisions of the trade deal, and only allows a vote of yes or no. The final terms of the deal were agreed upon in October 2015, and the full text of the agreement was released in November. The earliest Obama can sign the deal is February 4, 2016.
Following the release of the text of the TPP, journalist James Corbett released an excellent report examining the effects of the proposal. Corbett concludes that the most egregious portions relate to the Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) Mechanism, intellectual property, and food safety standards.
10 Strategies to Survive and Thrive During Economic Collapse - Subscribe To Get Your Free Copy Email address: Yes - I consent to receive emails Leave this field empty if you're human: Subscription is FREE and CONFIDENTIAL - Subscribe To Get Your Free Copy
According to the report, ISDS will give corporations loopholes to escape accountability and empower international bodies, overriding the national sovereignty of signing nations. Under ISDS, foreign corporations would be allowed to appeal legal decisions to international tribunals, rather than face domestic courts. Critics fear this could lead to a loss of sovereignty and the enrichment of transnational corporations.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
In late 2015, Anti-Media reported the TPP might not be voted on until after the 2016 presidential elections, or possibly into the next presidential term, according to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
In an interview with the Washington Post, McConnell said they do not support the idea of voting on the TPP before the election. “It certainly shouldn't come before the election. I don't think so, and I have some serious problems with what I think it is,” they said. “But I think the president would be making a big mistake to try to have that voted on during the election. There's significant pushback all over the place.”
“We will continue working with Congressional leaders to pass the Trans-Pacific Partnership as soon as possible next year,” Brandi Hoffine, a White House spokesperson, told the Post on Thursday. On Friday, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters, “Our view is that it is possible for Congress to carefully consider the details of this agreement and to review all the benefits associated with this agreement … without kicking the vote all the way to the lame-duck period.”
Recently, the Electronic Frontier Foundation also released a report on the dangers of the TPP. EFF writes:
Everything in the TPP that increases corporate rights and interests is binding, whereas every provision that is meant to protect the public interest is non-binding and is susceptible to get bulldozed by efforts to protect corporations.
The EFF's report offers “a list of communities who were excluded from the TPP deliberation process,” and examples of “the main ways that the TPP's copyright and digital policy provisions will negatively impact them.”
The NDP and Green Party shot down two Liberal government bills Monday as they prepare to overthrow Premier Christy Clark in a confidence vote this week.
The Liberals introduced a bill to ban union and corporate donations to political parties despite rejecting similar legislation introduced by the NDP six times since 2005.
article continues below
NDP and Green MLAs killed the bill immediately on introduction, outvoting the Liberals 44-42.
The NDP-Green alliance also quashed a surprise Liberal bill to give the Greens party status in the legislature.
It's first time in memory that a pair of government bills failed to make it past first reading, effectively barring them from even being described in the legislature, let alone debated.
Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver, who has signed an accord with the NDP to topple Clark, accused the premier of continuing to play “partisan games” when their first priority should be testing the confidence of the house rather than trying to pass legislation.
“In our view, it's not appropriate for us to be debating government business until such time as the confidence has been tested,” they said.
Weaver said the Liberals had 16 years to reform campaign finance laws and failed to do so.
They said the Greens have already stopped taking union and corporate donations and will be pleased to pass legislation to get big money out of B.C. politics once the Clark government faces a confidence vote.
NDP Leader John Horgan introduced a confidence motion on the throne speech Monday, but the Liberals refused to give unanimous consent for an immediate vote.
Instead, government house leader Mike de Jong said they expect the vote will take place late Thursday afternoon according to the rules that govern the legislature.
The NDP and Green Party agreed to vote against the Liberals in a confidence motion after none of the parties won a majority of seats in the May election. The Liberals have 43 seats to 41 for the NDP and three for the Greens.
If the Liberals fall, Lt.-Gov. Judith Guichon would have the option of calling an election or asking Horgan to form a minority government based on their agreement with the Greens.
In an attempt to stave off defeat, the Liberals delivered a throne speech last week that borrowed heavily from the NDP and Green campaign platforms by promising, among other things, to hike welfare rates, develop a poverty-reduction strategy and tie disability assistance rates to inflation.
Horgan and Weaver have dismissed the speech as a last-gasp attempt by the Liberals to hang onto power.
Horgan challenged Clark in the legislature Monday to immediately call a confidence vote, noting that it has been seven weeks since the election.
“When will they put the politics aside?“ they asked. “When will they say and concede that 44 is a larger number than 43? Let's have a vote. Let's have a confidence motion and put in place a government that will focus on the challenges people are facing right across B.C.”
Clark, however, urged the opposition parties to support the throne speech, saying that it contains ideas from all three parties.
“The road to stability is not to defeat the throne speech and to risk an election,” they warned. “The road to stability and the road to being able to make sure that government, working together in this legislature, can get on with the business in this house, is to support the throne speech and ensure we can keep the business of government going on.”
lkines@timescolonist.com
====================================================================================================================
Updated on 21st April 2017
We had 2 customers complaing that our mmcx connector does not fit se215~ since nobody else is having any similar prob, I will say for the time being, till we go with a new connector, I should not take any mmcx order for se215~ plz do not order~
those who have ordered~ plz do contact me~
for a refund (or replacement again at ur own risk, after the replacement)
Or if u have to try ur luck, you are trying it at ur own risk.
Updated on 14th March 2017
sorry about the guys~
As promised , this is the cable for he400i and most of the current hifiman cans (be sure if it is urs is the 2.5mm version, before u buy them plz)
the hd700 2.5mm one will work on most of these cans as well, but this new one is cheaper lol.
choose
2.5mm he400i pm1 6.35mm
accordingly ,if u wanna them.
2.5mm he400i pm1 xlr 4pin
Updated on 9th March 2017,
We are very serious about our product and our service.
Plz contact us within 7 days if you have any issue with ur orders on our cables.
Like always , we take good care of our own.
But you are on your own after these period, like anything from us,
they will last for ages if treated with basic care.
=================================================
Regarding the Basic Cable , u can find all ur answers that are going to be answered in this topic here in this post
https://www.facebook.com/groups/52vecn/permalink/1095015807242450/
All headphone cables are 1.2meter in length and u can order them in other length with extra fee, plz feel free to contact me at lee@veclan.com
ppl always ask me , what kind of cable it is
here is a detailed photo of Basic A
Basic B is just good copper (4n OFC, so I guess the picture is not that important lol)
NEW YORK -- Veteran journalist Mark Halperin is apologizing for what they term "inappropriate" behavior after five women claimed they sexually harassed them while they were a political director of ABC News.
The co-author of the best-selling book "Game Change" told CNN Wednesday night that he's "deeply sorry" and is taking a "step back" from day-to-day work as an analyst for NBC News to deal with the situation.
Later, NBC News said in a statement to CNN that Halperin is "leaving their role" at NBC News until "questions around their past conduct are fully understood."
"We find the story and the allegations very troubling," NBC News said.
Two other companies announced they were cancelling book and movie deals.
In their statement to CNN Wednesday night, Halperin said, "During this period, I did pursue relationships with women that I worked with, including some junior to me. I now understand from these accounts that my behavior was inappropriate and caused others pain."
Their statement came after CNN reported allegations that Halperin, 52, propositioned, fondled and pushed themselves against five women in the early 2000s while they were ABC News' political director.
The women, who asked to remain anonymous, said they didn't report Halperin's conduct because they feared retribution or were embarrassed.
Halperin says they pursued relationships, sometimes with junior co-workers, but CNN says they deny the groping allegations.
After the initial report by CNN, several more women came forward in the Washington Post with similar accounts.
Halperin had been signed to co-author a book with John Heilemann on the 2016 campaign, but the publisher Penguin Press said that "in light of the recent news" it has decided to cancel those plans.
HBO, which like CNN is owned by Time-Warner, released a statement saying it would no longer move forward with plans for a miniseries based on the book. "HBO has no tolerance for sexual harassment within the company or its productions," it said.
Showtime, which featured Halperin in the series "The Circus: Inside The Greatest Political Show on Earth," issued a statement suggesting the show's future was uncertain.
"During Mark's time working with us, we have not seen nor have there been allegations of any untoward behavior. We are aware of these reports and will continue to evaluate all options should we decide to move forward with another season of THE CIRCUS. There is no tolerance for sexual harassment within SHOWTIME and its productions," the channel said.
In another test of the constitutional separation of church and state, “God” is now an optional entity in the honor oath sworn to by cadets at the US Air Force Academy.
It's the latest in a series of episodes involving US service personnel, some of whom have felt pressured to exhibit a religiosity they do not hold too – including overt proselytizing by some chaplains and other senior officers.
When objections were raised to the “so help me God” phrase in the Air Force Academy's honor oath, academy officials quickly relented.
“Here at the Academy, we work to build a culture of dignity and respect, and that respect includes the ability of our cadets, Airmen and civilian Airmen to freely practice and exercise their religious preference – or not,” Academy Superintendent Lt. Gen. Michelle Johnson said in a statement. "So, in the spirit of respect, cadets may or may not choose to finish the Honor Oath with 'So help me God.'"
The full oath, which is a statement of the cadets' “Honor Code,” reads: "We will not lie, steal or cheat, nor tolerate among us anyone who does. Furthermore, I resolve to do my duty and to live honorably, so help me God."
The Honor Code, "We will not lie, steal or cheat, nor tolerate among us anyone who does," was formally adopted by the Academy's first graduating class of 1959, according to public affairs officer Maj. Brus E. Vidal. It is the minimum standard of conduct which cadets expect of themselves and their fellow cadets.
In 1984, following widespread allegations of cheating in a physics class, the Cadet Wing voted to add an oath for all cadets to take. It is administered to fourth class cadets (freshmen) when they are formally accepted into the Wing at the conclusion of Basic Cadet Training, says Maj. Vidal on the academy's website.
The issue was raised by the Military Religious Freedom Foundation, which is headed by Air Force Academy honor graduate and former military lawyer Michael Weinstein, whose two sons also are academy graduates.
The foundation, a civil rights and advocacy organization, has been involved in several high-profile cases challenging the US Defense Department over such issues as religious proselytizing and the presence of religious themes and practices in military units perceived as violating the US Constitution – particularly given a command structure in which subordinates feel pressured not to object.
“Weinstein has been accused of tilting at windmills in their struggles, but they scored a major victory in 2011, when the Air Force suspended a training course for nuclear missile launch officers that used Bible passages and religious imagery in a PowerPoint presentation about the ethics of war,” according to Defense News, a civilian publication. “Weinstein's public persistence continues to influence Pentagon religious policies, including new rules released in 2012 restricting the sale of Bibles adorned with military insignia.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Although cadets no longer are required to say “so help me God” as part of the Honor Oath – although they may – the academy continues to stress the importance of the Honor Code and oath.
"At the Air Force Academy, we produce Lieutenants for our Air Force and leaders for our Nation, so our focus here continues to be on developing leaders of character," General Johnson (the first woman to head the academy) said. "This all begins by living honorably. The Honor Code and Honor Oath reinforce this fundamental value.”
Dating back centuries, the names of our everyday colors have origins in the earliest known languages. According to linguists:
There was a time when there were no color-names as such . . . and that not very remote in many cases, when the present color-words were terms that could be used in describing quite different qualities [including] gay, lively, smart, dashy, loud, gaudy . . . dull, dead, dreary . . . tarnished, stained, spotted, dirty, smeared . . . faint, faded [and feeble].
Advertisement
As different societies developed names for colors, across the globe, isolated cultures went about naming the colors, but weirdly, they all generally did it in the same order. Called the hierarchy of color names, the order was generally (with a few exceptions): black, white, red, green, yellow, and blue with others like brown, purple and pink coming at various times afterward.
Recent research in this area has demonstrated that this hierarchy matches humans reaction to different frequencies in the visible spectrum; that is, the stronger our reaction to that color's frequency, the earlier it was named in the culture; or as Vittorio Loreto et al. put it:
The color spectrum clearly exists at a physical level of wavelengths, humans tend to react most saliently to certain parts of this spectrum often selecting exemplars for them, and finally comes the process of linguistic color naming, which adheres to universal patterns resulting in a neat hierarchy…
Advertisement
So, like other cultures, English words for the colors generally followed that same pattern, with black and white coming first, and purple, orange and pink coming last.
The Parents of Modern English
Although a number of the languages discussed in this article are self-explanatory, these three benefit from a brief description:
Proto-Indo-European (PIE) –Known as the common ancestor of all of the Indo-European (Europe, India, Iran and Anatolia) languages, it was spoken up to, perhaps, the 3rd or 4th millennium BC.
Advertisement
Proto-Germanic – A child of the PIE, Proto-Germanic (2000 BC-500 BC) was an ancestor of the Saxon, English, German (duh), Norse, Norwegian, Dutch, Danish, Icelandic, Faroese, Swedish, Gothic and Vandalic languages.
Old English – This early form of English, also sometimes called Anglo-Saxon, was used in England and Scotland from about 400 AD-1100 AD.
In addition, many of the words from these and other early languages are only assumed to have existed. In the study of the origin of words (etymology) these "presumed words" are generally marked with an asterisk (*). For convenience, they are referred to as "written" although it is doubtful that they ever were.
Advertisement
Black
Black derives from words invariably meaning the color black, as well as dark, ink and "to burn."
Originally meaning, burning, blazing, glowing and shining, in PIE it was *bhleg. This was changed to *blakkaz in Proto-Germanic, to blaken in Dutch and blaec, in Old English. This last word, blaec, also meant ink, as did blak (Old Saxon) and black (Swedish).
Advertisement
The color was called blach in Old High German and written blaec in Old English. One final meaning, dark (also blaec in Old English) derived from the Old Norse blakkr.
White
White began its life in PIE as *kwintos and meant simply white or bright. This had changed to *khwitz in Proto-Germanic, and later languages transformed it into hvitr (Old Norse), hwit (Old Saxon) and wit (Dutch). By the time Old English developed, the word was kwit.
Advertisement
Red
In PIE, red was *reudh and meant red and ruddy. In Proto-Germanic, red was *rauthaz, and in its derivative languages raudr (Old Norse), rod (Old Saxon) and rØd (Danish). In Old English, it was written to read.
Green
Meaning grow in PIE, it was *ghre. Subsequent languages wrote it grene (Old Frisian), graenn (Old Norse) and grown (Dutch). In Old English, it was grene and meant the color green as well as young and immature.
Advertisement
Yellow
Thousands of years ago, yellow was considered to be closely related to green, and in PIE it was *ghel and meant both yellow and green. In Proto-Germanic, the word was *gelwaz. Subsequent incarnations of German had the word as gulr (Old Norse), gel (Middle High German) and gelo (Old High German). As late as Old English, yellow was written geolu and geolwe
Blue
Blue was also often confused with yellow back in the day. The PIE word was *bhle-was and meant "light-colored, blue, blond yellow" and had its root as bhel which meant to shine. In Proto-Germanic, the word was *blaewaz, and in Old English, it was blaw.
Advertisement
English also gets some of its words from French, and blue is one of them. In Old French (one of the vulgar Latin dialects whose height was between the 9th and 13th centuries AD) blue was written bleu and blew and meant a variety of things including the color blue.
Brown
Derived from the Old Germanic for either or both a dark color and a shining darkness (brunoz and bruna),brown is a recent addition to our language. In Old English it was brun or brune, and its earliest known writing was in about 1000 AD.
Advertisement
Purple
This word also skipped the PIE and seems to have sprung up in the 9th century AD, in Old English aspurpul. Burrowed from the Latin word purpura, purple originally meant alternately, "purple color, purple-dyed cloak, purple dye . . . a shellfish from which purple was made . . . [and] splendid attire generally."
Orange
This color's name derives from the Sanskrit word for the fruit naranga. (Yes, the color orange was named after the fruit, not the other way around). This transformed into the Arabic and Persian naranj, and by the time of Old French to pomme d'orenge. It was originally recorded in English as the name of the color in 1512. Before then, the English speaking world referred to the orange color as geoluhread, which literally translates to "yellow-red."
Advertisement
Pink
One of the most recent colors to gain a name, pink was first recorded as describing the "pale rose color" in 1733. In the 16th century, pink was the common named to describe a plant whose petals had a variety of colors (Dianthus), and it originally may have come from a Dutch word of the same spelling that meant small.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy:
Melissa writes for the wildly popular interesting fact website TodayIFoundOut.com. To subscribe to Today I Found Out's "Daily Knowledge" newsletter, click here or like them on Facebook here. You can also check 'em out on YouTube here.
Advertisement
This post has been republished with permission from TodayIFoundOut.com.
In the 1970s Santa Cruz became the murder capital of the world, largely thanks to the efforts of two terrifying serial killers. Find out how these killings inspired THE LOST BOYS' bloody town of Santa Carla.
I imagine the early 70s on the central California coast were an amazing time. The hippie revolution lingered, the weed burned freely and the surf culture was king. Beautiful buzzed people paddled out to sea in Santa Cruz, named Surf City by Surfer Magazine, thanks to its impeccable waves.
But there's always darkness, and in Santa Cruz the darkness took the form of two psychos, working independently, who managed to kill over 20 people between them during 1972 and 1973. They didn't know each other, they never met, but they cut a swath of terror through the sunny peace of Santa Cruz.
One believed they were doing the Lord's work. Herbert Mullin, who claimed 13 victims, thought that the only reason California hadn't had the Big One earthquake was because the bloodshed in Vietnam had appeased God. By 1972 the war, which had claimed 58,000 American lives, was winding down, and Mullin feared the quake would come. They took it upon themselves to commit sacrifices in the name of the greater good.
Edmund Kemper was just evil. Their first victims were their grandparents; at age 14 they shot their grandmother dead at the kitchen table just to see what it would be like. When their grandfather got home they killed them as well, assuming grandpa would be mad about the murder. Kemper became active as a serial killer in 1972 and earned the nickname the Co-Ed Killer because they picked up young college students who were hitchhiking and did unspeakable things to them. They usually went hunting after a fight with their mother.
Kemper is very much the image of the creepy serial killer; weighing in at 300 pounds they had an IQ of 145. They had a stormy relationship with their mother. They buried one of their victims' heads in their mother's garden; talking to police later Kemper said they did it as a joke, because their mother “always wanted people to look up to her.” After fights with them they would pick up hitchhiking girls, drive them to the woods and murder them. They shot some, stabbed some and suffocated some. Then they would take the corpses home, cut off the heads, rape the heads and chop up the bodies. They took pictures of their hideous, inhuman crimes. They killed five girls. These are the names of their victims:
Mary Ann Pesce and Anita Lucchese, 18 years old.
Aiko Koo, 15 years old.
Cindy Schall, 19 years old.
Rosalind Thorpe, 24 years old, and Alice Liu, 23 years old.
These murders took place between May of 1972 and April of 1973, when they were finally apprehended after committing two more heinous murders. Kemper was never a suspect in the Co-Ed Killings; they hung out at a cop bar called the Jury Room and befriended detectives on the case who shared details of their investigation with him. Calculating and intelligent, Kemper was always a step ahead of the police. They only ended up in jail because they turned themselves in.
Meanwhile, Herbert Mullin was going very, very insane. If Kemper was the image of the calm, composed hunter, Mullin was a twitchy maniac. While popular and successful in high school, Mullin started falling apart not soon after, when their best friend was killed in a car crash. It seems likely that they were suffering from paranoid schizophrenia from their late teens and their abuse of speed and acid probably pushed them closer and closer to psychosis.
Mullin did time in a couple of mental hospitals, always checking themselves out. They might have seemed like another acid casualty to strangers - they had LEGALIZE ACID tattooed on their stomach - but in private they were doing really weird things, like burning the tip of their penis with a cigarette after meditating. By late 1972 they were fully cracked; hearing voices in their head (including that of their military man father) telling them only blood could stop the Big One, Mullin beat a homeless man to death with a base. They told police that the man had telepathically revealed themselves to be Jonah from the Bible, and asked to be sacrificed to save others.
Weeks later they committed their next murder, butchering hitchhiker Mary Guilfoyle. They actually dissected her, examining their insides like a medical student. The voices kept coming, though, and Mullin decided to confess their sins. On All Saint's Day, just a few days after, Mullin stumbled into a Catholic church in nearby Los Gatos. They hoped God would help them find the strength to stop murdering. Instead they ended up pulling out a hunting knife and stabbing the priest who heard their confession, Father Henri Tomei. Mullin ran from the church, leaving the priest bleeding to death in the confessional.
They couldn't get help from God, so Mullin turned to Uncle Sam. They next joined the Marines and actually passed their physical and mental exams. They ended up being turned away, though, after a background check revealed they had been arrested a number of times in the past due to their bizarre behavior (some of which was almost comical; for a time they started wearing a sombrero and adopted a Mexican accent). Convinced that it was hippies that were behind their troubles, Mullin decided to get revenge.
The man they focused on was Jim Gianera. Back in 1968 Gianera had sold Mullin some weed, and the lunatic believed that something in the weed had broken their brain. If Gianera had sold them bennies they would have been artist, Mullin believed. But that weed... that weed had ruined him. And so Mullin got a gun and went to Gianera's house, expecting to take revenge.
The only problem was that Gianera had long since moved. The new tenant, Kathy Francis, gave Mullin Gianera's new address, but they didn't know they were already doomed. The psycho went to the Gianera's home and killed Jim and their wife. Then they returned to Kathy's home and shot them and their two sons. They were 9 and 4*.
Mullin lucked out; Francis' husband, who was out of town, was a drug dealer. The authorities assumed the five murders were drug related, and nobody realized a serial killer was on the loose. Mary Guilfoyle's body hadn't even been found yet. Mullin had eight murders under their belt and nobody knew what was happening.
By now Santa Cruz was freaking out. The city was still reeling from the 1970 murder spree of John Linley Frazier, another bloodthirsty member of the Acid generation. Frazier, a totally fried acid casualty and environmentalist, murdered a local eye doctor who they perceived as hating hippies. They also killed the doctor's wife, their two children and their secretary. They left a creepy note at the scene, along with the five bodies floating in the pool:
"Halloween, 1970. Today World War III will begin, as bought to you by the People of the Free Universe. From this day forward, anyone and/or everyone or company of persons who misuses the natural environment or destroys same will suffer the penalty of death by the People of the Free Universe. I and my comrades from this day forth will fight until death or freedom against anyone who does not support natural life on this planet. Materialism must die, or Mankind will stop."
Frazier was captured a couple of days later, but Santa Cruz residents went on high alert. This was just a couple of years after the Manson killings down in Los Angeles, after all. Gun sales rose. And then two years later hitchhikers had been disappearing for a while, the victims of the Co-Ed Killer. In February Mary Guilfoyle's body was found. Other hitchhikers were being raped. Other murders were happening. Santa Cruz, the beautiful Surf City, was getting a reputation so bad even district attorney Peter Chang referred to it as ‘the murder capital of the world.'
Mullin was almost done, though. The day after Guilfoyle's body was found the voices started up again, demanding they kill someone. They went wandering in the redwoods and came upon four boys having a good time in a clearing off the beaten path. They had set up a temporary campsite, with a tent made of plastic. They invited Mullin to join them but they were angry. They claimed to be a park ranger, and told them they were polluting the park. They ordered them to leave. They wouldn't. They told police that they psychically asked them for permission, and once it was granted they shot them all dead. They were Brian Scott Card, David Oliker, Robert Spector, and Mark Dreibelbis. Dreibelbis was 15, the others were 18 and 19.
Mullin had been targeting young people, representatives of the Flower Power generation that they blamed for all their trouble. But their last victim would be a middle aged man who happened to just be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Three days after killing the boys Mullin received a psychic transmission from their father - do nothing else until you kill someone. And so Mullin got in their car, drove around and found Fred Perez, a retired prizefighter, weeding their garden. Mullin got out of their car, laid a rifle across the hood, and shot the man dead. They drove away, but not before a neighbor wrote down their license plate. Mullin was arrested not long after.
Cops say that final crime was a ‘catch me' crime, a desperate attempt to be stopped. When Mullin was arrested they wouldn't talk, chantin only ‘Silence' at officers. The police desperately tried to tie Mullin to the Co-ed Killings, but the styles were far too different; the decapitations of the hitchhikers were clean and careful. Mullin was impulsive. Even as Mullin pled guilty, they knew they still had another maniac on the loose.
That maniac was almost done as well. As Mullin was sitting in jail, Ed Kemper was preparing to commit their final crimes. Their previous murders had been seemingly motivated by their fights with their mother, and on Good Friday 1973 they beat their sleeping mother to death with a claw hammer. They cut off their head, sodomized it and then hung it on the wall, using it as a dart board. They pulled the vocal chords out of their mother's neck and tried to destroy them in the garbage disposal, but they were too tough and ruined the machinery.
"That seemed appropriate," they told police later, "as much as she'd bitched and screamed and yelled at me over so many years."
Their last victim was Sally Hallett, their mother's best friend. They called them over to the house; when they arrived they strangled them to death. Then they got in their car and drove out of Santa Cruz. They pulled over in Boulder Colorado and called the police. They wanted to confess to being the Co-Ed Killer, but the cops didn't take them seriously. They had to call back a few hours later and talk to a cop they knew from the Jury Room in order to be finally arrested.
Kemper pled not guilty by reason of insanity, but on November 8th, 1973 (the exact date of my birth) they were sentenced to life in jail. They asked for the death penalty, but California didn't have it at the time. Mullin was sentenced to life in jail as well, although he'll be up for parole in 2025.
Both men are alive today. Edmund Kemper sits in the prison at Vacaville, while Herbert Mullin rots in the Mule Creek State Prison. John Linley Frazier, the first component of what would later be called Santa Cruz' Triumverate of Evil, hung themselves in their prison cell in 2009.
These aren't the only terrible murders to happen in Santa Cruz. Years later the Trailside Killer would stalk the area, and to this day there are dozens upon dozens of missing persons reported in the area. The city's reputation as a great surf spot brings many rootless people, and drug culture continues to create an environment where the strange and disaffected move unseen through the sunny streets. People passing through may never make it back out of Santa Cruz, and bodies are still occasionally found in the mountains and forests nearby.
The Lost Boys' fictional Santa Carla was based on the bloody city, and Santa Cruz's boardwalk and bridges were used as filming locations. The murder capital of the world proves to be a great hiding spot for vampires, after all. As Bernard Hughes' Grandpa put it in that film,
“If all the corpses buried around here were to stand up all at once we'd have one hell of a population problem.”
* It's worth noting that the timeline isn't exactly clear. The police claim they returned to the Francis house to kill Kathy in order to remove a witness, but an FBI profiler believes that Mullin probably killed the Francis family before leaving to murder the Gianeras. The idea that they returned is important legally, as it takes those murders out of the insanity realm - they were pre-meditated, calculated killings done to protect themselves from getting in trouble.
It feels like the offseason has gone on for eons, and in fact, it's been more than two months. (The fact that we aren't even halfway to opening day is horrifying, and testifies to just how long spring training drags on.) It's been plenty long enough for teams to do whatever they need to do for 2017; if the season began next week, all the free agents would be signed, all the trades would have been made, and no one would have felt rushed. And indeed, almost all of the substantive offseason content is behind us; of the top twenty free agents on FanGraphs' list, eighteen have signed.
That means that the two who haven't signed stick out like a sore thumb, particularly #5: Jose Bautista, formerly of the Blue Jays, and also formerly one of MLB's premier offensive forces. But after a 2016 sapped by injuries and routine aging, he's looking like much less of a sure thing than they would have if they had hit the market a season or two earlier. Thanks to that decline, plus a market heavy on one-dimensional sluggers and some questionable tactics by their agent, Bautista is still without a team.
I don't want to prognosticate about what Bautista will eventually get, or cast judgment on whether they and their agent mishandled this offseason. What I want to do is look at other players who have been without a contract signed at the beginning of the year, and see if they got more or less than expected, using two very valuable tools: MLBTR's Transaction Tracker, and FanGraphs' contract crowdsourcings, which run back through the 2011–12 offseason.
I used the former to identify all players who signed during January, February, or March of a given offseason, and compared the actual dollar amount of their contract to the projected dollar amount from the latter. The fan projections tend to exhibit a fairly predictable bias; a comparison of the 2013–14 projected and actual contract values saw the crowd err on the high side by an average of 11% across the whole sample, but for players who were projected to sign or actually signed for more than $50m, the crowd was low by 24%, on average. That's worth keeping in mind, but this is less about identifying a precise margin between the prediction and the reality, and more about looking for a consistent, substantial difference (if one exists).
January–March Free Agent Signings, 2012–16 Name Date of signing Projected contract (millions) Actual contract (millions) Differential Name Date of signing Projected contract (millions) Actual contract (millions) Differential Prince Fielder 1/24/12 $136 $214 57% Max Scherzer 1/19/15 $168 $210 25% Chris Davis 1/16/16 $100 $161 61% Justin Upton 1/18/16 $120 $133 11% Wei-Yin Chen 1/12/16 $52 $80 54% Yoenis Cespedes 1/22/16 $132 $75 -43% James Shields 2/9/15 $90 $75 -17% Alex Gordon 1/6/16 $90 $72 -20% Ian Kennedy 1/16/16 $36 $70 94% Nick Swisher 1/3/13 $56 $56 0% Edwin Jackson 1/2/13 $36 $52 44% Matt Garza 1/26/14 $65 $50 -22% Ubaldo Jimenez 2/19/14 $44 $50 14% Michael Bourn 2/11/13 $70 $48 -31% Kyle Lohse 3/25/13 $52 $33 -37% Denard Span 1/7/16 $36 $31 -14% Rafael Soriano 1/15/13 $30 $28 -7% Gerardo Parra 1/12/16 $24 $28 15% Adam LaRoche 1/8/13 $36 $24 -33% Bronson Arroyo 2/12/14 $17 $24 41% Yovani Gallardo 2/24/16 $56 $22 -61% James Loney 1/3/14 $18 $21 17% Howie Kendrick 1/29/16 $52 $20 -62% A.J. Burnett 2/12/14 $27 $16 -42% Ervin Santana 3/12/14 $46 $14 -69% Dexter Fowler 2/25/16 $56 $13 -77% Francisco Rodriguez 2/26/15 $5 $13 160% Grant Balfour 1/23/14 $17 $12 -29% Antonio Bastardo 1/20/16 $8 $12 50% Edwin Jackson 2/2/12 $34 $11 -68% Hiroki Kuroda 1/14/12 $23 $10 -57% Lance Berkman 1/7/13 $8 $10 25% Carlos Villanueva 1/26/13 $12 $10 -17% Ryan Madson 1/11/12 $25 $9 -66% Colby Rasmus 1/20/15 $30 $8 -73% Ian Desmond 2/28/16 $60 $8 -87% Nelson Cruz 2/24/14 $27 $8 -70% Carlos Pena 1/20/12 $14 $7 -50% Doug Fister 1/28/16 $20 $7 -65% Joe Saunders 2/8/13 $16 $7 -56% Jason Hammel 2/13/14 $16 $6 -61% Mike Napoli 1/22/13 $36 $5 -86% Stephen Drew 1/7/15 $7 $5 -29% Aaron Harang 1/5/15 $6 $5 -17% Steve Pearce 1/21/16 $12 $5 -60% Austin Jackson 3/6/16 $30 $5 -83% Shaun Marcum 1/30/13 $20 $4 -80% Emilio Bonifacio 1/5/15 $10 $4 -60% Ryan Vogelsong 1/23/15 $7 $4 -43% Alexei Ramirez 1/14/16 $16 $4 -75% Joe Blanton 1/19/16 $4 $4 0% Juan Uribe 2/19/16 $16 $4 -75% Jesse Crain 1/3/14 $12 $3 -73% Luke Scott 2/6/13 $4 $3 -31% Mat Latos 2/9/16 $22 $3 -86% David Freese 3/11/16 $18 $3 -83% Chad Billingsley 1/29/15 $5 $2 -70% Ichiro Suzuki 1/23/15 $5 $2 -60% Kelly Johnson 1/6/16 $3 $2 -33% Travis Hafner 2/2/13 $5 $2 -60% Kelly Johnson 2/5/13 $12 $2 -80% Alex Gonzalez 2/6/13 $4 $2 -63% Kelly Shoppach 2/7/13 $3 $2 -50% Paul Maholm 2/8/14 $15 $2 -90% Rickie Weeks 2/11/15 $12 $2 -83% Tommy Hunter 2/12/16 $10 $2 -80% Alfredo Simon 3/17/16 $7 $2 -71% Delmon Young 1/22/13 $16 $1 -95% Josh Johnson 1/7/15 $5 $1 -80% Francisco Liriano 2/8/13 $14 $1 -93% Chris Young 3/28/14 $14 $1 -91% Chris Young 3/7/15 $5 $1 -87%
Summary Category Average Differential Category Average Differential Total -20% High-end -2% January -3% February -49% March -66%
The results fit the narrative, largely. In sum, this group signed for 20% less than projected, a bigger negative gap than the crowd has tended to display on all free agents collectively. The crowd did a remarkably good job of predicting the high-end free agents in the aggregate, with some big misses in both directions balancing each other out. When compared to the pool of free agents as a whole, where the high-end free agents beat their projected values by about 25% on average, the late-signers seem to take a big hit, failing to beat their projected values altogether.
The conclusion that suggests – that late signees make less money than their fast-moving counterparts – is supported by the monthly trend. While there are only seven March signers in the sample, the steady progression of less and less money than originally expected as the months turn over suggests that the longer a player remains unsigned, the worse their prognosis.
It's possible this indicates that players who wait to sign lose leverage, as the list of potential destinations grows shorter and shorter. I suspect, however, the causation arrow points in the other direction; that players don't make less money than expected because they sign late, but they sign late because the rest of MLB values them at less than expected. These players (and their agents) presumably have expectations of their own; we know Bautista did. If they're unsigned in January, February, or March, it's probably because they're slowly adjusting to the harsh reality that the market they expected never materialized.
And that would seem to fit Bautista's offseason, too. I suspect this isn't a strategic choice; I imagine they probably would have been much happier signing with a team back in December or November, but he's been waiting for a satisfactory offer, an offer that still hasn't come. They could always buck the trend, and snag a massive contract tomorrow, or on March 1st. But history suggests he's heading toward disappointment.
The government forced through the controversial digital economy bill with the aid of the Conservative party last night, attaining a crucial third reading – which means it will get royal assent and become law – after just two hours of debate in the Commons.
However it was forced to drop clause 43 of the bill, a proposal on orphan works which had been opposed by photographers. They welcomed the news: "The UK government wanted to introduce a law to allow anyone to use your photographs commercially, or in ways you might not like, without asking you first. They have failed," said the site set up to oppose the proposals.
But despite opposition from the Liberal Democrats and a number of Labour MPs who spoke up against measures contained in the bill and put down a number of proposed amendments, the government easily won two votes to determine the content of the bill and its passage through the committee stage without making any changes it had not already agreed.
Tom Watson, the former Cabinet Office minister who resigned in mid-2009, voted against the government for the first time in the final vote to take the bill to a third reading. However the vote was overwhelmingly in the government's favour, which it won by 189 votes to 47.
Earlier the government removed its proposed clause 18, which could have given it sweeping powers to block sites, but replaced it with an amendment to clause 8 of the bill. The new clause allows the secretary of state for business to order the blocking of "a location on the internet which the court is satisfied has been, is being or is likely to be used for or in connection with an activity that infringes copyright".
The Liberal Democrat MP John Hemming protested that this could mean the blocking of the whistleblower site Wikileaks, which carries only copyrighted work. Stephen Timms for the government said that it would not want to see the clause used to restrict freedom of speech – but gave no assurance that sites like Wikileaks would not be blocked.
Don Foster, the Liberal Democrats' spokesperson for culture, media and sport, protested that the clause was too wide-ranging: "it could apply to Google," they complained, adding that its inclusion of the phrase about "likely to be used" meant that a site could be blocked on its assumed intentions rather than its actions.
The Lib Dem opposition to that amendment prompted the first vote - known as a division – on the bill, but the Labour and Conservative whips pushed it through, winning it by 197 votes to 40. The next 42 clauses of the bill were then considered in five minutes.
Numerous MPs complained that the bill was too important and its ramifications too great for it to be pushed through in this "wash-up" period in which bills are not given the usual detailed examination.
However the government declined to yield – although it had already done a deal with the Tories which meant that a number of its provisions, including clause 43 and the creation of independent local news consortia, would not be part of the bill.
Ghana Announces Ban on Skin Lightening Products from August
Ghana's Food and Drug Authority has banned the sale of any kind of cosmetics containing skin bleaching ingredient hydroquinone from August. Hydroquinone has the potential to cause cancer, and Ghana is trying to discourage the use of products containing it.
FDA spokesperson James Lartey told Ghana Star, “Concerning skin lightening products, we are saying that from August 2016, all products containing hydroquinone will not be allowed into the country. From 2016, the acceptance for skin lightening products is going to be zero.”
Dazed reports that around 30% women in Ghana use skin lightening products like Fair & Lovely, with rates being way higher in other African nations, like Nigeria (77%) and Senegal (52-67%).
The predilection towards fairer skin is not an uncommon phenomenon in India, where skin lightening products are marketed to women to make them more "attractive," leading to a notion that fairer skin is equal to beautiful and successful. This focus on fairer skin goes way back to colonial times when the rulers were white, therefore fairer, and has roots in racism as well.
Well done, Ghana, for banning skin lightening products that only harm consumers. India, are you listening?
Feature Image Source: Essence
Greenpeace offices raided by federal police
Updated
Greenpeace says its Sydney headquarters have been raided and shutdown by the Australian Federal Police (AFP) following last week's destruction of a trial wheat crop in Canberra.
Last Thursday Greenpeace activists scaled the fences of a CSIRO experimental farm at Ginninderra in the capital's north and destroyed a crop of genetically modified wheat with brush-cutters.
The crop was to be used in the first human trials in Australia.
Greenpeace says it took the dramatic action because of concerns over health, cross-contamination and the secrecy surrounding the experiments.
The CSIRO maintains the experiment, which did not introduce any new genes to the plants, was safe.
Greenpeace says the AFP raided its offices just before midday Thursday.
Police seized evidence as part of their investigation into allegations of trespassing and damaging property.
Greenpeace's head of campaigns, Steve Campbell, says no arrests were made.
"We cooperated with police and will continue to assist them in their investigation, but we will also also continue to work on our campaign to bring a spotlight on genetically modified wheat in Australia," they said.
"A couple of people did speak to the police yesterday and they've identified themselves to the police, but no arrests have been made at this stage."
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, police, sydney-2000, australia, act, canberra-2600, nsw
First posted
An elementary school teacher in South Carolina was leading their class in recitations of the Pledge of Allegiance and the National Anthem. But they're kids. They don't know all the words yet. So they decided to help them out by printing the words/lyrics for them.
Can you see the problem with this? Because one student's mother sure as hell did, and they told Fox News' Todd Starnes:
Jessica Andrews could not believe their eyes. “It was like an ‘Oh my gosh' type of feeling,” the mother of six from Aiken, South Carolina told me. … “It didn't have ‘under God',” they said.
Turns out the teacher didn't do it on purpose. They just found the words online and copy/pasted them into a document for the kids. I know that because that's what they said.
But Starnes isn't buying it.
Ah yes — the old “cut and paste” will get you every time. … “I do apologize,” the teacher wrote. “Please forgive me. I respect our country and what it was founded on.” … Jessica told me they used the incident as a life lesson for their little girl. “I told them the government and a lot of people don't like God,” they said. “Some people are offended by Christianity. I try to be as real with my kids about their faith as I can be. I don't want to sugarcoat everything.” We need more moms like Jessica Andrews. Thanks to their eagle eye they were able to facilitate change at Chukker Creek Elementary School.
Note that Starnes never mentions that the Pledge didn't have the words “Under God” in it until 1954 — and never considers the possibility that the teacher obtained these words from a website referring to an older version of the Pledge. If they it is aware of the Pledge's history, he's certainly not reminding their readers of that fact, because it would destroy their narrative that godless activists are out to destroy Christianity. He's either completely ignorant or willfully deceitful. (In their case, I suppose it could be both…)
This is why they shouldn't be trusted. He's a “journalist” who already knows the conclusion before they do their research. And he'll never let the facts get in the way of telling their pre-written stories.
(Thanks to Brian for the link)
Actor Michael Sheen said they are giving up Hollywood to focus on fighting the rise of the far-right populism in Britain and beyond, they told the U.K.'s The Times Magazine.
“In the same way as the Nazis had to be stopped in Germany in the Thirties, this thing that is on the rise has to be stopped,” Sheen told The Times. “Once I'm in, I'm fully in, and this is big. It will be a big change for how people relate to me.”
Sheen, who is at the height of their acting career, is apparently willing to give it up to dedicate themselves to political activism and to opposing demagogues and fascists. The “Passengers” star told The Times that they are moving back to Wales to start grassroots organizing.
Also Read: Michael Rapaport Blasts Alt-Right as 'Nazi C--suckers,' 'Racist Pricks'
Sheen is known for a variety of hits including “Frost/Nixon,” “The Queen,” “Midnight in Paris,” “Kingdom of Heaven” and “Nocturnal Animals.” They also starred in the TV series “Masters of Sex.”
Sheen told The Times that they plan to “work less than an actor, and possibly stop … for the time being.” They told the publication that they are not currently signed up for any future acting projects. They eventually cleared their stance on Twitter.
Before this gets ridiculous I said I'm thinking I might start acting less and maybe even stop for a while at some point but don't know yet. — michael sheen (@michaelsheen) December 17, 2016
Sheen has lived in Los Angeles for the past 14 years, according to The Guardian. However, they are from the steel port town of Port Talbot in Wales, an area that mostly voted for Brexit in the June referendum, a decision that the actor doesn't agree with.
Also Read: Chris Pratt Bares All in 'Passengers,' Keeps Promise to Become Male Sex Object
“How can I be most effective?” Sheen told The Times. “What am I going to do?”
Donald Trump's shocking victory over Hillary Clinton in the presidential election pushed Sheen's decision to head home and fight for what they believe in. They told The Times, “It started with a connection to something, and an idea of why I wanted to do it. How I was going to do it emerged over time and was a lot to do with listening rather than telling.”
Sheen has also been in the political forefront on-camera, having portrayed former Prime Minister of the U.K. Tony Blair three times: the TV movie “The Deal,” followed by “The Queen” (starring Helen Mirren as Elizabeth II) and “The Special Relationship,” about Blair's firm ties with then-President Bill Clinton.
AMD recently revealed the complete lineup of RX branded Radeon graphics cards and I thought it was about time to post some more 3D Mark benches of the RX 470 including crossfire results. The RX 470 has already seen some 3DMark benchmarks before but we are going to be throwing in crossfire results this time as well. The Radeon RX 470 is based on the cut version of the Polaris 10 GPU, specifically the variant we know as 67DF:C4.
The Radeon RX 470 graphics card targets the VR minimum spec at a sub $200 price point
The benchmarks that you see here have been collected through searching the 3DMark database for the specific GPU in question. However, many of these are quite old and will undoubtedly represent drivers in their early and unfinished state. Instead of handpicking the benchmarks by ourselves, I will be posting all the ones we found over here so readers can go through it at their leisure. I can tell you this though: the Radeon RX 470 targets the VR minimum spec (and succeeds at it!). Considering that this card will be priced (MSRP) under the $200 mark, probably around $150, this card will offer absolutely insane value and bring VR gaming one step closer to the reach of mainstream PC gamers.
As you can see from the single card benchmarks, the RX 470 is on average 4000-5000 points behind the RX 480 which averages a graphics score of around 18000 (with P-Scores ranging around 14500 points). This is something that is quite expected, considering both have the Polaris 10 chip (with the RX 470 housing the cut version with slightly less SP cores). If we are looking at 64 SPs to a single CU ratio that AMD has used in the past then the RX 470 could have SPs in the 2048 range. Since the full Polaris 10 GPU has 36 CUs that would put the RX 480 at a cool 2304 SPs. However, there have been instances in the past where AMD has hinted that it might not be sticking with the 64 SP to 1 CU ratio this time around, so until the official numbers are out, the exact count remains suspect.
Here is the best thing however, the RX 470 manages to score the minimum VR spec across all the samples we came across. The minimum number we saw was in 13000 points range with overall P-Score around 12000 (which is the minimum VR spec in the 3D Mark 11 benchmark). On the last few runs however, the graphics figures shot as as 16000! Due to the fact that AMD has had time to refine drivers, we believe that the 16000 figure is a much more accurate representation of the performance the RX 470 will give when it finally hits the shelves.
AMD RX 470 Dual Crossfire Benchmarks
We also found dual crossfire benchmarks for the AMD RX 470 with the combined setup reaching an impressive 24000 points worth of graphics score and 16000 p-score (which is just shy of the 4K mark as denoted by the 3DMark 11 database). Most of the other dual GPU benchmarks on the 3DMark database right now did not have CrossFire enabled and this number could very well be an initial performance figure with early drivers.
RX 470 2x CrossFire Benchmark @ 3DMark11: 24070 Graphics Score
The Radeon RX 470 is shaping up to offer even more value than the RX 480 considering it will be able to offer solid gaming performance to a market segment that is usually quite neglected. Since the RX 480 has an MSRP of $200, it goes without saying that we are looking at a price range of somewhere around the $150-$160 mark. Putting a VR capable GPU in the hands of gamers in exchange for just $150 is an absolutely huge deal. It actually means that AMD has started paying attention to the niche that are usually served as a second thought by these IHVs. This strategy by AMD is in-line with its aim to expand the Total Available Market for VR, and at odds with the strategy Nvidia follows.
AMD Radeon RX 400 Series Lineup
Graphics Card Name AMD Radeon RX 480 AMD Radeon RX 470 AMD Radeon RX 460 Graphics Core Polaris 10 XT Polaris 10 Pro Polaris 11 Process Node 14nm FinFET 14nm FinFET 14nm FinFET Die Size TBD TBD TBD Transistors TBD TBD TBD Stream Processors 2304 SPs 2048 SPs? 1024 SPs Clock Frequency 1266 MHz TBD TBD Compute Performance 5.5 TFLOPs ~5 TFLOPs ~2 TFLOPs VRAM 4/8 GB GDDR5 4/8 GB GDDR5 2/4 GB GDDR5 Bus Interface 256-bit 256-bit 128-bit Memory Speed 8 GHz 7 GHz 7 GHz? Memory Bandwidth 256 GB/s 224 GB/s 112 GB/s TDP 150W 110W Launch Date June 2016 June 2016 June 2016 Launch Price $199 US (4 GB)
$239 US+ (8 GB) $149 US? (4 GB)
$179 US+? (8 GB) $99 US (2 GB)
$129 US+? (4 GB)
On Tuesday's CBS This Morning, co-host Charlie Rose provided viewers with a mere 30-second news brief on Secretary of State John Kerry sparking a "storm of criticism" by claiming that Israel would become an "apartheid state" if it did not accept a two-state solution with Palestine: "Secretary of State John Kerry's backtracking after controversial comments about Israel....Kerry released a statement last night saying, quote, 'If I could rewind the tape, I would have chosen a different word.' Kerry says he's been a staunch supporter of Israel for years.'" [Listen to the audio]
That quick mention of the controversy was far more than NBC or ABC provided. Both networks have continued to ignore the story that first broke on Sunday.
On This Morning, Rose also noted some of the political pressure brought to bear on Kerry: "The pro-Israel lobby group AIPAC calls their comments offensive. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor believes Kerry should apologize."
However, Rose failed to highlight Democrats like California Senator Barbara Boxer, Alaska Senator Mark Begich and New York Congresswoman Nita Lowry all condemning the remarks as well.
All three network evening newscasts skipped Kerry's rant on Monday night.
Here is a full transcript of the April 27 This Morning report:
NEW DELHI: Justice C S Karnan of the Madras High Court, who courted controversy by staying the CJI's order transferring them to Calcutta High Court, today admitted that they had issued an "erroneous" order due to their "mental frustration resulting in the loss of their mental balance."
In a letter to the Chief Justice of India and two Supreme Court judges - Justices J S Khehar and R Banumathi- Justice Karnan claimed they were "disturbed" due to various incidents where they were "ridiculed" by some judges due to which they were frustrated.
"On February 15, 2016, I had sent an erroneous order due to my mental frustration resulting in loss of mental balance since I was disturbed through various incidents," Justice Karnan said.
In their letter, they also said that "hereafter, I will still continue to foster a harmonious attitude to one and all, and will appreciate your kind reciprocation and oblige."
They gave two instances of harrassment and "ridicule" against them to buttress their point and said they had sent a complaint to the Chairman of National Commission of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and other high dignitaries three years ago.
The media had reported the incident and "urged me to reveal the names of the Judges who indulged in such ugly pranks but I refused to do so only to uphold the sanctity of the judiciary and also maintain communal harmony," they said.
Justice Karnan had on February 15 stayed their transfer order, a development which took place after the apex court had asked the Chief Justice of Madras High Court not to assign any judicial work to him.
The same day the apex court had suspended Justice Karnan's order and made it clear that all administrative and judicial orders passed by them after the issuance of proposal of their transfer from Madras High Court to Calcutta High Court shall remain stayed till further orders.
The apex court had passed the directions on an application moved by the Registrar of Madras High Court, who is also private secretary to the Chief Justice, seeking an order to restrain Justice Karnan from doing any judicial work.
The Austrian city of Linz is tackling its Nazi past as it prepares to become Europe's capital of culture in 2009, the BBC's Bethany Bell reports. Hitler had planned a grand theatre and even an Adolf Hitler Hotel in Linz Adolf Hitler had ambitious plans for Linz, the city where they grew up. They wanted to make the town on the Danube into one of the five Fuhrer cities of the Third Reich, along with Berlin, Hamburg, Nuremberg and Munich. Linz is now examining this page of its past in an exhibition called the Fuhrer's Capital of Culture. Martin Heller, the artistic director of Linz 2009, says there was an obligation to tackle the city's Nazi history. "We want to reflect back and show how cultural and political ambitions went together in the Nazi time," they say. "Talking about culture always means talking about politics." 'Treading fine line' During the Nazi era, Linz was transformed from a small town into an industrial city, but Hitler's ambitions for their hometown went far beyond that. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement Exhibits at the Castle Museum show some of the detailed designs commissioned by Hitler: A series of grandiose buildings, including a monumental theatre, an opera house and an Adolf Hitler Hotel, all surrounded by huge boulevards and a parade ground. Few of these extravagant plans were realised, but the fantasy stayed with Hitler right up to their final days in the Berlin bunker in 1945. Photographs in the exhibition show Hitler poring over intricate models of the city. I am upset by the delusional madness of these plans. It would have been a catastrophe
Heinz, visitor On display are plans and diagrams, but the organisers - who are concerned not to encourage nostalgia for the Nazi regime - have not recreated the models, which are believed to have been burnt in 1945. However, there are some items that are not often on display, including some Nazi propaganda material and portraits of Hitler. The director of the Upper Austrian State Museums, Peter Assmann, acknowledges the exhibit treads a fine line, but they reject charges of glorifying Hitler's memory. "I don't see any glorification of Hitler in the exhibition. Hitler is fact, so we just face this fact and we face it with many arguments, with a lot of information about that time." "People walk through the exhibition and they get impulses for discussion," Mr Assmann says. 'Missed chance' The high point of Hitler's Linz was to be a huge art museum to rival galleries like the Louvre or the Uffizi. The organisers say they want to spark a debate about Linz's Nazi past It was to be filled with artworks looted across Europe by the Nazis from museums and private collections, many of them Jewish. Historian Tina Walzer is concerned that the exhibition has not tackled this subject in enough detail. "The Nazis looted art from all over Europe, from France, from the Netherlands, from Poland, from Italy, from Austria, from Hungary, gathering this huge mass of very valuable paintings, but you don't see any of this in the exhibition and I think that is a pity." "This is a missed chance," Ms Walzer says. While the first part of the exhibition focuses on Hitler's cultural and political planning for Linz, the second part looks at the impact of National Socialism on art, music and literature in the region. It explores the cult of Anton Bruckner and shows costumes from productions of operas by Richard Wagner and operettas by Franz Lehar - favourites with Hitler. For some local visitors, confronting the past can be unsettling. "I am upset by the delusional madness of these plans. It would have been a catastrophe. The culture that is encouraged now is free - the culture back then was dictatorship," says Heinz, after visiting the exhibition with their wife. Ingrid, who was a child in Linz during the Third Reich, says the exhibition reflects their own memories of the period. "I found the exhibition to be very informative and correct. It objectively shows the period as it was back then, because up to now many inaccuracies have been put about." The organisers say they want to spark debate, but more than 60 years on, Hitler's legacy is still a very difficult and sensitive topic.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Among the many alternative cryptocurrencies, or altcoins, that exist today, few have been around for as long and done as well as Litecoin. Created by former Google employee and Director of Engineering at Coinbase Charlie Lee, Litecoin was among the earliest forks of the Bitcoin Core client when it was launched in October 2011. The creators of this blockchain-based altcoin define it as ‘a peer-to-peer internet currency that enables instant, near-zero cost payments to anyone in the world.' Since Litecoin is based on Bitcoin's open source codebase it shares several features with the latter. Hence, many have been under the misconception that it is a mere clone that has no value of its own to offer. But that's not entirely true.
Litecoin v Bitcoin. What's the difference?
The launch of Bitcoin as an open source software gave developers the opportunity to fork the original codebase and add whatever features they wanted; thereby creating a new cryptocurrency. And that's precisely what Charlie Lee did. Even before it was three-years-old, Bitcoin was being bogged down by a few pestering problems. Among them, the most constant were the long transaction times and the mining of bitcoins being skewed in the favour of mining conglomerates. Recognising the market potential of a cryptocurrency that solves these problems, Charlie Lee came up with Litecoin.
The first problem Litecoin addressed was transaction time. While the Bitcoin network processes a block every 10 minutes, Litecoin does it every 2.5 minutes. This four-fold increase in block generation results in quicker transactions and enables the network to handle higher transaction volumes while scaling. Litecoin also has a maximum supply of 84 million tokens (four times that of Bitcoin's) of which 54.26 million are currently in circulation. While it may seem like the network will soon run out of new coins, analysts predict that this will happen only around 2142. And that's considering the current mining difficulty rate.
The second major difference between Litecoin and Bitcoin is in the Proof-of-Work algorithms they use. While Bitcoin uses the processor-intensive SHA256 algorithm, Litecoin makes use of the memory-intensive scrypt algorithm. In its nascent stages, Bitcoin could be mined by CPUs and GPUs. However, as competition in the network increased, specially-built FPGA and ASIC devices - with vast processing capabilities, had to be used to mine bitcoins. And since these devices are expensive and require large amounts of electricity to operate, those who could afford to run them quickly monopolised the Bitcoin mining community.
To prevent the same from happening with Litecoin, Charlie decided to adopt the scrypt algorithm instead. Scrypt was specifically designed to make it difficult and expensive for processor-intensive devices to mine Litecoin. It does so by requiring large amounts of memory, something which ASIC miners and the like are short on. So miners with several ASIC miners can't mine Litecoin efficiently and hence can't control more of the network. This makes the cryptocurrency more accessible to everyone and thereby contributes to a more decentralised system.
The rise of Litecoin
While cryptocurrencies are meant to be decentralised, the absence of a leader, like in the case of Bitcoin, makes it difficult for the community to progress. Meanwhile, Litecoin has taken the lead on implementing technological upgrades courtesy of its dynamic and vocal leader. With Charlie explaining why and how making certain upgrades are important to the network, the community is more cooperative and understanding on their path to realising Litecoin's vision.
In 2017, for example, Charlie aggressively pushed the Litecoin community to support an upgrade called Segregated Witness (SegWit). This soft-fork has several features one among which is the promising Lighting Network (LN). The Lightning Network, which is still in the testing phase, addresses the issues of scalability, transaction fees, and interoperability (between LTC and BTC). It also makes it possible to run lightweight LN clients that outsource monitoring of the blockchain. All this means that BTC and LTC transactions will be quicker, cheaper, and more risk-averse in the future.
Due to its ease and speed of transacting, Litecoin is already among the most accepted cryptocurrencies around the world. Nearly all cryptocurrency exchanges and several retail shops and eCommerce platforms have begun accepting LTC as payment which has made it the fourth highest-valued cryptocurrency.
On 1 January 2017, Litecoin had a price of $4.36 and a market capitalisation of around $214.15 million. Today, 12 December 2017, one LTC costs $245 and its market cap stands at a whopping $13.32 billion. One can attribute this meteoric rise to the general performance of the cryptocurrency market this year. While Bitcoin is the one making all the waves for its incredulous price increases, other altcoins like Litecoin, Monero, IOTA, and NEO have risen in value along with it. Another factor that boosted this market is the improving acceptance of cryptocurrencies in countries like Japan, South Korea, and Switzerland. And when it comes to acceptability, Litecoin is right up there next to Bitcoin and Ether.
It is widely believed that the rise in cryptocurrency prices is nothing but a bubble that is due to pop soon. And if that does happen, only those coins which offer useful features and are easily usable will survive the market crash.
Click here to find out everything you ever wanted to know about Bitcoin, Ethereum, other cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology, ICOs, and more.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The rising numbers of swine flu cases mean trying to contain the virus is no longer an option, the government says. Ministers said the emergency response would now move to a new "treatment" phase across the UK as there may soon be 100,000 new cases a day. It means anti-flu drugs will no longer be given to the close contacts of those infected nor will lab testing be done to confirm cases. The move has been made to relieve the pressure on the health service. The announcement, which comes into effect immediately, has long been expected. It does not mean the pandemic virus is becoming more deadly, just that it can no longer be contained. WHAT DOES NEW PHASE MEAN? The so-called treatment phase is effectively an acknowledgement that the virus can no longer be contained Many people reporting symptoms will no longer be tested to relieve the pressure on the health service Instead, if they have uncomplicated symptoms drugs will be arranged for them and they will be told to stay at home GPs have been given the discretion not to prescribe anti-flu drugs
Swine flu vaccine in Europe When people are displaying symptoms, they should contact the NHS by phone, the government said. If doctors believe the person is suffering from swine flu they will be told to stay at home and be given a voucher which a friend or family member can take to a drug collection point, such as a pharmacy. But GPs will have the discretion not to prescribe anti-viral drugs. Some experts believe the drugs should just be targeted at the most vulnerable as the virus is quite mild and overuse can lead to resistance. Ministers rejected this option, but said doctors may want to limit use in certain situations such as where patients are suffering milder symptoms. The need for lab testing had already been lifted in several hotspots, such as London and Glasgow. But the rest of the UK had been operating a containment strategy, which meant cases had to be confirmed and drugs were also offered to close contacts in a bid to prevent flu developing. It also led the closure of several schools. This will still be an option under the new phase, but shut downs will not be routine. Andy Burnham, the health secretary in England, said: "The national focus will be on treating the increasing numbers affected by swine flu. "Cases are doubling every week and on this trend we could see over 100,000 cases per day by the end of August." 'Worthwhile' But they said the attempts to contain the virus had been worthwhile. "Our efforts during the containment phase have given us precious time to learn more about the virus." I should stress that this is not a sign that the virus is getting more virulent. It is an admission that the spread of the virus can no longer be contained
Fergus Walsh
BBC medical correspondent
Read Fergus's blog in full They confirmed vaccines should be available from next month, with 60m doses available by the end of this year.- enough for 30m people. Enough vaccine to cover the whole UK population is in order. Scottish Health Secretary Nicola Sturgeon announced similar changes to the flu strategy at a simultaneous briefing in Edinburgh. They said: "We've always said it would be impossible to limit the spread of what is a contagious virus indefinitely." There have been more than 7,000 confirmed cases in the UK since the first outbreak in April. In England, 458 more cases were reported on Thursday. Three people have died, but all had underlying health problems. However, it is thought there will have been a number of people who did not get a formal diagnosis because their symptoms were so mild. Both the Tories and the Liberal Democrats backed the move to the new phase but both parties expressed concerns that not all parts of the government's pandemic plan - including the dedicated flu helpline - were in place. The announcement comes as a survey by London's Institute of Psychiatry finds the public's response to swine flu has been "muted". A poll of 1,000 adults, published online by the British Medical Journal, found only 24% were anxious about the outbreak with only 2% reporting "high anxiety". Three quarters said they had not changed the frequency with which they washed their hands, despite this being one of the core messages of the public health campaign. However the researchers say their findings suggest it is better to keep the public as informed as possible in order to maximise the chance they will make changes to their behaviour. What do you think? Read some of your comments
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill and Jesse Eisenberg finally got some recognition for their work in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, but maybe not the kind they were looking for.
All three actors took home Razzie Awards for their performances in last year's DC blockbuster, with Eiesenberg crowned the Worst Supporting Actor of the year for their portrayal of Lex Luthor. Affleck and Cavill beat out stiff competition to take home the award for Worst Screen Combo, and the movie itself took home two awards for Worst Screenplay and Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-Off or Sequel.
Batman v Superman did not, however, take home the top prize for Worst Picture, losing out to Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party.
The Razzie Awards — otherwise known as the Golden Raspberry Awards — began in 1981 with the intention to celebrate the worst films of the year. The awards are announced every year on the eve of the Oscars, film's biggest award show night.
Neither Affleck, Cavill nor Eisenberg have said anything about their awards, but the teasing surrounding Batman v Superman since before the film was even released has been widely reported on. Affleck reportedly told people they felt humiliated by the reception the film got. Since the release of Batman v Superman, Affleck has dropped out of writing and directing their own stand-alone Batman movie for Warner Bros.
The full list of Razzie recipients can be seen below.
Worst Picture:
WINNER: Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party
Nominees:
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Dirty Grandpa
Gods of Egypt
Independence Day: Resurgence
Zoolander No. 2
Worst Actor:
WINNER: Dinesh D'Souza [as Himself] Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party
Nominees:
Ben Affleck / Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Gerard Butler / Gods of Egypt & London Has Fallen
Henry Cavill / Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Robert De Niro / Dirty Grandpa
Ben Stiller / Zoolander 2
Worst Actress:
WINNER: Becky Turner [as Hillary Clinton] Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party
Nominees:
Megan Fox / Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows
Tyler Perry / Boo! A Madea Halloween
Julia Roberts / Mother's Day
Naomi Watts / Divergent Series: Allegiant & Shut-In
Shailene Woodley / Divergent Series: Allegiant
Worst Supporting Actress:
WINNER: Kristen Wiig / Zoolander 2
Nominees:
Julianne Hough / Dirty Grandpa
Kate Hudson / Mother's Day
Aubrey Plaza / Dirty Grandpa
Jane Seymour / Fifty Shades of Black
Sela Ward / Independence Day: Resurgence
Worst Supporting Actor:
WINNER: Jesse Eisenberg / Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Nominees:
Nicolas Cage / Snowden
Johnny Depp / Alice Through the Looking Glass
Will Ferrell / Zoolander 2
Jared Leto / Suicide Squad
Owen Wilson / Zoolander 2
Worst Screen Combo
WINNER: Ben Affleck & Their BFF (The Baddest Foe Forever) Henry Cavill / Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Nominees:
Any 2 Egyptian Gods or Mortals / Gods of Egypt
Johnny Depp & Their Vomitously Vibrant Costume / Alice Through the Looking Glass
The Entire Cast of Once Respected Actors / Collateral Beauty
Tyler Perry & That Same Old Worn Out Wig / Boo! A Madea Halloween
Ben Stiller and Their BFF (Barely Funny Friend) Owen Wilson / Zoolander 2
Worst Director
WINNER: Dinesh D'Souza and Bruce Schooley / Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party
Nominees:
Roland Emmerich / Independence Day: Resurgence
Tyler Perry / Boo! A Madea Halloween
Alex Proyas / Gods of Egypt
Zack Snyder / Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Ben Stiller / Zoolander 2
Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-Off or Sequel
WINNER: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice: Dawn of Justice
Nominees:
Alice Through the Looking Glass
Fifty Shades of Black
Independence Day: Resurgence
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows
Zoolander 2
Worst Screenplay
WINNER: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Nominees:
Dirty Grandpa
Gods of Egypt
Hillary's America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party
Independence Day: Resurgence
Suicide Squad
Barry L. Bumstead Award (for the movie that lost a lot and cost a lot)
Misconduct (cost $11 million and made $15,150)
Razzie Redeemer Award
Before the police denied that charges were being dropped in Yoochun‘s sexual assault case, for the brief moment it was thought the alleged victim was dropping the charges, their fans went absolutely nuts. Almost immediately they started posting up all the info they had on the alleged victim in some kind of quest for revenge for oppa or something, and while that started with the Korean fandom, it was definitely trickling down to the international fandom in a big way.
While the doxxing (especially prematurely) is disgusting no matter what, to make matters even worse, they didn't even have the correct person to begin with.
EVERYONE. PLEASE STOP SPREADING Them PHOTO. IT'S NOT Them SHE'S NOT THE ONE WHO FILED THE CASE AGAINST YOOCHUN. pic.twitter.com/ZRuw9zq2Tt — リア (@paulisteu) June 14, 2016
Besides this, I had seen their name being thrown about and some even resorted to posting an address where they supposedly live. So yeah.
Why … why do fandoms do this?
There's a time and place to play amateur detective, but that has to stop at stuff that can be played off as for laughs. Trying to out an alleged victim of sexual assault so you and your friends can harass them is definitely not something to be involved in, especially because I'm pretty sure that's illegal.
Seriously, get a grip, kiddos.
Two days ago we reported that Samsung's preparing to launch a gorgeous ‘Glossy Black' variant of the Galaxy S7 edge to rival the recently-launched Jet Black iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus — and now we're getting our first proper look at the handset from all angles.
Expected to hit the shelves next month, the ‘Glossy Black' hue is almost identical to the Black Onyx colorway that debuted on board the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge back in March. However, instead of having a matte finish, it's coated with a shiny layer of paint.
As I'm sure you'd agree, it looks absolutely fantastic. We're not entirely sure if it'll be prone to scratching like the iPhone 7 or if it'll face a worldwide release, but seeing as the Blue Coral version of the Galaxy S7 edge has been launched in several markets, we expect the Glossy Black unit to follow suit.
These images come courtesy of a Weibo account belonging to a Samsung official operating in China, who — quite obviously — isn't very good at snapping pictures of technology. Hopefully, we'll see some high-res renders in the not-too-distant future, but these images are certainly enough to whet your palette.
I want you to clean up this mess, 007
This article or section needs to be cleaned up to conform to a higher standard of article quality.
Please follow the guidelines in the Manual of Style and complete this article to the highest level of quality before continuing on smaller articles.
"Gentlemen and ladies, hold the presses. This just in: by curious quirk of fate, we have the perfect story with which to launch our satellite news network tonight. It seems a small crisis is brewing in the South China Seas. I want full newspaper coverage, I want magazine stories, I want books, I want films, I want TV, I want radio, I want us on the air 24 hours a day! This is OUR moment! And a billion people around this planet will watch it, hear it, and read about it from the Carver Media Group. There's no news..... like bad news." ― Carver informing their department heads of the sinking of the Devonshire [src]
Elliot Carver was a fictional British media baron who attempted to provoke a war between the United Kingdom and China in order to destroy the Chinese government and use the new government to obtain exclusive broadcasting rights in China. The character was the main antagonist in the 1997 James Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies and was portrayed by British actor Jonathan Pryce. Carver also appeared in Raymond Benson's accompanying novelization as well in their 1999 video game adaptation, voiced by Steve Hope Wynne.
Contents show]
Biography
Background
Elliot Carver was born in Hong Kong, officially an orphan.  They are the illegitimate son of a German woman who died in childbirth and Lord Roverman, a press tycoon. A Chinese family took the boy for a one-time fee of 50 pounds. 30 years later, Carver confronted and blackmailed Roverman into suicide and took over their media empire.
Elliot Carver went to college in Hong Kong and received a degree in the communication arts. They were hired as a meteorologist at a Hong Kong Television Station; a few years later, they became the anchor of the station. They often sexually harassed their female coworkers, to the point that one of them fled Hong Kong to get away from him.
Elliot is also married to Paris McKenna, later known as Paris Carver, they were James Bond's girlfriend before they married Elliot.
Beoming a Media Figure
In the present, Carver is a billionaire international media mogul of the German-based mass media company, the Carver Media Group Network. They frequently use their influence to gain an advantage for their firm or wreak havoc on opponents. Moreover, CMG doesn't merely report the news – it creates it; CMGN is the first to report on scandals and disasters because it causes them to happen. A scene of Carver's daily teleconference with the various heads of their divisions demonstrates this: Jeff Hobbs reports "floods in Pakistan, riots in Paris and a plane crash in California"; Philip Jones has all current releases of CMG's software are loaded with bugs that will force consumers to upgrade for years, etc. To boost their viewership, Carver instructs Tom Wallace to call the President of the United States and threaten to release scandalous photos of them with a cheerleader in a Chicago hotel room if they don't sign a bill lowering cable rates - and then to release the photos anyway when they comply.
During the CMGN Satellite Network Inaugural Party, Carver denies a rumor to their guests that after British beef baron Sir Angus Black lost £10,000 in a game of poker to them and refused to pay up, they exacted revenge by releasing stories on Mad Cow Disease. They further claimed there was even less truth to the rumor the French paid them 100 million francs to keep the stories running for another year.
Attempting to provoke war
Carver attempts to provoke a war between China and the United Kingdom, hoping to wipe out the existing Chinese leadership in Beijing for a friendlier political atmosphere would allow the Carver Media Group Network to secure exclusive broadcasting rights in China for the next century, something that the existing Chinese politicians have refused. To that end, Carver arranges for a stealth ship to be built, thanks to some stealth material smuggled by Chinese general Chang, who intends to take over the Chinese government as part of their deal with Carver.
In order to start their plan, the magnat mogule sent American "techno-terrorist" Henry Gupta to purchase a GPS encoder (made by the American military) from a terrorist arms bazaar. Meaconing the GPS signal using the encoder, Gupta sends the British frigate HMS Devonshire off-course into Chinese-held waters in the South China Sea, where Carver has Richard Stamper and Captain Scott oversee the sinking of the British warship HMS Devonshire in the South China Sea at the hands of their torpedo-like "Sea-Vac" drill (piloted by Timblin) since the stealth ship. Carver then has their men steal a cruise missile from the sunken ship, which they have made impossible to be tracked by the British Government.
M sends James Bond to investigate Carver after Carver Media releases news with critical details hours before these have become known, and MI6 noticed a spurious signal from one of their CMGN communications satellites when the frigate was sunk. Bond travels to Hamburg and infiltrates Carver's launch party for their new satellite network and meets the villain for the first time. They also find Paris Carver. However, Carver develops an instant suspicion of James Bond when the spy questions them regarding the sunken ship. They have their henchmen capture and attempt to interrogate Bond, but they escape and cuts off power to Carver's live international broadcast, sabotaging the party.
Later, Carver learns by Gupta that Bond is a secret agent and that it was them who caused them and their network international embarrassment. So, they tell Paris to get information from them as to why they were at the party and what they know. However, when Carver discovers that both Paris and Bond are ex-lovers and that Paris was less than honest with them about their past relationship with Bond, they have Paris killed by assassin Dr. Kaufman, who is skilled in the art of chakra torture. This establishes for Bond a personal motivation to complete their mission, although many Bond movies include the "sacrificial lamb" to spur the British secret agent along the way.
Investigating the Devonshire wreck in the South China Sea, Bond and Chinese People's External Security Force agent Wai Lin are captured by Stamper and taken to the CMGN tower in Saigon. Meeting with them, Carver reveals their plans to the pair and prepares to have them torture by Stamper. However, they manage to escape and subsequently collaborate on the investigation.
Final Showdown and Death
They find Carver's stealth ship in Ha Long Bay and board it to prevent them firing the stolen British cruise missile at Beijing. During the battle, Wai Lin is captured, but Bond manages to escape by using one of Carver's henchmen to fake their death. On the ship's bridge, Bond captures Gupta to use as their own hostage, but Carver kills Gupta, claiming they have "outlived their contract" as everything is now set up for the destruction of Beijing and the next stage of Carter's plan to provoke war. Although now cornered, Bond detonates an explosive, damaging the ship and making it visible to radar, and vulnerable to a subsequent Royal Navy attack. Carver eventually finds Bond and holds them at gunpoint, explaining to them that by destroying their stealth ship, they are also destroying any evidence of Carver's actions. Bond secretly activates the sea drill Carver used to sink the HMS Devonshire, and while Carver is distracted, Bond grapples with them and disarms him. They then holds a screaming Carver in front of the approaching drill, informing them that they forgot that the first rule of mass media is to give the people what they want, and releases them at the last possible second, allowing the drill to shred them to pieces while Bond escapes.
Bond's attempt later defeated Carver's plan by positioning detonators on the missile to ensure it would be blown up before it can launch. Although interrupted by Stamper who plunges Wai Lin into the water, Bond continues to place the explosives and confronts Stamper before saving Wai Lin from drowning. Both are protected underwater when the missile explodes, which kills a pinned Stamper and destroys the stealth ship.
With Carver's plan foiled, M releases a news story stating that Carver has drowned while on board their luxury yacht in the South China Sea, while the authorities believed they committed suicide.
Alternate continuities
Raymond Benson's novelization to the film adds more background to Carver's pre-film biography. The film itself mentioned that they previously worked for a newspaper in Hong Kong, but the novel reveals that they were the illegitimate son of the British newspaper baron Lord Roverman and a German prostitute. Their mother died in child-birth and their father paid a Hong Kong family to take them in. Their foster father revealed on their death bed who Carver's father really was. Carver went on to become a TV anchor in Hong Kong until they went to England to notify their father that they knew who they are, and their father tried to bribe them into never coming back. Carver then met Stamper and had them follow their father, and Stamper discovered that Lord Roverman was having an affair with an American prostitute and that they enjoyed dressing up in a Catholic school-girl's uniform while they spanked him. Carver tortured their father with this information until Lord Roverman re-wrote their will to make Carver their sole heir. Roverman then went back to America to find that Stamper had already murdered their mistress. Stamper then gave Roverman a gun and pressured them to commit suicide which they subsequently did. Roverman's wife and daughter tried to contest their will as they did not even know of Carver's existence, but Carver won in court and inherited their father's fortune.
To be added
Personality & Appearance
Personality-wise, Carver is manipulative and vengeful, remorselessly murdering anyone they deem useless or a traitor. Carver is also vain and highly narcissistic, going so far as to decorate their headquarters and other places pertaining to their media empire, with tapestries and oversized banners that bear their visage.
It also appears that Carver has a rather unique affinity for television screens since all of their bases are saturated with unusually grand quantities of video screens, some large enough to cover several meter-high walls.
Physically speaking, Carver poses no real threat and would much rather rely upon their vast legion of henchmen before getting involved in any altercations himself. Possessing a rather wiry frame coupled with a thinning head of neatly trimmed grey hair, Caver (in traditional Bond Villain fashion) owns a series of identical black Nehru suit jackets which they wear on a daily basis. The media baron usually wears these vestments over a black mock-neck shirt and black dress slacks. Their most distinguishing feature is perhaps, their reflective steel rimmed glasses with which they are never seen without.
Henchmen and Associates
Gallery
Quotes
"Caesar had their legions, Napoleon had their armies, I have my divisions: TV, news, magazines. And by midnight tonight, I'll have reached out to and influenced more people than anybody in the history of this planet, save God himself. And the best They ever managed was the Sermon on the Mount." ― Elliot Carver to James Bond [src]
"Delicious. Make sure you clear all the mines and bring the girl to me. (Gupta: Are you sure you want them here?) It's my business, Mr. Gupta. I like an audience." ― Carver to Gupta after capturing Wai Lin [src]
"Oh, how romantic. Do you realize how absurd your position is? (Bond: No more absurd than starting a war for ratings!) Great men have always manipulated the media to save the world. Look at William Randolph Hearst, who told their photographers, "You provide the pictures, I'll provide the war." I've just taken it one step further." ― Carver justifying their plot to Bond [src]
"GET THOSE FIRES OUT!!! Get down and protect the missile!! Oh, and Mr. Stamper, would you please KILL THOSE BASTARDS?!!" ― Carver snapping out after Bond and Lin breached the hull of their stealth ship, leaving it vulnerable to radar [src]
"The missile's fully programmed, it can't be stopped. In a matter of minutes, my plan will succeed. And thanks largely to your efforts, the British Navy will destroy the evidence, and I'll be out of here in a Carver News helicopter covering the event. It's going to be a fantastic show! (Bond: I have some breaking news for you, Elliot. You forgot the first rule of mass media, Elliot....... GIVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT!!!) No! NOO!!!! AAAAAAH!!!!!" ― Carver's last words before their death [src]
Trivia
While many reviewers compared Elliot Carver to Rupert Murdoch or Bill Gates, Feirstein based the character on Robert Maxwell. There is a reference to the mogul's death when M instructs Moneypenny to issue a press release stating that Carver died “falling overboard on their yacht." [1]
The role of Elliot Carver was initially offered to actor Anthony Hopkins (who also had been offered a role in GoldenEye ), but they declined in favor of The Mask of Zorro . [2] [3]
), but they declined in favor of . Carver, in announcing their hypocritical 'Declaration of Principles' on the abortive inaugural broadcast of their news network, is also reminiscent of fictional newspaper tycoon Charles Foster Kane, who in turn was based on real tycoon William Randolph Hearst, whom Carver paraphrases to Bond on their stealth ship.
In early drafts of the film's screenplay, their name is Elliot Harmsway.
Forget self-driving car anxiety: In the early days human drivers were the fear What you really need is horse sense Louis Anslow Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 3, 2016
With all the anxiety around driverless cars lately, it's worth remembering there was a time people worried about cars exactly because they had human drivers. In fact, it was the removal of the horses—the horseless carriage—that gave some people fits. In the 1890s, the prospect of a person driving without the aid of second intelligence was a real concern. A horse, or team of horses, acted as a crude form of cruise control and collision aversion. In 1896 Alfred Sennett warned, “We should not overlook the fact that the driving of a horseless carriage calls for a larger amount of attention for they have not the advantage of the intelligence of the horse in shaping their path, and it is consequently incumbent upon them to be ever watchful of the course their vehicle is taking.” Distracted driving is the number one cause of accidents today, so maybe it wasn't a bad point. Although they were forgetting automobiles actually had brakes, unlike a horse and cart—and they didn't scare. But speed was the biggest concern. A horse-drawn cart traveled between 10 and 15 miles per hour. With the advent of automobiles, people could suddenly move much faster. Such speeds meant more danger, but early limits were more prohibitive than preventative. In England an old law dubbed the Red Flag Act required self-propelled vehicles to be led at walking pace by someone waving a red flag. In 1895, The New York Times very aptly pointed out that it served to “destroy the usefulness of a horseless carriage.” The law was written before automobiles, specifically for steam-powered locomotives (below left), but it was so broad it applied to horseless carriages when they emerged (below right).
(National Motor Museum/Getty)
You didn't need a horse anymore, but now you not only needed someone to wave a flag, but also two mechanics to boot, or you would be violating the law. The act also limited automobiles to 2MPH in the city and 4MPH in the countryside, meaning you could travel faster by bicycle. It was an old law applied to a new technology in a way that removed the benefits it offered. In England, it served to kill the market for horseless carriages for a time. A chairperson of a UK meeting on the subject was quoted in The New York Times saying, “So long as the present state of the law existed no man would invest their capital in the manufacture of horseless carriages or run the risk of being brought before a police court.” There was a concerted effort to repeal the Red Flag Act. A man named John Henry Knight fought the law, in some cases through civil disobedience. In 1895 they built a vehicle specifically to garner police attention and in turn raise public awareness of the old law. A year later, in 1896, it was repealed and replaced with the Locomotives on Highways Act 1896, which allowed vehicles to travel between 12 and 14 miles per hour, depending on what local governments allowed. There was an “emancipation rally,” where crowds gathered and a well-known politician tore up a red flag. It is still celebrated today.
(Hulton Archive/Getty)
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The January transfer window has not even officially opened yet but Newcastle United have already got their first signing in the bag.
Former Recreativo de Huelva striker Juan Lopez, also known as Juanito, is joining the Magpies as another of Rafa Benitez's signings for the club's development squads.
Their capture is yet more evidence of Rafa Benitez's long-term planning at the club. While their priority is obviously the first team and making sure they achieve promotion back to the Premier League, they are also looking at the bigger picture and has been keen since arriving to boost the club's academy in order to produce future talent for club.
And 17-year-old Juanito arrives with a reputation in Spain as an exciting prospect.
He'd been making a name for themselves mainly in Recreativo's youth sides, but such was the excitement about their potential, supporters at the financially-troubled Spanish side reacted angrily to news of Lopez's departure.
We first reported the news of their signing last month, although there was no official news of when the 17-year-old would arrive on Tyneside.
But today the youngster was pictured taking in the city centre where they called into popular shop The Back Page and was pictured by them holding a Rafa Benitez scarf.
And they also tweeted a picture of themselves at St James' Park next the club badge alongside the words: “Many thanks to all NUFC for the welcome. A pride to defend this shield.”
Pictures on their Instagram account also showed them training at the club's Benton training base as early as December 1.
Although he's expected to first join Peter Beardsley's under-23 squad, there is a Spanish contingent at the club now that will be able to help them settle.
As well as Benitez and members of their coaching staff, the club also boast Spanish under-21 international Ayoze Perez in their squad.
Lopez's capture is not too dissimilar to that of Perez's back in the summer of 2014.
Perez was scouted playing for Tenerife in the second tier and was brought to St James' Park initially with the U21 squad in mind.
However, a lack of resources meant the Spaniard got their chance earlier than expected and took it with both hands. They scored seven Premier League goals in their debut campaign, playing a big role in helping the Magpies avoid relegation - even if it only ended up delaying it for 12 months.
How quickly Lopez will develop remains to be seen, but there's certainly no rush for them with the first team currently thriving. Their signing is certainly a positive one though, more so because of the intent it shows in Benitez's planning.
For the third time in recent memory, the combined forces of a growing list of far right and overtly fascist groups are going to descend on Charlottesville, VA.
On Saturday, August 12th, a host of extreme right wing organizations will converge at Emancipation Park to protest the removal of a statue of General Robert E. Lee. It has become clear that they are attempting a crass facsimile of the power brought to bear by the Water Protectors at Standing Rock. However, rather than the unassailable moral high ground of Native Land, Water and Treaty Rights, the fascists organizing this newest, most unwelcome visit to Virginia, are attempting to rally around the threadbare ghost of the Confederacy. They are exploiting the tired myth of the rebel south and attempting to galvanize poor whites toward acceptance of racist violence and the totalitarian state systems so many of our grandparents died trying to wipe from the earth.
The CSA was not a great society then and it is not a tragic glory now. It was and is a con job executed against working class and poor white people in an attempt to get them to lay down their lives for the profit margins of the rich and at the expense of their class allies of color. More than that, it was a Slave State built on an ethic of casual cruelty that places it among likes of the Third Reich, whose architects were open about the inspiration they took from the Confederacy and Jim Crow racial apartheid laws. Far from distancing themselves from this evil history, many of the organizations attending this event openly call for a return of Jim Crow and lynch law. One of the fistful of would-be Fuhrers scheduled to speak, Matt Heimbach of the TWP, has gone even farther, frequently claiming that their ideal society is a feudal one, built on the exploitation of an economic and racial cast system for the comfort and enrichment of a small, white elite. This wish recalls the belief among the aristocracy of the Confederacy that chattel slavery was a social good, and that it should be extended to all lower orders, black and white.
No matter how much they talk of honor or stability or tradition, we will always see through them, and we will hound them through every city and holler. The system of white supremacy is an instrument of social control made to keep us all servants of the rich. Any offer of an elevated status for whites is a trick to keep them distracted from the repression in their own lives. It is a trick to keep us suspicious and feeling falsely superior towards our neighbors while white collar criminals are bailed out by a state that barely even bothers hiding the extent of its complicity in our misery.
Attempts are also being made to cast this as a Free Speech issue. This gloss of legitimacy is meant to pray on ironically liberal notions of freedom of expression, even if that expression is a call for genocide. It is also an attempt to gain sympathy and aid from the Patriot Movement. True to their claims of Confederate lineage, the Fascist organizers are trying to dupe working class white folks into doing their dirty work while they profit far from the front lines. We urge members of the Oath Keepers, 3% and Unorganized State Militias to think long and hard about what they are siding with. History has shown us time and time again that Fascism is not an opinion or a creed; it is a political program with material goals. Goals which never change and when realized, have ushered in some of the most shameful events in human history
The fascists behind the August 12th event have no different intentions today. In a recent publication from their news outlet the Daily Stormer, they stated: "once enough of them join our team, our revolution will be unstoppable", in reference to run of the mill conservatives, and specifically conservative youth. That same article ended with the words "Next stop: Charlottesville. Final stop: Auschwitz". Letting fascists organize publicly and without challenge is the same as standing guard while they build a bomb. In either instance, the goal is mass murder... and you will have been complicit in it.
We are not interested in being the lapdogs of the ruling class, or the sheepdogs of white supremacy. We stand in open defiance of any system that attempts to buy us off with the misery and blood of our neighbors and cheap privileges that can be taken away at any whim. White skin and extra slack in our chains doesn't make us free. Freedom will only come when all people are armed with the tools of self determination and free and fair access to the means of survival.
To those ends, we are dusting off the guns of 1921 and unfurling the banner of Captain Brown.
To the people of Charlottesville and to all oppressed peoples, Redneck Revolt and the John Brown Gun Club are at your disposal.
To the fascists and all who stand with them, we'll be seeing you in Virginia...
No. 15 Redbirds Advance in FCS Playoffs, Beat No. 6 Appalachian State 38-37 in OT
BOONE, N.C. - Shelby Harris ' blocked extra-point attempt in overtime sealed No. 15 Illinois State's (9-3) thrilling 38-37 overtime victory Saturday over No. 6 Appalachian State (8-4) in second-round action of the FCS playoffs at Kidd Brewer Stadium in Boone, N.C.
The Redbirds now advance to the FCS Playoffs quarterfinals and will play Saturday, Dec. 8, at Eastern Washington. Kickoff is scheduled for 5 p.m. CT, with the game set to be broadcast live once again on ESPN3.
Tied 31-31 after regulation, Illinois State received the ball first and needed only one play to find the end zone in overtime. Quarterback Matt Brown connected with tight end James O'Saughnessy on a 25-yard completion for the score. Nick Aussieker 's extra point made it 38-31, with possession moving to Appalachian State. The Mountaineers also struck quickly, needing four plays to score. Jamal Jackson's four-yard toss to Andrew Peacock made it a one-point game, but Harris blocked Sam Martin's extra point, sealing the 38-37 overtime win.
Brown finished the game 20-for-32 for 322 yards and tied a career-high with five touchdowns passes to lift ISU to its second overtime win of the season. Senior wideout Tyrone Walker led the receivers with 10 catches for a season-best 176 yards and two touchdowns. O'Shaughnessy set career-highs with receptions (3), yards (47) and touchdown receptions (2). Ben Ericksen paced the defense with 12 tackles, while Matt Goldsmith added a career-best 10 tackles. Evan Frierson had 1.5 sacks and 2.5 tackles-for-loss.
Leading 14-10 at halftime, ISU went to the air to get on the board first in the second half. On third-and-six from the Redbird 40-yard line, Brown found Walker for a nine-yard completion. Facing another long third down, Brown scrambled for an eight-yard gain to keep the drive alive. Two plays later, Brown connected with Donovan Harden on a 17-yard touchdown completion, making it 21-10 ISU with 7:33 to go in the third quarter.
The Mountaineers needed just five plays to respond. After missing on their first pass attempt, Jackson connected on their next four, including a 48-yard score to Malachi Jones. The five-play drive took 1:39 and to cut the lead to 21-17 with 5:48 left to play in the third quarter. The Redbirds responded immediately, covering 75 yards on only seven plays to extend their lead. Running back Darrelynn Dunn handled the first three carries, picking up ten yards for a first down. Brown then went back to the air and found Walker for three long pass completions, culminating in a diving 32-yard touchdown catch in the end zone to give Illinois State a 28-17 lead late in the third quarter.
After both teams exchanged punts, the Mountaineers had possession on the ISU 46-yard line. Jackson completed each of their pass attempts, including a 44-yard toss to Simms McElfresh that spotted the ball on the Redbirds one-yard line. Two plays later, Rod Chisholm dove into the end zone for a one yard score, making it 28-24 ISU with 11:29 to go.
On the ensuing drive, Brown took to the ground and picked up 20 yards on the opening snap. Two plays later, Harden caught a 30-yard toss deep into Appalachian State territory, setting up a 41-yard field goal from Aussieker, making it 31-23 ISU with 7:30 to play.
Illinois State scored first on an eight-play, 83-yard drive that featured three third-and-long completions from Brown to Walker. After missing on their first two pass attempts of the day, Brown found Walker for a 12-yard pass over the middle for a first down. Three plays later, Brown connected on a 26-yard pass to Walker to move the ball past midfield. Facing third-and-six Brown fired to Walker, who dodged two defenders for a 41-yard touchdown play, making it 7-0 ISU with 5:20 to go in the opening half.
Appalachian State returned the ensuing kickoff to the Mountaineers' 45-yard line. After a 10-yard rush from Steven Miller moved the ball into ISU territory, Ezra Thompson intercepted Jamal Jackson end zone pass attempt. It was Jackson's first interception in 139 pass attempts and Thompson's second pick of the year. That closed the first quarter with Illinois State leading 7-0.
The Mountaineers would tie the game on a 10-play, 69-yard drive that covered 3:46. Miller had five carries for 45 yards, including a crucial 13-yard gain on fourth-and-one. Jackson threw for 31 yards over two plays, before diving into the end zone on a two-yard keeper to tie the game at 7-7 with 4:15 to go in the opening half.
After forcing a quick three-and-out, Appalachian State threatened and moved the ball into Illinois State territory. Facing fourth-and-one, Frierson tallied the first sack of the game, giving ISU the ball with 1:51 to go tied at 7-7. Two plays later, Brown threw a 44-yard completion to O'Shaughnessy. On the next snap, Brown again found O'Shaughnessy for a nine-yard score, making it 14-7 with 0:44 seconds to go. Appalachian State netted a 37-yard field goal as time expired in the opening half to make it 14-10 ISU at the break.
Fans wanting to purchase tickets for the game can do so by calling the Illinois State Athletics Ticket office at (309) 438-7748 beginning Monday morning at 9 a.m. or by ordering online at GoRedbirds.com.
GoRedbirds.com: Your online source for Illinois State Athletics, tickets, Weisbecker Scholarship Fund gifts, multimedia, Redbird merchandise, photos and more.
Halo 5: Guardians will be released October 27th Worldwide for Xbox One, Microsoft have announced. Along with the confirmed date, two live-action trailers have also been released which seem to shed some surprising light on what both Master Chief and not-Master Chief (sorry…Spartan Locke, as he's referred to) will be up against in the fifth installment of arguably Xbox's biggest and most successful first-party franchise. You can watch both trailers below.
Bonnie Ross, head of 343 Industries described Halo 5 as ‘the game that pays off the epic promise of the Halo universe in scope and scale and drama‘.
“We want to amaze players with the sheer size of the worlds and battles they'll experience, even as they question everything they thought they knew about its heroes, marvels and mysteries. #HuntTheTruth is only the beginning and we can”t wait to debut the game to Xbox fans around the world at E3 this June”
Interesting to note, if past dates are anything to go by, Halo 5 appears to drop before the next installment of Call of Duty which usually drops around early-to-mid November time. We still don't have a date or even a premise for where and when Activision's ludicrously-popular shooter will be placed, but it seems Microsoft are eager to appease the fans first come the final quarter of 2015.
The NDP doesn't need to sever its historical ties to Canada's labour movement in order to broaden its appeal, party leader Jack Layton says.
At the party's national convention in Vancouver on Saturday, the NDP leader credited the party's tight relationship with unions for the historic gains made in the May 2 election.
Layton said it makes little sense to change a relationship that was responsible for the party's founding 50 years ago and has been so integral to its success since.
Canadian Labour Congress president Ken Georgetti also talked to delegates about the importance of the NDP and how it should work with the labour movement to defend pensions.
"These disputes are also about the future of work for our children and our grandchildren, who deserve decent family-supporting wages and decent pension plans after a lifetime of work," they said.
"These corporations can get away with it and no working person's pension in this country is safe anymore, and it sure looks like they have an ally in that Conservative government."
NDP luminaries
New Democrats from across Canada are gathering for the party's 50th anniversary convention, where they'll debate whether to shed some history after capturing federal Official Opposition status.
Party icons like former leader Ed Broadbent, onetime Ontario NDP leader and Canadian ambassador to the United Nations Stephen Lewis and Nova Scotia Premier Darrell Dexter have all given speeches.
"You must hold to account the government of the day, but you must also demonstrate to Canadians that our party can be entrusted to form government," Dexter said in an address Saturday afternoon. "As New Democrats, we must not fall into the trap of believing that we are owed anything. That is an outlook for others. Every vote, every seat, must be earned by the choices we make over the next four years."
Delegates passed resolutions calling for measures to end the trade in so-called conflict minerals, like diamonds from the Ivory Coast, and to improve benefits for military veterans. They also debated topics ranging from immigration to Canada's foreign policy.
On Saturday, the party chose its new president, union leader and former election campaign director Brian Topp, by acclamation.
Delegates on Sunday will consider a proposed new preamble to the party constitution that would swap out a reference to "democratic socialism" for one advocating "social democratic principles," in an apparent bid to capitalize on the New Democrats' stunning performance in last month's election.
Next government: Layton
Layton opened the convention Friday night by predicting the New Democrats are on their way to forming the next government of Canada and boasting of the NDP's highest seat count in its history.
"I just hope this stage is strong enough to hold this new huge caucus that we've got here," they joked, referring to the party's 103 MPs.
The New Democrats vaulted into Official Opposition status May 2, far eclipsing the Liberals, and now they're looking at how to attract even more voters.
On Saturday, there was a dedicated workshop about the 2011 campaign and what the party learned from it. But while the mood is buoyant, there will be serious debate to set party policy ahead of the next election.
That means a debate over legalizing marijuana is nixed. Instead, resolutions on the environment, food security and public transit are set to go ahead, as well as one to expand the Canada Pension Plan.
Vancouver MP Libby Davies, the party's deputy leader, has said they expect a vigorous debate on the matter of removing the socialist label. But in an interview with CBC News on Saturday, Davies refused to tip their hand about the vote.
"I've got an open mind about it," they said. "I think what I'm going to do is look at this resolution as a whole and the preamble as a whole. I mean, a lot of folks, well, the media, [are] focused on this one word, but I think you look at the resolution as a whole."
When looking at trades as they happen, it's rare that you see a deal that is even from the start.
Although some would argue, the Blues and Oilers made a swap that makes sense for both sides on Wednesday. The St. Louis Blues traded David Perron, 25, to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for forward Magnus Paajarvi, 22, and a 2014 second-round pick.
Perron was a staple in the Blues' offense through the team's rebuild. They were placed on the roster the season after being drafted and instantly became a fan-favorite with their speed and maneuverability with the puck. They netted 84 goals and 114 points while posting a plus-45 in 340 games for the Blues.
There was no greater moment in the past decade for the Blues than when Perron scored in their third shift of a 5-2 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on December 3, 2011. It was Perron's first match in 97 games, returning from a career-threatening concussion that occurred the season prior.
The exchange gives the Blues Paajarvi, who was drafted 10th overall in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the Oilers. The 22-year old left-winger has posted 26 goals and 58 points in 163 career NHL games.
Paajarvi is known for their slick hands, which went on display on December 28, 2011 as a member of the Oklahoma City Barons, the Oilers' AHL affiliate. This move was well documented in Edmonton, as well as across the NHL, due to their ability to convert on some big moves.
Oilers Acquire Potential 30-Goal Man
Paajarvi was a highly touted draft pick that never really found their game in Edmonton. After spending the full 2010-11 season as a rookie with the Oilers, they split time between the NHL and AHL in each of the next two seasons. They were a falling prospect on a team that needs to start winning the big games.
Perron will add to the Oilers what they truly need; a star player that has the potential to put up 30 goals in a season. At 25, the Oilers know what they are going to get out of him. He's a veteran of six NHL seasons who is believed to be in the prime of their career. Their slippery hands and hard wrist shot are what earned them two 20-goal seasons. Now with the chance to play with Ryan Nugent-Hopkins or Taylor Hall, Perron will find more open space that will translate to key scoring chances.
Blues Obtain Cap Room, Growing Player
With this deal, the Blues were able to free up about $2.29 million in cap-space. In addition, the team will be paying about $2.01 million less in real dollars. This allows the Blues to focus solely on RFAs Alex Pietrangelo, Chris Stewart and Jake Allen. With about $12.97 million in cap-space now available, signing the three vital pieces should be an attainable goal. Just a few days ago, that seemed like a pipedream.
The Blues are also getting a steady young forward who has something to prove. They have had success in the international level with the Elitserien, or the Swedish Hockey League.  They are yet to see their game translate to the NHL but a change of scenery could do wonders for the 6'3” 208 lb. forward.
Paajarvi will find a familiar face in St. Louis as well, as they and Patrik Berglund were linemates during the 2011 World Championships in Slovakia. The Swedes finished second in the tournament and Berglund was the team's best surprise with eight goals and 10 points. Paajarvi posted two goals and seven points in the tournament.
Paajarvi has not accomplished as much as Perron, but that could change. They play a similar game to the now-former Blue but adds size to their skill with the puck. Paajarvi's contract is currently expired, making them an RFA, but their recent lack of production will likely earn them a similar contract that they signed in 2010 (3 years, $5.75 million).
Spread the love
Clark County, WA — In February, a family experienced a horrifying home invasion during which their children were taken from them, and they were assaulted. The father and husband, Ilya Petrenko caught the perpetrators on video — they were police officers with the Vancouver Police Department.
According to Petrenko, a call was made from Kentucky claiming that there was a domestic dispute, so officers were dispatched to their house.
The caller stated that Stephanie's hands were broken. In the police dispatch during the standoff, officers acknowledged that there were no injuries to the wife's hands or elsewhere. But the cops did not care; they were hell bent on getting in that house.
After more than an hour of asking the police to politely leave, Ilya began filming.
Police had guns and tasers drawn as they swarmed the house to attack this innocent family.
The entire time, the couple is demanding to see a warrant and they are told by the police that they do not need one.
The police insisted something was wrong and used their authority to enter the house without a warrant believing that the welfare of the child or mother were in jeopardy. However, from the video and Stephanie's own words, everyone was fine. The only people posing a threat to the Petrenko family were the Vancouver cops.
As police began to breach the house, Stephanie was assaulted. The traumatic instance of their baby being yanked from their arms was captured on video. The family was but helpless victims to the dozen armed agents — ostensibly there to help them.
During the melee, police separated the couple and because Stephanie resisted the officers' attempt to steal their 11-month-old baby, they were swarmed and attacked. While we cannot see what happened on the other side of the wall, the audio from the recording is clear.
There is a sound of a struggle, as Stephanie resists their assailants. They then goes silent. When we finally hear them again, they tell the officers, “you almost killed me,” describing how they had choked them unconscious.
According to Ilya, Stephanie was strangled until they lost consciousness and when they awoke, the assaulting officer was taking pictures and verbally conspiring with the other officers to imply Ilya had caused the injuries. However, video footage from before the police assault clearly shows that Stephanie's neck and arms are free from bruises or marks.
Both Ilya and Stephanie were jailed following this incident, and despite the fact that an Aunt had arrived to care for the children, law enforcement insisted instead that the children be put in CPS custody.
Ilya and Stephanie continue the fight to get their children back more than a month later.
According to Ilya, VPD officers confiscated the iPhone and erased all evidence of their shocking abuse of power, including the statement that no warrant was needed to forcibly enter the home… fortunately, they were not aware that it had been uploaded to the iCloud.
Below is this disturbing video.
Tea Party Politics At The State Level: Less Libertarian, More Authoritarian
If you look at the Tea Party's impact on state politics, you see it really isn't much different from the Religious Right.
Doug Mataconis · · 47 comments
The standard talking point about the Tea Party movement at it is principally, if not exclusively, concerned with fiscal issues like the national debt and the growth of government. When you look at it at the state level, though, you get a very different picture:
After the tea party helped stake Texas Republicans to huge majorities in the state Legislature last fall, the Republicans had a curious response. They did not immediately take on the state's $27 billion deficit; instead they considered a series of bills straight from the religious right's playbook – antiabortion legislation foremost among them. Even now, as the Legislature tackles the budget deficit, social issues are near the surface. A member of the tea party caucus proposed a budget amendment that calls for funding “family and traditional values centers” at some universities. In November, the tea party swept candidates into Congress and statehouses on promises of setting America's financial house in order. But today, the tea party's track record suggests that a great reckoning is under way. (…) In Oklahoma and South Dakota, tea party lawmakers have proposed strict antiabortion bills. Montana has challenged gay rights, and Indiana recently passed a bill that would outlaw same-sex unions. At the national level, congressional Republicans fought to the 11th hour on April 8 to cut federal funding for abortion provider Planned Parenthood and to ban foreign aid to countries that would use funding for family planning services. In Texas, the first few weeks of the legislative session this year were spent passing measures like a controversial bill requiring women to have a sonogram before undergoing an abortion. The bill's author, Republican Sen. Dan Patrick, chairs the Legislature's tea party caucus. “Social issues are coming up because they're easier to pass,” says Sean Theriault, a political scientist at the University of Texas at Austin. “And there are huge [Republican] margins in the Texas House, so if there was ever a time to pass this kind of legislation, it's now.” Clearly, the tea party's small-government mantra resonates with conservatives – including those who do not share libertarian views on social issues. A recent study by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life showed more than 40 percent of tea party supporters identify as Christian conservative, and nearly 60 percent said abortion should be illegal. But in Texas, the tea party is indistinguishable from the religious right, in many respects. During last November's race for speaker of the state House, tea party groups targeted incumbent Speaker Joe Straus, a Jewish Republican, saying they wanted to replace them with what one legislator called a “true Christian” leader. This focus on social issues is alienating the tea party's libertarian supporters, some of whom predicted the religious right would try to co-opt the movement. “I want to build on our success, not ruin the coalition by bringing ‘God's will' into it,” Maine Tea Party Patriots' coordinator Andrew Ian Dodge, a leading libertarian voice, told Newsweek last year. It is a concern for the tea party. According to a recent Monitor/TIPP poll, 26 percent of respondents said their opinions of the tea party had worsened since November. Some 11 percent said their opinions had improved, and 57 percent reported no change.
It's not just abortion, of course, the upsurge in GOP control of state legislatures has led to a record number of bills attempting to mandate the teaching of so-called creation science in classrooms, or restrict the teaching of evolution. And then, there are the birther bills which are the product of a far-right conspiratorial mindset that seems to have been all-too prevalent in the Tea Party movement. At the national level, the House GOP nearly shut the government down over $300,000,000 in funding to organizations like Planned Parenthood. All of this is evidence of a movement that is less about fiscal conservatism than it is about the same social conservatism that has been part of the GOP base for decades.
None of this should be too surprising, after all, in many of the states mentioned the GOP base is incredibly socially conservative. Nonetheless, one has to wonder how long the Tea Party is going to maintain the illusion that it's independent of the GOP when it's pretty clear from evidence like this that it isn't.
Back in December, Reason's Nick Gillespie wondered why it is that the Republican Party can't talk about economic freedom without also taking up the banner of those who would restrict personal freedom in other ways:
Why oh why does it seem that everyone who wants to save a nickel in federal spending has to also have a fixation on gay- and single-woman sex when they are not calling for drug testing for losing your job in the worst recession in years? Is there a necessary connection between wanting to cut Washington spending and hating on the gays (even or especially when your argument is that the federal government shouldn't be concerned with the places said gays may be working)? What the hell is wrong with this country – and the Republican Party – that it can't generate more pols like Gary Johnson, who is actually libertarian as opposed to playing one on TV? Is it that hard, or that off-putting to simply admit that getting the government out of the boardroom and the bedroom (and the classroom!) is part of the same process? I should note that I can't legally vote for any of the folks above anyway, even if I wanted to. And I'm well aware that senators and even governors have limited abilities to intrude on anybody's personal life. But the sorts of statements above make it hard to convince anybody who doesn't agree with you already that small-government rhetoric is not a stalking horse for a repressive, retrograde regime that will start clamping down on anything that bothers that folks who happen to be in power. That's a real problem in building a true limited-government coalition because I know plenty of liberals (including gays and lesbians and single women!) who would be basically ready to sign onto a libertarian anti-government agenda if they didn't feel deep down that it's simply a way for the state to control their lifestyles.
As Gillespie points out, even Rand Paul, the son of the GOP's most well-known libertarian, couldn't resist taking up the social conservative banner recently when they suggested, incorrectly, that it was a Federal Department of Education that put books like Heather Has Two Mommies, while at the same time saying that their position on the Department of Education is the same as Ronald Reagan's, even though Reagan campaigned in 1980 on eliminating that department (something they never actually did, of course).
Even on fiscal issues, of course, Republicans don't exactly have a record to be proud of either. During the eight years of the Bush Administration discretionary spending increased at a faster pace than Lyndon Johnson, a Republican President and Congress proposed programs that are usually associated with “big spending Democrats”, Republicans in Congress sat back and participated in a massive expansion of spending and debt, supported the TARP bailout, and gave billions in taxpayer dollars to the auto companies.
Only a fool would believe, without actual evidence, that the GOP has suddenly seen the error of its ways, or that the Tea Party has really changed the GOP in a significant way.
This is one of the reasons I can't be as optimistic about the Tea Party movement as others. While it's nice to see people getting excited about an idea as abstract as limited government, I have serious questions about just how committed many of its adherents are to limited government at all levels. So far, their performance hasn't been very impressive.
For the film based on this graphic novel, see Batman: Gotham by Gaslight
Gotham by Gaslight is a DC Comics one-shot by Brian Augustyn and Mike Mignola, with inks by P. Craig Russell. The story revolves around a 19th century version of Bruce Wayne making their debut as Batman just as Jack the Ripper has arrived in Gotham City.
Although it was not initially labeled as such, Gotham by Gaslight is considered to be the first Elseworlds story in which DC Comics characters from alternate timelines or realities are featured in stories outside of the DC Universe canon. While not originally labelled as such, subsequent printings of Gotham by Gaslight have incorporated the Elseworlds logo. It spawned one sequel, Batman: Master of the Future (1991), also written by Augustyn, with art by Eduardo Barreto.
Plot summaries [ edit ]
Gotham by Gaslight [ edit ]
In 1889, Bruce Wayne is on a tour of Europe which ends in Vienna. There they are studying under Dr. Freud. Bruce tells Freud that they have a recurring dream in which they recall the murder of their parents and decides they must return to Gotham City. On the return trip, Bruce meets Jacob Packer, an old family friend whom they call Uncle Jake, who also returned from a trip to Europe.
Shortly after arriving, Inspector Gordon informs Wayne about criminal gangs currently operating in Gotham. Gordon also shows Bruce the case of a man who poisoned their wife and tried to commit suicide with the poison, which left them alive with a permanent grin. Bruce takes up the mantle of Batman to fight criminals on the street.
At the same time, a series of murders of women take place and some people begin to suspect that Batman is the murderer. It is soon discovered that Jack the Ripper has come to Gotham, as the murders in Gotham City seem to resemble the Ripper murders.
After a search of Wayne Manor, a bloody knife is found under Bruce's bed and Bruce is arrested. A trial is held in which Uncle Jake is Bruce's defense attorney. After the trial, Bruce is convicted of being the Ripper and sentenced to be hanged for their crimes. Bruce is imprisoned in Arkham Asylum.
Once Bruce is in prison, Gordon gives them all the documentation on the crimes. Bruce toils day and night to try to figure out how they can get the Ripper. Just one day before the execution, Bruce learns the identity of the Ripper by discovering they had the skill of a surgeon and used a knife that belonged to the medical group who worked with their father. Bruce escapes from prison with the help of Alfred and heads straight for the Ripper.
Batman interrupts the Ripper as they are about to claim their next victim. Batman chases the Ripper throughout Gotham and the two eventually come to a stop at the grave of Thomas and Martha Wayne, where it is revealed that Jacob Packer is the Ripper. Packer had been trained in medicine and law with the money of Thomas Wayne, but they were driven insane by Martha Wayne's rejection of their advances. Since then they had been killing women who resembled Martha to silence the laughter of Martha they heard in their head.
Packer reveals that they hired an assassin to kill Bruce's parents. Gordon appears at this time with the police and Batman tells them to arrest Packer. Packer confesses that they are the Ripper and tries to kill Batman, but Gordon shoots Packer dead at the last minute. Batman disappears into the shadows, leaving Gordon to take in the body of Jack the Ripper.
Batman: Master of the Future [ edit ]
In 1892, three years later, Bruce has "retired" their alter-ego and is engaged to be married. Having brought their parents' murderer to justice, they have come to regard being Batman as a childish fancy, and intends to devote their life to more serious pursuits. Others believe that Gotham City needs Batman more than ever, namely now-Commissioner Gordon and Bruce's own fiancée, Julie Madison (who is a Batman rescued from a late-night assault).
At a City Council meeting, Mayor Tolliver (the former Police Commissioner who aggressively prosecuted Bruce as the suspected Ripper) is promoting Gotham's hosting of the "American Discovery Exposition" to market Gotham as the "City of the Future". The meeting is interrupted by the flamboyant Alexandre LeRoi, who demands that they be proclaimed master of the city, or else they will burn it to the ground. They leap out the window before they can be arrested, and Tolliver insists that the fair proceed.
While the fairgrounds are being erected, a Maxim Gun on an automated carriage rolls in and opens fire. Bruce, in attendance, pushes Tolliver out of the line of fire and disables the machine.
On the opening day of the fair, LeRoi kidnaps Tolliver from their mansion and takes them aboard an airship, forcing them to watch as LeRoi focuses a giant burning glass on the fair's main pavilion, before LeRoi throws Tolliver over the side to their death. Bruce is desperate to act, when Alfred arrives with their costume.
With the police fully occupied, Julie runs into the burning pavilion to rescue a small girl, but both of them are trapped by falling debris. Batman saves them, then fashions an improvised glider and takes off after LeRoi's airship. The two men engage in a brutal rapier duel that disables LeRoi's robotic pilot "Antonio", causing the airship to drift off course and become unstable. Noticing this, Batman urges LeRoi to surrender and abandon ship, but LeRoi refuses to believe him. Batman jumps overboard, but LeRoi is trapped as the airship crashes into the ocean and explodes. More than a hundred people are killed by LeRoi's fires, but further fatalities and destruction are prevented by the Gotham Police and firefighters.
Batman confronts Councilman Franklin Claypool, who confesses to being LeRoi's accomplice and providing them with information for their attack. Claypool secretly owns a large portion of Gotham City's slum housing, which they expected to sell profitably through their proposed redevelopment program, but the program was pushed aside by Tolliver in favor of the fair. LeRoi agreed to target Claypool's properties, allowing Claypool to collect a lucrative insurance payout, but Claypool never intended the deaths LeRoi's actions caused, and so does not resist when Gordon arrives to arrest him.
Bruce and Julie are walking along a hilltop overlooking the city, when they reveal that they recognized them at the fair, even through their mask. Apprehensively, they ask them what they plan to do, and they reply, what they have always done: continue to love and encourage him, especially now that they both agree that Gotham still needs Batman.
Publication history [ edit ]
Gotham by Gaslight, which retroactively became the first official Elseworlds publication, was initially released as a 52-page one-shot in February 1989. It was written by Brian Augustyn and pencilled by Mike Mignola, with inks by P. Craig Russell. Two years later, the 68-page sequel Batman: Master of the Future — also written by Augustyn, but with art by Eduardo Barreto — was released, this time officially labelled an Elseworlds publication.
In 2006, in the wake of the DC event Infinite Crisis (which reshuffled the DC Multiverse), the Gotham by Gaslight world was identified as "Earth-19".
Prior to its appearance in Countdown Presents: The Search for Ray Palmer: Gotham by Gaslight (January 2008), the two one-shot issues were collected into one 112-page trade paperback volume (which was released under the same name, and with the same Mignola cover as the one-shot release).
Collected editions [ edit ]
The two stories have been collected into a trade paperback.
Gotham by Gaslight , August 2006, DC Comics, ISBN 1-4012-1153-4 (Titan Books, ISBN 1-84576-403-X), collects: Gotham by Gaslight , 48 pages, DC Comics, November 1989, ISBN 0-930289-67-6 (Titan Books, December 1989, ISBN 1-85286-265-3) Batman: Master of the Future , 63 pages, DC Comics, December 1991, ISBN 1-56389-015-1
, August 2006, DC Comics, ISBN 1-4012-1153-4 (Titan Books, ISBN 1-84576-403-X), collects:
Reception [ edit ]
IGN Comics ranked Gotham by Gaslight #11 on a list of the 25 greatest Batman graphic novels, saying that the comic is "as taut and well-conceived a graphic novel as you can find — Elseworlds or otherwise," they add, "quite simply, no other Elseworlds tale has managed such a brilliant concept nor executed it so perfectly."
Gotham by Gaslight was not the highest-ranking Elseworlds story on the list, as Batman & Dracula: Red Rain ranked higher at #9.[1]
After the events of Identity Crisis, the Atom spent DC's missing year out of the limelight. In the weekly-sequel to the weekly event 52, Countdown, the Source Wall names Palmer as a key figure in impending DC Universe events. The search for Ray Palmer began in the Wildstorm Universe, and soon crossed onto the new 52 worlds created during the course of Infinite Crisis.
The first of these was called Countdown Presents: The Search for Ray Palmer: Gotham by Gaslight (January 2008) and was written by Gotham by Gaslight's original author, Brian Augustyn, relishing their chance to return to the world they had created.[2] The story saw Bob the Monitor accompany Jason Todd, Donna Troy, and Kyle Rayner (the latter three inhabitants of "New Earth") through the multiverse in search of multiuniversal counterparts to Ray Palmer. The group arrived on Earth-19, the Earth where the Batman of the earlier two Elseworlds storylines acted, there, they also encountered this Earth's counterpart of Blue Beetle and Man-Bat before they went to the next Earth for their continuing search. Their search would take them to worlds populated by characters from other Elseworlds stories, including those seen in the Batman & Dracula trilogy (Earth-43) and Superman: Red Son (Earth-30).
In other media [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
A video game based on the comic book was planned for release by Day 1 Studios (who also developed Fear 3 ). After THQ failed to secure the rights to the property, the game was canceled. [4] The developers released some concept illustration which revealed the game had a steampunk feel to it while being set in Victorian England and also test footage was released which revealed the misty Gothic settings and the character model for Batman. Reception to the leaked footage and concept illustration was positive, with viewers praising the setting, the cape physics and the different approach the developers were trying to achieve. [5]
). After THQ failed to secure the rights to the property, the game was canceled. The developers released some concept illustration which revealed the game had a steampunk feel to it while being set in Victorian England and also test footage was released which revealed the misty Gothic settings and the character model for Batman. Reception to the leaked footage and concept illustration was positive, with viewers praising the setting, the cape physics and the different approach the developers were trying to achieve. Season pass holders for Batman: Arkham Origins , released in 2013, were awarded a special costume for Batman that was based on Gotham By Gaslight . [6]
, released in 2013, were awarded a special costume for Batman that was based on . The Gotham by Gaslight version of Batman was also introduced as a playable character in an update to the mobile version of Injustice: Gods Among Us in early 2018.[7]
See also [ edit ]
Other Elseworlds that involve Jack the Ripper:
References [ edit ]
LUCKY SEVERSON, correspondent: This is Zaytuna College, located on what is called Holy Hill in Berkeley, California. It's unique because Zaytuna is the very first accredited Muslim liberal arts college in the United States, and one of the few in the world. Zaytuna was cofounded 5 years ago by internationally acclaimed Islamic scholar Sheikh Hamza Yusuf.
SHEIKH HAMZA YUSUF: We all felt that really what we needed was not so much a seminary, but more of a liberal arts college, because a lot of the problems in religious education today is that it is solely religious education, and so the type of person that it produces is often not as well-rounded as is necessary to fully integrate religion into a society.
SEVERSON: Sheikh Hamza Yusuf grew up in California with a Roman Catholic father and a Greek Orthodox mother. They were taught to be a seeker and converted to Islam as a young man who then journeyed to the Middle East to study under some of the world's top Islamic scholars.
SHEIKH YUSUF: By and large most people are completely in the dark about the incredible impact that Islamic civilization had, not just on the sciences but also on theology. St. Thomas Aquinas was very heavily influence by Averroes of Spain.
SEVERSON: Integrating Islam and Western culture is a notion students like Aisha Ibrahim find very appealing. They graduated from high school in Chicago one day and rushed out here the next day to begin studies at Zaytuna.
AISHA IBRAHIM (Student, Junior Class): For us it's very important to hold onto our faith and to do that in a space where it's encouraged, to engage your intellect but also to remember it goes with your faith, and they are not separate.
SEVERSON: Mahan Mirza is the dean of faculty at Zaytuna.
DEAN MAHAN MIRZA: Muslims need to be grounded in their own tradition. They need to inherit great ideas of the past, not just from Islamic civilization but from Western civilization in general, because we are in America. You don't have to go very far to realize or recognize that the two are actually part of the same heritage. They're not two different legacies. What we feel we are doing is reviving what the liberal arts tradition was within Islam.
SEVERSON: All students are required to learn Arabic so they can go on to study the classics.
DEAN MIRZA: Then they take mathematics, astronomy, and the history of science, economics, philosophy, ethics, and politics.
PROFESSOR MARK DELP: It's one of the best places that I've ever taught.
SEVERSON: Professor Mark Delp is the only non-Muslim on Zaytuna's faculty. They teach philosophy and logic.
PROFESSOR DELP: They look at education as a process of attaining wisdom. So the real interesting thing which makes it like the Dominicans, in a way, is that they look at this as their spiritual formation. So it's not that they don't worry about getting jobs, but they are, I believe, truly convinced that if they get this spiritual formation, they'll be ready for anything.
JOHN ROPOULOS (Student, Senior Class): There's a religious motivation to study, as in studying is a form of worship, and you don't, really find that anywhere else. Here you find that, and there's this huge emphasis on what you're doing is not only important to you, your relationship with God, but also to the community of Muslims.
SEVERSON: John Ropoulos is a convert, has a bachelor's degree from St. John's, a Great Books college, and hopes to become an Islamic scholar. Today he's delivering the weekly sermon at the jumah prayer service on the campus of UC Berkeley, although there's no formal connection between the two schools.
JOHN ROPOULOS (delivering sermon): One of the earliest stages of mercy for us is in our mother's womb. That's where Allah is forming us.
SEVERSON: The Zaytuna student body is comprised of 60 students altogether. All, right now, are Muslim, although it's not necessary. All students take the same classes, and those who graduate will have an accredited degree in Islamic law and theology. Some will go into law, scholarship, medicine, more scholarly work. What is especially evident is that the students are here to learn.
Students come to Zaytuna from a variety of backgrounds, religiously and ethnically. Some are converts. The Muslim community has contributed about $30 million to the operation of Zaytuna. Tuition is $15,000 a year plus room and board, and it's an important school policy that students do not graduate in debt. Colleen Keyes is dean of student affairs.
DEAN COLLEEN KEYES: There is no student who applies to Zaytuna who is turned away for lack of funds, if they're qualified. So if they meet our academic standards, and there is a fit between who they are and what we offer, we fund them, and there are students—many students here are on a full ride.
SEVERSON: It's a requirement that all students do volunteer work in the community, like Habitat for Humanity or planting trees for the forest service.
DEAN KEYES: Because our belief is that the way to serve God is through serving human beings, and that can be as a lawyer, as a journalist, as a teacher, as a doctor. But the idea that we are here to do something more than benefit ourselves is very important to Muslims.
SEVERSON: Although the education is coed, there are some distinct difference between Zaytuna and secular colleges. Alcohol, for instance, is forbidden. So is dating.
IBRAHIM: In school we will all study together, but, you know, it wouldn't really be seen as appropriate if a girl and a guy were to go out by themselves off campus to study together.
KEYES: Dating is forbidden because we don't, Muslims don't date before they marry. They have other means for determining whether they're suited for marriage, and so dating is not allowed.
SEVERSON: This is, after all, an Islamic school. Sheikh Yusuf says the goal of Zaytuna is to restore Islamic education to what is been a 1,000 years ago when Jewish, Christian and Muslims scholars worked together.
SHEIKH YUSUF: We are at a particularly dark period in Islamic tradition, unfortunately, but that does not in any way dim the light of its civilization in the past.
SEVERSON: Of Muslim terrorists, they say they represent religion gone bad, unfortunately, just as other religions' extremists have gone bad over the years.
SHEIKH YUSUF: One out of every four people on this planet is a Muslim. The idea that somehow some evil morality could've spread like that and lasted, I mean evil moralities can spread for very short periods of time, like Nazism or fascism, but they don't last. The things that last, last because they have permanent truth in them.
SEVERSON: Inside Zaytuna there is a palpable awareness that every time ISIS strikes, they will suffer, too, even though Sheikh Yusuf says they are as horrified as everyone else.
SHEIKH YUSUF: We are taught always to believe that Islam is true, but to challenge our own understanding of Islam, and that's something a lot of zealots certainly fail to do that. Their assumption is always, “I'm right. God has informed me, and this is the way it is.” And so they believe they have some kind of carte blanche.
SEVERSON: Another area where the students feel stigmatized is the Western view that Muslim men mistreat and abuse women.
IBRAHIM: The amount of respect that a Muslim woman will receive from another Muslim man, I mean, I wouldn't know what I would be without that, because I feel dignified, and I try to carry myself in a way that I am respected, and Islam gives me that, and it gives me that confidence and that insurance to know that, yeah, I am in school so that I can be an intelligent Muslim woman and present the religion as it is, and not as what people may perceive it to be without actually knowing.
SEVERSON: Last year, the college graduated nine students. This year they're planning on 12. Aisha knows exactly what they want to do when they graduate in 2017.
IBRAHIM: I want to help people, and the way that I think I'm capable of doing that is going into chaplaincy. So, ideally, a Muslim chaplain in a hospital.
DEAN MIRZA: If you have flowers, they will adorn any setting, every garden, every room, every table, and so we are all about growing flowers.
SEVERSON: For Religion & Ethics NewsWeekly, I'm Lucky Severson in Berkeley, California.
Outgoing member of congress Michele Bachmann sat down with Bill O'Reilly tonight to elaborate on their Christmas party chat with President Obama, and claimed that the president was “condescending and patronizing” to them
In a recent interview with the Washington Free Beacon, Bachmann said they told Obama during the party about how seriously they hope they take the threat from Iran. They explained to O'Reilly tonight that they took this opportunity because it was their last chance to say something to the president as a member of Congress (albeit with their family in tow).
And as Bachmann recounts, Obama wasn't exactly receptive to what they said:
“The president smiled, and they were fairly condescending and patronizing and said, ‘Well, it's not quite that easy, Michele. But that's okay,' like I'm just, you know, an idiot and I don't know anything.”
They emphasized how important it is for Obama to act on Iran to stop them from obtaining a nuclear weapon, and then they said “Merry Christmas” and parted ways.
Watch the video below, via Fox News:
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Right now, a collective of Internet archivists and programmers is trying to do the impossible: save more than 800 million pictures uploaded to the Twitter photo-sharing service Twitpic before they disappear down the memory hole after the company's scheduled shutdown on October 25.
For this group of digital librarians, saving a bunch of stranger's pictures is about keeping alive a key piece of our digital culture.
"With hundreds of millions of photos at stake – going back to the earliest days of Twitter – we recognized it as a vital part of online history," said Jason Scott, a member of the Archive Team.
Story continues below advertisement
"With the growth of Twitter came the growth of the Twitpic service, and it was used as a way to show images both newsworthy and socially relevant across the last seven years" said Scott, calling the potential loss of those pictures "unbelievable."
As the Archive Team is slowly attempting to download the entire cache of photos and comments, it is faced with yet another obstacle: Twitpic blocked the Archive Team from accessing its website directly.
Twitpic is letting individual users export the pictures they uploaded, however many are reporting bugs and long delays in the process.
"There are still many cases of people downloading .zip files and finding that they are empty or corrupted," said Scott, adding that many users are not even aware of the upcoming shutdown.
Some individuals even offered to pay for the storage and transfer costs but both them and the Archive Team were ignored by Twitpic founder, Noah Everett.
Everett did not respond to The Globe's interview requests.
Twitpic is just the latest example of a website filled with user uploaded content getting shut down before any archives are made.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Archive Team collective started in 2009. Soon after, Yahoo! announced it was shutting down Geocities, a service allowing Yahoo users to host their own website for free.
While a lot of websites hosted on the Geocities platform are by today's standards old and ugly, they give a glimpse into the early days of the Internet, when millions of people suddenly discovered it.
"What we were facing, you see, was the wholesale destruction of the still-rare combination of words and digital heritage, the erasing and silencing of hundreds of thousands of voices, voices that representing the dawn of what one might call "regular people" joining the World Wide Web," wrote the collective at the time.
"A surprising amount of people came forward to help, everyone from coders and archivists through designers and supporters" said Scott.
"Over the last five years, we've been involved in hundreds of smaller projects and dozens of larger ones to provide at least some record of websites that are going away."
In 2010 the Archive Team managed to grab 10 Terabyte (Tb) of data from Friendster, a precursor to Facebook, created in 2002.
Story continues below advertisement
More recently they retrieved 8 Tb from Google Reader accounts, as Google decided to shut down the RSS feed reader.
Keeping archives is tremendously important says Marie-Pierre Aubé, Director of Records Management and Archives at Concordia University in Montreal. "It explains where we're coming from and how our society works."
But as the amount of data generated every day has increased exponentially, archivists are finding themselves constrained by the resources available.
"In one day we're creating as much data as was created in one year during the 1900s" Aubé says.
As the Archive Team is celebrating its fifth birthday, still only a minority of companies are being pro-active, or allow their users to export their own archives.
Ultimately, it may be up to national institutions to do the work of archiving history, says Aubé.
Story continues below advertisement
In 2010, Twitter announced it had started to give the U.S. Library of Congress the full archive of public tweets.
"We can't ask a private company that is shutting down to keep their archives (online) indefinitely" says Aubé. "But we can ask them to send those to the proper institution," they said.
For Scott, last-minute scrambles to save disappearing sites has been a feature since the dawn of the Web in the 1990s.
"I wish things were different now, but they appear to be very much the same," they say. "Except for the case that kilobytes of data lost have given way to gigabytes or terabytes."
The rejection of the US visa application for MEP Stelios Kouloglou, while they were a member of an official European Parliament delegation to visit the US, was the subject of the French newspaper Humanite.
"The Motive? Their documentaries on American politics were not liked in Washington," Humanite writes in their report, according to a statement by the Greek MEP.
"From 2010, I had found myself on a blacklist," explains Stelios Kouloglou. The MEP, as the newspaper writes," is not only a member of the European Parliament but also a journalist and director who for many years worked forGreek public television ERT. During the decade of 2000-2010, they became known for their reports and documentaries from around the world that appeared in the weekly program Reporters Without Borders on ERT, some of which were directly critical of American politics.
Stelios Kouloglou, Humanite continues, "refers specifically to a 2004 documentary "24 + 1 Lies to Sell a War," which denounced the Bush administration's propaganda to justify the invasion of Iraq in 2003. Also, they referred to another film entitled "Confession of an Economic Assassin," which won two international awards and was screened in New York and Los Angeles.
During this time, the US Embassy in Athens protested to the Greek government, "that intervened on the board of ERT to say that Stelios Kouloglou's reports have caused difficulties in the talks of the then prime minister, Costas Simitis, with the US. In 2008, the situation escalated at a meeting of the board of directors of public television. "A month later, I was fired," says the MEP," the newspaper writes.
"He had to wait for many years to learn the real reasons for their dismissal, but from 2010 onwards their visa application to travel to the US has been rejected. Numerous organizations' remonstrations, such as Reporters Without Borders, were to no avail. The Greek journalist was even refused a tourist visa. "I was hoping that my election to the European Parliament would change the situation," they add. But that was not the case," says Humanite.
Last July, invited as a MEP to attend the People's Summit in Chicago, Stelios Kouloglou filed a new visa application, but the US Embassy once again did not answer. Just a few days ago, they were going to travel officially as a member of the European Parliament delegation that would have meetings with US officials. But again they were banned from entering American soil.
"When asked to explain, this time on requests from the European institutions, the US government, just last Monday, informed the MEP and the European Parliament of the reasons "terrorism"," Humanite writes.
"So I finally learned that I am suspected of being a hijacker and that I support terrorist organizations!" Explains Stelios Kouloglou, denying, while smiling, the preposterous accusations of the US government, as the French newspaper reports.
"I have made dozens of documentaries against terrorism," adds the MEP. "His latest film,"Dying from Laughter", presented last month in the European Parliament and screened at a Strasbourg cinema, in the presence of the Ambassador of Greece, is dedicated to the memory of Charlie Hebdo's editorial team, violently assassinated by terrorists. The film, sometimes comical and sometimes tragic, talks about how humor can lead to death for journalists," the French daily says, and closes:
"It also shows that the absence of humor, as well as political censorship can prevent a journalist, even an MEP, from entering the Land odf the Free."
Human Rights Print This Bahrain: Activist Zaynab Al-Khawaja's letter to President Barack Obama as they began their hunger strike. By Zainab Alkhawaja. Angry Arabiya. Angry Arabiya. Axis of Logic.
Zaynab Alkhawaja Editor's Note: Zaynab Alkhawaja is the daughter of Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, a prominent Bahraini human rights activist who was arrested and beaten unconscious in their own home by Bahraini police or military forces earlier this month. Them husband, brother-in-law and uncle were also arrested. They were all arrested for taking part in peaceful protests against the Bahraini regime of King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa and haven't been seen since the time of their arrest. The life and welfare of their family members is especially a matter of great concern because other protestors have died while in Bahraini police custody. Zaynab wrote the following letter to US President Barack Obama and began their hunger strike on April 12, 2011. They said that they will refuse food until the 4 men are released.  They are the 27 year old mother of a one year old baby girl. Photos of the Zaynab's family and an eye witness account of their arrest appear below their letter. - Les Blough, Editor April 11, 2011 Letter to President Obama Mr. President, I write to you from Bahrain, after living through horrible injustice that I would never wish upon anyone in the world. Security forces attacked my home, broke our doors with sledgehammers, and terrified my family. Without any warning, without an arrest warrant and without giving any reasons; armed, masked men attacked my father. Although they said nothing, we all know that my father's crime is being a human rights activist. My father was grabbed by the neck, dragged down a flight of stairs and then beaten unconscious in front of me. They never raised their hand to resist them, and the only words they said were "I can't breathe". Even after they were unconscious the masked men kept kicking and beating them while cursing and saying that they were going to kill him. This is a very real threat considering that in the past two weeks alone three political prisoners have died in custody. The special forces also beat up and arrested my husband and brother-in-law. Since their arrest, 3 days ago, we have heard nothing. We do not know where they are and whether they are safe or not. In fact, we still have no news of my uncle who was arrested 3 weeks ago, when troops put guns to the heads of their children and beat their wife severely. Having studied in America, I have seen how strongly your people believe in freedom and democracy. Even through these horrible times many of the people supporting me are Americans who never thought their government would stand by dictators and against freedom-loving people. To the American people I send my love and gratitude. I chose to write to you and not to my own government because the Alkhalifa regime has already proven that they do not care about our rights or our lives. When you were sworn in as president of the United States, I had high hopes. I thought: here is a person who would have never become a president if it were not for the African-American fight for civil liberties; they will understand our fight for freedom. Unfortunately, so far my hopes have been shattered. I might have misunderstood. What was it you meant Mr. president? YES WE CAN… support dictators? YES WE CAN… help oppress pro-democracy protesters? YES WE CAN… turn a blind eye to a people's suffering? Our wonderful memories have all been replaced by horrible ones. Our staircase still has traces of my father's blood. I sit in my living room and can see where my father and husband were thrown face down and beaten. I see their shoes by the door and remember they were taken barefoot. As a daughter and as a wife I refuse to stay silent while my father and husband are probably being tortured in Bahraini prisons. As a mother of a one-year-old who wants their father and grandfather back, I must take a stand. I will not be helpless. Starting 6pm Bahrain time tonight I will go on a hunger strike. I demand the immediate release of my family members. My father: Abdulhadi Alkhawaja. My husband: Wafi Almajed. My brother-in-law: Hussein Ahmed. My uncle: Salah Alkhawaja. I am writing this letter to let you know, that if anything happens to my father, my husband, my uncle, my brother-in-law, or to me, I hold you just as responsible as the AlKhalifa regime. Your support for this monarchy makes your government a partner in crime. I still have hope that you will realize that freedom and human rights mean as much to a Bahraini person as it does to an American, Syrian or a Libyan and that regional and political considerations should not be prioritized over liberty and human rights. I ask of you to look into your beautiful daughters' eyes tonight and think to yourself what you are personally willing to sacrifice in order to make sure they can sleep safe at night, that they can grow up with hope rather than fear and heartache, that they can have their father and grandfathers embrace to run to when they are hurt or in need of support. Last night my one-year-old daughter went knocking on our bedroom door calling for their father, the first word they ever learnt. It tore my heart to pieces. How do you explain to a one-year-old that their father is imprisoned? I need to look into my daughter's eyes tomorrow, next week, in the years to come, and tell them I did all that I could to protect their family and future. For my daughter's sake, for their future, for my father's life, for the life of my husband, to unite my family again, I will begin my hunger strike. Zainab Alkhawaja
11th April 2011 Four members of Abdulhadi Alkhawaja family
arrested by Bahraini Regime. Abdullhadi Alkhawaja's son in law, Wafi Al-Majed with their one year old daughter Hussain Ahmed is Abdulhadi Alkhawaja's son in law (Batool Alkhawaja's fiance) Human rights activist Abdulhadi Alkhawaja with a rose of peaceful resistance. Batool Alkhawaja* cites details on the arrest of their father, human rights activist Abdulhadi Alkhawaja, their fiance Hussain Ahmed, and brother in-law Al-Majed. This is what happened according to her, as they were present when the arrest took place: At around 1 am of the 9th of April, 2011, I was sitting with my fiancé, Hussein Ahmed, at my sister's apartment when my father, AbdulHadi AlKhawaja, came to us and asked me to check the internet if there's any news about security forces going to my grandmother's place. I checked and I saw that my cousin had written that security forces had gone there and to our apartment, too. I let my dad know and they asked me to wake everyone up so that we'll be ready when they arrive since they'd probably come here next. We also got Jude, my niece, out of the house and then we all changed and sat in the living room and waited. I don't know what time it was exactly, around 2 or 2:30 am, when we heard the sound of the building door being broken down. It was a matter of seconds when we heard the same sound coming from the apartment door. My dad quickly got up to open the living room door and that's when the security forces got in. The one I saw first was masked and as soon as they were in sight started shouting at my dad, in really bad Arabic, to get down “tahat, tahat”. My dad immediately tried to get down to the ground but the man grabbed them and dragged them outside. My mom and sisters (Zainab and Fatima) followed while I was still inside the living room with Hussein and my brothers-in-law (Wafi AlMajid & Mohammed AlMaskati). The same masked man looked inside and saw Hussein first. They immediately started shouting and coming towards them so Hussein stepped in front of me so that I wouldn't be harmed. The man then saw Mohammed and Wafi and shouted at them too. As they pulled them from their clothes toward the door they hit each one of them, hard, on their heads; especially Mohammed who was the last one to leave the living room. I followed them out and when I reached the staircase I could see my dad on the ground being beaten by the security forces who were all masked and I saw my fiancé and brothers-in-law being shoved and handcuffed. There were other men in civilian clothing all masked and armed. I heard my sister shouting that my father couldn't breathe and that they shouldn't beat my father since they aren't resisting arrest and the security forces were shouting at them and one of them was saying “who is she?! Take them too!!” One of them grabbed my sister by the shirt, shoved my mother aside, and dragged them up the stairs and pushed them into a room and told them to stay inside or they would be arrested too. They told us to go inside too and closed the door on us. They then suddenly opened the door again and it hit my sister Zainab in the face. They were telling them that they should better shut up or they would be taken too and my mother stood in front of them and pleaded with them not to take them We could hear sounds of beating outside but couldn't get out of the room. One of the masked men in civilian clothing came inside and told us that they would be filming with a video camera and that we should cover our faces. They filmed the place and they searched it then closed the door again and told us not to leave. At that point I couldn't help crying but my mom and sisters were telling me to be strong and not to cry. We sat and waited until there was no sound in the building then went downstairs to see what had happened. I saw drops of blood on the stairs where my dad had been beaten. I also saw that the doors to all four apartments in the building had been broken. I went into the downstairs apartment and saw that it was in a complete mess with things thrown all over the floor. That's when I saw my brother-in-law, Mohammed AlMaskati, who told us how they'd decided to let them go when they realized that he's a human rights activist. They told us how they'd thrown all of them on their faces in the downstairs living room and had kicked and beaten my fiancé and
brothers-in-law while insulting them and asking who they were. They said that my father in particular was brutally beaten and that they saw them unconscious while they continued to kick them and swear at him. They said they even took a shaving machine (which had been in the bathroom) and shaved bits of their hair off. I also noticed that they'd taken Wafi's computer and three phones belonging to me, my fiancé, and my sister Zainab. They'd also broken the wireless internet reuter (dunno what it's called). Needless to say, sleep was out of the question at that point so we ended up spending the early morning hours cleaning the place up. Now, three days later, we still don't know where they are and have no idea how they're doing. On the day of their arrest, we'd received a text message from Hussein's number saying “I'm fine”. It didn't make us feel any better since they'd taken the phone and could've written the message themselves or forced them to write it. *Thanks to my cousin Batool Alkhawaja for documenting the events and taking the time to write it all down. Source: Angry Arabiya More:
US-European backed Bahrain regime tortures, murders critics.
by David Walsh (Article). Les Blough (Photo Essay).
WSWS and Axis of Logic
Print This Make a Donation! Donate here If you appreciated this article, please consider making a donation to Axis of Logic. We do not use commercial advertising or corporate funding. We depend solely upon you, the reader, to continue providing quality news and opinion on world affairs.
---
Occupy Wall Street attacks income inequality and the richest 1 percent, adopting as its slogan ''we are the 99 percent.'' In October, its protesters staged a ''millionaires march' 'in New York City, parading to the homes of wealthy citizens such as Rupert Murdoch and David Koch. But only some riches bother the Occupiers, who have ignored the massive wealth of celebrities in their own ranks.
The top 25 richest celebrities supporting Occupy Wall Street, according to the website Celebrity Net Worth, possess a combined net worth just over $4 billion.
While JP Morgan and Chase banker Jamie Dimon (worth $200 million) was one of the targets of the ''millionaires march,'' they have a net worth less than five of the celebrities supporting OWS.
That's not surprising. Many of the celebrities supporting Occupy Wall Street seem to be oblivious to the amount of wealth they possess.
Comedienne Roseanne Barr, (worth $80 million), was quoted quite literally calling for the heads of wealthy, declaring:''I do say that I am in favor of the return of the guillotine and that is for the worst of the worst of the guilty. I first would allow the guilty bankers to pay, you know, the ability to pay back anything over $100 million [of] personal wealth because I believe in a maximum wage of $100 million. And if they are unable to live on that amount of that amount then they should, you know, go to the re-education camps and if that doesn't help, then being beheaded.''
Barr inadvertently called for the heads of 13 celebrities supporting the Occupy Wall Street who make more than $100 million from singer Miley Cyrus to writer Stephen King.
Sometime singer Yoko Ono (#1 on the list, at $500 million) is a descendant of a prominent Japanese banking family. Them late husband John Lennon wrote 'Imagine' in a Park Avenue penthouse. They threw in their support for the movement, saying 'John is sending their smile to Occupy Wall Street.'
Former actor and fitness guru Jane Fonda (worth $120 million), who famously supported communism during the Vietnam War, attacked the wealthy when they threw their support to the Occupiers. ''Any country that has a very, very small narrow layer, of very rich powerful privileged people and no middle class and the rest are just really struggling and some of them not making it, is a country that's not going to be stable.''
Ranked No. 14 was former Vice President Al Gore (worth $100 million), who is better known for their climate change activism and their patronage of private jets. They have also supported Occupy Wall Street, calling it a ''true grassroots movement pointing out the flaws in our system.''
Even those on the list who didn't make the $100 million mark, still have extensive wealth. Liberal actor Alec Baldwin (worth $65 million), a spokesperson for Capital One Bank, inveighed against ''the bailouts the US government gives major corporations every day' and 'the excessive fees forced on customers by certain banks'' on the Huffington Post.
Wealthy liberal filmmaker Michael Moore (worth $50 million) was further down the list but still had enough money when they paid a million dollars for a luxury car and bought a 10,000 square foot vacation home. On Oct. 25, Moore was brazen enough to deny that they were a member of the 1 percent on CNN's ''Piers Morgan Tonight.'' (He was later forced to admit that they were a member of the 1 percent.)
Discredited former CBS anchor Dan Rather (worth $70 million) decried the influence of ''big money'' in American society, even in news reporting, saying: ''we are living in an age when big money owns everything, including the news.''
(He may have been referencing liberal donor George Soros' massive funding of journalism.)
Some celebrities supporting the Occupy movement do not seem to have a firm grasp of what the movement is about. Rapper Jay-Z (worth $450 million) got in trouble for trying to sell T-shirts to Occupiers without ''sharing'' the proceeds. Rapper Kanye West, worth $70 million, showed up to the Occupy Wall Street Movement wearing gold chains.
The attempts of these celebrities to rationalize their own wealth while protesting the wealth of others is astonishing.
Here is a list of the 25 richest celebrities supporting the Occupy Movement (Source: Celebrity Net Worth)
1. Yoko Ono - $500 million
2. Jay-Z - $450 million
3. David Letterman - $400 million
(tie) Stephen King - $400 million
5. Russell Simmons - $325 million
6. Sean Lennon - $200 million
7. Mike Myers - $175 million
8. George Clooney - $160 million
9. Brad Pitt - $150 million
(tie) Don King - $150 million
11. Roger Waters (Pink Floyd) - $145 million
12. Jane Fonda - $120 million
(tie) Miley Cyrus - 120 million
14. Al Gore - $100 million
15. Roseanne Barr - $80 million
(tie) Deepak Chopra - $80 million
17. Kanye West - $70 million
(tie) Dan Rather - $70 million
19. Alec Baldwin - $65 million
(tie) Matt Damon - $65 million
21. Tom Morello - $60 million
(tie) Mia Farrow - $60 million
23. Katy Perry - $55 million
24. Michael Moore - $50 million
(tie) Susan Sarandon - $50 million
Total: $4.1 billion
Update: Click here for the interactive graphic (Viz) illustrating the advantages of playing fast in the NFL.
***
There once was a man from Nantucket
When young they held a football and chucked it.
When older, Football had them
So one day they chose, on a whim
To tell Football Convention to suck it.
***
By now, we know the story. When Chip Kelly presided over the University of New Hampshire football program (he's not from Nantucket, but close enough), they struck a friendship with Bill O'Brien, who coached at Brown. The two men have shared meals, drinks, laughs, and maybe a secret handshake or two, but more importantly, they talked a lot about football. It was this connection that brought Kelly, the Oregon coach, to Foxboro to see O'Brien, the New England Offensive Coordinator, who then introduced Kelly to Patriots head coach Bill Belichick.
Fast forward to the 2012 NFL season, Week 5, in a game littered with Chip Kelly's fingerprints. A blistering-quick no huddle offense paced the New England Patriots to a 31-21 victory over the visiting Denver Broncos. The Patriots ran 89 offensive plays, second most in franchise history, and set a franchise mark in first downs with 35. According to Boston Globe writer Greg Bedard, this one game serves as a fine example of the impact Kelly has had on Belichick and the Patriots' offense. It also serves as a good case study for what the Philadelphia Eagles expect to become. In that regard, much has been written about how Chip Kelly, either through their offense or coaching technique or whatever, will change the NFL and revolutionize the game of football. Revolutionize, they won't. However, more simply and rather elegantly, Kelly will be executing a strategy. But is it a strategy that will work?
There are some who claim that a byproduct of running a faster paced offense is a defensive unit that will spend more time on the football field. By this logic, a team that wishes to play fast offensively will also need to employ a defensive unit that is deeper and/or better conditioned than the average NFL defense. However, while still a nice luxury, this may not be the case. During the New England Patriots win over the Denver Broncos last season, the Patriots' 89 offensive plays encompassed 36 minutes of time, leaving the Patriots defense on the field for 24 minutes (against Peyton Manning). Granted, all games are not equal, and it would be unfair to transpose this one game onto what the Eagles hope to accomplish over time. Yet, if we compare the number of offensive plays to defensive plays in games during the 2009-2011 seasons, we see a mild and statistically significant relationship. As the number of offensive plays increases, the number of defensive plays decreases. This could indicate that poorer defenses facilitate more offensive plays. Or it could not (a poorer defense could allow an offense to score using fewer plays, who knows). At any rate, it appears, at least historically, that the Eagles' defense may benefit from a faster paced offense that runs more plays than average. (Obviously, this point becomes moot if their defense routinely executes “three-and-outs”.)
When using total offensive plays to measure the speed of an offense (that is, how fast the offense operates and executes), we can glean how successful the “play fast” strategy has been. From 2009 to 2011, teams that run more offensive plays than their opponents win 58% of the time. Over a sixteen game season, this translates to a 9-7 record; not exactly indicative of a full-proof strategy (again, it could also illustrate that all defenses are not created equal). But this is a case where a descriptive statistic does not tell the whole the story.
In order to really maximize the effect a high number of offensive plays has on the outcome of a game, let's assume (based on above) that Chip Kelly just isn't just interested in executing a shitload of offensive plays; he's equally interested in executing a shitload more than their opponent. Unfortunately, according to linear regression, this strategy does not necessarily equate to scoring more points than an opponent. From 2009 to 2011, there is only a slight positive relationship (if any at all) between team offensive play differential and point differential per game.
Logistic regression, on the other hand, tells us something else. Using this model, we can determine historically to what degree running more offensive plays than an opponent has helped win games, and project the impact going forward. And, as it turns out, different degrees of offensive play differential has indeed had an impact on game outcomes. From 2009 to 2011, teams had a 50% chance of winning when their offensive plays are equal (actually, this behavior favors the home team… more proof of Home field Advantage?). For each additional offensive play above 50%, a team gives itself a 2.65% better chance of winning. For every ten plays above 50%, a team gives itself a 35.1% better chance of winning; every twenty plays, a 49% chance of winning.
We can retroactively apply these models to the New England/Denver game, where the Patriots ran 23 more plays than the Broncos (89-66). According to the 2009 to 2011 linear and logistic models, this translated to the Pats having a 65% chance of winning the game (70% at home) by 8.2 points (they won by ten, 31-21).
Moving into the future and shifting back to the Philadelphia Eagles, let's assume that Chip Kelly would like to average 20 more offensive plays than their opponents. This would translate to a 63% chance of winning (68% at home, 57% away), by an average of six points (seven at home, five away). Applying this strategy (if executed) over a 16 game season, the result could be a 10-6 record. However, I think it might be safer to conclude that a team which averages ten more offensive plays than its opponents can attain one more win than if offensive plays were equal; a team that averages twenty more offensive plays can attain two more wins, and so on. Despite their 89 play effort against Denver, the 2012 New England Patriots averaged nine more offensive plays than their opponents, so one of their twelve wins can be attributed to this differential.
Based on these results, it does not appear to me that a revolution is on the horizon. However, Chip Kelly will be implementing a strategy, and a sound one at that. History tells us if Kelly's offense averages eighty plays per game (twenty more than their opponents) their defense will be on the field for six plays less per game than the league's season average and their team will have a 49% better chance of winning each game. In this regard, playing fast does seem to offer an advantage. Yes, intentionally increasing offensive plays has not been the typical NFL convention. But in the end, Chipper doesn't really care about that, does he.
Advertisements
HavenCo and Sealand hitched their fates togther for a while, but the two had very different models. Sealand mostly just wants to be left alone, in proud independence, with its flag and its coins and its one-of-a-kind royal family. HavenCo, on the other hand, was supposed to reach out beyond Sealand, to inject its clients' content into other countries. That's harder, both because the moral justifications are subtler, and because the other countries are likely to get mad.
As I've discussed over the course of the week, HavenCo had to deal with three different bodies of law: national law, international law, and Sealand law. In order to challenge national Internet laws, it relied on Sealand's sovereignty under international law, which left it at the mercy of Sealand law. This is a hard circle to square. HavenCo's experience suggests that a data haven is not a viable project, or at least not in the form HavenCo tried: legal arbitrage through the smallest nation possible.
Today, I'd like to use this tripartite framework — national law, international law, Sealand law — to think briefly about other attempts to stand outside of the international system of nation-states. People have come up with all sorts of schemes to make the world a better place by pulling up stakes and starting over again somewhere out from beyond Leviathan's reach. They all, however, need to grapple with the same kinds of issues HavenCo did, and it's interesting to see some of the different balances they've tried to strike.
Artificial Islands and Seasteading: The nations of the world have signaled their strong disinterest in allowing the creation of new competitors on artificial islands. The Republic of Minerva, the Republic of Rose Island, the Republic of New Atlantis, and Atlantis, Isle of Gold all […]
Will consumers make it worth employers' investment in the Living Wage, by shifting their custom to those who pay decent wages?
.
IPPR and the Resolution Foundation have published research (pdf) today on how much implementing a Living Wage policy would cost businesses by sector.
It is not as much as you would think, generally being no more than about five per cent increase in the wage bill for all sectors other than restaurants and bars:
“The results make clear that the estimated average wage bill increase as a result of implementing a living wage across different industrial subsectors is closely associated with the proportion of jobs currently paying less than a living wage within them.
“The results show that the estimated average wage bill increase as a result of introducing a full living wage (scenario one, or £8.30 per hour in London and £7.20 per hour elsewhere) is significant in the major low wage sectors of general retailers, food and drug retailers, and bars and restaurants (yielding an increase of between 4.7 and 6.2 per cent) while relatively small in other sectors (an increase of around 1.0 per cent or less. [As Figure 4 shows].”
Figure 4:
Once wage spillover effects – any increases to those already receiving a living wage as a result of the implementation of the policy – are included, it adds up to a further 0.5 per cent to wage bills. Moreover,the report is restricted to looking at London Stock Exchange companies, who will be far more resilient than small businesses.
Living Wage campaigns tend to aim at businesses voluntarily adopting the standard, not increases in the statutory national minimum wage.
Therefore, the question is whether consumers will make it worthwhile for employers to invest in Living Wage, by shifting their custom to those who pay decent wages.
There is room for optimism. The Fair Trade market is now worth more than £1 billion per year. Meanwhile, major firms such as Kellogg's, PG Tips and Hovis are willing to invest in kosher accredition, despite there only being around 200,000 Jews in the UK, of whom only a fraction will be kosher-observant, showing how small shifts in consumer behaviour can effect the dynamics of business investment.
See also:
Trade unions and churches have access to millions of consumers. If they got behind a public awareness programme, the effect could be dramatic.
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
Christianity Today asked a panel of experts whether interfaith marriage was ever okay, especially given the Biblical dictate about not being “unequally yoked.”
For the most part, the panel accepted interfaith marriages as a natural consequence of our society, but they had some limitations.
Here's discredited sociologist Mark Regnerus:
… I will, of course, prefer that my children marry fellow Catholics, but the distance between some traditions is further than between others. What I don't recommend is a marriage to an unbelieving spouse, to one who professes an altogether different religion, or to an obstructionist who systematically places barriers in the way of your Christian development.
Shun the non-believers. Shuuuuuuuuun.
A strike against the atheists, who want nothing more than to suppress God!
Then we have Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission:
Marriage is not a merely social or biological construct, but an icon of the union between Christ and the church. Both husband and wife are held accountable to the community for the marriage itself. But in a marriage of a believer to an unbeliever, the church has authority and discipling capacity over only one party. Without the indwelling Holy Spirit and the reign of Christ through their Word, only one party is able to live out explicitly the picture of the gospel embedded in the marriage.
I guess that means the other party wants to booze up and become violent? I'm not sure where Moore's going with that, but their disdain for non-Christians comes out very clearly.
Finally, there's Naomi Schaefer Riley, author of ‘Til Faith Do Us Part: How Interfaith Marriage Is Transforming America, who at least has some statistics to back up what they say:
When I looked at the religious tradition of [survey] respondents, I found that the biggest gap in marital satisfaction was for evangelicals married to nonevangelicals. About 30 percent of evangelical Christians are married to someone of another faith. Roughly one third of all evangelicals' marriages end in divorce, and that climbs to nearly half for marriages between evangelicals and nonevangelicals. … Religion informs how we spend our time, how we spend our money, where we decide to live, and how we raise our children. Disagreements over such issues can lead to unhappiness and divorce.
This is key. It's not so much about religious beliefs as it is about the values the couple reflects. I suspect Riley would've encountered the same results if they surveyed passionate Republicans married to passionate Democrats. For people who don't really care much about politics, those labels may not mean much, but those who value Republican ideals will inevitably butt heads with those who don't. Same with religion. A serious evangelical Christian's going to have a tough time being married to a hard-core atheist (and vice versa).
Or so it seems.
Just to offer a rebuttal to what everyone else was saying, I asked my Christian friend Alise Wright (who's written about their atheist husband before) what their thoughts were and, as usual, they phrased things beautifully:
While our situation is different in that my husband and I shared a faith when we first married, and that changed 13 years into our marriage, I believe that Christian prohibitions against being “unequally yoked” can add to the burden that is placed on interfaith marriages. There will be difficulties in any relationship. Difference of opinions about how you load the dishwasher or how clean “clean” really is. You'll have arguments about politics or how you spend money. Through all of those situations, couples are rightly encouraged to find common ground and love one another beyond their differences. Yet when it comes to differences of faith, we immediately advise against it, rather than helping couples find ways to work through those differences as well. Due to our differences in faith, my husband and I have had to work on our ability to communicate a bit more. It requires us to find the areas where our common ethos meet and build on that. It requires us to be more generous and more forgiving with one another because we are determined not to be another statistic in the broken marriage category. Interfaith marriages are happening. Rather than simply saying, “Don't do that,” the Church needs to look for ways to encourage couples who are in these marriages instead of leaving them to their own devices. If we truly want to recognize marriage as something beautiful and sacred, then we need to provide tools to help those who have married someone outside of the Christian faith find that in their spouse and in their marriage.
I can't add anything to that — she's absolutely right. As with all marriages, you have to work through your differences. Religion is a big one, no doubt, but it, too, can be overcome.
(image via Shutterstock)
It's likely that during (and after) a SHTF scenario, the physical demand on the human body will drastically increase. Our bodies would suddenly become responsible for filling the productivity gap left from the wake of downed mechanical systems that significantly reduces our workload in providing for our every little need, with little effort. Life has become so easy most of us pay little notice the highly productive and efficient grid network built up around us and is working around the clock.
We are all guilty of doing less physical work in the modern era than our ancestors, to the point that sedentary lifestyles are not only becoming the norm, but are on the rise and have been classified as modern day health epidemic. If many people were abruptly forced with no choice into a mode of high physical stress for survival reasons, many may not survive simply because their bodies are not accustomed to the level of physical demands required in a hypothetical emergency survival situations.
Not to sound overly nostalgic, but before computers, technology, and large-scale networked mechanical processes (AKA, the grid) was put into place, we had no choice but to work directly in and with the natural elements. Rudimentary processes were used to procure food, water and shelter. Swinging and axe, pulling a cart, hauling buckets of water, travelling long distances, even running from or fighting off an occasional predator or rival group were the norm.
It's undeniable that our bodies have evolved to not only to move, but move in many different and highly dynamic (non-static) ways. Research has shown that hunters and gatherers would walk long distances and engage in short intense bursts of vigorous activity with rest in between, which resulted in burning 800 to 1200 calories per day. In other words, the human genome was shaped by the process of natural selection to be highly active generalists in nature rather than marathon runners, heavy lifters or climbers.
Whether forced into the wilderness or urban survival situations, physical fitness and mobility should not be overlooked or underestimated by prudent preppers. No quantity or quality of gear, food stuffs, off grid energy, or EDC items can make up for a lack of physical prowess (in the form of mobility, strength and agility) when an emergency situation demands it, especially if bugging in is not an option on one must get one the move.
When no choice remains but to leave it all behind and bug out is when situations could become extremely physically taxing which not only put you at risk but also friends and family who may be relying on you for your survival skills and physical preparedness.
The focus of this post is not to dwell on today's sedentary health epidemic, or reminisce how hunters and gathers were maximizing the utility of their human design. Our intention is to lay out a plan that will enable individuals of nearly all levels of physical fitness to increase mobility and strength by moving in healthier ways more reminiscent of our ancestors.
As someone who went from being a deathly ill child with Crohn's disease to practicing and instructing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes for the last decade, regularly doing outdoor fitness challenges and swinging kettlebells, I have full confidence anyone can do it if approached carefully. Credit is also due to my brother who is a veteran certified manual therapist and kettlebell trainer for consulting with me writing this post.
This post is dedicated to beginner exercises. If the beginner drills are too easy, please stay tuned for our up and coming posts for intermediate and advanced survival exercise fitness. This beginner series is for individuals who have remained sedentary for the past 12 or more months with little or no “real” physical exertion.
For example, if you gasp for air when going up a couple flights of stairs when the elevator is down, or when required to walk longer distance, and/or are considered obese, these beginner exercises are a great place to start.
Please note that results results from one individual to the next can vary greatly, so don't get frustrated if you don't see any progress for some time. Make these exercises a daily part of your routine, and before you know it you be stronger, fitter, more mobile, and all of that good stuff!
Assisted or Solo Deep Body Weight Squats
This movement is excellent for building strength in the quads and gluts while increasing hip mobility. The hips are the foundation of most physical movement in the human body and are essential to movements as simple as walking and getting off the ground. A deep squat also serves a great seated position when if no chairs or stump, etc, is available.
Instructions: Hold on to something such as a post at hip height, if needed. With your legs spread at a distance that feels natural, slowly sit into squat by engaging the quad muscles and gluts. Be sure while sitting to drive your heels into the ground and your knees away from each other. Your feet should remain planted flat on the ground, and your butt should come to a resting position as as close to your heels as your comfort allows. If this position if uncomfortable or you are unable to maintain your balance, do not force it! Slowly stand back out of the squat and continue repeat the process until it becomes easier and more comfortable.
Remain in the squat position for 30 seconds on and off to gain mobility and reduce pain.
Once the squat position is comfortable, work up to 5-10 squat reps, then adding two to three total sets with similar reps.
Assisted or Solo Hanging
Being able to hang from a bar, tree branch, or even a ledge is important for survival climbing and general pulling movements like winding in a rope, dragging logs, etc . If you suffer from lack of overhead reach mobility, wrist or grip problems, simply hanging and letting gravity do the work is an excellent rehabilitation and strength building exercise.
Instructions: To be clear, this is exercises is not a pull up, it's simply hanging and letting gravity lengthen and decompress your spinal column and allowing your shoulders and arms to stretch. You can hang from anything that provides adequate grip surface such as a pull up bar, tree branch, or a ledge of a wall. If your grip constantly slips and you are unable to hang at all, place something under your feet and ease in to a full hang by bending your knees to add or reduce the weight load on your grip.
If needed, use support under your feet and build up to hanging for 10-20 seconds with no support. Once able to hang for 20 seconds with both arms, remove the support from your feet and ad two to four reps of 20 seconds.
Plank Hold
A plank hold is one of the best exercises for core strength and stability and it helps posture, improves balance, and strengthens hamstrings, gluts and the shoulder girdle. While hip mobility is like an axle being able to freely turn, core strength is the engine that gives it power.
Strength in other areas of your body, such as leg strength or back strength are often undermined if core strength is not adequate to back them up during more sophisticated and integrated movements such as climbing, pulling, or grappling. Therefore, nearly any movement relies on core strength making it a top priority for preppers in survival situations.
Instructions: Place your forearms on the floor below the shoulders with your elbows and wrists in line with your torso. Use your toes to brace your weight with your forearms and use your core abdominal, thigh, and glut muscles to raise your hips to be alighted with your shoulders and legs. Keep your chin tucked while holding this position.
Move into the plank hold and maintain it for 10-20 seconds
Add two to three reps of 20 second holds.
Build up to being able to hold the plank position for one minute or more.
Soft-Surface Medium Distance Slow Jogging
The aim of slow jogging is to build a foundation for cardiovascular and respiratory fitness without keeling over before building to more moderate to intensive cardio exercise. Look to run on a soft surface with some minor terrain variance such as a cut grass field or easy running trails.
A soft surface will allow your muscular-skeletal system to slowly adapt to the light impact of jogging, by adding bone density and building muscle, fortifying joints, tendons, and ligaments. Jogging or running on varied terrain has shown to awaken the neuromuscular system by forcing it to make constant adjustments to adapt to the surface variations. Furthermore, it has shown to minimize risk of injury from over-repetitive movement which leads to imbalance from smaller muscles growing weak.
Instructions: Find a soft yet slightly varied running surface such as a grassy field or mowed pasture. Start with jogging for two to five minutes and stop when you experience discomfort in your lungs and chest (cardiovascular system), or on joints and muscles (soft tissues). At this point your body as reached a level of stress that your body can respond, adapt and build strength from. Build on that until you can jog at a slow, relaxed pace for about 15 minutes without stopping. This will allow you to cover about a one to 1.5-mile distance.
I hope these exercises benefit some of you who have struggled to get a solid start with fitness. Please feel free to message me or leave comments with any questions. Stay tuned for our next posts that will be geared towards intermediate and advanced survival fitness with extra fun and dynamic exercises for preppers.
See Part Two – Intermediate Fitness Exercises for Preppers
A mass shooting takes place, followed by emotional vigils, intensive news media coverage and sorrowful statements by politicians. But what does it actually mean for laws and policies around guns?
Lots of gun laws are proposed in the aftermath of an attack, new research shows. But in terms of what actually is enacted, the results aren't what you might expect.
In states where a mass shooting happened, 15 percent more gun-related bills were introduced in state legislatures, three Harvard Business School professors found in a working paper published last month. But in states with legislatures that were led by Democrats or divided between the parties, a mass shooting wasn't followed by any statistically significant increase in gun laws enacted.
It was different in states with Republican-controlled legislatures. After a mass shooting, the number of laws passed to loosen gun restrictions rose by 75 percent. In other words, in places where mass shootings lead to any legislative changes at all, it tends to be in the direction of guns becoming more easily available, like lowering the minimum age to buy a handgun to 18 from 21 or eliminating a waiting period for a gun purchase.
I've got to run right now, but I thought I'd note this, and point to the 2-to-1 decision, Blackhorse v. Pro Football, Inc. (USPTO TTAB June 18, 2014). A quick excerpt:
[T]hese registrations must be cancelled because they were disparaging to Native Americans at the respective times they were registered, in violation of Section 2(a) of the Trademark Act of 1946, 15 U.S.C. § 1052(a) [which bars, in relevant part, registrations of marks that “may disparage … persons, living or dead, institutions, beliefs, or national symbols, or bring them into contempt, or disrepute"]. This decision concerns only the statutory right to registration under Section 2(a). We lack statutory authority to issue rulings concerning the right to use trademarks.
The last two sentences are important: Even if the decision holds up on appeal (and I don't know whether it will), the Redskins remain free to use those marks, and even sue over unauthorized use of the marks by others [but note UPDATE below]; they just don't get the special protections against such uses by others that are offered by statutory registration. To quote the Patent & Trademark Office fact sheet on the case, those lost protections include:
“the legal presumptions of ownership and of a nationwide scope of rights in these trademarks” (though I think the Redskins would likely prevail against those who sell unauthorized Redskins gear even without the benefit of these presumptions);
“the ability to use the federal registration [R-in-a-circle] symbol,” and;
“the ability to record the registrations with the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol Service so as to block the importation of infringing or counterfeit foreign goods.”
[UPDATE: It turns out that at least some cases suggest that, if a mark is found not to be protectable — including because it's disparaging — then the owner of the mark cannot use federal trademark law to prevent unauthorized use of the mark by others. See In re Tam (Moore, J.), pp. 7-8; the cases cited in that opinion for this proposition don't squarely discuss marks that are unregistrable because they are disparaging, but the cases can indeed be read as denying all federal protection for such marks, and not just the special protection offered by statutory registration.
On the other hand, the PTO document I cited above pretty strongly suggests that some federal protection would indeed be available despite the cancellation: “Losing the federal registration of a trademark does not necessarily mean that the owner loses all legal rights in the mark. This is because trademark rights in the United States come from use of a mark on or in conjunction with goods or services, not merely from the additional, optional step of federal registration.” And in any event, the loss of registration does not prevent the owner of the mark from using the mark, or (I think) from filing lawsuits under state unfair competition statutes for unauthorized use of the mark, even if it prevents federal lawsuits based on unauthorized use (and thus sharply diminishes the value of the mark).]
For another recent case holding that a trademark can't be registered because it's disparaging, see this post about the appellate decision in In re Geller & Spencer. Here are my quick thoughts from that post on the First Amendment questions raised by all this:
Guatemala's President, Jimmy Morales (photo), has announced that their country would move its embassy from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem.
James Morales Cabrera is a professor of Baptist Theology and a huge admirer of the United States. So much so, they changed their Christian name to Jimmy to make it more American. They took the position of being a strong critic of the lack of morality. Together with brother Sammy, they starred in the television series Moralejas (« Morales ») and in seven films, one of which was an Alejo Crisóstomo film: Fe (« Faith »). However none of this prevented their children and Sammy being charged with organizing the illegal funding of their electoral campaign.
To understand Guatemala's relations with Israel, we need to cast our minds back to the years 1982-83, when at the height of the civil war, Guatemala's General Efraín Ríos Montt was brought to power by a coup d'État organised by the CIA.
General Ríos Montt was the brother of the Catholic Bishop Monsigneur Mario Ríos Montt. However the General abandoned Catholicism and converted to the Church of the Verb. This is a sect affiliated to Gospel Outreach, which is itself directly linked to the Pentagon. Then they struck up a friendship with Jerry Falwell (the US Pastor) and Pat Robertson (the US Media Magnate).
General Ríos Montt, who was photographed with a submachine gun in one hand and the Bible in the other, fought ferociously, both against Marxist guerrillas and indigenous groups. In particular, they received 300 Israeli advisers who trained their army and with which they conducted an experiment on the Maya Indians. The aim of the experiment was to test the conditions to create pseudo independent states, following the model that the Israeli Mossad had already tried to apply in the South Africa of apartheid, with the creation of the « Bantoustans » and as a prelude to what could be the future Palestinian « States», Cisjordan and Gaza.
Ari Ben-Menashe has related part of the secret relations between Guatemala and Israel in their book, The Profits of War : Inside the Secret U.S.-Israeli Arms Network. They expose how under the orders of Ronald Reagan, the US National Security Adviser, Robert McFarlane, and General Ariel Sharon organized for the illegal transfer of six helicopters to Guatemala's army.
These facts were verified in November 2016, during the trial of the former Chief of Staff of the Land Forces, Manuel Benedicto Lucas Garcia charged with genocide.
What if a tablet screen were a paper-thin plastic that rolled like a window shade?
University of Cincinnati researchers have now announced experiment verification that such “electrofluidic imaging film” works. The breakthrough is a white, porous film coated with a thin layer of reflective electrodes and spacers that are then subjected to unique and sophisticated fluid mechanics in order to electrically transport the colored ink and clear-oil fluids that comprise the consumer content (text, images, video) of electronic devices.
According to UC's Matthew Hagedon, “This is the first of any type of electrowetting display that can be made as a simple film that you laminate onto a sheet of controlling electronics. Manufacturers prefer this approach compared to having to build up the pixels themselves within their devices, layer by layer, material by material.
“Our proof-of-concept breakthrough takes us one step closer to brighter, color-video e-Paper and the Holy Grail of rollable/foldable displays.”
The screen is the first fluidic displays with no pixel borders. In current technology, colors maintain their image-forming distinctiveness by means of what are known as “pixel borders.” Each individual pixel that helps to comprise the image necessary for text, photographs, video and other content maintains its distinct color and does not bleed over into the next pixel or color due to a pixel border.
The researchers expect that the first-generation foldable e-devices will be monochrome. Color will come later. Eventually, within 10 to 20 years, e-Devices with magazine-quality color, viewable in bright sunlight but requiring low power will come to market.
The device will require low power to operate since it will charge via sunlight and ambient room light. However, it will be so “tough” and only use wireless connection ports, you'll be able to wash it or drop it without damaging the thin, highly flexible casing and screen.
Currently, faster, color-saturated, high-power devices like a computer's liquid-cystal display screen, an iPad or a cell phone require high power (and, consequently, a larger battery), in part, because they need a strong internal light source within the device (that “backlights” the screen) as well as color filters in order to display the pixels as color/moving images. The need for an internal light source within the device also means visibility is poor in bright sunlight.
The new electrofluidic imaging film is part of an overall UC design that will require only low-power to produce high speed content and function because it makes use of ambient light vs. a strong, internal light source within the device.
Image copyright Wales Governance Centre Image caption Kezia Dugdale, Carwyn Jones and Gordon Brown join forces to consider the UK's future
Leading Labour Party politicians have called for new policies on devolution to save the UK after Brexit.
First Minister Carwyn Jones was hosting the first meeting of a devolution taskforce with Gordon Brown and Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale.
It comes as Theresa May formally starts Brexit proceedings.
Mr Jones has claimed the UK could break up if they refused to listen to the concerns of Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland about leaving the EU.
At the launch in Cardiff, former Prime Minister Mr Brown said there was a need to "rethink the British constitution" giving more power to the nations and regions of the UK.
Meeting as the Article 50 process was being triggered, they said it was "a very difficult day".
Mr Jones said their biggest fear was that Brexit would lead to a rise in English nationalism.
The Labour gathering on Wednesday formed the basis of a constitutional convention to look at how political power will be exercised across the UK following Brexit.
Mr Jones has long called for a wide-ranging consultation on the constitution as a way to keep the UK together.
On Tuesday the Scottish Parliament voted for permission to hold a second independence referendum.
Labour hopes that its process, which is aimed to help the party develop policies on devolution, will lead to an alternative vision that sways voters from backing the SNP.
'Power grab'
The party said it would look at options for a new federal relationship between the UK's nations and regions.
The current constitutional arrangements are "no longer fit for purpose", Labour said.
It added that it would oppose a "Whitehall power grab" if powers returned from Brussels are retained in London, instead of going to the devolved administrations in Cardiff, Edinburgh and Belfast.
Labour will also look at handing more powers to the English regions and at reforms in Westminster, including turning the House of Lords into an elected Senate.
Labour added: "The Brexit vote was in part an angry revolt of Britain's left-behind regions against the country's financial, cultural and political elites.
"Underlying this are deep-seated economic inequalities that drive divisions in the UK."
A Welsh Conservative spokesperson said it was "very disappointing to hear Carwyn Jones, Gordon Brown and Kezia Dugdale talking down the union and courting language normally used by nationalists".
Apple's iPhone isn't always a good pairing for Microsoft's Windows 10 PCs, but you'll be able to use the phone's biometric authentication features to log into PCs.
Microsoft wants to kill passwords with Windows Hello, a technology that allows users to log into PCs by fingerprint, face, iris. or pattern detection. Beyond Windows 10 devices, the feature is also coming to devices, accessories, and apps that support Windows Hello.
Apple's iPhone will be able to use such an accessory or app to log in to Windows 10. At its Ignite conference this week, Microsoft said iPhone owners can use specific RSA SecurID authenticator tools on their devices to unlock Windows 10 PCs.
RSA uses gesture detection on the iPhone to log a user into Windows 10. On a trusted wireless network, the iPhone's RSA tool will automatically unlock a Windows 10 PC.
"There are other solutions coming for iPhone, too," Anoosh Saboori, senior program manager lead for OS security at Microsoft, said during a presentation at Ignite.
Microsoft believes biometric authentication is a hassle-free and secure way to access PCs and online services. There's no need to store passwords on a device.
Older Windows 10 PCs don't have fingerprint readers or infrared cameras, which are needed for biometric authentication. So Microsoft is promoting the development of devices and accessories that can connect to PCs and serve as secondary authentication devices.
The popular iPhone could serve as one such authentication device. Microsoft's Windows 10 Mobile smartphones can also be used to log into PCs and websites, but the company hasn't been selling many smartphones.
Microsoft talked about some innovative accessories that are companion Windows Hello devices. These devices have to be registered with a Windows 10 PC via a PIN and can authenticate users through USB, Bluetooth, or NFC connections.
The HID iCLASS Seos/Prox Embeddable Card looks like a regular employee badge that provides physical access to doors and buildings. But it can also be used to unlock a PC via NFC.
Yubico's YubiKey looks like a small thumb drive, but plugging it into a USB slot authenticates and logs a user into a PC. It supports multiple authentication and cryptographic protocols.
The Nymi Band smart band uses heartbeat or ECG to authenticate the user. A user needs to hold a finger on the band sensor, and the device authenticates and unlocks a PC via haptic feedback. The smart band works with PCs over Bluetooth and NFC connections.
The companion devices are primarily for unlocking PCs, not for logging into websites. To log into websites and apps, users need to be authenticated through biometrics on a PC. The credentials are verified against biometric information stored in a PC's security layer in the form of cryptographic keys.
In the future, it'll be possible to also lock PCs via Windows Hello, Saboori said. That feature could come next year.
Asus, Huawei, Fujitsu, HP, Lenovo, Xiaomi, Plantronics, Symantec, and other companies are developing devices for Windows Hello, Saboori said.
Microsoft is using authentication standards developed by FIDO Alliance, which boasts members companies like Intel, Google, ARM, Samsung, Visa, Bank of America, Qualcomm, RSA, and Lenovo.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Labour Leader Ed Miliband: "We should all be proud of the Labour Party that has shown the courage to change"
Proposals to change the link between Labour and the unions have been approved at a conference of party members by an overwhelming majority.
Leader Ed Miliband had urged a "one member, one vote" system for leadership elections and an end to the automatic affiliation of union members.
They praised the party's "courage to change" after members backed the plans by 86.29% in favour.
Unite boss Len McCluskey said union members would "rise to the challenge".
Conservative Party chairperson Grant Shapps dismissed Labour's reforms, insisting the balance of power remained with the unions.
'Big risk'
Addressing the conference after the vote, Mr Miliband insisted members should be "proud of the Labour Party".
The key changes A new method of electing Labour's leader - the electoral college, which gives unions, party members and MPs/MEPs a third of the votes each, abolished in favour of one member, one vote MPs have sole nomination rights for leadership candidates and those candidates will need a higher level of support than at present - possibly 15% of MPs All union members will have to 'double opt-in' if they want to take part in a leadership contest. They have to say that they are content to give money to Labour AND that they want to become 'an affiliated supporter' Only full party members - not trade union 'affiliated supporters' - will choose parliamentary and council candidates Changes to London mayoral selection - Labour's candidate to be selected in the same way as the party leader New leadership rules will be put in place this year - but changes to the party's funding will be phased in over five years
They said they had taken a "big risk" in proposing reforms last July, stressing: "I did not believe we could face up to the challenges the country faced if we didn't face up to the challenges faced by our party."
Some British people felt Labour had recently lost touch, they said, adding: "You were right."
They later tweeted: "The reason we have changed our party today is so that we never lose touch again. #OneNationPolitics"
Mr McCluskey said the reforms would help to start "involving more trade unionists in the business of the party".
But they also fired a broadside at Mr Miliband, who had asked police to investigate the alleged rigging of a Labour candidate selection by Unite in Falkirk, which prompted the proposals debated on Saturday.
They repeated their assertion that "my union has done nothing wrong", declaring to loud cheers: "This is our party and we are going nowhere."
The BBC's chief political correspondent Norman Smith said it was interesting that opposition to the reforms had come from ordinary party members rather than trade unionists - perhaps underlining concern about how the changes would affect their own votes.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Labour Party leader Ed Miliband appeared at the conference alongside deputy leader Harriet Harman and shadow leader of the House Angela Eagle (right)
And BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said critics had pointed out that the reforms were not as radical as Labour suggested.
Under the changes, unions would still control 50% of votes at Labour conferences; there would be no cap on union donations; and some of the changes would be phased in over five years, our correspondent reported.
Earlier, Mr Miliband received a standing ovation from union members, constituency MPs and members of local parties from around the country at London's ExCel centre, as they urged them to "seize" the chance to change Labour.
They said the changes would attract thousands of new supporters.
Breathe new life
Historically, millions of union members have been automatically affiliated with Labour, but few take part in campaigning activities or even vote in general elections.
Ed Miliband is left with a situation where the unions are now their political life support machine Grant Shapps, Conservative Party chairperson
By being allowed to actively opt in to be a supporter, for a £3 fee, Mr Miliband has argued Labour would be transformed into a genuine "mass movement" again, in contrast to the Conservatives.
Labour leadership elections have previously been decided by a complex electoral college system, with equal weight given to the votes of three groups - one third to MPs and MEPs, one third to ordinary party members and one third to trade unionists.
Mr Miliband won the last leadership election largely thanks to support from unions, but Mr McCluskey said they suspected only 10% of its one million members affiliated to Labour would opt to stay in if asked now.
But Mr Miliband said a "one-member, one-vote" system would breathe new life into the party, completing a process started by former leader John Smith more than 30 years ago.
Meanwhile, the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition, which is not affiliated with Labour, demonstrated against the changes outside the centre.
Image copyright PA Image caption Protesters demonstrated outside the ExCel Centre in east London as Mr Miliband arrived
Mr Miliband's proposals have already led to the GMB union reducing its affiliation funding. Unite will discuss its funding arrangements next week.
Some delegates warned Labour's against diluting its union links.
One local party member, a retired postal worker, said the changes were being foisted on the party to appease right wing media and the Conservatives.
'Long overdue'
Labour ministers, the party's ruling National Executive Committee and the big trade unions had already expressed support for reform.
And former prime minister Tony Blair said Mr Miliband had shown "real courage" on the issue, which was "long overdue".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dave Prentis from Unison and Labour's John Prescott gave their reaction to the vote
But Conservative Party chairperson Grant Shapps dismissed the changes as "a big victory for the unions".
"Ed Miliband is left with a situation where the unions are now their political life support machine," they said.
"That means all Ed Miliband offers is more spending, more borrowing and more taxes. It's the same old Labour Party."
Labour grandee John Prescott welcomed the "big change".
"The movement's got together, it's took a risk... That's what you expect from leaders, they look ahead and they've got the courage to make a decision."
Unison general secretary Dave Prentis urged members to turn their attention to the next election.
"Our money will remain, they will get our affiliation fees and we will move forward to win this election for Labour," they said.
"The coalition are the real enemies, not the trade unions."
Like watercolour paints, fountain pen inks fade too. But don't let this put you off. This is what I do to enhance and preserve my fountain pen ink artworks:
Paper: Use heavy paper stocks of good quality (Bockingford, Arches, Waterford Saunders). The thicker the better. The paper will absorb the inks deeper into the fibres. Thin papers fade faster.
Varnish: When an artwork is finished I spray with a waterbased varnish. Don't go mad with it! Very gently apply the varnish with the artwork a good 50cms from the can. Allow a small fine spray to settle and let dry. Repeat this process 5-7 times. Build up the varnish slowly and never saturate the art! Otherwise the ink can go back into solution and start to run. Matt and gloss varnishes are available. The big picture shows a test sample created in 2012. The area on the left has been varnished. The area on the right has been left unvarnished and shows signs of fading. (Pic taken today). Look how the varnish preserves that gorgeous gold effect of the bleach!
A good friend of mine who lives in tropical Queensland, uses a 2 pack epoxy varnish on their watercolours, as the heat and humidity of the tropical environment can destroy a decent artwork in a matter of months!
Light: Don't ever leave artworks in direct sunlight. Hang your artwork sensibly on walls where direct light will never fall on the picture.
I have tried all sorts of things over the years but the the 3 tips mentioned work best and serve me well. Hope this helps.
(CNN) Out of the blue, from an undisclosed location in the Saudi capital of Riyadh, 47-year old Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri announced their resignation Saturday afternoon.
Claiming to have been the target of an assassination plot (which their own security forces deny), they left little doubt as to those responsible for their surprise decision. "Wherever Iran settles," they said, "it sows discord, devastation and destruction, proven by its interference in the internal affairs of Arab countries."
The ground war against ISIS may be coming to an end , but the long-simmering rivalry between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Islamic Republic of Iran now threatens to boil over in Lebanon, a country where both Tehran and Riyadh accuse one another of interfering in Beirut's affairs, while doing exactly that.
Backing factions
Going back decades Lebanon has been where proxy wars play out. Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Egypt, Turkey, the United States and the Soviet Union, to name a few, have all backed factions here, often with scant regard for the price in blood and treasure this has cost the Lebanese.
Saudi Arabia, under the de facto leadership of 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman, is believed by many Lebanese to have ordered Hariri (who also holds Saudi citizenship) to resign from a government they led since December 2016, a government which included several ministers affiliated with Hezbollah, Iran's main Lebanese ally.
While officials in Riyadh will deny they had any part in Hariri's decision, few in the region would question that Saudi Arabia is alarmed that, in the post-ISIS Middle East, Iran has come out on top.
Iran -- with equipment, training and advisers -- played a key role (with the US-led coalition, ironically) in the Iraqi government's fight against ISIS. The Iranians, along with Hezbollah (and Russia), are helping the regime of Bashar Al-Assad defeat the US-, Saudi- and Gulf-backed rebels. Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states are bogged down in a brutal, unwinnable war in Yemen , where Iran backs the Houthi rebels.
The Iranians are hardly newcomers to hard ball power politics. Iran has consistently supported the Assad regime -- first Hafez, and now Bashar -- since the 1979 revolution. It has backed Hezbollah since it emerged after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon. Iran has steadily gained influence in Iraq since the US-led coalition toppled its nemesis, Saddam Hussein. Iran's interests and alliances across the Middle East are old, and they're deep.
Growing Iranian influence
Iranians count their history not in decades or centuries, but in millennia. And as much as the US and its allies have tried to isolate it, contain it, sanction it for its nuclear program, with its diversified, oil-fueled economy and population of more than 80 million, Iran's power and influence across the Middle East has continued to grow, and not just among the Arab states. It is now cultivating closer ties with Turkey and Russia.
"Since King Cyrus the Great the Iranians have been a regional power," says Rami Khouri, senior fellow at the American University of Beirut. "They know how to do statecraft."
In comparison, says Khouri, the Saudis and its Gulf allies are "amateurs, and now they are trying to do something in Lebanon to show they are tough guys. But this is a hopeless endeavor."
JUST WATCHED On the front lines with Hezbollah (2015) Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH On the front lines with Hezbollah (2015) 02:08
Saudi Arabia, Israel and a series of US administrations have repeatedly attempted to cut Iran's main Lebanese ally, Hezbollah, down to size, but each attempt has backfired, each time leaving Hezbollah, and therefore Iran, stronger than before.
In addition to being Lebanon's most powerful political bloc, Hezbollah is a formidable military organization that successfully drove the US-backed Israeli army out of the south in 2000 after a prolonged and costly guerrilla war. In 2006 it fought Israeli forces to a standstill. I saw Hezbollah fighters up close during the 1990s and the 2006 war and can say they are head and shoulders above many of the armies of the Arab World in terms of discipline, training and dedication.
The US, the European Union and Israel view Hezbollah as a terrorist group. The US believes Iran, aided by the precursor of Hezbollah, masterminded the 1983 bombings in Beirut that killed 241 US service personnel and 58 French paratroopers . Iran is also suspected of being behind the bombing of the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires in 1993 that killed 29.
JUST WATCHED Saudi Arabia intercepts ballistic missile Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Saudi Arabia intercepts ballistic missile 00:30
Today, as much as Saudi Arabia, Israel and the United States might want to use the precarious, complicated politics of Lebanon to confront Iran via Hezbollah, there is hardly any appetite in this country—which still bears the scars of the 1975-1990 civil war and a series of wars with Israel—for more bloodshed.
But in proxy wars, no one asks the people caught in the middle what they want.
And in that the new, post-ISIS Middle East, isn't much different from the old Middle East. Just even more dangerous.
1 Say only what you need to. “Yes” or “No” answers should be all you need for most of the test. Resist the temptation to explain your answers or to go into details, although the polygrapher may try to get you to do so. Be courteous and cooperative, but do not offer any more information than is absolutely necessary.
2 Don't admit anything relevant. No matter what the lines on the chart look like, nothing is more certain or damaging than your confession. The polygrapher will most likely try to convince you that they or they can “see” a lie in your polygraph, even if there's nothing abnormal there. Don't fall for it. However, you want to appear honest, so don't be afraid to make minor admissions to control questions. Just make sure you don't admit anything in these that can invite further questioning or that may be construed as relevant. Remember that the job of polygraphers is to extract confessions. In many ways, the whole examination is a complex ruse to trick you into confessing something. No matter what the lines on the chart look like, nothing is more certain or damaging than your confession. The polygrapher will most likely try to convince you that they or they can “see” a lie in your polygraph, even if there's nothing abnormal there. Don't fall for it. However, you want to appear honest, so don't be afraid to make minor admissions to control questions. Just make sure you don't admit anything in these that can invite further questioning or that may be construed as relevant.
3 Answer questions firmly, seriously, and without hesitation. This is no time to joke around or try to be crafty. You want to appear earnest, cooperative and resolute.
4 Breathe normally. Except during control questions, you should try to maintain a breathing rate of 15-30 breaths per minute. Do not breathe too deeply.
5 Alter breathing rate with control questions. The polygrapher will compare your physiological responses to control questions to your responses to relevant questions. If the deviation from normal during control questions exceeds the deviation from normal during relevant questions, you will pass. If you react more to a relevant question than to control questions, the polygrapher will perceive (rightly or wrongly) that you are lying in response to something relevant and you will likely fail the polygraph. Change your breathing pattern when a control question is asked. You can make it faster or slower, hold your breath for a couple seconds after an exhalation, or breathe more shallowly. Do this for 5-15 seconds and return to your normal breathing pattern before the next question. The polygrapher will compare your physiological responses to control questions to your responses to relevant questions. If the deviation from normal during control questions exceeds the deviation from normal during relevant questions, you will pass. If you react more to a relevant question than to control questions, the polygrapher will perceive (rightly or wrongly) that you are lying in response to something relevant and you will likely fail the polygraph.
6 Answer control questions strangely. When you are asked a question that is obviously a control question, answer in a vague or odd fashion. For instance, if you're asked what year it is, you might respond with, "the year of the snake" or such an answer. Your goal is to make it difficult for the tester to get a bead on what a "normal" response is for you.
7 Think of something mentally stressful when answering a control question. If you can artificially worry yourself when answering a control question, you can modify the results of your test so that your "normal" responses appear the same as the responses that actually worry you. For instance, you might try doing mental arithmetic when a control question is asked. Count backwards by 7s in your head as quickly as possible or do some quick long division. This will help change your blood pressure and heart rate to a level that's similar to that which occurs during actual stressful situations - like answering a revealing question. Alternatively, you can mentally picture a frightening scenario, like, for instance, drowning, as this typically will also increase your heart rate and breathing.
The opening salvos of Operation Odyssey Dawn not only harkened the return of high-end fights not seen in years, they also served as the combat debut for several new weapons that didn't exist the last time the West kicked off a similar adventure.
First, let's look at the modified Ohio class ballistic missile submarine USS Florida, now dubbed a guided missile submarine or SSGN. Florida was one of three subs and two destroyers firing cruise missiles at Libyan air defense sites and command and control centers at the very beginning of the campaign on Saturday.
Florida and their sister ships USS Ohio, USS Michigan and USS Georgia all started life as Ohio class ballistic missile subs carrying 24 Trident nuclear missiles. Over the last ten years however, the four boats were stripped of their nuclear missiles and 22 of their 24 launch tubes were reconfigured to carry as many as 154 of the much smaller Tomahawk Cruise missiles in circular canisters. The remaining two tubes were converted into wet-lockers meant to launch a team of Navy SEALS and their gear underwater. Those two lockers can even be used to launch remotely operated vehicles. Odyssey Dawn marks the first time the new SSGNs have fired the Tomahawks in anger.
Speaking of Tomahawks, this campaign is the first time the Tomahawk Block IV or TLAM-E has been used against real targets. Both British and American ships carry this latest variant of the near-30 year-old cruise missile. The Block IV has datalinks allowing commanders to have it rerouted in-flight, take pictures of a target area and send them back to command centers and even loiter for a while over a target.
The fighting is also the combat debut of the Eurofighter Typhoons that the Royal Air Force has deployed to participate in the action. The jets are among the most advanced fighters flown by European air forces and can be used for everything from air superiority to ground attack missions.
The Navy's newest electronic warfare aircraft, the EA-18G Growler also made its combat debut, working to jam Libyan communications and radars while supporting Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier jump jets as they took out Libyan tanks.
So, a quick recap of the weapons that made their combat debut this week:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The shuttle soared into the sky over the Kennedy Space Center
The US space shuttle Endeavour has launched on its final mission.
Its thunderous rise into a bright but cloudy morning sky over the Kennedy Space Center in Florida was watched by hundreds of thousands of spectators.
Among them was Endeavour commander Mark Kelly's wife, Gabrielle Giffords, the Arizona politician shot in the head by a gunman in January.
Doctors were satisfied enough with their recovery to allow them to travel to Kennedy to see their husband's departure.
"This mission represents the power of teamwork, commitment and exploration," the commander said in a radio call to launch controllers moments before lift-off. "It is in the DNA of our great country to reach for the stars and explore. We must not stop."
Endeavour cleared the pad just after 0856 local time (1256 GMT; 1356 BST).
It is now on a path to rendezvous with the International Space Station (ISS) on Wednesday.
The ship will deliver a $2bn particle physics experiment, known as the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS), and a tray of critical spare parts.
On Endeavour's return, the only active ship left in the US space agency's (Nasa) shuttle fleet will be Atlantis.
It should undertake its final mission sometime in in July.
Image caption Mark Kelly (far right) and crew greet the crowds before boarding space shuttle Endeavour
"Today's final launch of Endeavour is a testament to American ingenuity and leadership in human spaceflight," Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement.
"As we look toward a bright future with the International Space Station as our anchor and new destinations in deep space on the horizon, we salute the astronauts and ground crews who have ensured the orbiter's successful missions.
"The presence of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords at the launch inspired us all, just as America's space programme has done for the past 50 years."
On completion of the 30-year shuttle programme, America will use Russian Soyuz capsules to fly its astronauts to the ISS.
A number of US national commercial carriers are expected to enter into service around the middle of the decade.
Nasa will then buy seats in these astronaut "taxis". The arrangement will represent a major change in the way the agency does business. No longer will it own the vehicles it uses to go to low-Earth orbit.
This servicing plan should free up resources for Nasa to build an astronaut Space Launch System capable of travelling beyond the station, to the Moon, asteroids and to Mars.
Endeavour was built to replace the Challenger ship which was lost, along with their crew of seven, in a catastrophic accident in 1986.
This final flight is the vessel's 25th overall, having already clocked a cumulative distance in space of 166 million km - an expanse just greater than that which divides the Earth and the Sun.
SPACE SHUTTLE ENDEAVOUR Endeavour was the last orbiter to be built and flew its maiden voyage on 7 May, 1992
It is named after the ship commanded by the British explorer James Cook from 1769 to 1771
Total space time to date: 280 days; Total Earth orbits: 4,429; Individual crew members: 133
Made the first American ISS construction flight, delivering the Unity Module
Carried out the mission to correct the Hubble Space Telescope's flawed vision
Its radar map of the planet is one of the most used Earth-observation data-sets ever acquired
Notable highlights in the ship's career have included the first construction mission to the ISS by a US orbiter, and the first servicing mission to the Hubble Space Telescope. The latter carried up the equipment to correct the flaw in the observatory's vision, enabling it to take breathtaking images of the cosmos.
Nasa is hoping the payload inside Endeavour for its final mission will deliver equally astonishing science.
The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) has taken 17 years to prepare for launch. It has been constructed by an international collaboration of researchers across 16 nations.
The machine will be fixed to the top of the ISS where it will undertake a comprehensive survey of cosmic rays.
These are the high-energy particles that are accelerated in Earth's direction from all corners of the cosmos.
Scientists hope that in characterising these particles they can address similar sorts of questions to those pursued in particle accelerators in Earth laboratories - how did the Universe come into being and how is it constructed?
But AMS principal investigator Professor Sam Ting told BBC News their space experiment would explore domains beyond the reach of ground technology.
"The highest energy particles are from the cosmos," they said. "No matter how large the accelerator you build on Earth, you cannot compete with cosmic rays." These particles are absorbed by the atmosphere and the only way to study them properly is to get into orbit, they added.
The AMS machine will:
look for clues to the nature of "dark matter", the material that shapes galaxies and makes up most of the mass of the Universe
hunt for complex antimatter, which might hint at the existence of stars and planets made from material that is a mirror of the matter in normal stars and planets
try to catch strangelets, or strange matter, which is built from a slightly different mix of sub-atomic particles to that of normal matter
characterise the space radiation environment so that the dangers for astronauts and satellites of being in space are fully comprehended
Kelly's crewmates on Endeavour's final mission are pilot Greg Johnson and mission specialists Mike Fincke, Drew Feustel, Greg Chamitoff and Roberto Vittori of the European Space Agency.
This is the first shuttle flight for Fincke and Vittori, although they are both very experienced astronauts having flown a number of Soyuz missions to the ISS. Indeed, on their return, Finke's cumulative time spent in orbit will be 381 days - a record for an American.
Vittori becomes the last international astronaut to fly aboard a shuttle.
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Ex-Pink Floyd frontman also talks about the band's recent social media reunion
Roger Waters has confirmed they are working on a new album with Radiohead producer Nigel Godrich.
The former Pink Floyd frontman said they have spent the last year working on a new record, their first since their 1992 LP ‘Amused To Death'.
“We've got some really good work in the can,” they said. “Nigel's really good. They said to me, ‘People always want to do these long records. How long was ‘The Dark Side Of The Moon?' I said 38 minutes.
“But there are no constraints on records now because nobody pays you anything for them. So everything's off the table. I so feel for young musicians, knowing that all of your work will be stolen, and nobody wants to pay you. It also means you can say anything you want. Well, I've always said anything I've wanted anyway.”
They continued: I wrote this whole thing – part magic carpet ride, part political rant, part anguish. I played this to Nigel, and they go, ‘Oh, I like that little bit' – about two minutes long – ‘and that bit'.” And so we've been working.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
“I've also been falling in love, deeply in love. So the record is really about love – which is what all of my records have been about, in fact. It's pondering not just why we are killing the children. It's also the question of how do we take these moments of love – if we are granted any in our lives – and allow that love to shine on the rest of existence, on others.”
They also spoke about how Pink Floyd recently “reunited” to release a joint statement, condemning Israeli forces over the detention of female activists sailing to Gaza.
“It is an issue I care about deeply,” Waters told Rolling Stone. “I knew the women – one of whom I know [Mairead Maguire, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate from Northern Ireland], all of whom I admire – were going to try and get through the blockade. And we knew they would be arrested.
“I was really happy that Dave [Gilmour] and Nick [Mason] joined me on this, to be finally united with them, taking this stance.”
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=4355716206001
H ockey, man. It's the best. I truly love it. There are a lot of guys in the league who will tell you, “I like to leave it all at the rink. I don't watch much hockey when I get home.”
Yeah … That's definitely not me.
I'm what you might call a full-on hockey nerd. I can watch hockey all day. Like, when we're headed to the airport after a game, I'll pull out my phone right on the bus and just start streaming the late games. I'm always fascinated by why guys are playing a certain way, or taking chances in certain moments, or adding little tricks to their game. You watch any hockey game closely enough, and there's going to be something you can pick up.
I see a guy like Sid winning two Stanley Cups in a row, and he's still loving everything about the game, still working on new things. That's inspiring to me. I wake up every day and try to eat, breathe, and sleep hockey. And I figure — why not add “write hockey” to that list?
This is my attempt at taking you a little deeper inside the game that I love. Honestly, I probably could have made these 20 players long — but here are the five toughest guys I've ever faced.
Erik Karlsson
Why He's Unreal:
Unbelievable. The true definition of a two-way defenseman. In the playoffs, the guy was playing with a fractured heel bone, and they were still the best player on the ice. I really can't even comprehend it. Obviously, your foot is locked into the boot, and probably wrapped with five pounds of tape, but I know that every time they were taking a stride, it had to be excruciating. And yet somehow he's out there flying around, making it all look effortless. It just shows their character and mental toughness. Their playoff run was one of the most impressive performances I've ever seen. I mean, 18 points in 19 games, and a +13 with a fractured heel? Come on.
Why Hockey Players Appreciate Him:
There are all those stories from the playoffs about them going to play 18 holes on their off day and their own coach saying that he's is the only guy in the NHL who doesn't have to practice. He's almost like this urban legend. Like the NHL version of Bill Murray. But I've talked to a few of the guys in Ottawa, and I've just asked them straight up, like, “I don't understand. They make it look so easy. What's the deal?” And they all say that he's pound-for-pound one of the strongest guys in the league.
Their skills are obviously next-level, but the thing I appreciate is that they look so calm doing everything. They never looks like he's in a rush with the puck on their stick. I think their whole team gets so much confidence from their ability to make the perfect breakout pass. This is especially crucial in the playoffs when the space is so tight and you can't afford to turn the puck over. When you can come out of your zone flying instead of having to muscle it out, it makes such a difference, and that's why Karlsson is so valuable. He's the best in the world at it.
And maybe the craziest thing of all is that the guy was second in the NHL in blocked shots last season. Sixth in the league in assists and second in blocked shots? That's a complete player.
Let's Go to the Tape:
For me, the play that says it all is the one where they walked the entire blue line against Boston in round 1.
First of all, how are they skating that fast? But second of all, how are they able to see Brassard across their body, and through a whole lane of traffic, make that pass right on their tape? And finally, how do they have the presence of mind to freeze the goalie with the little head fake before sliding it across?
How? I'm asking you. I honestly don't know. Someone tell me.
Carey Price
Why He's Unreal:
I will gladly embarrass myself for the sake of this article, as long as you guys are retweeting this. I remember during my second year in the league, we were playing up in Montreal. Obviously, you know going in against Price that you're gonna need some high-quality chances. So at some point during the game, I got the puck in the high slot, and I got a step on the defenseman and pulled around him. I got a clear lane. Perfect scoring opportunity. Just me and Price. And I got everything on the shot. Sometimes, you just know right as it's coming off your stick. And as this one is coming off my stick, I'm thinking, That's bardown. I'm almost mentally getting ready to celebrate.
Then I look up, and all I see is red. Carey's standing straight up, in perfect position, and the puck hits them square in the chest.
Not only does it hit them square in the chest, but it hits them and then drops right into their glove. And then they calmly hand it to the ref. They never went down into the butterfly. Literally, 99 out of 100 goalies would've gone down in that situation. But Carey is so smart that they read exactly what you're going to do in a fraction of a second. He's so good that he'll make you look like an idiot.
Why Hockey Players Appreciate Him:
A lot of people think playing goalie is just all reflexes and rebound control, but that's only 25% of the battle. At this level, 75% of it is reading the play and knowing guys' tendencies and being the smartest guy on the ice.
As a goalie, if your team turns the puck over and you're facing a 3-on-2, your brain has to make all these little micro-decisions to read the play in the span of a few seconds. For example, you might first look at the open man and notice that he's a left-handed shot on the left side. That means they can't open their body up for the one-timer in the middle of the ice. If the pass comes across, it's going to take them a half-second to control it and shoot from the outside of their body. So you might cheat a half-step over to the puck carrier's side to take away their angle, because you know that the lefty getting it is the least-bad situation.
This is the kind of thinking that separates good goalies from great ones. There are a lot of unbelievable goalies in the NHL, but Price is the best because of their hockey intelligence. They read plays unlike any goalie I've ever seen, and they do it night after night. I have such an appreciation for the elite goalies, because they can never turn their brains off. They have to do it every shift, every game, even if they're sick or the bed in their hotel sucked, or they're going through something at home. Goalies like Price, who are so consistent for so long, I don't know how they do it.
Let's go to the tape:
This save against the Rangers … what can you even say about it?
Sidney Crosby
Why He's Unreal:
OK, so I could easily post that clip of Sid one-handing a backhander top-shelf against Buffalo and then we could all go home. But that's not what I appreciate most about their game. The highlights are the highlights. They're unreal. You've seen them. For me though, I watch Sid more than any other player, and it's their mental consistency that blows my mind.
Every time he's rushing the puck and a defenseman jumps into the rush behind him, I say to myself, “Is they gonna see him? There's no way he's gonna see him.”
And then of course they see him, every single time. This is something that goes above and beyond stats. 99.9% of the time, Sid makes the right decision with the puck. As a player, I can't tell you how hard it is to have that kind of vision. You see what they do on TV, and they make it look so simple. But when you're at ice level, things are really chaotic. Everything's moving so fast around you. Maybe there're ruts in the ice. Maybe there's a defenseman stepping up on you, or you're getting hacked from behind. You're looking down at the puck in your periphery. You're trying to process where your teammates are. And you're trying to do all this at full-speed. To be able to make the right decision every time like Sid does, your brain has to be a supercomputer.
Charles LeClaire/USA TODAY Sports
But even if you're as smart as Sid, and as physically gifted, there are a million other variables going on. Maybe you're on a back-to-back on the road. Maybe your coach is on you, or you got into an argument with your girlfriend, and you're up in your own head. Can you do it every single night, for 82 games, plus the playoffs, for more than 10 years, without ever regressing?
This is what Sidney Crosby has done, and it really is mind-blowing.
Why Hockey Players Appreciate Him:
From a technical perspective, they skate the puck through the neutral zone better than anyone I've ever seen. Their edge work and lower body strength are incredible. The guy can play keepaway in the corner for 15 seconds by himself. But to me, the most underrated thing about Sid is their willingness to make everybody around them better. You saw it in the playoffs the last two years. You could see Sheary and Guentzel learning from them on almost a game-by-game basis.
You'd see Sheary score these goals by doing exactly what Sid would do in that situation. Just look at the big goal Sheary scored in Game 1 of the Finals …
Let's go to the tape:
To me, this is leadership. This is Sid rubbing off on their teammates.
First, Sid does what they always do — they get down low below the goal line and makes a great pass to Kunitz despite getting hacked by the defenseman. But then as soon as the puck is sliding out to Kunitz, Sheary is already shifting their hips and going to the spot at the back post where Sid's always waiting for the one-timer. Only instead of Sid, it's Sheary. It's almost interchangeable the way they all play together. You could tell just by the way Sheary moves that they'd practiced that sequence a million times. That's why they're the champs.
And that's why Sid's Sid.
Roman Josi
Why He's Unreal:
There's a sense of calm and poise about their play that they have in common with Karlsson. But I think there's also something a lot of people don't realize: Josi is just a pain in the butt to play against. They cross-check you, they hit you, they wear you down. He'll beat you senseless for the 30 seconds you're in their zone — and then when Nashville gains possession, he'll jump up as the fourth man in the rush. That's rare: Usually guys who play with that kind of edge in the d-zone don't have the energy to jump up into the rush. I don't know how they do it.
Josi doesn't get the points of a Karlsson or a Burns, but he's a complete player on both ends. I think he's still underrated. They don't leap off the screen unless you're watching Nashville all the time, because their game is to be positionally sound and just funnel you into a bad situation on the ice. To me, the defensemen who are the most frustrating to play against are the ones who are always in your face, keeping a really tight gap. When you see open ice, even for just two seconds, that's when you're licking your chops. When I'm playing against Josi, I'm seeing their yellow jersey in my face every single second — and if I'm in front of the net, then there's a good chance he's cross-checking me in the ribs.
Why Hockey Players Appreciate Him:
Josi is just one of those guys everyone would love to play with. I don't think it's a coincidence that Ryan Ellis was one of the breakout players of the playoffs. When you have such a consistent, smart defensive partner like Josi, you can play with a lot of confidence. Josi is also extremely versatile as a defensive partner — I think that's another aspect of their game that's a little bit hard to quantify. But it matters a whole lot. The guy's got chemistry with everyone. Whether it's Shea Weber or P.K. Subban or Ryan Ellis, it seems like Josi is comfortable complementing any kind of play style.
Let's go to the tape:
Josi always seems to know when to pick their spots and jump down low in the offensive zone. This goal against the Blues in the playoffs shows how well they read the play and decides when to take a risk.
Josi splits the seam and then drifts to the back post to put themselves in the perfect position for the great pass from Ekholm. You see them score so many goals from down low, even 5-on-5. That whole Nashville offense is built on constant motion, and Josi really makes them tick.
Now that I've praised him, did I mention how much they cross-check you?
Connor McDavid
Why He's Unreal:
The fastest guy in the league. The best hands in the league. Amazing hockey sense. And he's 20 years old. It's pretty scary.
I remember the first time I saw Connor skate in person, I was like, O.K., this guy was just born different. He's genetically superior. They were created in a hockey lab. I mean, he's taking the same amount of strides as everybody else … he's wearing the same skates as everybody else … and somehow he's going twice as fast? There's not a single NHL team that has figured out how to handle their speed on the rush.
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
Technically, Connor's got the ability to turn on a dime and then be back to full speed in a single stride. Which makes them pretty unique — it usually takes a normal player two or three strides. And even within the phrase full speed, Connor's different. Because there's really two different types of speed: skating speed, and then hockey speed. What I mean is, if you can skate really fast, that's great, but there are a lot of things defenses can do to stop that. But if you skate fast and you think the game fast, then you're almost impossible to defend. That's hockey speed. And Connor's hockey brain is next-level, just like Sid's brain.
Why Hockey Players Appreciate Him:
I got a chance to play with Connor on Team North America at the World Cup of Hockey, and then I skated with them this summer, and they would do things on a daily basis that would make my jaw drop. Genetically, they were definitely born to play hockey, but the guy also works their butt off. It sounds like a cliché, but the best players in the world work as hard as they can at being the best. Even when they're at the top, they love what they're doing and they love to learn. With the way that Connor works, I can see them having a similar progression to Sid, where they add new aspects to their game every summer.
But what's so cool about hockey is that if you watch Sid play, and then you watch Connor, it's like studying a totally different animal. Sid's game is about leverage and vision and working down low with their back to the play. Connor's game is about explosiveness and acceleration and getting you on your heels. The two best players in the world really don't play anything alike. The common denominator is that they're both animals.
Let's go to the tape:
This might be the easiest assist of my life. We were playing against Russia at the World Cup, and I was on a line with Connor and Auston Matthews. (Not bad.) The puck came to me deep in our zone and I chipped it up to Connor. Then this happened …
They pick it up full speed, outmuscles Datsyuk, flies down the wing, and then throws a backhand sauce pass backdoor to Auston. That tournament was maybe the most fun I've ever had playing hockey.
There's a point in revolutions where they get out of control, and start "eating their children."
An incident at the "National Immigration Integration Conference" on Tuesday demonstrated this when the speech of Representative Luis Gutierrez was interrupted by protests.
Gutierrez, of course is one of the most militant Open Borders activists in the country. Indeed, the only reason they are not a traitor to this country is because they do not really think of themselves as an American. (He was born in Chicago, but went to high school in Puerto Rico when their parents moved back there.) In a way, we can think of Gutierrez as the most "right wing" member of Congress, a fanatical nationalist dedicated to their nation and people. Unfortunately for Americans, their nation and people are not ours.
Yet even Gutierrez is too moderate for certain protesters.
Protesters shouting "liberation not integration" stormed the stage at the National Immigrant Integration Conference on Tuesday, disrupting Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-IL) as they were about to deliver a speech to the gathering, eyewitnesses tell Breitbart News. As Breitbart News reported previously, the conference is a gathering of refugee and immigrant advocates meeting to plan opposition to the refugee and immigration policies of President-elect Donald Trump. A spokesperson for the National Partnership for New Americans (NPNA), one of the two hosts of the conference, confirmed that Gutierrez's remarks were disrupted. “Congressman Gutierrez gave their remarks as scheduled after a brief demonstration,” the NPNA spokesperson told Breitbart in an emailed statement. “As you can imagine, some attendees here are scared, worried, angry and stressed. We understand that things like this happen in a democracy, especially in uncertain times like these,” the spokesperson added. [Protesters Storm Stage, Disrupt Rep. Luis Gutierrez Speech at Refugee and Immigrant Conference, by Michael Patrick Leahy, Breitbart, December 13, 2016]
The protesters accused the conference of working with multinationals to exploit workers. And so they do. Exploiting cheap labor is the whole point of illegal immigration. These multinationals aren't importing illegals because of "equality," they're doing it so they don't have to pay Americans. And of course, they are still excusing this conduct, even when people are deliberately attacking the very rationale for the conference.
Breitbart reports that Citigroup was one of the funders of the conference. Citigroup has been known for sponsoring H-1b programs and laying off its American workers. Citigroup was also involved in the Minority Mortgage Meltdown.
It's a real question as to why major financial institutions like Citigroup so often fund far left groups. The ethnic and ideological grievances of the corporate officers are one factor. A general interest in breaking down national identities and so turning the world into a collection of deracinated consumers is another, though that does seem a bit abstract. One rationale which is often brought up is simply fear. Companies believe if they pay off leftist activists, they can avoid protests and boycotts.
But it doesn't work that way. These kinds of donations, both to protest groups and to so-called institutions of higher learning, end up fueling radicalism which threatens the very existence of these companies. Once you've successfully told people they are oppressed and the victims of racism, why should they go along with the interests of capitalist bankers? The end result of these short sighted, cowardly strategies by the banks and the Chamber of Commerce crowd is the growth of outright socialism.
Lenin supposedly said the capitalists would sell the rope with which they would be hanged. Today, the banks are funding the very demographic which will displace them. I'd be tempted to say let them perish if the consequences of their decision wouldn't destroy us too.
Pride Toronto's members have voted overwhelmingly in favour of keeping police out of this year's and future parades, and to endorse all of Black Lives Matter Toronto's demands.
The agenda for Pride's annual general meeting (AGM) was initially set to focus on recapping last year's highlights in its annual report and on a Q&A with prospective new board members. But members preferred to focus on Black Lives Matter and community concerns about accessibility, corporate sponsorship and anti-black racism.
Here's Xtra's recap of the AGM, which took place on Jan 17, 2017.
Pride members vote during the Jan 17 AGM. Nick Lachance/Daily Xtra
How did Pride Toronto agree to all of BLMTO's demands?
Members Gwen Bartleman and Kami Chisholm asked Pride Toronto to officially endorse all of Black Lives Matter's demands, “and commit to [it] in terms of practice, policy and funding priorities.”
But the meeting's chair said the agenda could not be amended. Any additions must have been added 60 days prior to the meeting, said the chair, an outside facilitator brought in by Pride to run the AGM.
But several community members said they didn't receive notice 60 days prior to the meeting.
After Bartleman successfully challenged the chair's ruling, a large majority of attendees voted to add Black Lives Matter to the agenda.
Gary Kinsman, a long-time activist and a founding member of the Toronto Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee, said they were “strongly in favour of Black Lives Matter Toronto's demands.”
“Strongly in favour of Black Lives Matter Toronto's demands,” says long-time activist Gary Kinsman at the Pride Toronto AGM. Nick Lachance/Daily Xtra
Pride should not allow police in the parade due to their history of violence against various communities including black and indigenous communities, two-spirit people and trans folks, they said.
Police are still targeting men who have sex with men, they pointed out, citing the recent undercover sting at Marie Curtis Park.
Pride's co-chair Alica Hall maintained that Pride Toronto was sticking to its promise to Black Lives Matter. “We made a commitment to Black Lives Matter's demands. We have not made any new contradictions,” Hall said. “Our goal is to elect five new members who will continue this work and our commitment.”
After a heated debate, community members voted overwhelmingly to approve all of Black Lives Matter's demands, including the one to remove all police floats or booths in all Pride marches, parades and community spaces.
Black Lives Matter Toronto's nine demands, originally posted on the BLMTO Facebook page. Black Lives Matter Toronto/Facebook
During the Pride parade on July 3, 2016, BLMTO staged a 30-minute sit-in and asked that Pride Toronto sign a list of nine demands, the majority of which were to reinstate and fund programming as well as more hiring of queer and trans people of colour, and one asking for the removal of police from the parade. Hall and former executive director Mathieu Chantelois signed the list of demands, but the following day, Chantelois drew heavy criticism for saying that they only signed the demands to “make the parade move.” Chantelois later resigned on Aug 10.
Three days after the parade, Jacqie Lucas, a volunteer team lead, resigned in protest over the way Pride handled the Black Lives Matter demands. In September, Pride Toronto's communications manager Victoria Schwarzl left the organization for a job at another company.
Removal of police from floats and booths has become a divisive issue within the LGBT community. It was heatedly discussed at Pride Toronto's first town hall on Aug 30, when they announced that instead of removing police from Pride, they would leave the decision to a dispute resolution process. In September, they released a lengthy statement apologizing for wrongdoings, a history of anti-black racism and a lack of accessibility at the parade.
Pride Toronto had its first town hall on Aug 30, 2016 to discuss issues arising from last year's Pride. xtraonline/YouTube
What is Pride doing about accessibility and ASL interpreters?
Board members were grilled on the lack of accessibility at Pride, in particular when it comes to ASL. Several community members said that the board needs to have a relationship with the deaf community, and to hire more interpreters from diverse backgrounds.
Pride co-chair Aaron GlynWilliams said that finding interpreters for events is an operational decision made by Pride Toronto staff, not the board. “There's a strong desire for Pride Toronto to be as diverse as possible in our hiring,” they said, adding that interpreters are chosen depending on who is available at the time.
How is Pride Toronto's finances?
Last year, Pride Toronto had 33 sponsors, all of which are returning for Pride 2017. These sponsors include major cultural attractions such as the Art Gallery of Ontario, the Royal Ontario Museum and Ripley's Aquarium. Pride made $2,269,180 in sponsorships, an increase from 2015. Pride's total revenue for last year totalled $4,409,478, compared to $3,104,906 in 2015.
GlynWilliams said Pride 2016 brought in $600 million in economic spending to Toronto.
However, community members expressed concerns over corporate sponsorship and their attempts to pinkwash for profit.
“The banks are not our friends,” said speaker Kami Chisholm, telling the audience that some trans customers have had issues with TD Canada Trust, one of Pride's long-time sponsors.
Kami Chisholm told the AGM that the true spirit of Pride has been diluted by corporate sponsorship. Nick Lachance/Daily Xtra
Chisholm added that Pride should be more focused on returning to a more political, community-focused parade. “It flies in the face of everything we stand for in our communities,” Chisholm said. “It is not our job to fund the city's economic development.”
Who's leaving the board?
Treasurer Chris Tremeer, co-chair Aaron GlynWilliams and Dana Suvagau are stepping down as board members.
Co-chair Aaron GlynWilliams (right) is stepping down from the board of directors. Fellow co-chair Alica Hall (left) will remain on the board. Nick Lachance/Daily Xtra
Who's joining the board?
This year there were 13 candidates for the five available spots on Pride Toronto's board. Ten were selected by the board recruitment committee — Paul Bozzo, Sarah Cooper, Nicole Desnoyers, Susan Gapka, Hussain Haider Ali, Robert Hampsey, Elijah Monroe, Kevin Rambally, Maurice Tomlinson and Kenneth Tong.
Three members — Rolyn Chambers, Joey Fascio and Akio Maroon — were not selected by the recruitment committee but secured 10 signatures to be eligible for election to the board.
Pride Toronto members voted to elect Akio Maroon, Sarah Cooper, Kevin Rambally, Nicole Desnoyers and Elijah Monroe as new members to the board.
When is Pride 2017?
This year, Pride will take place from June 1–24, 2017.
Malik Zaire was expected to be a huge part of Notre Dame's 2015 season.
The quarterback had a great debut against Texas before going down with a broken ankle in week two against Virginia.
That was presumed to be a season-ending injury for the third-year sophomore, but coach Fighting Irish Brian Kelly might have raised some eyebrows Sunday when they mentioned Zaire is about to have a boot removed and has been throwing in practice.
Article continues below ...
They clarified Tuesday that Zaire will not be coming back this season.
“Yeah, they won't be back this year, but he's active to the point where he's out there already moving around, throwing the football, getting their arm in shape,” Kelly said during their usual Tuesday press conference in South Bend. “But in no shape or fashion is they going to be able to compete.”
Fortunately for the Fighting Irish, Zaire's replacement has been more than up to the task of leading a team with high expectations.
Redshirt first-year student DeShone Kizer threw the game-winning touchdown pass after replacing Zaire against the Cavaliers and has started seven games since.
Kizer has completed 142 of 215 passes for 1,931 yards with 16 touchdown passes and six interceptions. They have also run for 308 yards and six touchdowns.
A couple of pot growers near Christina Lake, British Columbia made friends with the area's black bears. When the cops raided the farm, they encountered a dozen laid-back black bears. From the Vancouver Sun:
Besides the bears, some of which had cubs, the property also contained more than 1,000 marijuana plants, a young raccoon, a pot-bellied pig, a large dog, and two human residents.
Some people were feeding the bears dog food to lure them into hanging out on the property, RCMP Const. Dave Smith said...
Said Smith: “We saw no evidence they were consuming the plants.”
In addition to drug charges, the couple may face charges of feeding wildlife, said Webster. But they doubted the bears were being encouraged to help guard the pot farm. They thought it was more likely “misguided good intent,” adding it wasn't the first time conservation officers had been called out to the property because the residents were feeding bears.
What becomes of the bears depends on whether they easily return to their natural habitat and food sources, Webster said.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah accused radical Sunni Islamists on Friday of being behind a car bomb that killed 24 people in Beirut and vowed that the attack would redouble their group's commitment to its military campaign in Syria.
In a fiery speech to supporters, one day after the deadliest bombing in the capital since Lebanon's civil war ended two decades ago, Nasrallah raised the stakes by pledging to join the battle in Syria themselves if needed.
Thursday's blast in the Shi'ite militant Hezbollah's south Beirut stronghold followed months of sectarian tension and violence in Lebanon fuelled in part by Hezbollah's intervention against Sunni Muslim rebels in Syria's civil war.
“It is most likely that a takfiri group was responsible for yesterday's explosion,” Nasrallah said, referring to radical Sunni Muslim factions linked to al Qaeda, many of whom are fighting with Syrian rebels against President Bashar al-Assad.
“If you think by killing our women and children ... and destroying our neighborhoods, we would retreat from the position we took (in Syria) you are wrong,” they said in a combative speech broadcast by videolink from a secret location to their supporters.
“If we had 100 fighters in Syria, now they will be 200. If we had 1,000, they will be 2,000. If we had 5,000 they will be 10,000. If the battle with these takfiri terrorists requires that I and all Hezbollah should go to Syria, we will go.”
Thursday's blast came a month after a car bomb wounded 50 people in the same district of the Lebanese capital - an attack that Nasrallah also blamed on takfiris, who consider all but the most radical Sunnis to be infidels whose blood can be spilt.
Defense Minister Fayez Ghosn said a Syrian man had been arrested for suspected involvement in the July bombing, underlining the extent to which Lebanon has become embroiled in its neighbors' conflict.
Lebanese Hezbollah fighters helped Assad's soldiers retake a strategic border town in June, while Sunni Muslims from Lebanon have joined the rebel ranks. The violence has spilled back into Lebanon, with bombings and street clashes in the Bekaa Valley and Mediterranean cities of Tripoli and Sidon.
Forensic inspectors examine the site of a car bomb that occurred on Thursday in Beirut's southern suburbs, August 16, 2013. REUTERS/Sharif Karim
POSSIBLE SUICIDE BOMBING
Thursday's explosion engulfed a busy street in flames, reviving memories of the destruction inflicted by Lebanon's civil war.
Interior Minister Marwan Charbel said investigators were checking CCTV footage taken in the moments before the explosion to see whether the van believed to have carried the bomb had been driven by a suicide bomber or detonated remotely.
Reporters who arrived at the scene minutes after the explosion saw a burnt-out car near the center of the road, suggesting it was being driven when it blew up.
Among the dead were a family of five - a father, mother and their three daughters - who were killed in their car by the blast, which destroyed several vehicles and set fire to the lower floors of adjacent buildings, trapping residents.
Forensic investigators, emergency workers and security forces were still working at the site on Friday, amid burnt-out cars and charred facades of residential buildings.
Nearby, masked men fired in the air as the first funeral processions of victims of Thursday's explosion drove slowly through the subdued streets of densely populated south Beirut.
As the country marked a day of official mourning, social media was flooded with pictures of the victims, and requests for information about people still missing.
Politicians from across Lebanon's diverse communities, including Sunni Muslims, Christians and Druzes, united to condemn the bloodshed in the Shi'ite neighborhood, some visiting the area to offer condolences.
But in a sign of how the Syrian crisis has polarized Lebanon, there was celebratory gunfire in the mainly Sunni city of Tripoli on Thursday night and reports of people distributing sweets.
In an effort to limit sectarian tensions, Nasrallah called on Shi'ites to show restraint and said that takfiri groups were a threat to Sunnis and Shi'ites alike.
Slideshow (7 Images)
“These people kill Sunnis just as they kill the Shi'ites and they send suicide bombers to Sunni mosques just as they send them to Shi'ite mosques,” they said, referring to al Qaeda-linked groups in Iraq, Pakistan and Somalia.
Speaking in an address to mark the seventh anniversary of the end of Hezbollah's 2006 war with Israel, Nasrallah also said they could not exclude that those radical Islamists were actually working for Israeli interests.
If you are looking to hire someone who knows Flash platform technologies, or you are a developer looking for a new gig, I have started a new Twitter identity that might help out. Go and check out @flashjobs.
Over the past few years I have probably seen hundreds of requests from agencies, small businesses and enterprises who are struggling to find developers with Flash, Flex or AIR experience. Usually I would pass them on to recruiters or every once in a while I would pass them on to someone that I knew was looking for work. Despite the current economic conditions, I am still getting requests.
In the never ending quest to remove things from my inbox, I setup this account on Twitter where I will be posting job listings that I find worthy of the great developers who are following the account. It will be a short description of the listing and a URL for more information.
If you would like to post a job to this account, please send an email to daniel.dura@gmail.com with a URL to the job listing and a short description. I will then post it to the Twitter account for developers to see. For developers who are following the account, you can be instantly notified through Twitter of new openings that are available by following @flashjobs. If you are looking for a good Twitter desktop client, check out TweetDeck.
Just as a quick FYI, I also have @flexjobs, but I don't plan on using it at the moment. All Flash platform related jobs will be posted to this one Twitter account for the time being.
Fresh from sweeping the polls in Sunday's Upper House election, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Monday called the outcome an endorsement of Abenomics and pledged to expand spending, particularly in rural areas, despite soaring public debt.
But they said nothing about whether and how they may push their long-held ambition to rewrite the postwar pacifist Constitution, now that lawmakers who support revision hold two-thirds of both houses of the Diet — enough to trigger a referendum on the question.
“The nation has given me a powerful mandate to further accelerate Abenomics. I am grateful for this,” Abe told a news conference at the Liberal Democratic Party's headquarters in Tokyo.
They pledged to promote public works projects to help farmers and fishing industry workers export their produce and to promote the construction of a maglev railway while expanding the nation's shinkansen network.
Abe also said their government will take advantage of the Bank of Japan's negative interest rate policy to issue more bonds under the government loans and investment plan. Negative rates have pushed long-term interest rates below zero.
Meanwhile, Kyodo News said Abe will reshuffle the Cabinet as early as August.
Sunday's election saw the ruling coalition score a sweeping victory. The LDP won 56 seats and Komeito took 14 seats.
Together with Osaka Ishin no Kai, which won 7 seats, constitutional revisionists secured 77 seats of the 121 seats up for grabs this time.
Together with four independents who are also thought to back revision, pro-revision forces hold more than 162 Upper House seats, which places Abe in a position to amend the Constitution.
They have long been known as an advocate of rewriting the pacifist text, with changes presumably including the war-renouncing Article 9. They have argued that the charter is a relic of the postwar period as it was imposed by the U.S.-led Occupation after Japan's surrender in World War II.
During the news conference, Abe was repeatedly asked how they will push for constitutional revision. They replied that it is a matter mainly for the LDP and other political parties in the Diet, not the prime minister. “The (Diet) Commission on the Constitution should first discuss in detail which article should be revised and how,” Abe said. “It is expected that discussion will be initiated, developed and narrowed down there.”
Winning support of two-thirds in both chambers “is not an easy task,” Abe said, adding that the final say will be given by ordinary voters and not lawmakers.
Indeed, polls suggest the population is unlikely to support changing Article 9, which makes such an attempt risky.
The support of two-thirds of lawmakers in both chambers is required for the Diet to initiate a national referendum, and support of more than half of votes is needed to revise any article of the Constitution.
According to a poll conducted by the daily newspaper Yomiuri Shimbun in March, 61 percent of respondents said the pacifist article should be left unchanged, while 35 percent called for revision.
Critics say the LDP is likely to first propose a revision that creates an article empowering the prime minister with state-of-emergency-like powers in the event of a major contingency such as a large earthquake.
They say LDP lawmakers may see an incremental series of revisions as likely to soften up the nation, leaving voters more amenable to revising Article 9 in the future.
Moreover, parties calling for constitutional changes have yet to agree exactly which articles should be revised.
In 2012 the LDP published a proposed rewrite of much of the Constitution, including Article 9. The party said the article should be changed to allow Japan to maintain “national defense forces” and to fully use the right of collective self-defense, or the right to engage in combat a country that is attacking an ally, even if Japan itself is not under attack.
However, Komeito leader Natsuo Yamaguchi told a news conference Sunday they oppose immediate changes to Article 9.
Instead, many Komeito lawmakers want the creation of a new article to enshrine the right of citizens to a healthy natural environment. Komeito's main backer is Soka Gakkai, the nation's largest lay Buddhist group, which has traditionally advocated moderate diplomatic policies.
Osaka Ishin no Kai, which won seven seats in Sunday's election, said it is willing to initiate a national referendum, in particular to revise the Constitution so that local governments gain more autonomy.
However, it remains unclear whether the party would support a revision of Article 9, as Ishin leaders may plan to use the party's position on the issue as a bargaining chip to secure LDP support for its own agenda on local government reforms.
The voter turnout rate of Sunday's election was 54.7 percent for the constituency segment, the fourth-lowest record in the postwar years.
The highest turnout was recorded in Nagano Prefecture at 62.86, followed by Yamagata 62.22 percent and Shimane 62.20.
Meanwhile the lowest turnout was in Kochi Prefecture with 45.52 percent, followed by Tokushima with 46.98 percent, Hiroshima 49.58 percent.
Italian two-wheeler maker Piaggio on Tuesday launched its first online store in collaboration with Snapdeal.com in India, in order to reach out to Vespa customers.
Piaggio Vehicles, the wholly owned Indian subsidiary of the Piaggio Group, has partnered with Snapdeal to come up with an online store, the company said in a statement.
The exclusive brand store will showcase the entire range of Vespa scooters.
Vespa fans will now be able to book their Vespa on a click of a button, it added.
The partnership with Snapdeal is targeted especially towards a younger segment of consumers who are digitally active and prefer purchases that provide easy access and transactions without investing much time, the company said.
Today's generation loves online shopping and prefers brands that provide buyer friendly shopping options. Hence we decided to launch a virtual store that will offer the fastest possible Vespa buying experience, Piaggio Vehicles Pvt Ltd, Executive Vice President - 2W Business, Sanjeev Goyle said.
Through this collaboration, the company aims to take its relationship with consumers to the next level, they added.
"As part of the initiative, the entire range of Vespa models-Vespa, VX, Vespa S and Vespa Elegante, would be available at the online store at a booking amount of Rs 5,000. We want to create a unique shopping experience for our consumers where they have access to the entire Vespa Scooters' portfolio...," Snapdeal, senior vice-president, Electronics and Home, Tony Navin said.
A long-extinct animal known as the Siberian unicorn - which was actually a long-horned rhinoceros - may have walked the Earth 29,000 years ago, at the same time as prehistoric humans, researchers say.
Until now, the Elasmotherium sibiricum was thought to have vanished 350,000 years ago.
But research published in the American Journal of Applied Science describes a far more recent discovery of a well-preserved skull in Kazakhstan.
"Most likely, it was a very large male," said paleontologist Andrey Shpanski of Tomsk State University (TSU).
"The dimensions of this rhino today are the biggest of those described in the literature."
Researchers used radiocarbon dating to determine the creature's age, leading to theories of migration and refuge-seeking in southern corners of Western Siberia for these lumbering legends.
The skull was in relatively good shape, and showed no signs of having been gnawed upon.
Siberian rhinos, which were likely vegetarians, have been described as weighing up to four tons and standing two meters tall by nearly five meters long.
Their habitat extended from the Don River to the east of modern Kazakhstan, said the study.
Shpanski said the findings suggest that other "mass radiocarbon studies" should be done to assess remains of mammals previously believed to have disappeared 50,000-100,000 years ago.
Buy Photo Thomas Libous, R-Binghamton (Photo: File Photo)Buy Photo
Senate Deputy Republican Leader Thomas Libous said Thursday they would try medicinal marijuana if it was made available statewide and the side effects of their chemotherapy worsened.
Libous, R-Binghamton, who is battling cancer in their prostate and lungs, said their doctors have told them the drug could be helpful to help deal with the nausea and sickness from their cancer treatments. They undergo chemotherapy treatments every three weeks at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan.
In a radio interview Thursday, Libous said they haven't made up their mind on a proposal to legalize marijuana for medical purposes in New York, but has concerns about allowing it before the Federal Drug Administration authorizes it.
"I still have some questions that I'm bantering around with some medical professionals," Libous said on Binghamton's WNBF-AM. "I understand the compassionate side of it. I'm told that possibly it could even help me when I do my chemo every 21 days, because I do get rather ill the fourth and fifth day. It's pretty nasty, and anybody who has gone through it knows exactly what I'm talking about."
In a follow-up interview, Libous said their oncologists are opposed to smoking medical marijuana, but instead are open to it in pill form. Several Republicans, meanwhile, have expressed support for a marijuana extract in oil form that has been used to treat epileptic conditions in children.
A bill to legalize marijuana for patients with serious illnesses is pending in the state Legislature, where the Assembly has passed it for several consecutive years. This year, the legislation -- which has always had strong Democratic support -- has picked up support from several Senate Republicans, including Sens. Thomas O'Mara, R-Big Flats, Chemung County; George Maziarz, R-Newfane, Niagara County; and Joseph Robach, R-Greece, Monroe County.
When Libous was asked by host Bob Joseph if they would try the drug if their chemotherapy side effects got worse, Libous said they would, but only if it was approved broadly.
"If it became legal and it became available to everyone, I would," Libous said. "Not until. It has to be available to everyone. I deserve no special treatment because of who I am."
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The state Assembly included a plan to allow the drug for medical purposes in its one-house budget proposal, which was passed Wednesday. The plan would set up a system for regulating distributors, users and growers while implementing a 10 percent tax on any sales.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo in January announced their administration would move ahead with a more-limited plan, which would allow up to 20 hospitals to prescribe marijuana as part of a research program. Cuomo's plan makes use of a 1980 law that allows the state to examine experimental drugs.
But the drug is opposed by the small-but-influential Conservative Party, which has provided key third-party support for many Republicans over the years.
"(Marijuana) is not medicine," the party wrote in a memo Sunday. "If it is to be considered as medicine, it should be treated as such and subjected to the Food and Drug Administration's approval process that includes clinical trials to determine its efficacy as a medication."
Libous said they tried marijuana "many years ago in college." But that was "about the extent of it," they said.
"Now, ask me if I had a couple drinks in my day, and I would probably tell you I did," they said.
Libous was first diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2009 and later entered remission. In 2012, doctors discovered it had spread to their lungs, and he's been receiving regular chemotherapy treatments since.
JCAMPBELL1@gannett.com
Twitter.com/JonCampbellGAN
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1iG0hjr
European politician Paul Murphy has come under criticism from their colleagues in the European Parliament after they called for the Palestinians to start an intifada against the Israeli Occupation during a recent TV interview.
Murphy has been a member of the Parliament since 2011 and is a vocal opponent of the Israeli occupation of Palestine. They joined an aid flotilla to the Gaza strip in 2011 that was intercepted by Israeli security forces.
A socialist MEP from Ireland, Murphy is cynical of the most recent revamp of peace talks and does not believe that Israel is interested in a viable Palestinian state. They have come under fire from their fellow MEPs for their belief that a redeveloped struggle, similar to the first intifada, could link up the Israeli left and working class with the Palestinians to overthrow "the capital establishment of Israel".
"There are many positive examples from the first intifada of mass protests, strikes and marches and checkpoints that I think would be ideal tactics to redevelop now," Murphy said. "I think a mass struggle from below, a Palestinian spring, with democratic committees of struggle, is absolutely necessary now in order to fight against poverty, oppression and for a viable Palestinian state."
Their calls come as resumptions of peace talks take place for the first time in three years which aim to achieve a "final status" deal within nine months. Prior to 2010, peace talks had collapsed partially due to Israeli settlement building in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, which Palestinians want for a state that would include the Gaza Strip and all territories captured by Israel in the six day war in 1967. The international community and international law do not recognise Israel's annexation of the land.
'Armed self-defence'
"A lot of the violence happening in Israel and Palestine is perpetrated by the Israeli state, I believe the Palestinians have a right to defend themselves against that aggression," Murphy told Al Jazeera. "That may involve armed defense against soldiers and I wouldn't have a problem with that."
Murphy has been lambasted by several of their colleagues in the European Parliament for their views. UK Conservative Charles Tannock said comments like this would "only result in futile and needless violence" and that it would be a "massive setback" for peace talks.
A lot of the violence happening in Israel and Palestine is perpetrated by the Israeli state, I believe the Palestinians have a right to defend themselves against that aggression Paul Murphy, Member of the European Parliament
Irish MEP Sean Kelly who expressed their disdain at Murphy's comments. "In a region already beset with conflict, it is abhorrent to call for violence as a tool to achieve collective goals," Kelly told Al Jazeera. "The only route to a peaceful settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is through dialogue and compromise on both sides."
Kelly also drew parallels between the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the struggle in Northern Ireland suggesting that the two have similar narratives and therefore the same solutions could be implemented in finding peace.
"We have a successful model in the Northern Ireland Peace Process, which makes it all the more abhorrent that Mr Murphy, who as an Irish citizen has benefitted from this process, is now calling for violence elsewhere," Kelly said.
Murphy responded to their critics by calling for a reevaluation of what they consider an intifada to be.
"The MEPs who have condemned my call for a mass movement along the lines of the first intifada as a call for violence and terror are either deliberately misconstruing my words or are entirely ignorant about the history of the Palestinian struggle," Murphy said. "Intifada is simply the Arabic word for 'uprising', something that is entirely justified and clearly necessary when you look at the ongoing oppression."
Intifada is an Arabic word which literally means "shaking off", though it is popularly translated into English as "uprising", "resistance", or "rebellion".
'Anti-colonial struggles'
According to the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem during the first intifada which began in December 1987, 1,376 Palestinians and 94 Israelis were killed. Between September 2000 and October 2012, 507 Israelis and 6561 Palestinians have been killed in the region.
UN resolution 3246 from 1974 weighs in its support of an armed Palestinian struggle reaffirming "the legitimacy of the peoples' struggle for liberation from colonial and foreign domination and alien subjugation by all available means, including armed struggle" and "strongly condemns all governments which do not recognise the right to self-determination and independence of peoples under colonial and foreign domination and alien subjugation, notably the peoples of Africa and the Palestinian people".
Israel has been criticised for its policies in more than 100 UN resolutions and is on record for being the country that has broken the most UN resolutions since the UN was founded in 1945.
Murphy believes the EU is complicit in the oppression of the Palestinian people, saying "The EU cries a few more crocodile tears than US imperialism, but politically and economically it supports the Israeli elite."
"Israeli armaments companies, such as Elbit and Israel Aerospace Industries, are recipients of funding from the EU," they said.
Trade relations have been upgraded between the EU and Israel, effectively integrating Israel into the "single market". Murphy believes that this is a political statement of support for the Israeli establishment which effectively turns the other cheek to the oppression of Palestinians.
Node.js research
Introduction
Hi, I'm Ryan Wilcox. I've been programming for about 15 years on various things, and been around the block a few times. I've done classic macOS applications, cross-platform applications in C++, Python web apps of all sorts (including some Twisted), declarative programming, and I've spent the last 3 years doing Ruby and Ruby on Rails (including some Event Machine).
I know the best practices of these frameworks, the pitfalls, and the "why" of those best practices.
So, when evaluating node.js for use in a potential project, I asked around for the node.js best practices. I didn't get as much discussion as I was hoping for.
I decided to dig in and look at node.js from the eyes of someone who's Been There, Done That.
I am a node.js outsider. This potential project will be my first node.js project of any size. I don't speak from direct experience with node.js, but from my research and my own knowledge dealing with other event systems. I'd love to know if I'm wrong on a topic.
Audience
This document assumes you have tried out node.js a little. Installed it on your machine, ran the Hello World HTTP server. You saw the "don't block, use callbacks" philosophy of node, and thought, "OK, I can do this"
Then maybe you put node.js down because you didn't need a asynchronous Hello World server in your mostly Ruby (or Python Clojure, or Bog knows what else) shop. This is exactly what I did. Until the other day.
This document assumes you've been around the block a few times, and are looking at node.js with an evaluating eye. "Can I use this for a new potential project, and what are the best practices in the community?"
Yes, the Node.js Modules page (https://github.com/joyent/node/wiki/modules) is there. It's also 35 pages long - a great show of what node.js can do… you see all the practices, but not which ones are the best .
"But seriously, I just need to write some code, not check out 100+ node.js projects that may or may not still work or be any good. And really, that 'node.js is cancer' rant was a big deal a while back, WTF's up with that? And then there were those non-blocking Fibonacci servers…."
Node.js is cancer: http://teddziuba.com/2011/10/node-js-is-cancer.html
Node.js has jumped the shark: http://www.unlimitednovelty.com/2011/10/nodejs-has-jumped-shark.html
node.js non-blocking Fibonacci code: https://github.com/glenjamin/node-fib/blob/master/app.js
Still here? Good - keep reading, because you're my audience.
Or, did that kind of go over your head? Say "Wait, huh, what?!" - This article has a fair bit of reference material, so take a look at the reference material and come back. This research was pretty frustrating, even to me, to gather.
The node.js Event Model
cooperative multi-threading : process.nextTick() lets you defer stuff to the next time the event loop is idle. So you can let other things have a chunk of time if you're in the middle of a long, blocking operation
http://nodejs.org/docs/v0.3.1/api/process.html#process.nextTick
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thread_(computer_science)#Multithreading
Node.js (highly) encourages a non-blocking style of programming. Thus all the callbacks: "do this at some time after this other thing happens".
Wait, what does "non-blocking" mean?
Yielding to process.nextTick in lengthy operations
using callbacks when performing low level operations
using small blocking operations to build up larger sequences of events that happen asynchronously
for example:
for (current_record in records) {
record.updateTimeRemainingAsynchronously(function() {;})
}
the FOR loop in this case is blocking, but it's spawning N record.updateTimeRemainingAsynchronously functions to run sometime in the future. (One just has to hope/know that record.updateTimeRemainingAsynchronously() is actually non-blocking
Using the event loop to split things up, or shoving it to workers
So, blocking is bad, right?
Right
"in node, everything runs in parallel except your code"
Technically the common quote is wrong, and could be refined: "Everything runs, one thing at a time, in the event loop, where everyone tries to be polite and give others time to do their thing. Your code should also be polite and give others time to do their thing" It's more accurate, and more unwieldy. Maybe: "We are nice because node is nice", is a better (if obfuscated) quote.
But why ? You have one event loop per node.js process. If your code hogs the processor (event loop) for 5 seconds (by sleeping, or doing a large calculation, or Fibonacci numbers) node.js will not respond to anything else for those 5 seconds . " What other things? ", you ask. Things like responding to other HTTP requests. The longer your code blocks, the more you are Denial Of Service Attacking yourself.
http://blog.mixu.net/2011/02/01/understanding-the-node-js-event-loop/
http://www.slideshare.net/shivercube/functional-nodejs
So how do you make your code not blocking where you can?
Send really long stuff to the background: put it in a queue and progress it in the background. This is Rails 301 stuff
Use Events to split things up into events that can be listened to (and sending an event means implicitly that the event loop will run)
use the profiler (?)
Be polite and use process.nextTick places, but don't overdue it. (the more time you give away to Other Things the more wall-clock time the request will take.
Possible Frameworks to use:
Application Frameworks
http://expressjs.com/ <- it's Sinatra-like
Personally, I like Sinatra when I *know* I'm going into a very small project that will not grow a ton of features (thus resulting in a "big ball of mud" app). Elsewise, I like frameworks that assume a big structure the project can grow into.
http://geddyjs.org/ <-- Rails like infrastructure,
and offers geddy.util.async.execNonBlocking function to perform things in a non-blocking manner
geddy.util.async.AsyncChain is a chain of functors that will be executed asyncronously
ORM is DataMapper like
supports generation, but not coffeescript generation
http://railwayjs.com/ <-- another Rails like infrastructure framework
Rails like
Its generators can output coffeescript (pass --coffee to the rw commands)
ORMs: mysql, mongoid, redis, mysql
can also use Sequalize (a Datamapper based ORM) <-- BUT mysql only
ORM that Railway.js uses can relatively easily write Adaptors for other things (postgres clients, for example)
Other ORMs
http://persistencejs.org/ <-- Datamapper based, mysql + sqlite adaptors
User authentication frameworks
https://github.com/ciaranj/connect-auth <-- node.js middleware version of Ruby's Warden framework
https://github.com/bnoguchi/everyauth <-- node.js middleware version of Ruby's OmniAuth framework
Testing
http://vowsjs.org/ <-- Vows
https://github.com/caolan/nodeunit <-- nodeunit
Standard Library Stuff
https://github.com/caolan/async <-- Async Iteration tools for node.js
http://howtonode.org/do-it-fast <-- avoid event loop hell
https://github.com/wdavidw/node-each <-- async each loops
https://github.com/substack/node-seq <-- chainable async Iteration etc
Something to keep the nested callbacks at bay. For example, an Observer pattern. Or Fibers/Promises. (Or Coffeescript...)
Useful Javascript stuff I can NOT use (because it implicitly blocks):
Underscore.js for Iterations: each implicitly blocks
source (the underscore.js source): http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/docs/underscore.html
What I would love, but can't find
MochiKit.Base's partial/bind, extend, repr, and Adaptor functionality without the (blocking?) functional tools
But, if a library makes a blocking call available to me, I would rather not mistakenly reach for it when I want a non-blocking tool.
Development Tools
Reloading code when files change (for example, during development)
https://github.com/isaacs/node-supervisor <-- watches a directory structure and reloads the Javascript files when changes are made. (node.js does not do this by default, and neither does express apparently)
cluster (mentioned elsewhere in this document) can also do this.
http://learnboost.github.com/cluster/docs/reload.htmlbr> http://github.com/mde/jake <-- Make/Rake like tool
Deployment Tools
http://railsbros.de/2011/02/18/deploying_a_node_js_server_with_capistrano_and_cluster.html <-- Deploying node.js with Capistrano and Cluster
Production Tools
http://learnboost.github.com/cluster/ <-- create a cluster of node.js servers. Thus your node.js app is load-balanced on the one machine, and you are running N event loops on the same machine. (Need multiple machines running cluster? Stick a load-balancer in front of your load-balanced machines!) Plugin community.
https://github.com/pgte/fugue <-- billed as "Unicorn for node", but Fugue's own author says that you should probably use Cluster
Q: "How do I get a local copy of all the libraries I use, like `bundle package` in Bundler?"
A: npm will by default install packages into a local space (the node_modules folder of your project)
Good node.js reads
http://stella.laurenzo.org/2011/03/bulletproof-node-js-coding/
Node.js & Coffeescript
http://zappajs.org/ <-- A Coffeescript Sinatra-like built on top of (node.js) Express
http://ariejan.net/2011/06/10/vows-and-coffeescript <-- Vows + Coffeescript
"CS automatically integrates with require.extensions so if your scripts have a "coffee" extension they will run as coffeescript.."
References / Presentations / Slideshows to watch
http://www.slideshare.net/fleegix/mde-txjs-2011fullstackfallacies <-- no recorded audio, :(
http://blip.tv/jsconf/jsconf2011-tom-hughes-croucher-5478056 <-- Tom Hughes-Croucher's node.js talk at JSConf 2011. I picked up a lot of information from this talk!
Scientists studying the diets of shortfin mako sharks in the Atlantic found a bit of a surprise when they opened up a bunch of shark stomachs — nearly all of the fish the shortfin makos had eaten were missing heads and tails.
The research team, led by Sebastián Biton Porsmoguer of Aix-Marseille University in France, was investigating the diets of shortfin mako sharks in the waters between Portugal and the Azores. Though shortfin mako sharks have declined in numbers around the world and are considered critically endangered in the Mediterranean, they are fished legally in these Atlantic waters and sold as food in Spain and other European countries. Scientists want to know what the sharks eat to better understand the sharks' place in the food web and, perhaps, the animals' future.
The researchers obtained stomachs from 113 sharks, mostly juveniles, that had been caught by longline fishermen based in Vigo, Spain (no sharks were killed specifically for the study). The sharks had been caught at sea and refrigerated until the fishing boats returned to land, anywhere from four days to several weeks later. Porsmoguer and colleagues then got ahold of the stomachs and analyzed their contents.
Forty-two sharks had empty stomachs, but the others had lots to look at. The main prey for sharks in this area was teleost fish (82.4 percent of total prey). Of those fish, 87 percent was Atlantic saury , a type of fish that lives near the sea surface. But nearly all of the Atlantic saury were missing heads and tails. Only one fish had a head, without its eyes, and a tail, both in an advanced state of digestion, the researchers report February 12 in PLOS ONE.
Even weirder, the scientists found lots of crystalline lenses of fish eyes in the shark stomachs.
What's going on? The researchers have three hypotheses:
“Sharks do not eat the head but only the posterior of the body, with the tail.” In this scenario, the shark is chasing a school of fish and manages to catch its prey, but only the part behind the head. The tail is missing because it decomposes more quickly during digestion. The eye lenses could belong to other prey species the shark had previously eaten.
“Sharks eat the head of their prey.” The head and tail, unprotected by the muscle found in a fish's body, decompose rapidly in the acidic gastric juices of the stomach. The eye lenses, which take longer to digest, remain behind.
“The absence of a head and tail could be an artifact due to a post-mortem particular digestion process occurring between capture and landing.” But the researchers ruled this out because they found a mackerel with an undigested head and tail in one shark's stomach.
“There is no obvious explanation for this unexpected and unrecorded pattern of digestion,” the researchers write. It's a mystery.
Science News' life sciences writer Susan Milius and I came up with our own hypothesis: There are zombies among the Atlantic saury in this region of the ocean, and they're cracking into the heads of their still-living comrades to eat their brains. The shortfin mako sharks are just mopping up after the massacre.
OK, probably not. But if I had to guess, I'd bet that hypothesis number two is the most likely. After all, simpler is usually better when it comes to these sorts of explanations.
CLOSE A mystery philanthropist has been spreading cheer one $100 bill at a time for more than three years in and around Salem, Oregon.
Chandra Barley reported Feb. 25, 2014, that they found this $100 bill signed by Benny in a tri-pack of condiments at a Walmart. (Photo11: (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal)
SALEM, Ore. — A mystery philanthropist has been spreading cheer one $100 bill at a time for more than three years in and around Salem, Ore.
They randomly hide the bills to be found at stores, markets, fairs and festivals, surprising and delighting unsuspecting shoppers and patrons.
When the first reports surfaced in May 2013, I christened them with the nickname Benny because Benjamin Franklin is on the $100 bill. Not long after, when it appeared others might be trying to steal their thunder, they began signing their bills.
A friend of theirs came forward to act as a liaison, confirming their handiwork. When they died, a replacement quickly stepped forward, emphasizing just how serious Benny's circle of friends are about maintaining their anonymity and how this has never been about him, but about helping and inspiring others.
Even so, Benny has been known to be brazen. They often frequent stores during peak shopping times and high-profile events that draw thousands of people. Apparently, that's part of the fun for him.
To date, they have hidden more than $50,000 worth of $100 bills in the Salem area, and that's only what has been reported. I keep track of when and where the bills are found, and if possible how they are used. They have left them in 26 different stores, at eight different events, and in a handful of different neighborhoods.
A mystery philanthropist is leaving $100 bills around Salem, Ore. (Photo11: (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal)
Those who find one all have a similar tale, about being shocked when a $100 bill falls out of the packaging of something they just purchased. Bills have been found in everything from breakfast cereals to frozen entrees, and from mouse traps to feminine hygiene products. Sometimes they are not discovered until days or weeks later when retrieving something out of the pantry or cabinet.
Benny bills, usually neatly folded in fourths and signed on the right edge front or back, have come to symbolize generosity and good will. From them a new Salem slang has evolved.
To get Benny-ed is to find one of these $100 bills and be given hope or inspiration.
The finders are Benny-ficiaries.
Non-profits and causes are Benny-fitting.
It is remarkable how these bills always seem to wind up in the right hands, of those who really need the money and those who know just the right cause to give it to.
They have helped people pay their electric bill, make their rent, buy their prescription medication, and even provide them shelter for a couple of nights. But the real magic of Benny has been the pay-it-forward spirit they have inspired in the community.
Slightly more than half of those who find a $100 bill report paying it forward, whether it be to their favorite non-profit or a stranger in need. Some of the most heartwarming stories involve children. Instead of going on a toy shopping spree, they decide to buy school supplies for their classmates or groceries for the local food bank.
A homeless couple found a $100 bill and used it to purchase a few nights in a motel. (Photo11: (Salem, Ore.) Statesman Journal)
The bills are so cherished by some finders that they are keeping them as mementos. They're still paying it forward, but with their own cash or check. People are posting them on refrigerators, displaying them on bedside tables, carrying them in their purses and putting them in protective sleeves.
It's a reminder, they say, to give and be like Benny.
clynn@StatesmanJournal.com, 503-399-6710, or follow on Twitter @CapiLynn and Facebook @CapiLynnSJ.
For more stories of kindness, LIKE Humankind on Facebook.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/29RLI3c
Police have arrested a woman who roamed around in a Mercedes-Benz grabbing packages from the doorsteps of houses.
Video footage showed the woman nonchalantly taking the parcels before scampering back into the car.
When police went to the home of Tagui Abrayan they found mail and packages from around 300 residents of the San Fernando Valley, Malibu and west Los Angeles.
Video footage showed the woman sidling up to the front door of David Pulido's house where there was a package on their front door
They calmly scooped up the package, before returning to the Mercedes-Benz driven by a man
The video footage showed Abrayan returning to the car clutching the stolen parcel
Abrayan was caught when victim David Pulido's package failed to arrive and they checked their security cameras.
As they watched back the footage, they saw the woman making off with their post and contacted police.
They then received security video from other victims in the area and used the footage to apprehend Abrayan on Thursday morning.
Speaking to CBS Los Angeles Mr Pulido said: 'People are actually bold enough to pull onto a driveway, pull out of a driveway and take whatever they want.
'This has been a safe neighborhood and all of a sudden I feel like it's changed.'
After reviewing the security footage, police arrested Tagui Abrayan, from Van Nuys in LA
Police are trying to trace the driver of this white Mercedes-Benz - they have a tattoo on their arm
Inside Abrayan's house police discovered parcels belonging to around 300 residents
Police found parcels belonging to around 300 residents at Abrayan's home.
Inside those packages were prescription drugs, altered cheques, a counterfeit driving licence and thousands of documents from a Beverly Hills medical office, the broadcaster reported.
The postal investigator is also looking into the case, as police recovered a homemade key to get into apartment mail boxes.
In March, 1764, two men burst into the Portuguese church inside the fort at Darmapatnam, and attacked the congregation with swords. Lizardo Evans was cut down and several other worshippers injured, before the attackers were killed.
“The bodies of the above Moors”, a colonial chronicler recorded, “were immediately ordered to be thrown into the sea as an example to deter from the like attempt in the future and to prevent any religious [illegible] being got of them, that they may not be worshipped as saints as is the practice of their caste”.
Two and a half centuries on, the rise of political Islamism on India's spice coast is again stirring violent forces—forces which raise the spectre of the kind of communal conflict that raged, for decades, along the Malabar coast.
No one knows, yet, who bombed the Bharatiya Janata Party's office in Bangalore—but irrespective of whom the perpetrators turn out to be, the event will almost certainly feed the ugly chauvinism long evident across the region. The political question is thus more important than the criminal one: just what is driving the jihadist moonrise on the spice coast—and what will its consequences be?
Evidence that violent jihadists are active across the spice coast isn't hard to come by. Earlier this year, the National Investigation Agency charged several Bangalore men in the first Indian plot involving online self-radicalisation. In 2011-2012, it alleges, Bangalore residents Abdul Hakeem Jamadar and Zafar Iqbal Sholapur visited Pakistan, drawn by online jihadist literature to join the jihad in Afghanistan. In Karachi, though, fugitive jihad organiser Farhatullah Ghauri persuaded them to fight against India. The NIA alleges that the Bangalore jihadists plotted to assassinate a string of figures associated with the Hindutva right-wing.
Earlier, the NIA alleges, Kerala-born engineer and former Students Islamic Movement of India activist Sarfaraz Nawaz helped raise funds for an ambitious Lashkar-e-Taiba network run out of the middle-east. Muscat resident, Abdul Aziz al-Hooti, the son of an Indian mother, provided funds for the 2008 serial bombings in Bangalore. The bombings, investigators allege, were carried out by a third man, Kerala resident Tadiyantavide Nasir. Nasir also recruited multiple Kerala men to train with the Lashkar-e-Taiba in Jammu and Kashmir.
Bangalore has long been a hub for jihadists drawn from across the spice coast region. Shibli Peedical Abdul, a top SIMI leader arrested in March 2008, was a computer engineer at a multinational firm in Bangalore, and often travelled abroad on business. So, too, was their SIMI colleague Yahya Kamakutty. Perhaps the best known case was that of Glasgow suicide-bomber Kafeel Ahmed, an engineer born to a respectable and well-educated family in Bangalore.
How does one account for the apparent seduction of some young men? There is no simple answer. In the course of their interrogations—which, under Indian law, are not admissible as evidence—police say suspects cast their actions as retaliation against the communal killings of 1992 and 2002. Not all cases fit this narrative, though. Nasir, investigators have told Firstpost, was drawn to Abdul Nasir Madani's Islamic Seva Sangh in 1991, and cut their teeth in street clashes with Hindutva groups—culminating in their participation in the tragic Marad massacre, which claimed 13 lives. Kamakutty and Abdul, investigators claim, first radicalised at Sarani, a hostel run to house Muslim professionals from Kerala. It is possible they felt a sense of social exclusion.
This, however, we do know more reliably: ever since the early 1990s, both Muslim neo-fundamentalism and Islamism have gathered momentum. Petro-Islam, was imported by migrant workers in the Persian gulf may have influenced it. So, perhaps, did the enormous cultural and social changes brought about in the region by wealth and cultural modernity. Hindutva violence also gave the Islamists legitimacy. Parvathi Menon had warned in 2009, that youth were increasingly embracing extreme postures, and engaging in murderous attacks.
Following the attempt to assassinate former deputy prime minister LK Advani in 1993, the political landscape has been regularly punctuated by violence—be it the chopping-off of a purportedly-blasphemous teacher's hand, or killings of political opponents. In 2010, veteran communist leader VS Achuthanandan even warned that Islamists were working to turn Kerala into a Muslim-majority state.
Put simply, the terrorist bombings are extreme forms of everyday violence—violence that has grown roots in a firmament of competitive communalism.
From the sixteenth century historian Sheikh Zainuddin Mab'ari, we know the jihadist political tendency in southern India isn't of recent vintage. In 1498, the Portuguese arrived off the Malabar coast—tearing apart the prosperous Muslim community which until then enjoyed a monopoly of the spice trade with the Persian gulf. In Maba'ri's view, the Muslims had invited this on themselves, their prosperity leading them to “deviate into sinful living, forgetting the blessings of Allah”. They also condemned Islamic rulers, “who loved this transient world more than the next and would not struggle in the path of Allah or spend their wealth in theirs cause”.
Portuguese colonialism was shaped—as all colonialism is—by the sword. Ma'bari chronicled its murderous impact: “They killed innumerable Muslims. Those who were caught, bound and confined were countless in number. Many were forcefully converted to Christianity. Kidnapping Muslim women and raping them in custody to produce Christian children was rampant”.
Ma'bari thus wrote with the declared intention intention of “giving inspiration to the believers to wage jihad against the cross-worshipping Portuguese”. In their view, jihad against unbelievers living in their own lands was not an individual obligation: “if nobody undertakes to do it, the entire community will be held responsible for committing the sin”. In the face of invasion, though jihad was the “responsibility of every able-bodied individual adult Muslim, male or female”.
This kind of jihadist ideological motif, the historian Ayesha Jalal has shown, runs through South Asia—though, it bears mention, generally at the fringes of Muslim politics. The eighteenth century cleric Shah Waliullah, for example, wrote to Muslim rulers and notables calling for measures against Hindus and followers of the Shia faith. They also wrote to the Afghan warlord Ahmad Shah Abdali, calling on them to invade India. In a manifesto released after its 2008 bombings in New Delhi, the Indian Mujahideen had specifically invoked the memories of Sayyid Ahmad and Shah Ismail, two iconic jihadists killed who were killed at Balakot in May, 1831, while waging an unsuccessful jihad against Maharaja Ranjit Singh's empire.
During the great rebellion of 1857, Indian insurgents fighting imperial British troops included among their ranks numbers of self-described jihadis, including at least one regiment of suicide ghazis, who vowed to fight until they met death at the hands of the infidel. While it would, perhaps, be misleading to read this form of jihadi resistance in the context of our times, the fact remains the presence of the ghazis, or Islamic warriors, caused Hindu-Muslim communal friction of a kind that is startlingly modern.
In 2003, for example, the Lashkar had argued on its website that violence against Muslims in India was an outcome of the core character of Hindus, who “have no compassion in their religion”. Lashkar chief Hafiz Mohammad Saeed also said that “the Hindu is a mean enemy and the proper way to deal with them is the one adopted by and forefathers [who] crushed them by force”. In the wake, SIMI called for Muslims to avenge the act by following in the steps of the eleventh century conqueror, Mahmud Ghaznavi.
It isn't that the jihadists and neo-fundamentalists are the only—or even principal—voice of Muslims along the spice coast today. The region is also seeing the birth of a secularised middle-class, fighting for opportunities in the new economy. Yet, religious chauvinism and discrimination have empowered those—like the Lashkar and SIMI—who argue that democracy offers no way out of the crisis the community faces.
Facing up to the challenge will need both introspection and vision—qualities leaders in both communities have shown little of so far.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Mayo Clinic
With lung cancer being the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the U.S., effective early screening is key to saving lives. Researchers at the Mayo Clinic say they've developed new software that can help classify lung nodules noninvasively, saving lives and health care costs.
A pilot study of the program called Computer-aided Nodule Assessment and Risk Yield, or Canary, appears in the April issue of the Journal of Thoracic Oncology.
Canary leans on data from high-resolution CT images of a common type of cancerous nodule in the lung called pulmonary adenocarcinomas. It matches every pixel of the lung image to one of nine unique radiological exemplars. In the pilot study, it was able to classify the lesions as aggressive or indolent with high sensitivity, as compared to microscopic analyses of the lesions after being surgically removed and analyzed by lung pathologists.
"Pulmonary adenocarcinoma is the most common type of lung cancer and early detection using traditional computed tomography (CT) scans can lead to a better prognosis," Tobias Peikert, a Mayo Clinic pulmonologist and senior author of the study, said in a news release. "However, a subgroup of the detected adenocarcinomas identified by CT may grow very slowly and may be treatable with less extensive surgery."
Peikert says that without effective screening, most lung cancer patients don't identify the disease until they are at an advanced stage and far more likely to die from it. Yet, screening via CT scans would be an expensive way to improve the survival rate, as it often can lead to overtreating slow-growing tumors. The hope is that Canary can identify those tumors that can be treated with less extensive -- and expensive -- surgery.
From: Canadian Geotechnical Journal, vol. IV, no. 3. Printed in Canada .
THE USELESSNESS OF ELEPHANTS IN COMPACTING FILL
RICHARD L. MEEHAN and NIKOM ISRANKURA
Erosion of irrigation canal embankments during the wet season is a perennial problem in Northeast Thailand. Grass cover is often difficult to establish because, among other reasons, the embankments are convenient pedestrian thoroughfares. Proper compaction of the embankments is an obvious remedy which is seldom applied for lack of suitable compaction equipment.
Maintenance of embankments had become a major problem along the main canal and laterals of the Lam Pra Plerg Project, an irrigation development located 60 kilometers south of the town of Korat. It occurred to the frustrated field engineers that local unemployed elephants might be recruited at a reasonable rate to perform the compaction. Although several opinions were offered on the efficacy of such a means, no record of the performance of elephants as compactors was discovered. Accordingly, it was decided to resolve this controversial question by undertaking a modest field investigation.
Elephas maximus, the Asian elephant, is regarded with particular affection by the Thai, who not only share our delight at the wondrous sight of two tons of animal flesh, but also know their elephants as dependable workers with an unparalleled capability for dragging valuable timber from the thickest jungles. The enthusiasm amounts to a national tradition; the distinguished Siamese monarch King Mongkut, upon receiving word of the American Civil War, offered President Lincoln a battle-trained squadron of elephants to crush the opposition. It was no surprise, then, that as the day of the field test approached, all concerned looked forward to the beasts proving themselves the equals of imported machines.
PROCEDURE
A fill stockpile area at the headworks was selected as a convenient site for the trial. The test material was a sandy clay of low plasticity from a nearby excavation. Natural moisture content was 4 to 5 per cent dry of optimum. The soil was spread by hand in a 20 cm lift over an area 9 meters square, and divided by string into 9 square sections (see Figure 1), or 3 east-west lanes
of 3 meters width intersected by 3 similar north-south lanes. Different moisture contents were obtained in each of north-south lanes by hand sprinkling, and different compactive efforts were achieved in the east-west lanes by varying the number of coverages. Two elephants, a cow and a bull, were used. In addition to the handler, a qualified soils technician rode on each elephant during the time that the animal was on the test lift. The intent was to direct the elephants in file back and forth through the east-west Ianes a predetermined number of times.
Unfortunately, the large number of people that crowded onto the test section to watch the operation, the sharp turns required, and the differing dialects of the handlers and technicians confused and perplexed the elephants, so that it became necessary to remove the more excitable cow from the area. In general, the test was completed as planned, although it was necessary to increase the number of passes well above original expectations. At the completion of the test, field density determinations (sand cone method) were made in each of the square formed by the intersecting lanes.
RESULTS
Field densities and moisture contents are plotted alone with the Proctor density-moisture ontent curve in Figure 2. Numbers adjacent to the plotted points designate the number of elephant passes. It is clear from the test results that this method of compaction fails to produce adequate density. This is explained as follows:
1. The weight of the animal is supported by three legs, even as it walks. The area of the imprint of each foot is typically 175 sq. cm, so that its weight is distributed over an area of about 525 sq. cm. Assuming a total weight of animal of 2000 kilograms, the applied pressure is
3.8 kg/sq. cm (54 lb./sq. in.). While this compares favourably with tire pressures of pneumatic rollers, the rate of coverage is much slower, i.e., a far greater number of passes is required for comparable coverage.
