Over at DarwinsFool.com, I summarize a lengthy report issued by two congressional committees on how the Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Department of Health and Human Services conspired to create a new entitlement program that is authorized nowhere in federal law. Here's an excerpt in which I summarize the summary:
Here is what seven key Treasury and IRS officials told investigators.
In early 2011, Treasury and IRS officials realized they had a problem. They unanimously believed Congress had intended to authorize certain taxes and subsidies in all states, whether or not a state opted to establish a health insurance “exchange” under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. At the same time, agency officials recognized: (1) the PPACA plainly does not allow those taxes and subsidies in non-establishing states; (2) the law's legislative history offers no support for their theory that Congress intended to allow them in non-establishing states; and (3) Congress had not given the agencies authority to treat non-establishing states the same as establishing states.
Nevertheless, agency officials agreed, again with apparent unanimity, to impose those taxes and dispense those subsidies in states with federal Exchanges, the undisputed plain meaning of the PPACA notwithstanding. Treasury, IRS, and HHS officials simply rewrote the law to create a new, unauthorized entitlement program whose cost “may exceed $500 billion dollars over 10 years.” (My own estimate puts the 10-year cost closer to $700 billion.)
Story highlights Japan detains artist known for creating works inspired by female genitalia
Megumi Igarashi, 42, is being held on charges of distributing obscene data
Igarashi says their own insecurities and desire to shatter taboos inspire their work
In a country with a flourishing porn industry and an annual penis festival, it may come as a surprise that an artist with a mission to make female genitalia "more casual and pop" has run afoul of authorities.
But in Japan, a conceptual artist known for creating works inspired by their genitals is being held by Tokyo police on charges of sharing obscene material electronically.
Megumi Igarashi, who goes by the pseudonym Rokudenashiko (which means "good-for-nothing kid"), launched a crowd-funding campaign to raise money to build a kayak in the shape of their vagina using a 3-D printer.
In exchange for donations, supporters of the project were given data that would allow them to make their own 3-D prints of them genitals.
Police arrested Igarashi Saturday, charging them with "distributing data that could create an obscene shape through a 3-D printer."
JUST WATCHED Japan cracks down on child porn Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Japan cracks down on child porn 03:08
JUST WATCHED Mascot mania means big bucks in Japan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mascot mania means big bucks in Japan 02:30
The 42-year-old denies the charges, saying that they don't acknowledge that the work is "an obscenity." For her, it's a piece of fine art.
In fact, Igarashi came up with the the idea for the project based on their own self doubt. Female genitalia is such a taboo in Japanese society, they explained on their fundraising page , that it has become "overly hidden."
They did not know what a vagina "should look like," they said, and worried that their own was "abnormal."
Images of penises, on the other hand, were an acceptable part of pop culture, they said. (And anyone who's witnessed crowds licking phallic lollipops and sporting penis-shaped glasses at Japan's " Festival of the Steel Phallus " will find it difficult to argue with her.)
The artist has embarked on a whole series of cutesy works inspired by the female anatomy, from smartphone cases to a giant kawaii mascot . They created miniature dioramas , including one of workers toiling away in a vagina-shaped crevice at Fukushima's damaged nuclear plant.
Many critics of their arrest have pointed out that Japan only banned the possession of child pornography a month ago, and even then, the ban excludes explicit anime and manga cartoons.
Distributing uncensored images of real genitalia is a crime under the country's obscenity laws.
More than 17,000 people had signed an online petition calling for Igarashi's release as of Wednesday.
One of their lawyers, Kazuyuki Minami, acknowledges that not everyone will appreciate Igarashi's work, but says that their case is about more than artistic expression.
"Whether you experience empathy with their works that challenge a taboo will depend on the individual's sensitivity. However, all people who believe in freedom and equality of human beings should understand that their arrest and detention was not right thing."
Police are still questioning Igarashi, a spokesperson for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police told CNN Wednesday.
The earliest the artist can be released is August 8, although police can hold them for up to 20 days in order to gather evidence because they deny the charges, the spokesperson said.
If convicted, they could face up to two years jail time or a fine of as much as 2.5 million yen (around US$24,500), their lawyers say.
Protesters In Moscow Demand Explanation For Health Care Cuts
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alexander Zemlianichenko/AP Alexander Zemlianichenko/AP
In the numbing cold, several thousand demonstrators marched in Moscow on Sunday, protesting plans to make drastic cuts in the city's health care system. It was the second protest in the past month over a pocketbook issue that affects most Russian consumers — especially as people feel the effects of a weakening economy.
Protesters waved flags and carried banners with slogans like "Save money on war, not on doctors." It was a relatively small demonstration, but it drew broad support. And it signaled that while Russian President Vladimir Putin has been facing growing international isolation for their foreign policy, he's also under pressure at home.
The demonstrators ranged from doctors and patients groups saying the medical system desperately needs reform to Communists who want to return to a Soviet-style system of free medical care.
They all say the government's reform plan is a heavy-handed scheme concocted by government bureaucrats who never consulted the medical community.
"They haven't explained anything to anybody," says Tatiana Korshunova, a blood technician on a heart-surgery team. "They haven't explained why they're cutting the number of hospitals or how they're going to do that. They haven't explained why they're cutting the number of doctors."
The government's plan would eliminate jobs for up to 10,000 doctors and close 28 of Moscow's hospitals and clinics by early next year. Korshunova says it is humiliating that medical workers weren't consulted on something that impacts so many of them.
The city administration says the closed hospitals will eventually be replaced by neighborhood outpatient clinics. Pavel, a 30-year-old cardiologist, says that's just doing things backwards.
"We do need reforms, but not the way they're doing it," they say. "They need to build up the clinics before they close hospitals and lay people off."
Pavel didn't want to give their last name because of fears of political repercussions for themselves and their boss.
Many people at the protest said the problem is not just with medical care, but with a government that has grown deaf to social needs while it boosts spending on the military.
Russia is in a precarious financial situation, battered by low oil prices and Western sanctions.
Putin has doubled military spending in the past decade, and the latest budget calls for still more increases over the next two years. The same budget will cut spending on health care, education and pensions.
That doesn't go down well with protestor Ivan Nabrienko, who says there's a potential for a lot more people to get involved.
"The health care is one of those special social domains that touch everyone," Nabrienko says. They say that's why they are at the protest — because they might one day be a patient in that health care system.
If more Russians see the health care system as failing them, Putin's government could be facing a future of discontent.
A man who yelled an expletive at former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley on their final day in office was sentenced Friday to three years in prison.
Janusz Kopycinski, 31, yelled "F*** the mayor!" and spat in the mayor's general direction as a crowd gathered outside City Hall as Daley left one last time as mayor on May 13, 2011, according to police, the Chicago Sun-Times reports.
Police officers proceeded to request identification, causing Kopycinski to run. Police made chase and one of the officers was grazed by a moving CTA bus during the pursuit.
The officer sustained minor, non-life-threatening abrasions in the grazing, but the injury was enough for charges against Kopycinski to be elevated from misdemeanor resisting arrest.
Kopycinski, who testified in court that they meant no harm to anyone, was found guilty in April of aggravated battery to a police officer and resisting arrest in the incident, NBC Chicago reports.
Mitchell Pearce (born 7 April 1989) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who captains the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League. A New South Wales State of Origin, City Origin, Prime Minister's XIII and NRL All Stars representative, they play as a halfback. They previously played for the Sydney Roosters with whom they won the 2013 NRL Premiership.  They are the son of the ARL commissioner, former Balmain Tigers legend, New South Wales and Australian international Wayne Pearce.[2][3]
Background [ edit ]
Born in Sydney, New South Wales, Pearce played their junior football for the Asquith Magpies and North Ryde Hawks.[4] Pearce attended and played rugby union for Barker College, before transferring to Marist College North Shore for their senior years, where they played league alongside their friend Kieran Foran.[5][6] Pearce would later be signed by the Sydney Roosters. In December 2005, Pearce, who was then 16 years old, was at a charity golf function in Queensland's Sunshine Coast when was attacked by a drunken Craig Gower, the Penrith Panthers captain. Gower allegedly chased Pearce around the resort with a glass bottle before vomiting on him; Gower was also accused of manhandling and groping Pearce's older sister Tatum Pearce.[7]
Playing career [ edit ]
2007 [ edit ]
In Round 2 of the 2007 NRL season, Pearce made their NRL debut for the Sydney Roosters against the North Queensland Cowboys, starting at halfback in the 43-6 loss at 1300SMILES Stadium.[8] After three First Grade appearances for the Roosters, Pearce's contract was extended by the club to the end of the 2010 season.[9] In Round 12 against the Newcastle Knights, Pearce scored their first NRL career try in the Roosters 22-18 loss at Central Coast Stadium.[10] In Round 14 against the Penrith Panthers, Pearce scored an 80-metre try in the final minute from a loose carry from Panthers halfback Craig Gower, the man who previously drunkenly attacked Pearce 2 years prior and got the last laugh by scoring the try of their mistake to win the match for the Roosters 24-20 at Penrith Stadium.[11] Later into the season, Pearce was ruled out for 6 weeks to due a back injury and later in Round 23 onwards where they played off the interchange bench in last 3 matches. Pearce finished their debut year in the NRL with them playing in 16 matches and scoring 2 tries for the Roosters in the 2007 NRL season.
2008 [ edit ]
On 2 May 2008, Pearce made their representative debut, playing for City Origin against Country Origin and starting at halfback in the 22-22 all draw at WIN Stadium.[12] On 2 July 2008, Pearce was selected to make their State of Origin debut for New South Wales, replacing the injured Peter Wallace in the Game 3 series decider match at ANZ Stadium.[13] The Blues were defeated 16-10 and lost the series.[14] Pearce later said, "In hindsight I wish I never played that early when I was 19 to 22. I definitely wasn't ready. As a halfback in Origin at 19, it was way too early. I probably developed some bad doubts from that period in those first few games. It's a daunting thing."[15] In Round 21 against the North Queensland Cowboys, Pearce scored their hattrick of tries in the Roosters 32-20 win at 1300SMILES Stadium.[16] Pearce finished the 2008 NRL season with them playing in 25 matches, scoring 7 tries and kicking 1 field goal or the Roosters.
2009 [ edit ]
In March 2009, Pearce extended their contract with the Roosters to the end to the 2013 season. Pearce finished Roosters wooden spoon dreaded 2009 NRL season with them playing in all the Roosters 24 matches, scoring 8 tries and kicking 1 field goal.
2010 [ edit ]
Pearce regained the halfback spot for New South Wales in Game 2 of the 2010 State of Origin series, where they were beaten by Queensland 34-6 at Suncorp Stadium and lost the series in a fifth consecutive year.[17][18] Pearce also played in Game 3, where the Blues were beaten 23-18 at ANZ Stadium and were beaten in a whitewash 3-0 series loss.[19] Pearce would later be one of the main players to lead the Roosters who were last place wooden spooner's in the previous season to the 2010 NRL Grand Final against the St George Illawarra Dragons, as the Roosters made the finals on 6th place.[20][21] On 3 October 2010, Pearce started at halfback in the Roosters 32-8 defeat on the big day.[22] Pearce finished the 2010 NRL season with them playing in 22 matches and scored 9 tries for the Roosters.
2011 [ edit ]
On 6 May 2011, Pearce played for City Origin against Country Origin, playing at halfback in the 18-12 loss in Albury.[23] Pearce was selected to play at halfback in all 3 matches for New South Wales in their 2-1 series defeat of the 2011 State of Origin series.[24] Pearce scored their first Origin try in Game 1, where the Blues lost 16-12 at Suncorp Stadium.[25] In Round 18 against the Penrith Panthers, Pearce played their 100th NRL career match in the Roosters 34-26 win at Sydney Football Stadium.[26] Pearce finished the 2011 NRL season with them playing in 21 matches, scoring 3 tries and kicking 1 field goal. On 25 September 2011, Pearce played for Prime Minister's XIII against Papua New Guinea, playing at halfback in the 36-22 win in Lae.[27]
2012 [ edit ]
On 22 April 2012, Pearce played for City Origin against Country Origin, playing at halfback in the 24-22 loss in Mudgee.[28] Pearce was selected to play at halfback in all 3 matches for New South Wales in their 2-1 series defeat of the 2012 State of Origin series.[29] In June 2012, Pearce was rumoured to leave the Roosters to join the Wests Tigers because a tough relationship with the Brian Smith over them being printed on the papers due to their party boy antics.[30][31] Pearce finished the 2012 NRL season with them playing in 22 matches and scoring 10 tries.
2013 [ edit ]
On 13 February 2013, Pearce extended their contract with the Roosters to the end of the 2017 season.[32] With a new coach of Trent Robinson and new halves partner of James Maloney, Pearce's form was improving from previous seasons and later played in the 2013 State of Origin series, playing in all 3 matches at halfback alongside Maloney in the 2-1 series loss.[33] In Round 23 against the Wests Tigers, Pearce played their 150th NRL career match and scored 2 tries in the 56-14 win at Sydney Football Stadium.[34][35] Pearce would help the Roosters to win the Minor Premiership and later made it into the 2013 NRL Grand Final where they played against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.[36] On 6 October 2013, Pearce played at halfback in the 26-18 win at ANZ Stadium.[37][38] Pearce finished the Roosters successful 2013 NRL season with them playing in 26 matches and scoring 5 tries.
2014 [ edit ]
In May 2014, Pearce was given an infringement notice by police after they refused to leave a nightclub in Kings Cross after a female clubber complained about their actions.[39] They were later fined $20,000 and given a 1 match suspension.[40] Pearce was later dropped from the New South Wales squad, where Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs halfback Trent Hodkinson took over their incumbent spot and by coincidence they scored the winning try in Game 2 to win the series for the Blues for the first time since 2005 as Pearce has never had an Origin series win.[41][42] Pearce finished the 2014 NRL season with them playing in 26 matches and scoring 9 tries for the Roosters.
2015 [ edit ]
Pearce made their return to the Origin arena for the 2015 State of Origin series playing at five-eighth, a position they usually don't play at in all 3 matches as NSW went down to lose series 2-1.[43][44] In Game 3 as the Blues copped an embarrassing 52-6 series decider defeat, Pearce was on the receiving off a brutal sledge from Queensland five-eighth Johnathan Thurston, Him saying to Pearce, “If you want to touch the shield, your best chance is to go up and touch the Wally Lewis statue out the front of the stadium, I'll take the picture, that will be the closest you get to the shield in your lifetime", after they Pearce allegedly sledged them before the match saying that they were “too old for Origin”.[45][46] In Round 21 against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, Pearce became the youngest player in NRL history to play 200 career matches (at 26 years 115 days) as the Roosters won 38-28 at Sydney Football Stadium.[47][48] Pearce was appointed co-captain of the Roosters and their side went on to win the Minor Premiership to bowed out in the Preliminary Final against the Brisbane Broncos when they were defeated 31-12 at Suncorp Stadium.[49][50] Pearce finished the 2015 NRL season with them playing in 21 matches and scoring 1 try for the Roosters.
2016 [ edit ]
After Pearce's controversial drunken Australia Day antics that was caught on video, Pearce was fined $125,000 by the NRL, suspended for 8-matches and lost their co-captaincy for the Roosters.[51] Pearce later made their return for the Roosters in Round 8 against the Newcastle Knights, scoring a try in the 38-0 win at Sydney Football Stadium.[52] Pearce wasn't selected for New South Wales for the 2016 State of Origin series, with selectors opting to put South Sydney Rabbitohs half Adam Reynolds at halfback.[53][54] Pearce finished their rough 2016 NRL season with them playing in a career low 12 matches and scoring 1 try for the Roosters. On 24 September 2016, Pearce played for Prime Minister's XIII against Papua New Guinea, playing at halfback in the 58-0 win in Port Moresby.[55][56]
2017 [ edit ]
In the Round 8 ANZAC Day match against the St George Illawarra Dragons, Pearce kicked a game winning field goal in the 83rd minute during Golden Point to give the Roosters a 13-12 victory and won the ANZAC Man of the Match Medal at Sydney Football Stadium.[57] In Round 16 against the Melbourne Storm, Pearce would again kick a match winning field goal in Golden Point to give the Roosters a 25-24 victory at Adelaide Oval.[58] Pearce who started the season in good form would again get selected to play at halfback for New South Wales for the 2017 State of Origin series in all 3 matches and scored 2 tries in another unsuccessful attempt for Pearce to be part of winning Origin team.[59][60] On 27 September 2017, Pearce was the winner of the Peter Frilingos Headline Moment of the Year of their match winning performance in the Roosters ANZAC Day clash against the St George Illawarra Dragons.[61] Following the 2017 season in which Pearce helped the Roosters take 2nd place on the ladder and made it to the preliminary final, it was announced that the Roosters had signed Melbourne Storm superstar halfback Cooper Cronk on a two-year deal. Pearce, feeling betrayed, started weighing their future in what would be the biggest decision in their career.[62] In the end, Pearce decided to leave the club and on 20 November 2017, the Sydney Roosters granted Pearce an immediate release from their remaining contract.[63] Pearce was negotiating with the Newcastle Knights, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles and the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.[64] On 30 November 2017, it was announced that Pearce signed a 4-year deal with the Newcastle Knights starting from 2018, worth about $4 Million over the time.[65][66] Pearce finished their 10-year stint with the Sydney Roosters with them playing in 23 matches, scoring 7 tries and kicking 3 field goals in the 2017 NRL season.
2018 [ edit ]
In round 1 of the 2018 season, Pearce made their debut for the Knights in their 19-18 golden point extra-time win over the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles, kicking the winning field goal.[67] In round three Pearce played against their former club Sydney Roosters going down 8-38. 4 weeks later in the round 7 clash they tore their pectoral muscle in the Knights' 22-20 win against the Wests Tigers at Scully Park. This Injury caused them to miss 10 weeks where in that time, the Knights only won 2 games. Once returning from injury, Pearce played in the remaining 8 games of the season. They ended the year with 22 votes in the Dally M Awards, finishing in 5th overall and 2nd for the Knights.
Point Scoring Summary – Roosters & Knights (NRL) [ edit ]
Season Appearance Interchange Tries Goals F/G Points 2007 (Roosters) 13 3 2 – – 8 2008 (Roosters) 25 – 7 – 1 29 2009 (Roosters) 24 – 8 – 1 33 2010 (Roosters) 22 – 9 – – 36 2011 (Roosters) 21 – 3 – 1 13 2012 (Roosters) 22 – 10 – – 40 2013 (Roosters) 26 – 5 – – 20 2014 (Roosters) 26 – 9 – 1 36 2015 (Roosters) 21 – 1 – – 4 2016 (Roosters) 12 - 1 - - 4 2017 (Roosters) 21 - 7 3 31 2018 (Knights) 15 - 2 - 1 9 Overall 254 3 64 0 8 264
Controversies [ edit ]
2014 King Cross nightclub [ edit ]
In May 2014 Pearce was fined $20,000 and suspended for one game by the Roosters following an incident in a Kings Cross nightclub. A video broadcast on the Nine Network appeared to show a woman in a yellow dress becoming agitated by Pearce's actions. They had made a complaint to the police, but did not proceed with further action. The police issued an infringement notice to Pearce for failing to leave the club when asked and banned them from the Kings Cross area for 48 hours.[68]
2016 Australia Day party [ edit ]
On 27 January 2016 a video was aired showing an intoxicated Pearce forcing an unwanted kiss on a woman and, when rejected, simulating sex with their dog, after having urinated on themselves and their couch.[69] Within hours the Sydney Roosters released a short statement stating that they had advised the NRL's Integrity Unit of the incident and would conduct an internal investigation. The NRL, in turn, asked the Roosters for a report into the incident.[70] Two days after the video was first aired, an emotional Pearce read a statement to the media apologising for their actions and acknowledging that they have a problem with alcohol. They left Australia shortly thereafter, for treatment in an "intensive rehabilitation facility for an extended period".[71][72]
Following their return to Australia at the end of February, Pearce said that they had given up alcohol.[73] Shortly afterwards, Pearce overcame the impasse in negotiations between the Roosters and the NRL over the severity of their punishment by phoning their club and saying that they "deserved to be sidelined for a lengthy period.”[74] They were given a fine of $125,000, with $50,000 being suspended for two years, and an eight match ban.[74]
Joseph Morgan The Originals Black Jacket
This magnificent yet classy attire is an exact clothing as the one seen in the drama series “The Originals”. Joseph Morgan as Klaus Mikaelson wore this stimulated outfit that is formed with perfection, in order to grant men with high quality assurance and uplift their persona among the viewers.
This Joseph Morgan The Originals men's black Jacket is made with the use of 100% real leather and it features the fresh style of double pattern collar, front YKK zip closing front, and two flap front pockets as well as two diagonal waist pockets. Superlative stitching is provided in the conception of this leather jacket, which could be excellent for casual and semi-casual occasions, clubs, party, shopping and winter season. Also, a great wear for winter and it is offered and 30 days money-back guarantee!
Too soon? (Photo courtesy of Chris)
It wouldn't be Halloween without at least one costume that gets us up in arms and declaring it "too soon."
After the news broke of the driver whose body was ejected onto a freeway sign on Friday morning, one Angeleno immediately found inspiration. "I read the headline and presumed it was an intensely macabre prank. It shocked me immediately," the costume wearer, who only wants to be identified as Chris, told LAist. "I immediately thought it encompassed a great costume concept: disturbing, relevant, and unique."
Although they were aware many would consider it to be in poor taste, they wore it two Halloween parties and got different responses. "The first was an industry function, and those who understood the reference were appalled and sickened, however, it was more of a 'I hate myself for laughing' reflex," they explain. "At a house party, I was confronted by several people who felt it was an insensitive gesture. I beat those people up."
This wasn't their first flirtation with a Halloween costume in supposed poor taste. "Years ago, when JFK Jr. died, I made an airplane propeller out of styrofoam, and lodged it into my abdomen, splattering my face in fake blood," says Chris.
"Most of my friends thought it to be in bad taste, though they agreed I'm equally handsome."
George Osborne, the Chancellor, yesterday claimed the Coalition has “fast-tracked” visas for the “very best scientists in the world” with its programme to encourage outstanding academics to come to the UK.
But the Royal Society said only a “negligible” number of scientists have actually applied for the initiative since it started in August last year.
Sir Paul Nurse, the President of the Royal Society, said Britain's reputation for tough immigration rules means academics “no longer feel they are welcome”, despite the new visas for “exceptionally talented” foreigners.
They challenged the Chancellor over the fact that some scientists feel Britain is “not open for business” as ministers try to reduce the overall number of immigrants with harsher restrictions.
Speaking on BBC Radio Four's Today programme, Mr Osborne said the visa system is actually very open to the "brightest and best" foreigners
But they admitted Britain may need to change its image if it is discouraging the world's best scientists from settling.
"You do have to have immigration control, and the public lost confidence in immigration control" they said. "So it's important that the Government gets public confidence in immigration control. But immigration control should not keep out the brightest and the best from the world.”
Under the scheme, foreign academics can apply for visas to the Royal Society, the Arts Council, the Royal Academy of Engineering and the British Academy if they are "leaders in their respective fields".
They had a quota of 1,000 visas to hand out annually, but only around five per cent of that number had been given away by October in more than a year of operation.
A spokesperson for the Royal Society said it had “very, very few applications”. They said there is “anecdotal evidence that suggests academics do not view the UK as the most welcoming place”.
A UK Border Agency spokesperson said: “The exceptional talent Tier 1 visa is a new route for individuals who are internationally recognised in their field and was created to ensure we get the brightest and the best to come to the UK.
“Many of those who could apply for the exceptional talent visa are still coming through the normal route, but we would expect those in the arts and science world who don't want to be tied to a specific employer to make greater use of this avenue in the future.”
The “exceptional talent” visas are meant to help make Britain into the best place in the world for cutting-edge research, amid competition from universities in the US, Europe and developing countries such as Singapore.
The Chancellor yesterday said they personally intervened to make sure two foreign scientists stayed in Britain to develop commercial uses for a super-material called graphene.
Andre Geim and Konstantin Novoselov, two Russian academics at the University of Manchester, won the 2010 Nobel Prize in Physics for demonstrating the remarkable properties of graphene - a kind of two-dimensional carbon which is one of the thinnest, lightest, strongest and most conductive materials known to man.
The Government stepped in with £21.5 million of funding for further research into graphene at Manchester, Imperial College, London, and the University of Cambridge. Mr Osborne said ministers should take this sort of "dirigiste" action where it can help the British economy benefit from new scientific discoveries.
This is what we need more of, public protest, speaking the truth and letting the government know that we aren't taking thir bull crap anymore.
Teuvo Hakkarainen protests in Jyväskylä – “Finland is soon an occupied land”
Saturday 11.28.2015 at 20.35
Demonstrations were held inJyväskylä on Saturday afternoon for and against immigration.
According to police, a total of about two hundred people attended the demonstrations and they were peaceful. Dozens of police patrols were trusted with maintaining order of the demonstrations
Immigration opponents gathered in Jyväskylä Aren Square. – among the arrivals to the demonstration named “Do Something!”, were Joni and Tommi from Jyväskylä.
– Immigration has gone insane. There is no control and border is wide open. No one knows at all who is coming here. None of us are even allowed to enter other European countries without identification, so we should close the borders as well, demand Joni and Tommi.
Hakkarainen takes sharp stance
The Finns MP Teuvo Hakkarainen gave a protest speech in which they insisted on getting immigration under control.
– Asylum applicants are 85 per cent male and Finland is a point of being an occupied land. As a result, rape and crimes are happening, which the media have been reporting Hakkarainen said.
According to Hakkarainen, parents concerned about the safety of their children's have been contacting him.
– Fathers and mothers are afraid to let their children travel alone due to fear caused by crimes being committed by asylum seekers.
Properly-behaved asylum seekers didn't meet with Hakkarainen's approval.
– Somalis, for an example, are not adapting here because of the great difference in culture . They also are not employed. If a Thai refugee picks berries, have you ever seen a Somali to do the same, Hakkarainen said.
IL
Two Iraq War veterans were arrested today after handcuffing themselves to the White House gate to protest Don't Ask, Don't Tell:
An Iraq war veteran and vocal opponent of the military's Don't Ask Don't Tell policy was arrested by police officers after chaining themselves to the front gate of the White House, in apparent protest of that policy.
Lt. Dan Choi, who was discharged from the military and their role as an Arab linguist for being gay, has long opposed this policy. A second soldier, James Pietrangelo II, a plaintiff in the case turned down in the Supreme Court last year, also chained themselves with Choi to the White House gate and was arrested.
Some 150 protesters were also in front of the White House, changing “Hey Hey Ho Ho Don't Ask Don't Tell has got to go,” and about 30 Washington D.C. police officers are lined up in a show of force there as well.
Choi, a West Point graduate,was discharged from the National Guard in April of 2009. In a letter to President Obama last year, Choi described their reaction to receiving the letter as “a slap in the face to me. It is a slap in the face to my soldiers, peers and leaders who have demonstrated that an infantry unit can be professional enough to accept diversity, to accept capable leaders, to accept skilled soldiers….My subordinates know I'm gay. They don't care,” they said. “They are professional.”
“As an infantry officer, I am not accustomed to begging. But I beg you today: Do not fire me,” Choi wrote.
Preston North End have completed the signing of goalkeeper Jordan Pickford on a season-long loan from Premier League Sunderland.
The 21-year-old custodian, who has been at the Stadium of Light since they were eight-years-old, signed a new four year deal there over the summer.
The highly-rated England U20 international spent a large chunk of last season on loan Bradford City, playing in the only game that North End lost at Deepdale in 2014/15.
The Lilywhites beat a host of clubs to their signature and have allocated the Sunderland-born stopper the No.1 shirt.
The ‘keeper ended last season with a trip away with England U20s to the Toulon tournament and recently traveled with Dick Advocaat's first team to America and Canada, making their first team debut, playing the full 90 minutes against Mexican side Pachuca.
Manager Simon Grayson was delighted with the latest addition to their squad and has been impressed by their development so far.
"As soon as we got wind that Jordan was available then we decided to sign him.
“We knew we needed to make the decision very quickly because he's a good, young, up and coming goalkeeper who has some good experience, they did very well at Bradford City last year and we feel they are going to fit well into the squad and have a really good season with us."
Speaking about their move Pickford added: “I got the phone call from my agent last night and asked if I fancied it and obviously I said yes. It's a great chance for me to play in the Championship, I've done the other leagues and this is the next step up for me which is great."
Brompton has entered the e-bike market with the announcement of its new Brompton Electric, a familiar-looking folder based on the brand's classic design, with an added 250W front hub motor and a battery bag which sits on the front of the bike.
The bike folds to the same size as a non-powered Brompton, with an additional 1.5L battery bag that can be carried as a shoulder bag when it's not on the bike. The battery also features a USB charging port for mobile devices A larger 20L bag is also available if you want to carry more stuff around.
The Brompton Electric has four modes, ranging from no assistance, through to a high level of assistance. With a claimed range of between 25-50 miles, the bike should have enough juice for even the lengthiest of urban commutes.
Despite the slightly unusual placement of the motor on the front wheel — unusual at least for a production e-bike, where the motor is usually based around the bottom bracket — this is not a throttle-controlled system. Like most others on the market, the bike includes a "smart, integrated torque and cadence sensor" to control the levels of assistance provided.
The battery also powers a set of Busch & Müller LYT lights for year round, hassle-free running.
Brompton Electric first look
BikeRadar has today been given a first look at the new Brompton Electric that the UK company hopes will transform city commuting and get more people onto two wheels.
Five years in development, the bike retains the looks and practicality of the original Brompton, adding a 250-watt front hub motor to the equation developed in conjunction with Williams Advanced Engineering. We went ‘under the hood' with the company's chief design and engineering officer Will Carleysmith.
“The fold is the killer feature of the Brompton, it's what the business is built on,” they explain, “and so very, very consciously we wanted to keep that and make the whole thing as seamless as possible.”
The Brompton Electric will be available in black and white
The fold also helps to explain the decision to go with a front hub motor. “We looked at several options,” confirms Carleysmith, “but the design of our bike means we couldn't fit a motor in the crank, and we wanted to keep the convenience of having gears so that ruled out the rear hub.
“We talked to some Asian companies about front hub solutions, but they couldn't deliver the standard we were looking for. Eventually we teamed up with Williams, and F1 is a very specialised world where they have an electrics person, a gears person, a motor person, all in one place. They were able to build something that we considered good enough for Brompton.
The speed at which this technology is moving, versus the speed bicycle technology has been moving, is going to be a lot faster
“We started out with a very good clutch, we killed that and went on to an even better clutch, so there is a very high quality of manufacture. Then we had to put our expertise into getting them made: F1 teams don't need to worry about mass manufacture.
“But if you want to know how is this different from a Chinese motor, then the really smooth super low friction front hub would be an excellent visible example of the knowledge and work that has gone into this.”
The torque and cadence sensors, which are in the crank, measure your effort to kick in the motorised support, and on my test ride around St Paul's Cathedral in London that motor kicked in quickly and smoothly to put a smile on my face as I raced away from traffic lights and breezed up inclines at a very healthy pace. Like all UK e-bikes, the Brompton Electric has a 15mph speed limiter.
Keeping it simple
Another mark of the bike is its simplicity of use. The engineers at Brompton put in the hours of thought so the rider doesn't have to.
The decision to put the 300Wh battery – which allows for a range of 25-50 miles – in a separate bag rather than on the frame not only keeps the essential Brompton fold intact, it also allows the battery to be charged away from the bike and for it to be removed when the bike is being carried to help spread weight (the two-speed bike weighs 13.4kg, the battery 2.8kg).
The battery bag itself clips on and off as easily as any Brompton bag, but that is the result of a great deal of work.
The Brompton Electric comes with a 1.5L standard bag
“The battery connection to the bike has to be permanently engaged,” explains Carley-Smith, “so our German partners developed a magnetic connector that can move on the bottom of the bag, meaning it can handle cobbles and potholes without disengaging. The cover over the connecter on the bike is not to keep it dry but to keep it clean: magnetic dirt is a thing, we discovered!”
Most users will never know the hours that went into developing a cover that can be flipped out of the way by the battery bag as it is fitted, but it's the sort of detail that delights and is absolutely consistent with the Brompton ethos. It will make your life easier, without you even realising it.
And designing a complex machine that is simple on the surface was essential in creating the Brompton Electric.
“One of the reasons it doesn't have a display with loads of functions on the handlebar is because simplicity was key from the off,” confirms Carleyadams. “But there is a Bluetooth module in there that will talk to your phone, and there will be an app so you can add all that functionality to the phone. But most of our customers want super clean, super simple.
“Initially we weren't even going to have three assistance modes, although I think we got the balance right with that. I think Bosch had 12 at one point.”
As for maintenance: “We have a diagnostic kit that works the same way as your car, so the bike shop will plug it in, swap out the parts the same day and away you go. They will then send the parts to us so we can work out what really went wrong. This is a tool for living, you can't take it out of action for three weeks.”
A larger 20L commuter bag lets you carry bigger objects
The investment in this technology is clearly significant, but Brompton CEO Will Butler-Adams is adamant it will prove worthwhile:
“My belief is that in 15 years time you'll have purists still riding regular bikes, but we're not selling bikes in cities to cyclists, we're selling them to urbanites as a useful tool to make life easier, give them freedom and make them happy. And this e-bike gives you the ability to get some exercise whizzing across your city, but does it in a way that gives you even more freedom to go further.
“We as a company are going to have to change a bit, because the speed at which this technology is moving, versus the speed bicycle technology has been moving, is going to be a lot faster. So we are going to have to innovate faster and faster.”
“We're unusual in being a bike company with technology as part of the company,” adds Carleysmith, “most others buy the technology in. Owning the tech means we get to dictate terms, but it also means we have to keep pace.”
Brompton Electric price and availability
The Brompton Electric is currently only available to pre-order for UK residents, excluding Northern Ireland. Once you've reserved your bike, you'll be able to choose your options and dealer to collect from when you're invited to make your final purchase. Prices range from £2,595 to £2,755.
The first bikes are due to be ready for delivery in the UK from early 2018 and then in "selected countries in Europe soon after". More info on Brompton's site.
Brompton Electric key specifications
Colours: Gloss black or Gloss white
Weight: 2-speed: 13.7kg (16.6kg total with battery); 6-speed: 14.4kg (17.3kg total with battery)
Weight: battery and small bag 2.9kg
Small bag (included): 1.5 litres
Large bag (optional accessory): 20 litres - additional £130
Standard charger (included): 2A charger (80% charge in 3-3.5 hours, 100% in 4-5 hours)
Fast charger (optional accessory): 4A charger (80% charge in 1.5-2 hours, 100% in 2.5-3 hours) - additional £115
Range: 25-50 miles / 40-80km (dependent on rider and environmental factors)
Battery weight: 2.2kg
Assistance modes: four (0-1-2-3)
Sensors: Contactless bottom bracket torque and cadence sensor
Motor type: Brushless DC front motor
Nominal output power: 250W
Cut-off speed: 15.5mph / 25kmh
Other electric folding bikes
This isn't the only folding ebike we've spent time with — the Tern Vektron really impressed us with its 'regular' Bosch motor and powerful disc brakes, but it was hard to swallow the 21.6kg weight and £3,000 price tag. Maybe a head-to-head is due in the coming months?
Laura Reynolds
See Inside Crossrail Stations, Two Years Before They Open
Aerial view of Woolwich station, January 2017.
Crossrail trains aren't due to start running on the Elizabeth line until the end of 2018, but we already know what the stations will look like. Images of work in progress (and completed) have been released.
Canary Wharf Crossrail station ticket hall.
Several of the 10 new stations within London are already having their interiors fitted.
Escalator being installed at Paddington station.
Some of the equipment is also ready to go.
Inside the plant room at Mile End shaft.
Three quarters of the track in the tunnels has already been laid.
Tunnels with completed tracks, and racks to carry cabling.
Ticket hall roof being installed at Liverpool Street.
Bird's-eye views of some of the stations have also been released, showing their stage of completion in January 2017. The new Tottenham Court Road ticket hall, beneath Centre Point, will provide access to the Central, Northern and Elizabeth lines:
Aerial view of Tottenham Court Road, January 2017
The diamond design of the Farringdon western ticket hall roof pays tribute to the nearby jewellery district of Hatton Garden...
Aerial view of Farringdon western ticket hall, January 2017
... while the eastern ticket hall provides an interchange with Barbican tube station:
Farringdon eastern ticket hall, January 2017.
Bond Street station will provide an interchange with the Central and Jubilee lines:
Bond Street station, January 2017
Canary Wharf's Crossrail Place shopping centre opened in 2015. Construction of the station, nearly 30 metres below the surface of the dock water, is now complete:
Canary Wharf station, January 2017.
Old Oak Common will be the main depot for the Elizabeth line, home to 66 new 200 metre long trains, each able to carry 1,500 people.
Old Oak Common depot, January 2017.
Paddington Crossrail station runs along the full length of the existing Paddington railway station:
The European Space Agency's ExoMars rover is due to launch toward the Red Planet in 2018. In this artist's view, note the ExoMars robotic arm and drill.
This story was updated at 3:45 p.m. EST.
The proposed 2013 federal budget unveiled by President Barack Obama today (Feb. 13) keeps NASA funding relatively flat next year, but bites deep into the agency's robotic Mars mission coffers while shifting new funds to human exploration and space technology.
According to the White House's 2013 budget request, NASA would receive about $17.7 billion for next year — $59 million less than the space agency got for 2012.
However, NASA's planetary science efforts would suffer a 20 percent cut next year, with the president allocating just $1.2 billion for unmanned missions to Mars and other solar system bodies. Meanwhile, funding for human exploration and commercial spaceflight would rise nearly 6 percent, to $3.93 billion, and space technology would get a 22 percent bump, to $699 million.
"We are having to make tough decisions, because these are tough economic times," NASA chief Charlie Bolden told reporters today. "We are doing all that we can to be fiscally responsible."
The reduction in planetary science funding compels NASA to drop out of the European Space Agency-led ExoMars missions, which aim to launch an orbiter and a drill-toting rover to the Red Planet in 2016 and 2018, respectively. NASA was due to provide rockets and various instrumentation for the two missions, but Bolden confirmed today that NASA will withdraw from both of them.
These two missions are viewed as key steps along the path toward a Mars sample-return mission, which many researchers regard as the best way to search for signs of life on the Red Planet.
"Underpinning this is not committing to a long-term Mars program ending in a multibillion-dollar sample-return mission," said space policy expert John Logsdon, professor emeritus at George Washington University in Washington, D.C. "They don't want to head down that road." [NASA's 10 Greatest Science Missions]
NASA's budget basics
The White House's proposed allocation for NASA in fiscal 2013 represents less than 0.5 percent of the overall federal budget request, which is $3.8 trillion.
Other NASA programs fare better than planetary science in the request for fiscal year 2013, which runs from Oct. 1, 2012, through Sept. 30, 2013. The space agency's Earth sciences program, for example, would receive $1.78 billion, slightly more than the president allocated in their fiscal 2012 budget request.
The White House also prioritizes space technology, as evidenced by the 22 percent increase requested in the 2013 budget proposal.
"The Administration's commitment to enhance NASA's role in aerospace technology development aims to create the innovations necessary to keep the aerospace industry — one of the largest net export industries in the United States — on the cutting edge for years to come," the White House wrote in a summary outlining the budget request.
Obama's proposal also allocates about $2.9 billion for NASA's next-generation manned transportation system, which consists of a heavy-lift rocket called the Space Launch System (SLS) and a capsule called the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle.
The SLS and Orion, which are designed to carry astronauts to destinations in deep space such as asteroids or Mars, received $3 billion in fiscal 2012. NASA hopes the combo is operational by 2021.
Commercial space transportation gets a vote of confidence in the 2013 budget request. The president slotted $830 million for NASA's Commercial Crew Development (CCDev) program, NASA's effort to encourage American private spaceflight companies to start ferrying astronauts to and from the International Space Station.
Since the space shuttle retired in July 2011, NASA has been completely dependent on Russian Soyuz vehicles to perform this taxi service. The agency wants several different private spaceships to be up and running by 2017 or so. [Top Private Spaceships Headed for Reality]
Last year, the White House allocated $850 million for CCDev activities in fiscal 2012, though Congress ended up granting only $406 million. Obama requested a total of $18.7 billion for NASA last year, but Congress eventually approved just $17.8 billion.
Artist's depiction of NASA's $8.8 billion James Webb Space Telescope, which is scheduled to launch in 2018. (Image: © ESA)
Next-gen telescope eats up NASA funds
NASA's planetary science funding is likely being slashed in part to help pay for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), a huge instrument that NASA bills as the successor to its Hubble Space Telescope.
JWST has suffered numerous cost overruns and delays over the years. Back in 2001, the National Academy of Sciences pegged the telescope's price tag at $1 billion. NASA's first official appraisal, performed in 2008, estimated a cost of $5 billion, with a launch coming in 2014.
The telescope is now slated to cost $8.8 billion, and to launch in 2018 at the earliest. The White House proposes giving JWST $628 million in fiscal 2013, compared to $519 million in the current year.
"Finishing Webb is being given a higher priority than starting or committing to new Mars missions," Logsdon told SPACE.com.
NASA officials stress that the agency is still committed to exploring Mars, both for scientific purposes and to enable future manned missions to the Red Planet. President Obama has directed NASA to get astronauts to Mars by the mid-2030s.
However, NASA has now decided to restructure its unmanned Mars strategy, to find cheaper, more efficient ways to meet these ends, Bolden said. The reassessment is a nod to the tough budget environment; it will likely be difficult to greenlight expensive flagship missions like the $2.5 billion Mars Science Laboratory — which is due to drop the 1-ton Curiosity rover onto the Red Planet's surface this August — anytime soon.
"We're talking about a fundamental change in the way we do business," Bolden said.
You can follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter: @michaeldwall. Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcomand on Facebook.
Daniel Libeskind (born May 12, 1946) is a Jewish Polish-American architect, artist, professor and set designer. Libeskind founded Studio Daniel Libeskind in 1989 with their wife, Nina, and is its principal design architect.[1] Their buildings include the Jewish Museum in Berlin, Germany, the extension to the Denver Art Museum in the United States, the Grand Canal Theatre in Dublin, the Imperial War Museum North in Greater Manchester, England, the Michael Lee-Chin Crystal at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, the Felix Nussbaum Haus in Osnabrück, Germany, the Danish Jewish Museum in Copenhagen, Denmark, and the Wohl Centre at the Bar-Ilan University in Ramat-Gan, Israel.[2] Their portfolio also includes several residential projects. Libeskind's work has been exhibited in major museums and galleries around the world, including the Museum of Modern Art, the Bauhaus Archives, the Art Institute of Chicago, and the Centre Pompidou.[3] On February 27, 2003, Libeskind won the competition to be the master plan architect for the reconstruction of the World Trade Center site in Lower Manhattan.[4]
Personal life [ edit ]
Born in Łódź, Poland, Libeskind was the second child of Dora and Nachman Libeskind, both Polish Jews and Holocaust survivors. As a young child, Libeskind learned to play the accordion and quickly became a virtuoso, performing on Polish television in 1953. They won a prestigious America Israel Cultural Foundation scholarship in 1959 and played alongside a young Itzhak Perlman.[5] Libeskind lived in Poland for 11 years and can still speak, read, and write the Polish language.[6]
In 1957, the Libeskinds moved to Kibbutz Gvat, Israel and then to Tel Aviv before moving to New York in 1959. In their autobiography, Breaking Ground: An Immigrant's Journey from Poland to Ground Zero, Libeskind spoke of how the kibbutz experience influenced their concern for green architecture.[7]
In the summer of 1959, the Libeskinds moved to New York City on one of the last immigrant boats to the United States. In New York, Libeskind lived in the Amalgamated Housing Cooperative in the northwest Bronx, a union-sponsored, middle-income cooperative development. They attended the Bronx High School of Science. The print shop where their father worked was on Stone Street in Lower Manhattan, and Libeskind watched the original World Trade Center being built in the 1960s.[8] Libeskind became a United States citizen in 1965.[9] Libeskind met Nina Lewis, their future wife and business partner, at the Bundist-run Camp Hemshekh in upstate New York in 1966. They married a few years later and, instead of a traditional honeymoon, traveled across the United States visiting Frank Lloyd Wright buildings on a Cooper Union fellowship.[10] Nina now serves as COO for Studio Daniel Libeskind.
In 1968, Libeskind briefly worked as an apprentice to architect Richard Meier. In 1970, they received their professional architectural degree from the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art; they received a postgraduate degree in History and Theory of Architecture at the School of Comparative Studies at the University of Essex in 1972. The same year, they were hired to work at Peter Eisenman's New York Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies, but they quit almost immediately.[11]  They are both a U.S. and Israeli citizen.[12]
Nina and Daniel Libeskind have three children: Lev, Noam, and Rachel.[13]
Career [ edit ]
Libeskind began their career as an architectural theorist and professor, holding positions at various institutions around the world. From 1978 to 1985, Libeskind was the Director of the Architecture Department at Cranbrook Academy of Art in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.[14] Their practical architectural career began in Milan in the late 1980s, where they submitted to architectural competitions and also founded and directed Architecture Intermundium, Institute for Architecture & Urbanism. Libeskind has lived, among other places, in New York City, Toronto, Michigan, Italy, Germany, and Los Angeles,[10] and has taught at numerous universities across the world, including the University of Kentucky, Yale University, and the University of Pennsylvania.[9] Since 2007, Libeskind has been a visiting professor at the Leuphana University Lüneburg in Lüneburg, Germany.
Libeskind completed their first building at the age of 52, with the opening of the Felix Nussbaum Haus in Osnabruck, Germany in 1998.[15] Prior to this, critics had dismissed their designs as "unbuildable or unduly assertive."[16] In 1987, Libeskind won their first design competition for housing in West Berlin, but the Berlin Wall fell shortly thereafter and the project was cancelled. Libeskind won the first four project competitions they entered including the Jewish Museum Berlin in 1989, which became the first museum dedicated to the Holocaust in WWII and opened to the public in 2001 with international acclaim.[17] This was their first major international success and was one of the first building modifications designed after reunification. A glass courtyard was designed by Libeskind and added in 2007. The Academy of the Jewish Museum Berlin also designed by Libeskind was completed in 2012.
Libeskind is perhaps most famous for being selected by the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation to oversee the rebuilding of the World Trade Center,[18] which was destroyed in the September 11, 2001 attacks. They titled their concept for the site Memory Foundations.
Studio Daniel Libeskind, headquartered two blocks south of the World Trade Center site in New York, is currently working on more than forty projects across the world. They have designed numerous cultural and commercial institutions, museums, concert halls, convention centers, universities, residences, hotels, and shopping centers. The studio's most recent completed projects include Haeundae Udong Hyunai I'Park in Busan, South Korea, Academy of the Jewish Museum Berlin in Berlin, Germany, modifications and additions to the Bundeswehr Military History Museum in Dresden, Germany and Reflections at Keppel Bay in Singapore.
In addition to their architectural projects, Libeskind has worked with a number of international design firms to develop objects, furniture, and industrial fixtures for interiors of buildings. They have been commissioned to work with design companies such as Fiam,[19] Artemide,[20] Jacuzzi,[21] TreP-Tre-Piu,[22] Oliviari,[23] Sawaya & Moroni,[24] Poltrona Frau,[25] Swarovski,[26] and others.[27]
Libeskind's design projects also include sculpture. Several sculptures built in the early 1990s were based on the explorations of their Micromegas and Chamberworks drawings series that they did in the late 1970s and early 1980s. The Polderland Garden of Love and Fire in Almere, Netherlands is a permanent installation completed in 1997 and restored on October 4, 2017.[28] Later in their career, Libeskind designed the Life Electric sculpture that was completed in 2015 on Lake Como, Italy. This sculpture is dedicated to the physicist Alessandro Volta.
Libeskind has designed opera sets for productions such as the Norwegian National Theatre's The Architect in 1998 and Saarländisches Staatstheater's Tristan und Isolde in 2001. They also designed the sets and costumes for Intolleranza by Luigi Nono and for a production of Messiaen's Saint Francis of Assisi by Deutsche Oper Berlin. They have also written free verse prose, included in their book Fishing from the Pavement.[29]
Criticism [ edit ]
While much of Libeskind's work has been well-received, it has also been the subject of often severe criticism.[30] Critics often describe Libeskind's work as deconstructivist.[31] Critics charge that it reflects a limited architectural vocabulary of jagged edges, sharp angles and tortured geometries,[32] that can fall into cliche, and that it ignores location and context.[33] In 2008 LA Times critic Christopher Hawthorne wrote: "Anyone looking for signs that Daniel Libeskind's work might deepen profoundly over time, or shift in some surprising direction, has mostly been doing so in vain."[34] In 2006, in the New York Times Nicolai Ouroussoff stated: "his worst buildings, like a 2002 war museum in England suggesting the shards of a fractured globe, can seem like a caricature of their own aesthetic."[32] In the UK magazine Building Design, Owen Hatherley wrote of Libeskind's students' union for London Metropolitan University: "All of its vaulting, aggressive gestures were designed to 'put London Met on the map', and to give an image of fearless modernity with, however, little of consequence."[35] William JR Curtis in Architectural Review called their Run Run Shaw Creative Media Centre "a pile-up of Libeskindian clichés without sense, form or meaning" and wrote that their Hyundai Development Corporation Headquarters delivered "a trite and noisy corporate message".[33]
In response, Libeskind says they ignore critics: "How can I read them? I have more important things to read."[36]
Work [ edit ]
The following projects are listed on the Studio Libeskind website. The first date is the competition, commission, or first presentation date. The second is the completion date or the estimated date of completion.
Completed [ edit ]
London Metropolitan University, London, 2004
Under construction [ edit ]
Proposed or in design [ edit ]
Libeskind design products [ edit ]
2007 Royal Ontario Museum Spirit House Chair, Nienkamper, Toronto, Canada
2009 Tea Set, Sawaya & Moroni
2009 Denver Door Handle, Olivari
2011 eL Masterpiece, Zumtobel Group, Sawaya & Moroni
2012 Torq Armchair and Table, Sawaya & Moroni
2012 Zohar Street Lamp, Zumtobel Group
2012 The Idea Door 1 & 2, TRE-Più
2013 The Wing Mirror, Fiam
2013 Flow, Jacuzzi
2013 Paragon Lamp, Artemide
2013 Nina Door Handle, Olivari
2014 Ice Glass Installation[43]
Recognition [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Daniel Libeskind: Countersign (1992) (ISBN 0-8478-1478-5)
(1992) (ISBN 0-8478-1478-5) Daniel Libeskind Radix-Matrix (1997) ( ISBN 3-7913-1727-X)
(1997) ( ISBN 3-7913-1727-X) Jewish Museum Berlin (with Helene Binet) (1999) ( ISBN 90-5701-252-9)
(with Helene Binet) (1999) ( ISBN 90-5701-252-9) Daniel Libeskind (2001) ( ISBN 0-7893-0496-1)
(2001) ( ISBN 0-7893-0496-1) Breaking Ground (2004) ( ISBN 1-57322-292-5)
(2004) ( ISBN 1-57322-292-5) Counterpoint (2008) ( ISBN 1-58093-206-1)
There are now so many federal criminal statutes, and prosecutors can so broadly interpreted them, that anybody can be accused of anything at any time. Like losing fish.
These days, calls for criminal justice reform are the loudest on the political right. Corrections reform has advanced rapidly in conservative states like Texas and Georgia; Republicans like Mike Lee and Rand Paul are vocal advocates for reforming mandatory minimum sentencing; and Koch Industries is involved in a major project to improve indigent defense.
There are many reasons conservatives are engaging so deeply with criminal justice. One notable reason is that they tend to notice creeping “overcriminalization,” causing them to reflect more broadly upon the entire justice system.
Overcriminalization refers to the increasing use of criminal law to punish thousands of ordinary activities that traditionally have not been considered crimes. It is indicative of dysfunction in the way we use criminal law, and it is particularly harmful for individuals and small businesses that often cannot afford elite lawyers to help them navigate onerous legal proceedings.
The Case of the ‘Missing' Three Fish
Consider the case of John Yates of Holmes Beach, Florida. In 2007, a state law enforcement officer boarded Yates's ship in the Gulf of Mexico to inspect their catch of more than 3,000 fish. The officer accused Yates of catching 72 undersized red groupers and ordered them to bring the ship ashore, where he—along with several federal agents carrying weapons—counted only 69 groupers. Yates was accused of disposing of evidence by throwing fish overboard. Yates believes the fish were incorrectly counted, but even if the officer was correct, what happened next was bizarre.
A federal prosecutor charged Yates with violating the ‘anti-document-shredding' provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for allegedly tossing three fish.
A federal prosecutor charged Yates with violating the “anti-document-shredding” provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act passed in the wake of the Enron accounting scandal. The prosecutor argued that the statute prohibits the destruction of tangible evidence, and because 69 rather 72 groupers were counted upon re-inspection, Yates had likely run afoul of the law. The anti-shredding violation is punishable by up to 20 years in prison.
An appeals court upheld Yates's conviction, but on Wednesday, the Supreme Court reviewed the case. Yates argued that the prosecutor is presenting a fanciful reading of Sarbanes-Oxley, one that a reasonable person could not anticipate.
A Surprise, But Welcome, Supreme Court Pick
Court-watchers were surprised that the justices accepted the case out of approximately 10,000 petitions for certiorari. The court, however, seems increasingly concerned about prosecutorial excesses. Last year, it unanimously decided against the government in United States v. Bond, a case in which a jealous wife tried to give their husband's lover a skin rash using household chemicals they had purchased on Amazon.com. Remarkably, a federal prosecutor charged the wife with violating an international chemical weapons agreement.
Americans have been threatened with prosecution—and in some cases served prison time—for importing lobsters in the wrong container, mislabeling paperwork on orchids, and helping injured animals.
One interesting issue the court may consider in U.S. v. Yates is the Rule of Lenity. This canon of statutory construction advises that when there are two reasonable readings of a criminal statute, the statute should be interpreted in the manner most lenient to the defendant. The rule forces the burden of precise drafting on legislators, and it discourages convictions unless individuals have fair notice of the law. In an 1820 opinion, John Marshall described it as an “ancient maxim.”
Yates's case should be an obvious one for the application of lenity. The lower court could have used the rule to determine whether groupers constituted “tangible things” in the sense implied by Sarbanes-Oxley's anti-document shredding provision. It did not. For those who follow trends in criminal law, this disregard is unsurprising. Justice Antonin Scalia, a staunch defender of the rule, has fumed that “[i]f lenity has no role to play in clear case[s]…we ought to stop pretending it is a genuine part of our jurisprudence.”
The events in Yates's case add up to a consummate story of overcriminalization—but it is not the only story. There are now so many federal criminal statutes (almost 5,000), and prosecutors can so broadly interpret them, that anybody can be accused of anything at any time. Americans have been threatened with prosecution—and in some cases served prison time—for importing lobsters in the wrong container, mislabeling paperwork on orchids, and helping injured animals.
Dysfunctions like this in American criminal justice cost taxpayers an extraordinary amount of money, expand the size and power of government, often ignore the needs of real crime victims, and fail to prioritize actual public safety needs. Prosecutors undoubtedly perform a valuable service for Americans, but they can become overzealous—and thus counterproductive—like anybody else. Yates's case is emblematic of a profession that is going a bit overboard. With any luck, the Supreme Court will reel them back in.
Photo credit: Kelvin Xu Jun | Dreamstime.com
Tensions between the entire world and North Korea have been tenacious at best, while North Korea continues to provocatively launch missiles into the waters around their coastline.
Not only has North Korea launched countless missile tests going against every sanction the United Nations can put forth, but also has made outlandish threats at several nations including the United States.
The tensions have never been higher than Kim Jong-un and the American Government continue to exchange heated rhetoric, with the most recent death of the now infamous prisoner of war Otto Warmbier making global headlines.
During a televised White House meeting with Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko, President Trump criticized the way Warmbier's case was handled. The American people are fully aware that a Otto was in large ignored by the Obama Administration after being taken captive by North Korea. Many feel it's in part due to them being a white male.
In the year since their arrest, President Obama made no efforts to reclaim the US Citizen from North Korea. In fact they tried to shift blame at the now grieving parents stating they should have never allowed their son to go. A disgusting display of why Obama is despised by so many.
"What happened to Otto is a disgrace. And I spoke with their family. Their family is incredible, but they should have been brought home a long time ago," Trump said in reference to Obama's failures.
President Trump had extreme difficulty in making statements in regards towards China, in which he'd hoped that China would be able to exert influence over North Korea, leaning heavily on Chinese President Xi Jinping for their assistance.
Earlier in April the two leaders had a high-profile summit in Florida together which some consider to be brilliant to ascertain healthy relations between the two economic and military superpowers. President Trump has frequently praised Xi while resisting criticizing Chinese trade practices.
On Twitter, President Trump tweeted, "While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!"
It is certain now that President Trump is taking the options of peaceful negotiations off the table with the madman of North Korea, as such tactics have seemed to fail thus far. North Korea has continued to threaten the world with their hostilities and defiance continuing to risk the safety of the region via missile tests.
Very soon it seems judgement will be coming to Pyongyang, and most likely it will be at the hands of Lady Liberty and their unwavering scales of truth and justice.
Source
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-northkorea-trump-meeting-idUSKBN19B2RR
Click Here To Receive Our Money Making Watch List & Video Lessons To Become A Money Making Trader
Why do we need to Trade Using Multiple Time frames?
To improve the efficiency of our trading strategy. We see the major Trend using a higher time frame than what we intend to use & a lower Time frame to enter a trade.
Say we want to trade using the Daily Charts. We take the Weekly charts to see the major trend. Suppose it's an uptrend in a Weekly chart. We will tend to trade only long positions. We will use entries in the daily charts to enter long positions only. When sell signals are generated we will just exit our long positions. I.e. we don't short sell.
Suppose it's a downtrend in a Weekly chart. We will tend to trade only short positions. We will use a entry in the daily charts to enter short positions only. When buy signals are generated we will just exit our short positions. I.e. we don't enter long positions.
Now that we are using two time frames. Now coming to timing the entry of trades or adding additional positions. (Pyramiding) We can further use a Hourly chart to time our entries. Suppose the weekly & daily charts are in a uptrend. We will enter a long position or an additional long position when a hourly chart gives us a buy signal. Suppose the weekly & daily charts are in a downtrend. We will enter a short position or an additional short position when a hourly chart gives us a sell signal. This time frame would not be used to exit the trades. It's solely to improve the timing for entry. For exits we would use the signals generated in the daily charts.
Using multiple time frames to trade
We take three charts of the same security. First is the weekly chart. Next chart is the daily chart. Third chart is the hourly chart.
We will now use the daily chart to trade. We check the weekly chart for the weekly trend. Lest assume the weekly trend is up. So based on this information we will just trade long positions in the daily chart.
We look for a buy opportunity in the daily chart or we can see the hourly chart to enter a long position.
Now for entering additional positions we use buy opportunities in the hourly chart. We would exit based on the daily chart only, because we were trading based on the daily chart.
Similarly we can trade short where weekly charts are in a downtrend and daily chart generates sell opportunity. Additional positions are entered whenever sell opportunities are generated on the hourly charts.
For Day trading we can use the Hourly, 15 Min. and 5 Min. charts here we trade the 15 Min. chart. Or we can use 15 Min., 5 Mins and 3 Mins charts here we trade the 5 Mins chart.
Click Here To receive Our Informative Articles & Information
Good Luck and Happy Trading.
How do you film a scene involving hundreds of warriors on horseback on one side, an army on the other, and a dragon in the air raining fire down on the battlefield? With a lot of preparation, a great deal of expertise, and a fantastic visual effects team.
Warning—spoilers for Game of Thrones season seven ahead.
In episode four of the seventh season of Game of Thrones, a Dothraki horde, Daenerys Targaryen, and their dragon Drogon attack a Lannister force, beginning a sequence that sees several major characters narrowly avoid their doom, and a lot of not so lucky extras burned to death.
Visual effects company Iloura, which was involved in season six's “Battle of the Bastards”, returned to the show this year to help out with the “Loot train” scene.
“There were quite a few similar technical challenges to Battle of the Bastards—large crowds, lots of horses and incidental effects, but there were quite a few differences too—the Dothraki fighting style adds a layer of complexity, especially with their trick riding which required a lot of key-framed animation to match the live stunt performers,” says Iloura VFX Supervisor Josh Simmonds.
“Probably the main difference is the huge amount of Pyro FX to contend with—both practical and CGI elements that needed to sit comfortably together, and of course Drogon's explosive dragon fire. Also, “Spoils of War” was a larger sequence for us—the shot count was around 200 compared to 140 on “Battle of the Bastards,” they add.
Iloura had around 100 crew working on the sequence for around seven or eight months. This is a similar level of resources used on feature work, according to Simmonds. The scale of the work undertaken by Iloura can be seen in the video below.
Game of Thrones “The Spoils of War” breakdown (Season 7, Episode 4) from Iloura on Vimeo.
One of the trickier parts of the work was making digital doubles of the Dothraki riders. Conventionally, the doubles are used to make an army look bigger, but they're in the back of the shot. In this case, they had to be more apparent.
“There were a couple of shots where they were front and center, which leaves very little to hide behind. It also requires amazing artists across all disciplines to really nail it, and the team really rose to the occasion,” says Simmonds.
“We also had some seriously amazing practical explosions from the on-set pyro team which we had to match—one strafing shot in particular had our CGI explosions sitting right next to filmed elements.”
Iloura isn't involved in the effects that bring the dragon Drogon to life—he's animated by Image Engine – but the team still worked on the dragon fire and lighting the airborne beast in their shots. Although the dragon didn't present too many problems for Iloura, Simmonds jokes that they suspect the catering requirements on set for fully grown dragons are perhaps “much more onerous than for horses.”
Game of Thrones has redefined the scale, budget, and ambition of TV productions. The show pushes the boundaries of the format in visual effects as much as any other. “I think the level of production value across all facets of the show are incredible, and obviously its popularity allows HBO to push things further with every season,” says Simmonds. “I think Joe Bauer and Steve Kullback (VFX supervisor and VFX producer) have been instrumental in defining what's possible for VFX in the TV realm, and their understanding of the entire production process is evident in the quality of footage, on-set data and extensive practical elements we receive to work with.”
Amanda Staveley has met Newcastle United officials and has opened lines of communication for further talks to take place regarding a potential takeover.
Staveley met the man appointed by owner Mike Ashley to find a buyer, Justin Barnes, earlier this week and, following an initial meeting in the St James' Park boardroom, is keen to hold more discussions in the coming days.
The financier, with strong links to billionaires in the Middle East, has also spoken to managing director Lee Charnley, as well as Ashley's public relations advisor Keith Bishop, as they weigh up whether to launch a serious attempt to buy the club.
The talks are at an embryonic stage, but things have progressed since Sunday, when the former girlfriend of Prince Andrew was pictured sitting in the director's box during Newcastle's 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
Staveley, who was a guest of someone connected to Newcastle rather than Liverpool, as previously reported, is also understood to have met manager Rafa Benítez. At this stage, their interest can be best described as tentative, although Newcastle supporters are already hoping this is the first step towards Ashley's departure.
The time for choosing is fast approaching for Theresa May. Soon they must make a decision that will define their premiership and their country's future. The past few days have shown how hard, if not impossible, it will be for them to keep their entire cabinet on board with whatever EU deal they sign. It is imperative that they now pick what kind of Brexit they want. But doing so will risk alienating — or even losing — various cabinet members. They have been trying to blur the lines for months, but as one of those closely involved in this drama warns: ‘She can't fudge this forever.' Another participant in the struggle says: ‘She's got to decide who they want sitting round the cabinet table.'
Mrs May had planned to reveal the next part of their Brexit plan in their speech in Florence, but the political tussle started long before they left for Italy. We have seen the Foreign Secretary defying their boss, then being attacked by the Home Secretary, while Brexiteer cabinet ministers were forced to deny that they had agreed to resign en masse. Yet these are merely the opening skirmishes in the latest battle of the Tories' 50-odd-year civil war over Europe. The Brexit referendum did not settle this question; it just redefined it. This battle now threatens to be the bloodiest.
The cabinet is split between those who want to stay as close as possible to the EU single market, copying regulations and transposing European Court judgments where necessary, and those who want to chart a more independent course and go for a free-trade agreement with the EU based on the one recently struck by Canada. A basic (and reasonable) question hangs in the air: what does Britain want? Yet the government has managed three rounds of Brexit talks with the EU without saying which is its preferred option.
This is not a clever negotiating tactic borne out of a desire to keep Brussels guessing. Rather, it is a consequence of the government not knowing the answer. It might seem remarkable, incredible even, that more than a year after the referendum and almost six months after Article 50 was triggered, the cabinet cannot agree. But it is true. Barely a week ago a ministerial meeting about the Florence speech broke up without agreement because Michael Gove had concerns about the ‘end state' that it indicated. No one in the cabinet disputes that Britain must leave the EU single market. Free movement of people — the price of single market membership — is out of the question after the Brexit vote. But a close second to single market membership is being proposed. This would involve Britain ending free movement, but doing everything else it can to stay in regulatory alignment with the EU's internal market: what one cabinet minister calls EEA-minus (meaning European Economic Area). Britain would have something close to internal market membership on condition that it would not diverge from the EU on an issue without prior agreement.
To Brexiteers inside government, this removes one of the main points of leaving: the chance to chart a different course on issues such as the economy and technological and medical research. One laments: ‘They'll have us over a barrel for ever more. It is the opposite of taking back control.' Critics complain that this plan ‘is coming from a place of trying to keep everything the same as far as possible'. They fear Brexit might not mean Brexit after all.
But the EEA-minus crowd — led by Chancellor Philip Hammond and Cabinet Secretary Jeremy Heywood (one thing that Brexit should explode is the myth that the civil service are impartial actors) — are the ones with their tails up. Talking to keen Brexiteers in the past few days I have sensed an immense nervousness about where things are going. There is a general feeling that they are being successfully cast as zealots and are losing the internal argument. By contrast, the cabinet ministers pushing for EEA-minus (who voted Remain) are upbeat. One predicts: ‘That's where we'll end up. Not in but very close.' They believe that civil servant Olly Robbins's move from the Brexit department to No. 10 should help secure that shift. One senior Brexit department figure tells me: ‘Olly Robbins and Treasury civil servants are in favour of EEA-lite'. That's why those pushing for this course are so delighted that Robbins is working for May. They believe their presence, and their close relationship with the Prime Minister (they worked together at the Home Office), will help steer them down this path.
The EEA-minus crowd hope that the Florence speech will advance their agenda. One says this is a ‘crunch week'. They believe that if Boris Johnson goes to Florence ‘he's dipped their hand in the blood' and it will be impossible for them to resign over Brexit — at least with any credibility. But those close to the Foreign Secretary believes that their very public intervention against EEA-minus, in the form of their 4,000-word article for the Daily Telegraph a week ago, will have helped constrain the Prime Minister. Their declaration that Britain should not pay for access to the single market and should enjoy ‘regulatory freedom' after Brexit, is seen by their allies as making it ‘harder for him… but it also makes it harder for them to go as far as Hammond wants'.
Boris had become fed up at being cut out of the picture: not invited to key meetings and not allowed to use their talents properly. The last straw was what one source close to them describes as a ‘sneak attack' while they were out of the country earlier this month. On Monday 11 September, No. 10 emailed various cabinet ministers asking them to hold a time two days later for a meeting with the Prime Minister without saying what the meeting was about. The Foreign Office said Boris would not attend, as they would be in the Caribbean inspecting hurricane damage. Then No.10 said the meeting was about Brexit. But still no indication was given about its crucial importance.
Michael Gove was invited. But, as No.10 would have known, they are much more relaxed about the terms of transition than the Foreign Secretary. Unlike Boris, he's been comfortable for a while about making member-state-sized budget contributions to the EU during this period. Why? Because they are sceptical of the civil service's ability to get the bureaucracy ready for leaving in March 2019, and so doesn't regard a two-year transition as a particularly bad thing.
To Boris, the cash matters. They were furious when they were briefed on the plans for the Florence speech, as they remain determined to honour their pledge to ‘take back control' of £350 million a week. If the UK pays into the EU as normal during any transition, there will be no extra cash available for the NHS, or any other public service. This would severely hamper any Johnson leadership bid when May steps down. Their opponents would say: we've left the EU, Boris, where's the money?
This is a particularly sensitive point for Boris because ever since the referendum their internal critics have been warning Tory MPs that the £350 million line is the equivalent of Nick Clegg's tuition fees pledge: an unforgivable act of perfidy in the eyes of the public. As one of those who will be involved in any Johnson leadership bid says: ‘He needs to detoxify themselves with that money.' When Boris was told they couldn't deliver a speech ahead of May's visit to Florence, they went public — and repeated the £350 million figure. They pointedly made no reference to transition, and suggested that the money the UK sends to the EU would come back straight after Brexit.
In recent days, they have calmed down. I'm told they could ‘live with the transition' but as long as the Prime Minister makes clear that it will be followed by ‘a complete, clean break' with the EU. On this point, Gove agrees.  They are concerned about any system in which the UK would have to keep mirroring the single market in the entire economy rather than just being EU-export compliant.
One friend of Gove's says that the role of the European Court of Justice is crucial. May has previously said they will not accept its writ. But what Gove worries about is the UK being bound by the ECJ indirectly, and forced to copy its judgments in some way. ECJ rulings are not always in this country's best interests, as Marina Wheeler explains on page 14.
If opposition to some kind of EEA-minus deal is the hill on which Boris chooses to fight, others will back him. One minister stresses that if May goes down that route it would be ‘very danger-ous for her'. To date, they have been supported by the 80-odd Tory MPs who are belonged to the European Research Group, which campaigns for a clean Brexit. But they would turn on them if it looked as if Britain would be made to march in lockstep with the EU's regulatory framework.
May has three problems.  They are sincere in their desire for a deal that respects the referendum result, so a lot of energy will be focused on trying to persuade them that an EEA-minus deal fulfils this function. Its advocates argue that it does so because free movement would end. Dissenters say — with some justification — that it does not, because this country would not be ‘taking back control' in any meaningful sense.
The next issue is whether the UK could walk away without a deal. May famously said that ‘no deal is better than a bad deal'. But there is growing concern in government that preparations for ‘no deal' are so inadequate that the UK couldn't actually do that. I understand that civil servants in David Davis's Department for Exiting the European Union have taken to writing emails setting out the problems, chiefly to ensure that their backs are covered should any Chilcot-style inquiry look into what went wrong. The chances of ‘no deal' may be as low as one in five. But even that should demand a level of preparation that is simply not happening.
Some even suspect that Sir Jeremy Heywood is relaxed about the lack of planning for a ‘no deal' scenario because they think this means the government won't walk away without one. One Tory Eurosceptic complains: ‘We prepared for the millennium bug, we stockpile vaccines for bird flu and all sorts of epidemics. So, why aren't we preparing for “no deal”?' It is a good question and makes you wonder whether it is incompetence, complacency — or a more cynical desire to rule out this option out by stealth.
Then we come to the third issue: one that the British Brexit debate too often forgets: there is another side in this negotiation. Even if May is persuaded to hug Europe close, the EU may have other ideas. One figure who has the ear of Davis at the Department for Exiting the European Union says: ‘EEA-lite is a non-starter as the EU won't accept it without free movement', which the referendum took off the table. If this is the case, it will render much of the governmental discussion of the past few weeks irrelevant.
Europe has destroyed the past three Tory prime ministers. After the referendum, one figure turfed out with David Cameron said that at least it would stop the Conservatives banging on about Europe. Instead, the fight is intensifying as the endgame approaches. Whatever deal May agrees will be a compromise, both within their own party and with the EU itself. To the Remainers, the deal won't be as good as membership, while the Brexiteers will have to admit that the new arrangement does not take back as much control as they would like. So, the 50-year Tory civil war over Europe continues.
The battleground will be how much Britain should diverge from the EU and chart its own course in the world. This might not turn into the Tories' own Hundred Years' War. But it would be no surprise if it did for another three Tory prime ministers before it is finally over and done with.
322 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Tumblr
Major news broke last week when the merger between Global Force Wrestling (GFW) and IMPACT Wrestling was announced.
Jeff Jarrett joined Anthem Wrestling Exhibitions as a member of its board of managers, equity owner and Chief Creative Officer. Furthermore, Anthem Wrestling Exhibitions acquired the GFW Amped Anthology catalog.
Amped Anthology will air as a 4-part tournament style One Night Only Pay-Per-View series for IMPACT Wrestling, starting on August 11th.
Fans can expect a full-throttle, action-packed wrestling show from start to finish, as some of the biggest names in professional wrestling compete inside the six-sided ring from the Orleans Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.
In ‘Part I' we will see international stars in action like Sanada, PJ Black, Nick Aldis, Kushida, The Bollywood Boys, and Sonjay Dutt. Up and comers Kevin Kross, Kongo Kong, and Virgil Flynn also bring their unique and physical styles to the ring. Superstars on the first card include Mickie James, Bobby Roode, Brian Myers and Chris “The Adonis” Mordetzky.
Calling the action is legendary MMA fighter and podcast mogul Chael Sonnen and international ring announcer Cyrus Fees.
As co-founder of GFW, Karen Jarrett says, “We can't wait for everyone to see the Amped Anthology Series. The names alone are worth the price of the Pay-Per-View.”
When we last left the Toronto District School Board (TDSB), they were defending their decision to permit sexually segregated Muslim Friday prayers in a public-school cafeteria—such prayers (and segregation) being in violation of provincial law, board policy, and (some argue) Canada's flimsy excuse for a constitution.
The resulting uproar prompted mischief-makers to scour the TDSB website for more controversy fodder.
One particular downloadable document has now attracted considerable scorn.
Entitled Teaching about Human Rights: 9/11 and Beyond—A Resource Package for Educators Grades 7-12, this turgid tome could more profitably be called Only White People Are Racist.
(Not surprisingly, all the authors are female, except for a fellow who styles themselves “gulzar raisa charania”—capital letters presumably being a patriarchal construct.)
“9/11 and Beyond teaches children to loathe an imaginary past, fear an upside-down version of the present, and prepare for a future that will never arrive.”
The paragraph which has since garnered the most attention appears under “Working Definitions”:
Racism: While people in different contexts can experience prejudice or discrimination, racism, in a North American context, is based on an ideology of the superiority of the white race over other racial groups. Racism is evident in individual acts, such as racial slurs, jokes, etc., and institutionally, in terms of policies and practices at institutional levels of society. The result of institutional racism is that it maintains white privilege and power (such as racial profiling, hiring practices, history, and literature that centre on Western, European civilizations to the exclusion of other civilizations and communities).
Perhaps the publishers of Ying Ma's new memoir Chinese Girl in the Ghetto can send a copy to everyone at the TDSB. When their family immigrated to California from China, Ying says they endured vicious racist attacks—perpetrated by their black and Hispanic classmates against Asian students.
According to the Toronto District School Board, such experiences are, by definition, impossible. On page after page of 9/11 and Beyond, Muslims are the ones held up as prejudice's primary victims, all at the hands of those privileged and powerful “institutionally racist” whites (although the internment of Japanese-Canadians during World War II does receive a quick, guilty—and ominous—nod).
Readers of this document a century hence will conclude that immediately after 9/11, Canada devolved into a dystopia of mass Muslim exterminations:
All the major studios are having conference calls and meetings with their investors this week to talk about the upcoming fourth quarter of the fiscal year. Disney downplayed the expectations of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story a bit; Netflix talked about eventually having 50% of their library made up of original programming, and now Paramount Pictures has delivered some troubling but unsurprising news about one of their upcoming projects.
The family friendly action adventure movie Monster Trucks is projected to lose Paramount Pictures around $115 million. The movie doesn't even hit theaters until January 13, 2017 and the studio is already expecting it to hit the box office below initial expectations. Find out more about Monster Trucks box office predictions after the jump.
The projected stumbling of Monster Trucks should come as no surprise since Paramount Pictures has delayed the film over a year already. The project was initially set for release on May 29, 2015; then it ended up getting pushed back to December 25, 2015. Then it was pushed back another year for release this coming January, a month that is usually a dumping ground for bad comedy and horror release and the movies Hollywood doesn't know what to do with.
The concept behind Monster Trucks is an interesting one as it follows a couple of older teens (Lucas Till and Jane Levy) who stumble upon some kind of alien creature with the ability to hide inside and control automobiles. More specifically, the creature ends up getting comfortable inside of some heavy-duty trucks. Of course, the government (led by Holt McCallany) ends up in pursuit, as they always do, and the kids and the creature end up on the run, getting a little help from Danny Glover along the way. The rest of the cast includes Barry Pepper, Amy Ryan, and Rob Lowe.
That movie sounds like an idea that could have easily been used to create a blockbuster that hits with a variety of audiences, but The Hollywood Reporter says the film ended up being more like a kids movie. Admittedly, there's something fascinating about a high concept film like this being geared more specifically towards children, something that usually doesn't happen nowadays, but Monster Trucks just doesn't look appealing to me whatsoever.
Honestly, I'm not sure if the movie looks appealing to the kids who Paramount hopes will drag their parents to. I've seen this trailer several times in theaters, and in one instance, a child around the age of 10 whispered to their parents, “That looks dumb.” It sounds like Paramount has an uphill battle to get kids on board, and this might be one instance when the movie could have benefited from some kind of brand recognition with a toy from Hasbro or something like that.
This article will be the first in an ongoing investigation into the possible expansion teams in the MLS. Raleigh City Sports' own Moneybags Smythe will visit each of the top sites and report back. In the meantime they will continue their weekly gambling blog because they are a degenerate.
On December 15th MLS Commissioner Don Garber laid the path for future MLS expansion to 28 teams, shortlisting 10 possible cities for team slots 25-28. The Triangle area made the shortlist, and now NCFC owner Steve Malik must submit a detailed proposal by January 31st for expansion consideration. Here's a quick review of how the league has expanded, and how Raleigh might land one of the coveted new expansion team spots.
MLS Recent Expansion
MLS is currently a 20-team league: in 2017 they will add Arthur Blank's Atlanta FC and Minnesota United FC to get to 22. The following year, Los Angeles FC will become LA's second club (Chivas USA closed shop in 2014). In 2014 it was also announced that the 24th franchise would be in Miami, based on a sweetheart clause the MLS used to lure David Beckham to the MLS in 2007 allowing the Englishman to buy an expansion franchise for $25M in the future. Beckham picked out Miami and purchased/rezoned a large area of land near Marlins Park for the venture, but to date there is still no stadium plan. Due to the uncertain stadium timeline and the fact that a MLS franchise (Miami Fusion) previously folded in the city, there is some doubt that Beckham FC will kick a ball in the near future.
For teams 25-28, two teams will be selected in 3Q 2017 to begin the 2020 season, while two more will be selected sometime in the future. The shortlist of cities for expansion has been determined by MLS , they are:
Charlotte
Cincinnati
Detroit
Nashville
Raleigh/Durham
Sacramento
St. Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
Tampa/ St. Petersburg
Expansion Selection Criteria
Garber has stated the criteria for expansion teams 25 and 26 as the following:
Expansion fee of $150M paid to MLS (for comparison, in 2007 Toronto FC joined the league with a $9.8M expansion fee).
Team must play in a soccer-specific stadium, seating around 20K+.
Must have a committed, local ownership group.
Must play in a market/geography with long history of soccer support.
Assuming each expansion team can shell out the $150M, in the below table I grade each city on the other criteria to infer their expansion likelihood.
MLS EXPANSION CITY GRADING TABLE
Stadium Ownership Market Final Grade Charlotte C F C D+ Cincinnati D A A B+ Detroit B A B A- Nashville C- C+ C C Raleigh/Durham D B A- C+ Sacramento A A A A St. Louis D- A C C- San Antonio C- A A- B San Diego F D C D- Tampa/ St. Pete B+ F C D
Nahhhhhhhhhhhh
10th: San Diego
San Diego has been considered as a top expansion target since the league's inception, but in a city with such an uninspiring pro sports history a lot of cards would have to fall in place. The Chargers have to leave town, then Qualcomm stadium needs to be demolished, and in its place a soccer stadium needs to rise. For a city that took a long time to build Petco Park, and never improved a crappy football stadium, I give this a zero percent chance of happening.
9th: Tampa
The Tampa Bay Rowdies were founded in 2008 after an original MLS franchise, the Tampa Bay Mutiny, closed down in 2001. They don't have a big name ownership group and geographically Florida has consistently struggled in the MLS. Plus the addition of Tampa would make it three Florida teams in the league. The only reason they aren't in 10th is they have a cool plan for renovating Al Lang stadium (designed by my favorite stadium architect, Populous) and the owners have committed to privately financing it.
8th: Charlotte
Charlotte has always been second-fiddle in terms of North Carolina soccer, and unless their proposal names a bigtime ownership/investor group (which currently doesn't exist) I see their plans fizzling. The one thing they have on Raleigh is a stadium plan: with a relatively low-cost renovation of Memorial Stadium that already has a mix of public/private financing in place.
Maybe
7th: St. Louis
With an ownership group that includes part-owners of the St. Louis Blues, Boston Celtics, AS Roma and Cleveland Indians (oh, and Anheuser-Busch), St. Louis has long been seen as a front-runner for expansion, given a good geographic location for MLS and good history in lower-league soccer. However, their prospects have been dealt a major blow in the past month by Missouri's Gov. Greitens, who has completely ruled out the possibility of public financing of any kind for a stadium. The ownership strategy currently relies on $80M from the city to pull off a pretty cool master plan. If the financing riddle is solved, they will shoot up to 3rd in these power rankings.
6th: Nashville
Nashville is one of the fastest growing US cities, has done well with national team and recent Gold Cup matches, and apparently has a good soccer fanbase. From Chatanooga to University of Vanderbilt, Tennessee has an appetite for soccer, and lead investor John Ingram is also on the Board of Trustees at Vandy. There is currently a bill in the state legislature for a public financing component involving a sales tax stream of revenue (this is, in my opinion, the best way to partially finance stadiums), and if this bill passes Nashville could legitimately be a contender.
5th: Raleigh
Ever since Steve Malik bought the Railhawks a little over a year ago and rebranded them as NCFC, an immediate push to join the MLS has been apparent. I love the energy and immediacy this owner has brought, which has caused them to jump way up the queue in terms of probability. Raleigh/ Durham has always been a good location for soccer- the club level and colleges have always been strong, and the Railhawks have a nice attendance record. The problem is that there is not a good stadium plan….yet. WakeMed in Cary may be a solution for a first season while a stadium is being built, but MLS is not going to consider it permanently, as they are looking to take advantage of downtown urban development locations. Along with Mike's anticipated list I would add North Hills off St. Albans and Wake Forest Rd. as my personal favorite potential destination. Wherever the future location, Malik has already committed to financing out-of-pocket, with the city only kicking in for the public infrastructure component (roads and parking). I love this owner!
4th: San Antonio
Not a lot of chatter here, but you'd be wise to remember the Alamo City. San Antonio is now the nation's seventh largest city and could also draw the Austin crowd that's just an hour or two north. Spur Sports & Entertainment just landed a deal that starts a USL franchise in the city with a goal of being in the MLS within the next six years, and if they fail to achieve this goal there are significant financial penalties paid to the city and local Bexar County. Signing onto these kinds of guarantees makes it real. I see San Antonio likely being Team 27 or 28.
Front-Runners
3rd: Cincinnati
Cincinnati only just got a USL team a year ago, but during that year have smashed all USL attendance records, averaging 24,376 fans per game. It really seems the Commissioner is dying to put a team in Cincy as they have visited there many times in the past year, but they have also indicated that their current Nippert Stadium is not up to MLS standard, so it sounds like a new stadium might be necessary. Cincy would have an instant rival in the Columbus Crew, 200 miles away. If they can figure out a stadium plan they are likely to land an expansion.
2nd: Detroit
Before writing this article, I gave Detroit little thought in getting a team as the city seems a total financial basketcase. However, the plans being laid out by investors Dan Gilbert (owner of theCleveland Cavaliers) and Arn Tellem (owner of the Detroit Pistons) are very compelling- they are looking to buy an abandoned jail site from the city that is right next to Tigers' Comerica Park, Lions Ford Field, and Red Wings new arena and create a giant sports/ entertainment corridor.
I love the vision, but believe that public sentiment in Detroit is such that the residents will not go for public financing of any kind, meaning these owners will be coming fully out of pocket. If they are willing, Detroit is the largest media market without a MLS franchise, so they are likely to win a team.
1st: Sacramento
To me this city is almost assured the next team. They have a solid ownership group that contains individuals with shares in the San Francisco 49ers and Sacramento Kings, have proven solid attendance numbers in minor league soccer, and are the 20th largest media market in the US. They have a beautifully master-planned 224-acre Railyards district focused around the rehab of a 19th century railyard area, a brand-new soccer station, and a new Kaiser Permanente hospital – so stadium is a lock. San Jose would also provide a good local rival. As a betting man, I will lock this in as the next team.
Final Thoughts
With many capable ownership groups, it seems to me that the biggest deterrent to any city is their ability to finance a soccer-specific stadium. Some cities will have an advantage by utilizing (in-part) some sort of public financing, and some are much further along in the planning/location process than others. The MLS knows it will get great deals with their next expansion teams, as the franchise tag and stadium requirements means that owners are serious and committed to growing the brand and product in their geographic region. In fact, I predict that there will be at least THREE teams that join the league before Miami (technically the 24th team) as it is apparent that other groups are hungrier to get going.
The Raleigh-Durham area has always been a regional soccer power, and with Steve Malik's determination to join the MLS ranks we just need to figure out a good stadium location/financing and we are an immediate contender.
You know it's time for the human race to pack it in and call it a day when the need arises to pass a state bill criminalizing sex with animals.
But that's what State Rep. Carol Alvarado is trying to do with their introduction of what their office calls "landmark animal rights legislation," which is a nicer way of saying "Bestiality Bill." (Texas is one of only eight states without bestiality laws on the books, according to Alvarado's office).
In skin-crawling detail, House Bill 1087 lays out most permutations of person-on-animal sexual activity, including dry-humping. We say "most" permutations, because the bill overlooks actions that don't involve an animal's orifices. Not sure how to put this delicately, but, per the bill's current text, it apparently wouldn't be illegal to put a cat paw/donkey hoof/aardvark nose in any of your orifices. But we can certainly understand how normal, non-animal-rapists can forget to cover all the bases in a bill that highlights one of the darkest corners of the soul.
“Before welfare reform, you had, in the minds of most Americans, a stark separation between the deserving working poor and the undeserving welfare poor,” Barack Obama said in 2008, explaining why they supported the welfare law enacted under President Bill Clinton. “What welfare reform did was desegregate those two groups. Now, everybody was poor, and everybody had to work.”
Yet as earnings for many working-class families have stagnated or stumbled despite nearly eight years of recovery, resentment about the size and cost of the social safety net has grown. That fed the wave of anger that helped propel President Trump into the White House. The greatest disdain is directed toward adults who seem capable of working.
The mentally ill, older adults and disabled people can do little to take care of themselves, Mr. Carson said, but “there is another group of people who are able-bodied individuals, and I think we do those people a great disservice when we simply maintain them.”
Mr. Carson echoed the views of Speaker Paul D. Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin, who argues that government assistance has done more harm than good.
“Ryan revived the idea that these programs hurt people rather than help them, that dependency is bad,” said Robert A. Moffitt, an economics professor at Johns Hopkins University.
Yet defining public assistance as inherently counterproductive denies the possibility that there may be a trade-off between values and effectiveness.
Both liberal and conservative researchers agree that tax credits, food stamps, child care support and Medicaid reduce hunger, illness and poverty among the poorest Americans.
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
The close of the 2015 NFL regular season is finally upon us. For 12 teams, it's merely the prelude to what they hope will be a Super Bowl run. For the remaining 20, it's a welcome reprieve after a 16-game stretch filled with disappointment.
Erasing that disappointment is a job that begins now for those front offices. April's draft is still three months away, but the research phase across the sport is fully locked and loaded. Internal decision-making and free-agency plans are being decided as we speak, as lists of potential targets who may be available on draft night are being compiled.
With that in mind, let's take a quick look at how the draft would play out if it were held after the regular-season finales.
2016 NFL Mock Draft
Pick Team Selection 1 Tennessee Titans Joey Bosa, DE, Ohio State 2 Cleveland Browns Jared Goff, QB, California 3 San Diego Chargers Jalen Ramsey, DB, Florida State 4 Dallas Cowboys Jaylon Smith, LB, Notre Dame 5 Jacksonville Jaguars Vernon Hargreaves, CB, Florida 6 Baltimore Ravens Laremy Tunsil, OT, Ole Miss 7 San Francisco 49ers Paxton Lynch, QB, Memphis 8 Miami Dolphins DeForest Buckner, DE, Oregon 9 Tampa Bay Buccaneers Ronnie Stanley, OT, Notre Dame 10 New York Giants Myles Jack, LB, UCLA 11 Chicago Bears Reggie Ragland, LB, Alabama 12 New Orleans Saints Mackensie Alexander, CB, Clemson 13 Philadelphia Eagles Connor Cook, QB, Michigan State 14 Oakland Raiders Robert Nkemdiche, DT, Ole Miss 15 St. Louis Rams Michael Thomas, WR, Ohio State 16 Detroit Lions Taylor Decker, OT, Ohio State 17 Atlanta Falcons Emmanuel Ogbah, DE, Oklahoma State 18 Indianapolis Colts Jack Conklin, OT, Michigan State 19 Buffalo Bills Vonn Bell, S, Ohio State 20 New York Jets Su'a Cravens, OLB, USC 21 Pittsburgh Steelers Kendall Fuller, CB, Virginia Tech 22 Seattle Seahawks Maliek Collins, DT, Nebraska 23 Green Bay Packers Jarran Reed, DT, Alabama 24 Kansas City Chiefs Vadal Alexander, G, LSU 25 Washington A'Shawn Robinson, DT, Alabama 26 Houston Texans Carson Wentz, QB, North Dakota State 27 Minnesota Vikings Corey Coleman, WR, Baylor 28 Cincinnati Bengals Jason Spriggs, OT, Indiana 29 Denver Broncos Kenny Clark, DL, UCLA 30 Arizona Cardinals Leonard Floyd, LB, Georgia 31 Carolina Panthers Ezekiel Elliott, RB, Ohio State NFL.com for draft order
1. Tennessee Titans: Joey Bosa, DE, Ohio State
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
The next regime in Tennessee will have an interesting decision on its hands. On paper, Joey Bosa feels like the surefire selection. He's a two-time consensus All-American who flashes elite pass-rushing prowess, is ready-built for the NFL and plays with an aggressiveness that's much needed in Tennessee. No Titans player had more than seven sacks in 2015, and it'd be a mild surprise if Bosa didn't blast that total as a rookie.
Nevertheless, the temptation to build a fort around quarterback Marcus Mariota is understandable. Taylor Lewan flashed promise as a left tackle of the future this season, but the remainder of the offensive line is in need of a retooling. Ole Miss tackle Laremy Tunsil would be a more than deserving selection at No. 1 if their health checks out.
Bosa's by far the favorite at this juncture and probably the better overall talent. After Mariota missed three games due to injury in 2015, though, don't be surprised if the decision comes down to who Tennessee hires as its next coach.
2. Cleveland Browns: Jared Goff, QB, Cal
Here is what Browns owner Jimmy Haslam said regarding their team's quarterback position Sunday night, per Mary Kay Cabot of Cleveland.com: "We do have the No. 2 pick in the draft."
Does that sound like a man super invested in keeping Johnny Manziel in town? Understandably not. Manziel has been a mess on and off the field since their arrival in Cleveland, and there is little reason to expect Cleveland's new general manager and head coach to begin their tenure with such a headache.
Jared Goff could represent a chance—yet again—to start over. The Cal product threw for 4,719 yards and 43 touchdowns against 13 interceptions as a junior, closing their career with a brilliant two-game stretch. They threw for more than 1,000 yards and 11 touchdowns without a pick in wins over Arizona State and Air Force, and they had 19 touchdowns against one pick in their final four games.
After years of searching, Goff could finally be Cleveland's answer under center.
3. San Diego Chargers: Jalen Ramsey, DB, Florida State
Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
It doesn't really matter if Jalen Ramsey is a safety or cornerback at the next level. He's a potential Pro Bowler either way. The Florida State standout was a consensus All-America selection this season despite not grabbing a single interception and recording 52 tackles—a drop off of 28 from their sophomore season.
Instead, they were the very definition of a shutdown option, combining good athleticism with natural instincts to thwart opposing offenses.
"Ramsey is instinctive and dynamic around the box that they should thrive as a nickel defender in an exotic defense," Bucky Brooks of NFL.com wrote. "If I had to compare them to a current pro, I would cite Charles Woodson based on their unique skills as a multifaceted playmaker."
All of that is good news to San Diego, which needs all the secondary help it can get. The team is headed for an ugly divorce with franchise stalwart Eric Weddle and has some pretty sizable holes at the cornerback spot as well. Ramsey's plug-and-play mentality makes them a perfect fit.
4. Dallas Cowboys: Jaylon Smith, LB, Notre Dame
Jaylon Smith's knee injury, which they suffered in a Fiesta Bowl loss to Ohio State, clouds their future. They were a surefire top-10 selection before going down. There was no question he'd enter their name in the draft, and ESPN's Mel Kiper had them ranked second overall on their big board.
Now, anything is in play. There has been no formal announcement on the severity of Smith's injury, but Irish coach Brian Kelly categorized it as "significant," per Irish Sports Daily. Their draft stock may depend on whether "significant" means totally blown out or something closer to a two- or three-month injury that could be healed in time for pre-draft workouts.
For now, we're going to keep Smith here but reserve the right to drop them down once official word comes in on their status.
5. Jacksonville Jaguars: Vernon Hargreaves, CB, Florida
The Jags got nothing from their first-round pick a year ago, as Dante Fowler Jr. blew out their knee in May before so much as sniffing an NFL game. Fowler should return fully healthy in 2016 to provide Jacksonville a much-needed spark on the edge, and Vernon Hargreaves would help fortify the secondary behind him.
A two-time All-American and three-time All-SEC selection, Hargreaves has been pegged for the top of the first round since their arrival at Florida. He's not quite as physically gifted as Ramsey from a size standpoint but has elite top-end speed and athleticism that allows them to make big plays in coverage.
While that also leads to a propensity for over-aggressiveness, Jaguars head coach Gus Bradley knows how to mold secondary talent and could help them make adjustments to the pro game.
Follow Tyler Conway (@jtylerconway) on Twitter
The sharing economy exists in a legal grey area beyond the reach of hard-won civil rights laws, and black users say they experience discrimination as a result
Airbnb: how US civil rights laws allow racial discrimination on the site
The four black students who sat down at a white's only lunch counter at a Woolworth's in Greensboro, North Carolina, in 1960 catalyzed a nationwide protest movement that led, eventually, to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964: landmark legislation that outlawed racial discrimination in public accommodations – restaurants, stores, hotels, and other businesses.
Fifty years later, however, the segregated lunch counter is making a stealthy comeback, thanks to the innovations (and regressions) of what has become known as the sharing economy.
A 2015 study by researchers at Harvard Business School found evidence of “widespread discrimination against African-American guests” by Airbnb hosts, and many black Twitter users have begun sharing their experiences of rejection on the short-term rental platform using the hashtag #AirbnbWhileBlack.
For many, Airbnb serves as a functional equivalent to a hotel, but the startup – and other similar internet marketplaces – exist in a grey area, potentially beyond the reach of the hard-won reforms of the civil rights movement.
Airbnb's controversial deal with labor union falls apart after intense backlash Read more
“What Airbnb and many other sharing economy businesses are doing is ... moving hundreds of thousands of transactions out of the realm where they are unquestionably governed by public accommodations laws and into a realm where the legality is at best unclear,” says Nancy Leong, a law professor at the University of Denver who examines how civil rights legislation applies to companies like Airbnb in the Georgetown Law Journal.
That legal ambiguity mirrors other regulatory debates that have arisen in the world of startups operating on the ethos that it is better to ask for forgiveness than permission.
But while pesky and inefficient laws about taxi medallions or residential zoning may seem worth ignoring, the laws that brought an end to the era of Jim Crow are not a politically feasible target for disruption. (Republican presidential candidate Senator Rand Paul has been dogged for years by comments they made in 2010 questioning whether the Civil Rights Act should apply to private enterprises.)
Airbnb's policy clearly places the burden of compliance with civil rights laws on individual hosts
According to its anti-discrimination policy, Airbnb “require[s] all users to comply with local laws and regulations”, including federal anti-discrimination law. The company also requests that users report instances of discrimination.
“If we learn about violations of our policy we take action,” said Airbnb spokesperson Nick Papas in a statement. “We recognize that bias and discrimination present significant challenges for everyone, we are taking steps to address these issues and we welcome the opportunity to work with anyone that can help us reduce potential discrimination in the Airbnb community.”
Papas did not respond to requests for information about what the company's “action” entails, how many complaints about discrimination the company has received, and how many listings it has taken action against.
Airbnb's policy clearly places the burden of compliance with civil rights laws on individual hosts, however, and many if not most of them are likely exempt from Title II of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which does not apply to people renting fewer than five rooms in their own home.
“All of the laws that were written in the Great Depression era and the civil rights era were written with a particular sort of society in mind,” says Veena Dubal, a professor of law at the University of California, Hastings. “Now everything looks so different.”
So “even though the intent [of the law] is there,” they say, it's difficult to make 20th century statutes apply to 21st century corporations, which use “creative corporate structuring to evade the law's protections, so that you're back in an exploitative place that existed before the laws were written.”
One solution to the legal quandary would be to consider Airbnb itself as a public accommodation, rather than as a conduit for two million individual public accommodations. The US attorney general could then bring an enforcement action against Airbnb under Title II, Leong says, or black Airbnb users could attempt to bring a class action suit against the company.
David B Oppenheimer, a professor at UC Berkeley who specializes in discrimination law, does not like Airbnb's chances in such a suit.
“If I were betting on the outcome of a racial discrimination case against AirBnB renters relying on an exemption from the fair housing laws, I'd bet against them,” they say.
Leong suggests that Airbnb could be found liable if a plaintiff could show that is practices caused hosts to discriminate, saying: “My view is that there is a colorable argument that features of the platform, such as encouraging users to post pictures of themselves and use their real first names, are actions by Airbnb that increase the likelihood of discrimination.”
The dark side of Uber: why the sharing economy needs tougher rules | Greg Jericho Read more
“There are definitely ways to use the existing civil rights laws to hold Airbnb accountable, but you have to have the political will,” Dubal says. “You have to find someone in the [civil rights division of the Department of Justice] that's willing to go out on a limb.”
The Department of Justice did not immediately respond to inquiries.
Lawsuits would have to make their way slowly through the courts. Another option would be updating the laws themselves.
“If the [public accommodation] statute could be updated quickly to cover sharing-economy businesses that are the functional equivalent of traditional-economy businesses, then it would save a lot of time,” Leong says.
Leong worries that our acceptance of discrimination on platforms like Airbnb is indicative of a broader trend in US public opinion.
“In some ways the peer-to-peer economy reinforces the increasingly popular view among some people that they are entitled to discriminate in their personal business dealings,” they say, citing examples such as bakeries that refuse to sell wedding cakes to same-sex couples or restaurants that turn away Muslims.
Acceptance of such behavior would constitute a major setback for social progress.
“Discrimination by private actors isn't really private,” they say. “If it occurs frequently enough it limits the ability of some groups to live their lives out in public with the same freedom other groups enjoy.”
Police in rural Japan are searching for a 63-year-old man suspected of having killed five people, burned down two houses and left behind a haiku poem as a clue.
Police in rural Japan are searching for a 63-year-old man suspected of having killed five people, burned down two houses and left behind a haiku poem as a clue.
On Sunday night, the bodies of 71-year-old Makoto Sadamori and their wife Kiyoko, 72, were found in the smouldering remains of their home, in a mountain hamlet in the western Yamaguchi prefecture.
Around 80 metres away, police came across a third body, thought to be that of a 79-year-old woman, Miyako Yamamoto, whose house had begun to burn at around 9pm, approximately the same time as the Sadamori home.
The remote village is said to contain just 10 households, a temple and a community centre, so when two more bodies were found in other nearby homes on Monday, the dead amounted to a third of its population.
Like their fellow victims, 73-year-old Satoko Kawamura and Fumito Ishimura, 80, are believed to have been battered to death. All five reportedly died instantly after being struck on the head with a blunt instrument.
Criminologist Jinsuke Kageyama told the Japan Times: “All of the victims must have been asleep when they were attacked… Even elderly people resist. It would have been difficult to strike them repeatedly only on the head.”
Police have yet to find a murder weapon, but think they may have discovered a clue to the killer's identity: a haiku poem, fixed to a window at the home of their chief suspect, Yamamoto's 63-year-old neighbour, which reads: “Setting on fire/ Smoke gives delight/ To a country fellow.”
The haiku is a traditional Japanese form of verse, consisting of 17 syllables in three lines. Most haiku use imagery drawn from nature as a metaphor for human emotions.
There was no trace of the poem's author, who has not been named. Two cars were still in their garage, however, and police began their manhunt in the woods around the village last night.
According to the hamlet's surviving residents, the man was known to be unfriendly and something of a troublemaker.
One of the victims, Satoko Kawamura, had reportedly complained about the man's dog. Once, after they flinched from the pet in fear, the man supposedly shouted: “Are you going to batter them to death?”
Another resident of the village reportedly told police the haiku had been in the man's window for some time. There had been a small fire at Kawamura's home around five years ago, and another local house burned to the ground in 2011. Police said they were examining possible connections between the cases.
According to one Japanese newspaper, Yomiuri Shimbun, the suspect had also told neighbours that if they killed someone, they would be immune from prosecution because they are on medication.
Online Editors
BusinessGreen: New study concludes there is ‘no overall relationship' between tourism employment in an area and the deployment of onshore windfarms
“Repels tourists” can now be added to the long list of criticism levelled at onshore windfarms that has been shown to be unfounded.
A new report by consultancy BiGGAR Economics, which analysed the impact of Scottish windfarms on tourism-related employment in an area, this week concluded there was no evidence to suggest windfarms had an adverse effect on tourism in an area.
The potential impact on tourism is a common consideration during the planning process and as such the study set out to see if the impact could be quantified.
It analysed the level of windfarm installations and the level of employment in tourism in Scotland between 2009 and 2013 at both a national and a local level.
The study found that at the national level the number of wind turbines in Scotland increased by 121% over the period, while tourism-related employment rose by 10.8%.
However, the report found the distribution of both windfarms and tourism jobs varied significantly across the country so it also looked at the impact on tourism employment in areas with a higher proportion of wind turbines.
It concluded there was “no clear relationship between the growth in the onshore wind sector and growth in the tourism sector”.
“Areas such as Aberdeenshire have seen a larger level of growth in the number of wind turbines installed and at the same time have also seen a greater increase in the level of tourism employment,” BiGGAR Economics said. “Some of the local authorities with the greatest growth in tourism employment also saw the greatest rise in onshore wind installations. However there is no overall relationship between the two factors.”
The report also looked at tourism employment in the immediate locality of 18 windfarms across Scotland that have been built since 2009. “This found that the there was a significant variation between sites and there was no overall relationship between the development of wind energy and tourism employment in an area,” the company said. “In fact, in the majority of cases the level of tourism employment increased more in the immediate area surrounding a windfarm than in the wider local authority area.”
The results of the report, which echo similar studies largely debunking the alleged impact of windfarms on health and house prices, were welcomed by WWF Scotland director Lang Banks.
“Hopefully this latest research will finally put to bed the myth that windfarms have a negative impact on tourism jobs,” they said. “In fact the reality is that in some cases windfarms have themselves become tourist attractions.”
The French satirical magazine "Charlie Hebdo," which was targeted in a jihadist massacre in Paris in January 2015, will launch a German edition in December, a spokesperson said Wednesday.
The weekly newspaper will launch in Germany on December 1 with an initial print run of 200,000 issues, although it said it does not know how many editions it will print thereafter.
The first issues will mostly comprise of texts and caricatures translated from the original French edition. However, in time editors intend to also create original German content.
It will be the first time "Charlie Hebdo" has founded an edition for a foreign audience. The publishers saw Germany as the market that expressed the keenest interest in having its own edition. It also provides part of its content in English on its website. A spokesperson said that the caricaturists in particular encountered a notable demand for the newspaper on their visits to Germany.
However, "Charlie Hebdo" has ruled out opening an office in Germany. Rather, teams of German-speaking reporters and translators will work on the newspaper remotely or from the "Charlie Hebdo" office in Paris.
Watch video 08:37 Share Who was 'Charlie'? Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/1HXGA Who was 'Charlie'?
The publication will cost 4 euros (about $4.20) at newspaper stalls, where it will sell alongside competing German satirical magazines such as "Titanic" and "Eulenspiegel."
'Je suis Charlie'
In France, "Charlie Hebdo" sells some 60,000 copies per week from newsstands and has 50,000 subscribers. The French edition currently sells some 1,000 copies a week in Germany, however the "survivor's edition" - the first issue printed after the massacre - sold 70,000 copies in Germany.
Like its German counterparts, "Charlie Hebdo" is known for its provocative articles and often crass illustrations. Its divisiveness has split opinion: some find it funny, while others view it with indignation.
Depictions of the prophet Mohammed within enraged many Muslims and in January 2015 its offices were targeted by Islamic extremists. Twelve people were killed in the massacre, including eight staff workers, among them some of France's most famed cartoonists.
The tragic incident led the newspaper and the phrase "Je suis Charlie" to become a symbol for press freedom and freedom of expression.
Today, the editors work in strictly guarded offices in a secret location, while the most prominent members of staff remain under police protection.
dm/kl (AFP)
Great .NET Conferences to Attend
Written by Thomas Ardal , December 15, 2017
In the series:
Looking for .NET conferences to attend? You are in luck! There are a lot of options out there. While most good conferences about .NET are arranged by Microsoft themselves, there are some great alternatives spread across both Europe and the US. This list is my attempt to sum up a list of good conferences I have had recommended by friends or have attended during the years.
NDC or Norwegian Developers Conference is one of the largest .NET conferences in Europe. Launched in Oslo, Norway back in 2008, but now available in London, Sydney and Minnesota as well. Besides the main conferences, there's a NDC Mini in Copenhagen, that I attended and really enjoyed last year.
Back in 2011, Microsoft merged their PDC and MIX conferences into //build/. Besides a lot of info about .NET, there are always a lot of announcements too. So, if you want to be the first to hear about the new stuff, Build is the place to go.
Previously known as TechEd, Ignite is one of the oldest Microsoft conferences on the block. While TechEd was arranged all over the world, Ignite only seem to happen in the US. There's a lot of .NET content at Ignite, but the conference also spans other subjects.
Build Stuff, the large .NET conference in Lithuania, has been gaining a lot of traction the last few years. It's amazing to see the quality of speakers, that the conference is able to attract. Some buddies of mine have attended the conference for a couple of years and speak very highly of going. A nice benefit of going to Lithuania is, that everything is cheaper than the rest of Europe and US. In 2017, Build Stuff introduced a new conference in Mallorca, Spain. Conference, pool and warm weather - what's not to like!
Visual Studio Live is another Microsoft conference available in 7 US cities. The conference doesn't really seem to have gotten the attention it deserves. Looks like a range of good sessions with lots of hands on and workshops.
.NET Conf is a virtual conference arranged by Microsoft every year. The awesome thing with .NET Conf is, that they partner with user groups and similar throughout the world, to arrange local in-person events like streaming sessions. Everything is free, which makes it a no-brainer to convince your boss.
Techorama is one of the new players on the block. That shouldn't keep you from going though. In 5 years, Techorama has grown to more than 1.500 attendees and 150 sessions, spread across 11 tracks. Besides being a good choice for .NET developers, Techorama is held in the beautiful city of Antwerp (Belgium) and from 2018 also in the Netherlands. Maybe combine it with a bit of sightseeing?
Sort of like .NET Conf, but rather than streaming sessions from a virtual conference, Global Azure Bootcamp is a series of events throughout the world about Azure. The local user groups and MVPs arrange the conference and arrange which sessions to host and speakers to invite. Since this is organized 100% by local forces, I cannot recommend your local event or not. Try it next time or even better, ask to join in.
Yet another Microsoft conference in the US. Originally founded by Scott Hanselman and friends, after missing the MIX (now //build/) conference. AngleBrackets is like MIX, mostly about web and related technologies. It's one of those conferences I would personally love to attend.
.NET Fringe is an open source .NET conference located in Portland, Oregon. The awesome thing about Fringe is that it seems to be backed by a lot of cool people in the industry.
You cannot write a post about Microsoft .NET conferences without mentioning Connect();. It's a virtual conference with a lot of good stuff and announcements. All sessions are available for streaming, so catch a session or two before going to bed.
You probably haven't heard about the summit if you haven't been a Microsoft MVP or tried to be one. It's the yearly event for all MVP's with a lot of insider information about new and exciting Microsoft technologies. I had one chance to attend (back in 2015), but blew it :)
Eastern Europe doesn't only offer Build Stuff. DotNext is a two-day conference happening in Moscow and St. Petersburg (both in Russia) every year. DotNext may not be the largest conference out there, but they still managed to attract speakers like Jon Skeet, Dino Esposito and Mark Seemann in 2018.
TechBash is another community driven conference, located in Pennsylvania, US. With only a few years of arranging the conference, it already seems to attract some great speakers and sessions. Besides a 3-day packed schedule, you will be able to enjoy the rest of the Kalahari Resort, including America's largest indoor waterpark. What a great excuse to bring the family.
Based in Stockholm, Sweden we find DevSum - The .NET Conference. It's weird how I didn't know about a .NET conference with this history (> 10 years), size (60+ speakers and 600+ participants) and duration (3 days including workshops) before getting a recommendation through this post. This definitely looks like a good choice for .NET peeps.
BASTA! is an all-round conference about Microsoft-technologies, located in Frankfurt, Germany. The nice thing about BASTA!, seems to be the broad range of sessions (everything from DevOps and Agile to JavaScript and HTML5), but still centered around Microsoft and .NET.
SDD (Software Design & Development) is another broad topic option that doesn't do a lot to tell that it includes Microsoft talks. But with speakers like Jon Skeet, Scott Allen and Jimmy Bogard, .NET and C# is on the menu for sure. Furthermore, the conference is huge, spanning 5 days, more than 80 sessions and 18 all-day workshops. Finally, SDD is a great excuse to experience the awesome city of London.
Another London-option for .NET developers is Progressive .NET. 3 days of sessions and tutorials from speakers like Jon Galloway and Julie Lerman. The conference is arranged by Skills Matter (you probably already know them from their training courses) in their CodeNode conference center. How cool of a name for a venue is that!
While most conferences span multiple days, .NET Day in Switzerland is a single day only. It probably make it low priority for people not nearby. But if you are in the neighbourhood, .NET Day looks like an interesting option. There's a lot of focus on new topics like ASP.NET Core.
Update is a newly founded conference and the biggest one yet in Prague. I'm kind of disappointed that I didn't notice this conference in time since the schedule looks right up my alley. With three simultaneous tracks, there is something interesting at all times. Finally, would love to revisit Prague. What a beautiful city full of history (ok and beer!).
If you are into .NET and JavaScript and you would like a trip to Bulgaria, DevReach could be a good option. The overall themes have switched a bit from last year to this year. Focusing on both .NET and JavaScript is actually a quite clever idea, that I haven't seen done as consistently elsewhere.
Do you believe we've missed something? Let us know through the comments below.
More of a blog reading type? Check out our post .NET Blogs to Follow - The Ultimate List.
We monitor your websites We monitor your websites for crashes and availability. This helps you get an overview of the quality of your applications and to spot trends in your releases. We notify you We notify you when errors start happening using Slack, HipChat, mail or other forms of communication to help you react to errors before your users do. We help you fix bugs We help you fix bugs quickly by combining error diagnostic information with innovative quick fixes and answers from Stack Overflow and social media.
See how we can help you monitor your website for crashes Monitor your website
As I sat in an empty theater over the holiday watching Assassin's Creed, a big-budget adaptation of Ubisoft's popular video game franchise about a shadowy group of historical killers, two questions looped inside my mind, like video game missions I couldn't quite beat. First: What in the hell is going on? And second: Why can't Hollywood get video game movies right?
I gave up trying to figure out the answer to the first question. I'm still working on the second.
2016 could have been the year that movies based on video games finally leveled up. Instead it was the year that Hollywood proved over and over again that it can't make a video game movie that's any good.
Assassin's Creed is the fourth 2016 movie based on a popular video game series, following Ratchet & Clank, The Angry Birds Movie, and Warcraft, some of which made money at the box office, but all of which were critical failures. Angry Birds, the most praised of the bunch, scored a 43 on Rotten Tomatoes, with supposedly positive reviews like the one from Megan Garber in The Atlantic lauding it as “really not bad” and “actually very actively okay.” (Try quoting that in a TV commercial.)
For a video game movie, though, that's high praise — which should tell you something about the quality level that's typical and expected of a video game adaptation at this point. Banal mediocrity is the state to which these movies aspire — and few even manage that.
There's really no good reason it should be this hard to successfully adapt a video game
There's certainly no lack of resources or talent to blame. Take Assassin's Creed, a movie that used its $125 million budget to put together a top-notch cast, featuring Michael Fassbender, Jeremy Irons, Marion Cotillard, Brendan Gleeson, Charlotte Rampling, and Michael K. Williams. But it has no idea what to do with any of them. Gleeson and Williams are barely in the movie, and Cotillard, Irons, and Rampling are forced to recite dialogue that most 8-year-olds would be embarrassed to give to their action figures. (It's almost worth it, though, to hear Irons cut short a scene by earnestly announcing, “I'm late. I have to report to the elders.”)
Fassbender, meanwhile, is a stern performer whose brooding skills are practically unmatched in Hollywood—one imagines the sun dims slightly when they step outside—and they attempt to inject some actorly seriousness into the proceedings. But they end up spending large chunks of the movie wandering around a mysterious facility wearing an angled grey hospital robe that looks like a pair of Romulan pajamas. Mostly they just looks lost. The only moment in which they connect is when they slam a cafeteria table and shouts, “What the fuck is going on here?” Their confused desperation, like my own, was all too real.
Director Justin Kurzel, who previously helmed a widely praised and wildly stylized adaptation of Macbeth, is a real talent too, but he's in way over their head. Assassin's Creed is ostensibly an action movie, with rooftop parkour chases and balletic multi-person fights that mimic those in the games, but the rhythmless, herky-jerky editing makes it impossible to follow. The whole movie looks like someone found a pile of Kurzel's raw footage and then turned it into a smoothie.
Assassin's Creed, in other words, is a movie with just about every resource at its disposal. And yet it fails to rise to the level of “really not bad.” It is very actively not okay.
You can say the same about Warcraft, this year's other big-budget video game action movie adaptation. It was directed by Duncan Jones and starred Paula Patton, Ben Foster, Dominic Cooper, and more. The 2010 screen version of Prince of Persia was directed by Mike Newell, who made Donnie Brasco and Four Weddings and a Funeral, and it starred Jake Gyllenhaal and Ben Kingsley. Tomb Raider and Resident Evil, two of the better video game movies (both came a controller's throw from being actively okay), starred Angelina Jolie and Milla Jovovich. The Super Mario Brothers movie made all the way back in 1993 starred Bob Hoskins and Dennis Hopper. These aren't C-list productions. But they tend to come out like they are.
The problem isn't the material, either. Or at least it shouldn't be. The Assassin's Creed video game franchise is hit and miss—and more miss since Ubisoft started releasing new installments annually—but there's plenty to work with. Sure, the writing in the games can be kind of stupid, given that it's built around convoluted lore involving a centuries-old war between a group of assassins and the Knights Templar; but stealthy gameplay and crowded urban environments that make the franchise work.
It's a lot of fun to sneak through a gorgeously rendered historical city, climb into a heavily guarded structure, track a target, and then leap down from above to make a kill before frantically escaping the scene by skipping from rooftop to rooftop. There's tension. There's ambiance. There's a sense of history and place and intrigue. The Assassin's Creed movie has none of that. What should have been structured as a series of linked assassination missions of escalating intricacy was instead rendered as an interminable exercise in muddled action and badly explained lore.
Untangling convoluted pulp storytelling isn't always easy. But it's hardly impossible. If Hollywood creatives can render decades' worth of comic book contrivance accessible and enjoyable to the masses, surely some screenwriter and director can do the same for a video game movie.
It hasn't happened yet, though.
Hollywood seems to have a fundamental misunderstanding of what differentiates movies and video games
In part, that's because the producers of these movies, like just about everyone in Hollywood, have fallen plague to franchise fever. Both Warcraft and Assassin's Creed are built to set up sequels, in hopes of creating a line of surefire hits. But it's not enough to tease audiences with unfinished subplots and unanswered questions. The best way to stoke demand for a sequel is by making the first installment work on its own.
The biggest mistake that video game movies make, however, is that they are targeted almost entirely at serious fans of the games. That's understandable; committed fan enthusiasm is what made these properties successful in the first place. But that approach tends to result in movies that simply aren't accessible to the broader moviegoing audience.
Both Warcraft and Assassin's Creed are far too indebted to the complicated mythologies of the games. Both go to great expository lengths to explain minute details of video game lore, none of which is very interesting on screen.
Too many video game movies seem intent on quoting their source material and winking at fans in ways that don't serve the story. Assassin's Creed the movie briefly replicates a number of signature visual moments from the games—the graceful high dives off of tall towers known as “leaps of faith”, the death-from-above drop kills, the effortless bounding over conveniently placed ropes. But there's never any reason for these bits to be there except that they are also in the games. (The Angry Birds Movie managed to avoid this problem mostly by not having much mythology to drag it down — and it more than doubled what Warcraft made at the U.S. box office.)
All of this stems from a fundamental misunderstanding of how the two different media work. Games are about worlds and systems, relayed through player-driven choices and exploration. Movies are about characters and stories, with the viewer experience entirely guided by the filmmakers. When video game movies don't work, it's often because they are overly invested in the worlds and systems that fans already love, at the expense of the characters and stories.
Don't get me wrong: I'm not saying that the fans or the games themselves should be ignored entirely. Far from it. Again, superhero movies, which figured out how to effectively cater to both hardcore fans and casual viewers, provide a useful guide. Video game movies, in contrast, have typically done a poor job of synthesizing their source material for a mass audience. They're niche products, produced at mass scale.
Given all the effort and resources that have been put toward bringing games to the screen, it's actually surprising that there's never been a truly good one. Maybe the divide between the two media is just too hard to bridge.
But even though 2016's crop of video game movies were dismal, there's still hope that someone may buck this dispiriting trend in the coming years: Currently there are more than two dozen video game adaptations in various stages of development—including, naturally, a sequel to Assassin's Creed.
A historically black college in Houston is canceling Sen. John Cornyn John CornynHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl MORE's (R-Texas) planned commencement address, the Houston Chronicle reported Friday.
In the run-up to the Saturday ceremony, 850 students at Texas Southern University had signed a petition urging the school to pull the plug on Cornyn's speech.
"Having a politician such as them speak at our institution is an insult to the students, to TSU, and to all HBCUs," the petition reads, using the acronym for historically black colleges and universities.
ADVERTISEMENT
"This is our graduation. We have the right to decide if we want to refuse to sit and listen to the words of a politician who chooses to use their political power in ways that continually harm marginalized and oppressed people."
The petition accused Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, of supporting "discriminatory policies and politicians," and argued that hosting them as a commencement speaker would contradict the university's values.
"The decision to host Mr. Cornyn, as a keynote speaker sends the message that the policies and views they have advocated and supported, including both discriminatory policies and politicians, are acceptable by the university and subsequently the student body," the petition reads.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was met with boos and jeers on Wednesday while delivering a commencement address at Bethune-Cookman University, a historically black school in Florida.
In the classic New Yorker cartoon of a few years ago, a billionaire sat behind their desk, boasting, “I own one plane, two yachts, three houses and four politicians.” Today's version would add, “and I'm also producing five movies.”
The list of billionaires globally has now soared past 1,000, according to the Wall Street Journal, and their impact on both politics and pop culture is fast expanding. At this year's Cannes Film Festival, there seemed to be more partying plutocrats than there were hungry sales agents.
“The new class of billionaires will change the landscape of Hollywood,” one billionaire-producer told me last week, typically asking not to be quoted. “I think that's a good thing because, like the moguls of old, they truly care, and want to be involved.”
But do they know what they're doing? some filmmakers would ask. The billionaire class in show business lately has been bolstered by the likes of Megan Ellison, Gigi Pritzker, Teddy Schwarzman and Jeff Skoll, whose slates are as expansive as their fortunes.
The acquisitiveness of the billionaire class extends to politics as well, with the Koch brothers and Sheldon Adelson allocating billions to their right wing slates and the candidates they support. Indeed a 2014 book titled “Billionaires” warns about the dire impact of the big-spending 1%. Written by Darrell M. West of the Brookings Institution, the book points out that plutocrats worldwide not only “own” candidates but “buy” political office — witness Bidzina Ivanishvili in Georgia, Serge Dassault in France or, most famously, Silvio Berlusconi in Italy. Then there's Rupert Murdoch, who yearns to own, not the office, but the news.
Related As Annapurna Stumbles, Billionaire Larry Ellison Exerts Control Listen: Producer Gigi Pritzker on Staying Nimble and Embracing Risk
The resources of the super rich are expanding exponentially. Hedge-fund managers last year took home record paychecks — $1.3 billion for Kenneth C. Griffin, $1.2 billion for James H. Simons and $1.1 billion for Raymond Dalio. Compensation levels for such moguls continue to soar, despite the fact that 2014 marked the sixth consecutive year in which hedge funds fell short of stock market performance — a batting average seemingly fit for the vagueries of movie production.
The new billionaire class clearly enjoys spending its riches. A record $179 million was bid earlier this month for a Picasso — an amount that embarrassed even art dealers. “The ‘hedgies' are throwing money around as never before, in business as well as the arts,” noted one corporate CEO, pointing to Bill Ackman's $3.3 billion move on Valeant Phamarceuticals. Daniel Loeb, meanwhile, was more bearish about a media investment, recently selling off their $l billion stakes in China's Alibaba.
Not that long ago, rich investors from outside the industry were treated with disdain by Hollywood. When Ted Field, heir to the Marshall Field fortune, arrived in town in 1982, they were surrounded by vultures peddling bogus deals. (Field hung on — he's made more than 50 films as well as building a major music business.) Today's new arrivals quickly surround themselves with top attorneys and agents to insulate themselves from con artists.
Will the billionaire class have a positive impact on the film business? A one-percenter I talked to said they were confident they would smartly fill the gap in midbudget films left open by the major studios' obsession with tentpoles. “We're going to end up owning two or three studios,” they predicted.
In disputing this view, an industry veteran pointed out that distribution is still the key to box office power, and that the irrevocable trend in the field is toward consolidation, not democratization. “A billion bucks is still a drop in the bucket in the worldwide entertainment business,” they maintained. “The billionaires may flaunt their money, but they'll remain the outsiders looking in.”
After Cody's second block last night, when the announcers were yammering on about them taking their helmet off, I assumed that everyone who knew anything about football would recognize that taking one's helmet off is a foul like "excessive celebration:" no matter when it happens, it's the penalty enforced on the next. Play.
As it turns out, lots and lots of Tennessee fans don't really know the rules of football.
Neither does Lane Kiffin:
"If a play's still going, you can't take your helmet off," Kiffin said. "A guy throws their helmet as the ball's still live. They throw their helmet and then two of their guys go and recover the ball. It's a 15-yard penalty, and you kick again."
Now, it should come as no surprise that Kiffin has no idea what the rules are of the game he's coaching. It's not the first time.
But, seeing all of these people come out of the woodwork to talk about "re-kicks" and other silly things has frustrated me to no end. Allow me to explain how football works, not for the benefit of our readers, most of whom have been on top of this all from the very moment of the block, but for other fans who might need a refresher:
The Helmet Rule
First, understand that removing your helmet while on the field of play is expressly against the rules. Rule 9-2-1:
Unsportsmanlike Acts
ARTICLE 1. There shall be no unsportsmanlike conduct or any act that interferes with orderly game administration on the part of players, substitutes, coaches, authorized attendants or any other persons subject to the rules, before the game, during the game or between periods. a. Specifically prohibited acts and conduct include: 1. No player, substitute, coach or other person subject to the rules shall use abusive, threatening or obscene language or gestures, or engage in such acts that provoke ill will or are demeaning to an opponent, to game officials or to the image of the game, including but not limited to: . . .
(f) Removal of a player's helmet before they are in the team area (Exceptions: Team, media or injury timeouts; equipment adjustment; through play; between periods; and during a measurement for a first down). . . .
If committed while the ball is alive, these fouls are treated as dead-ball fouls.
PENALTY — Dead-ball foul or live-ball foul treated as dead-ball foul. 15 yards [S7 and S27] from the succeeding spot. Flagrant offenders, if players or substitutes, shall be disqualified [S47]. If a player or an identified squad member in uniform commits two unsportsmanlike fouls in the same game, they shall be disqualified.
Essentially what that means is that dead ball fouls are marked off on the NEXT play and do not ever result in a "re-do" of the play on which they occurred, despite what Lane Kiffin may believe.
But Tennessee could've recovered the ball!
Well, no. No they couldn't have. A scrimmage kick (A.K.A. Field Goal) is a live ball, recoverable by either team, only until it crosses the neutral zone. At that point, the kicking team can only recover the ball once it has been touched by the defending team. Further, if a scrimmage kick touches goes beyond the neutral zone its character changes. From that point forward, the ball is unrecoverable by the kicking team unless it goes on to touch a player on the defending team. To be clear, the initial block would not count toward this. It would need to be touched again. Further, it would need to be touched before it touched the ground beyond the neutral zone. (See update #2 below for correction)
Rule 2-15-1-b states: "Any free kick or scrimmage kick continues to be a kick until it is caught or recovered by a player or becomes dead."
Rule 4-3-h states that the ball becomes dead "when a return kick or scrimmage kick beyond the neutral zone is made." While this might seem to imply that the ball was kicked from beyond the neutral zone, what it really means is that the scrimmage kick (the ball that has been kicked) has crossed the neutral zone and touched something on the other side. (See update #2 below for correction)
Rule 5-4 discusses the "continuity of downs" and says that the continuity is broken in a number of circumstances like the expiration of the half or game, a change of possession during the play, failing to convert a fourth down, and so on. In other words, no matter what down it was, after one of these things, the next down is first down. In many cases, this means a change of possession. One such occurrence that breaks the continuity of downs is: "(b). A scrimmage kick crosses the neutral zone."
In short: when the ball was hit by Cody it was live and could have been recovered by either team . . . until it rolled past the neutral zone, at which point it was dead by rule (See update #2 below) it was only recoverable by Alabama. Julio Jones tracked the ball down and covered it up. At that point, the play was over and Alabama received possession.
Update #1: bobo_the_vol suggests that the mere act of the ball crossing the Neutral Zone didn't result in a dead ball, so there's at least that debatable point, but remember that in order for that to matter a 'Bama player would still have to touch it after it crossed the NZ but before a Tennessee player did.
Update #2: After spending a few hours last night poking around the NCAA football rule book, I see what bobo_the_vol was trying to say, and I now agree with him. My initial interpretations of a few different clauses in the rule book were incorrect. Upon further reading, Rule 4-3-h means exactly what I said it did not mean (oops). The rule that I was leaning on to provide that interpretation, after another few reads through, doesn't support my assertion as I thought it did. As a result, the initial post was incorrect: the ball was not dead before Julio fell on it. As far as this particular play is concerned, it's a distinction with no difference as the ball was never bobbled around and there wasn't a Tennessee player anywhere in the vicinity of it when Julio touched it, so the final conclusion of this post is still valid. Regardless, I regret the error and appreciate bobo_the_vol taking the time to educate my stubborn self .
But what if Tennessee got the ball before it crossed the neutral zone?
Someone arguing this is probably alluding to the rule that the game can't end on a defensive penalty. The problem is that that simple statement of the rule is not entirely correct. A more accurate portrayal of the rule is that the game can't end on a live ball foul. Rule 3-3 controls here:
Extension of Periods
ARTICLE 3. A period shall be extended until a down (other than a try), free from live-ball fouls not penalized as dead-ball fouls, has been played when:
a. A penalty is accepted for a live-ball foul(s) not penalized as a dead-ball foul that occurs during a down in which time expires (Exception: Rule 10-2-2-g-1) (A.R. 3-2-3-I-VIII).
b. Offsetting fouls occur during a down in which time expires.
c. An inadvertent whistle is sounded or an official signals the ball dead during a down in which time expires.
Live-ball fouls that are penalized as dead-ball fouls do not extend the game. So even if Tennessee had recovered that kick, the game would still have been over because the game is not extended by fouls that are treated like dead-ball fouls.
So what you're saying is that there's no way that Cody taking their helmet off could have given Tennessee another shot to win the game?
Exactly.
Police: ‘Warehouse of weapons' found in North Stamford home
Braverman Braverman Photo: Stamford Police Dept. / Contributed Photo Photo: Stamford Police Dept. / Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Police: ‘Warehouse of weapons' found in North Stamford home 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
STAMFORD — A “warehouse of weapons” and live explosive devices were found during a raid of a North Stamford home, the culmination of a monthlong investigation by city's Narcotics and Organized Crime Squad, police said Friday.
The FBI is assisting the Stamford Police Department's investigation of a Craig Court home, near the border of Pound Ridge, N.Y., where narcotics officer and SWAT team members discovered six homemade bombs, 16 firearms and hundreds of knives, axes, hatchets, black powder guns and sharpened sticks, police said.
“The weapons were all over the place,” Stamford police Capt. Richard Conklin said Friday. “It was a bizarre, bizarre type of thing. Black powder muzzle loaders, black powder pistols — even a crossbow. There were hundreds of these things all around.”
The discovery comes following a tip that Alexander Braverman, 24, was growing marijuana in the 3,400-square-foot home they share with their parents, and that there were about a dozen guns — including an illegal assault weapon — inside the home, Conklin said.
It was not immediately known if Braverman was planning to use the weapons or explosives, Conklin said.
Braverman's attorney, public defender Barry Butler, said they had not yet read the police reports and declined to comment on the case. Braverman was arraigned Friday at the Stamford courthouse, where Judge Auden Grogins ordered them held in lieu of $175,000 bond before transferring the case to the Part A docket, where the most serious cases are handled.
Conklin said officers found about six improvised explosive devices, including a live hand grenade, taped in containers, when they searched the home on Thursday night.
“They appeared to be ready to go,” they said.
The bomb squad secured the explosives before they were seized, and the grenade is being tested to determine if it's real or a type of prop, Conklin said.
Charges regarding the explosives won't be filed until an analysis is conducted.
A grow room was discovered in the basement, containing about a half-dozen marijuana plants, Conklin said. Some were mature with buds and others much younger, they said.
Police also found an illegal large-capacity magazine attached to a rifle that could hold as many as 16 bullets, Conklin said. Magazines in Connecticut cannot legally hold more than 10 bullets.
Conklin said one of the firearms, a .22 caliber pistol, had its serial numbers removed.
In addition to the pistol charge, Braverman was charged with possession of a high-capacity magazine, illegally altering pistol identification numbers, cultivation of marijuana, possession of marijuana with intent to sell and operating a drug factory.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Davis's husband Joe told the crowd that their wife would not give in
Hundreds have gathered in support of a county clerk in the US state of Kentucky who was jailed for refusing to issue marriage licences to gay couples.
Kim Davis, an elected official in Rowan County, has said the Supreme Court's recent ruling on the issue conflicts with their Christian beliefs.
Some of their deputies began processing the licences on Friday, providing one to a gay couple previously denied one.
However, there is disagreement over whether the licences are valid.
Normally they require the signature of the elected clerk, in this case Davis.
On Thursday, Davis denied themselves the opportunity to be released from jail after refusing a judge's request to allow their clerks to issue licences. US District Judge David Bunning said they could remain in prison for up to a week.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Supporters assembled to listen to several speakers at the rally, including preachers
On Saturday Davis's husband Joe addressed the crowd outside the Carter County Detention Center.
"She won't bow, I promise you," Mr Davis told the crowd, the local Courier-Journal newspaper reported.
"I'm just an old, dumb, country hillbilly, but I know God," they added.
One of the other speakers, evangelical preacher Randy Smith, addressed the crowd saying: "Father we know what your word says. That homosexuality is an abomination," according to NPR.
The US Supreme Court on Monday rejected the argument that Davis's faith prevented them from carrying out their duty.
They can only be removed from their position if the Kentucky legislature impeaches her, because they are an elected official.
Various 2016 Republican presidential hopefuls, like Mike Huckabee, Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, Senator Ted Cruz and Senator Marco Rubio, have supported Ms Davis' decision.
Mr Huckabee has said they plan to meet Davis and stage their own support rally.
Others like Carly Fiorina, Senator Lindsey Graham and Ohio Governor John Kasich have said they must comply with the law.
There have been years when Larry Fitzgerald was the near totality of the Arizona Cardinals' offense. This is unlikely to be one of them.
The Cardinals escaped with an 18-17 win over the San Diego Chargers in Monday night's opener, but Fitzgerald -- the leading receiver in franchise history -- didn't play a key role. In fact, Fitzgerald didn't receive so much as a target well into the second half.
Fitzgerald finished with one catch for 22 yards. Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer targeted the future Hall of Famer four times in 37 passing attempts. Fitzgerald isn't the type to bemoan their lack of opportunities, of course.  They are one of the NFL's great ambassadors, so you can safely assume the man who lived through Matthew Leinart, Max Hall and John Skelton won't gripe after one quiet game.
Fitzgerald's outspoken father is a different story, however.
Being a receiver you can work hard run all game and your dependent on the coach calling your number.And the quarterback getting you the ball â Larry Fitzgerald Sr. (@FitzBeatSr) September 9, 2014
The world saw on Monday Night Football the politics and business of football.If its been decided that you are not getting the ball just win â Larry Fitzgerald Sr. (@FitzBeatSr) September 9, 2014
OK, then. The truth of the matter is that Palmer isn't looking in Fitzgerald's direction on a play-by-play basis because they don't have to. Michael Floyd has emerged as a big playmaker (as evidenced by their 63-yard reception on Monday night). John Brown, who scored the go-ahead touchdown against the Chargers, has T.Y. Hilton-like ability, while running back Andre Ellington is expected to have a big role as a rusher and receiver.
Larry Fitzgerald is now a piece of the pie, not the whole thing.
UPDATE: Coach Bruce Arians addressed on Tuesday Fitzgerald's lack of targets: "I'm not interested in anybody's numbers other than the 'Ws.' Those days are long gone."
The latest "Around The NFL Podcast" covers the Falcons' impressive offense, RGIII's struggles and recaps all Sunday's Week 1 action.
Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals creator by Diana Keuilian. You've tried cookery healthy recipes in the past. However your family disliked them “Family Friendly Healthy Meal Recipes” and admittedly, despite your best efforts they most likely didn't even start right.
Diet plays a crucial in keeping you healthy. With the deprivation of the diet sufficing for the need of basic nutrients, you can easily lose health become the victim of physical illness.
You don't have to worry anymore. Because, Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals has come up with an easy and healthy solution to provide you and your family with the basic nutrients needed for a healthy lifestyle.
See Product Details: Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals
The quick and easy way to feed your family healthy fat burning meals they'll love.
The 110 fat burning recipes of healthy meals ensure that you get quick, reliable and nutritious solutions that accelerate the burning of fats. Without compromising on taste and the joy of savoring food, it is definitely an authentic solution.
We have got to realize the typical family meal is just not enough to boost the daily performance and provide the body with the exact requirements.
What Is The Need?
Out daily diet is saturated with calories and has the full capacity of making us obese and vulnerable to different illnesses. The obesity has become so prevalent that the children of today's generation are more than any of the previous generations. It has drastically increased the chances of diabetes.
Moreover, diabetes is not the only problem. Unhealthy diet can result in numerous issues which can lead the human life to stray away from the normal.
Solution
The solution has been provided by Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals in the form of 110 different recipes which provide healthily and fat fighting solutions. The family meals have been converted to fat burning diet plans that aid in the removal of harmful toxins accumulating in the gut and causing problems like bloating and inflammation. All this is done without making any compromise on the taste of food.
The problem with traditional family meals is that they are saturated with fattening ingredients, they lack fibers and are composed of too many calories.
Why Use Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals?
The answer is simple:
You can lose extra fat and get look exactly the way you want. No need to worry about the calorie counter and extra exercise. Just follow the recipes and you are done.
They are tasty and suffice for all the nutritional requirements. This not only keeps you happy but also does not deprive you of the delicious food you always crave for.
They are free of ingredients that cause issues like bloating, inflammation, etc. This results in prevention from multiple health related issues which can disturb daily performance.
People Are Saying About Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals:
Read More Customer Reviews
This remarkable diet solution guarantees that all the nutritional needs of your family are catered for. Not only this, it is also assured that you lose extra pounds without investing in too much effort. All this can now be done by Family Friendly Fat Burning Meals which have been carefully researched and formulated to give you the best recipes.
At this point, it is a crucial need for the families to realize the danger that lies with typical family meals and the usual products sold at the market. Without proper action, we won't be able to perform to the fullest and our kids will be in danger.
Children's paper rounds should be banned, Europe's human rights watchdog has suggested, as it rebuked the British government's treatment of mothers, migrants and travellers.
Allowing children to deliver newspapers before school could harm their education and appears to be a violation of a European treaty on social rights, it was warned.
Labour laws that allow teenagers to work for 35 hours a week during the school holidays are too relaxed and put their “health, moral welfare and development” at risk, according to the European Committee of Social Rights, part of the Council of Europe.
The body oversees the European Social Charter, a legally binding international treaty dating back to 1961, of which the UK is a signatory. It is a counterpart to the better known European Convention on Human Rights.
In a sweeping and negative assessment, it said the UK should deliver an outright ban on smacking, had failed to guarantee the rights of travellers to housing, and said that immigration controls that mandate income and language requirements are too restrictive and prevent families being reunited.
Under UK law, a child should not work for more than one hour before school, and not start before 7am. However, local bye-laws can be less restrictive.
During the school holidays, those aged 13-14 should not work for more than 25 hours a week, while 15-16 year olds should not do more than 35 hours.
The committee said this violated rules on “light work”, that demand a weekly limit of 30 hours a week. A child should have a two week holiday in the summer free from work, it said.
Turning to newspaper delivery rounds, it said that “allowing children to work before school begins in the morning is, in principle, contrary” to the charter, because it puts at risk their “attendance, receptiveness and homework”. It noted earlier rulings had explicitly outlawed two-hour paper rounds starting at 6am. The committtee said it would investigate the situation in the UK further.
British ministers have previously called on young people to take on part-time work in corner stores and coffee shops to teach workplace skills such as punctuality.
Photo: Christopher Pledger
The Strasbourg-based Council of Europe was the brainchild of Sir Winston Churchill, and is entirely separate to the European Union.
Peter Bone, a Conservative MP, accused the body of meddling.
"This is the problem with these European-wide bodies: they are so out of touch with the people" Peter Bone, Conservative MP
“The founding fathers of the Council of Europe did not have in mind paper-rounds when they were talking about human rights. This is the problem with these European-wide bodies: they are so out of touch with the people,” they said. “We should just ignore this piece of advice.”
Member states are expected to respect the committee's conclusions but it does not issue formal sanctions.
The report argued the current minimum wage for young workers aged 16 and 17, of £3.72 an hour, is “not fair”.
It also said that maternity pay, at £136.78 a week, is “too low and therefore inadequate”.
It said that Britain was not complying with the charter by not explicitly banning corporal punishment in the home, such as smacking.
It said: "The Committee has noted that there is now a wide consensus at both the European and international level among human rights bodies that the corporal punishment of children should be expressly and comprehensively prohibited in law."
Parents are not explicitly banned from striking their children. The law allows that "reasonable chastisement" to control a child's behaviour is lawful, but parents can be prosecuted if their actions result in injuries such as bruises, cuts or scratch.
The report also said the age of criminal responsibility - 10 in England in Wales and eight in Scotland - is "manifestly low".
The UK was also accused of failing to meeting obligations on the rights of migrant workers and their families on the grounds that family members can be expelled following the deportation of their sponsor "without proof that they are a threat to national security, or offend against public interest or morals". It said language tests imposed on relatives of migrant workers are "likely to hinder family reunion".
The income requirement for migrants who wish their families to join them - only those who earn at least £18,600 a year can sponsor visas for a spouse from outside the EU - is "too high", it added.
In England the right of Roma and Traveller families to housing is "not effectively guaranteed", it was claimed.
Claim: The online review site Yelp has filed a $10 million lawsuit against the Comedy Central show South Park.
Example: [Collected via e-mail, October 2015]
Origins: On 21 October 2015, the NewsExaminer web site (and their shill site, nbc.com.co) published an article reporting that the online review site Yelp had filed a $10 million lawsuit against the Comedy Central television show South Park for lampooning Yelp in an episode of the series:
Today Yelp Inc. filed a $10 million dollar lawsuit against the creators of South Park and Comedy Central. In the lawsuit, Yelp is seeking damages caused by the latest episode of South Park which lampooned the customer review and local business rating website.
Paul Horner, who is a spokesperson for Yelp, spoke with NBC News about details of the lawsuit.
“Our company, along with its millions of users, take Yelp very seriously. The South Park episode was in extremely bad taste and not funny whatsoever. To say our critics are out there trying to get free food and using racist slurs on little Mexican children is beyond ridiculous. To compare the users of Yelp to terrorists is not only cruel, but the definition of libel and slander. I believe any reasonable court in America will agree with the lawsuit and rule in our favor.”
Matt Stone and Trey Parker, creators of the popular animated series, were quick to issue a statement of their own.
“We've taken a hard look at the information presented to us, and after reviewing it, we have given Yelp and their lawsuit only one star. Their lawyers delivered us legal documents in a very unprofessional manner; not bothering to smile or even a quick handshake. The writing on the envelope was barely legible and in two different colors. It is our personal opinion that Yelp could do a much better job by not suing us for ten million dollars.”
There is growing worry that a mysterious new Republican political action committee formed by Bush-era heavyweights including Karl Rove could harm the Republican National Committee down the line. As we've been reporting about the RNC's woes and chairperson Michael Steele's tenure, more and more GOPers tell me that Rove's new “American Crossroads” group spells trouble.
“That is very destructive to the party,” a former very high-ranking RNC official told me in an interview today. The official said the group, which already has $30 million in donor pledges but does not seem to have an active Web site, will have broad implications for the RNC if it is successful during this election cycle.
The former official told me that my story about Steele sparring with Rove and their allies offers a glimpse at where the new group is headed. “They are gathering the sinews of power and drawing off RNC resources. If they have the power, the party will have to turn back to them for leadership,” they said.As I reported yesterday, Steele allies believe that they didn't do themselves any favors by clearing house of the nearly 100 RNC staffers when they took the helm in 2009. They suggested the Bush-era consultants and staffers who were booted may have fanned the flames of the anti-Steele political fire ignited when spending reports showed a $2,000 tab at a bondage-themed nightclub.
As Steele's problems picked up steam in recent weeks, American Crossroads formed and generated buzz — though those involved with the group say privately there is nothing to worry about. In addition to Rove, former RNC Chairmen Mike Duncan and Ed Gillespie are on board. An RNC spokesperson also told me that these groups “will help all Republicans as we move towards November. But it comes as top Republicans like Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council are encouraging donors to put their money into other groups. Other GOPers say there has been an uptick in donations and new members joining outside political groups and the campaign committees.
If Rove and their team do raise the cash they are boasting about, the RNC will run out of money and the old Bush team will be controlling the finances of the party, the official griped. That may leave top donors looking to American Crossroads and others instead of to the national party in future cycles.
“This is drawing [donors] away from the party and into something else, and its very formation is communicating to the donors nationally that there is no confidence in the Republican party,” the former official said. They suggested this would allow the RNC's donor base to atrophy and put the next chairperson in a position of needing to completely rebuild.
Several other RNC members and GOP operatives told me about similar concerns in recent days, and one specifically suggested that Gillespie is aiming to lead the next Republican convention in 2012.
Though mostly peaceful, some violent scuffles broke out across Europe and as far away as Australia today as thousands of people taking part in PEGIDA anti-Muslim immigration protests clashed with a small number of pro-Muslim groups and riot control police.
UK Daily Mail Police in Dresden, Germany, saw about thousands of protesters at a rally organised by the group Patriotic Europeans against the Islamisation of the West (PEGIDA) , making it the biggest of a coordinated series of demonstrations across European cities.
Known by its German acronym PEGIDA, the group emerged in Dresden two years ago and has become a magnet for anti-Muslim immigrant sentiment.
BRITAIN: In Birmingham, placards were seen all over saying ‘Trump is right', ‘We will not stay silent as women are raped' and ‘Nazism = Islamism.'
FRANCE: Supporters of PEGIDA demonstrate in Calais:
Policemen arrest General of Army Corps, Christian Piquemal, who came out to support the anti-Islam protesters at the PEGIDA rally in Calais:
AUSTRALIA: Young anti-Islam protesters came out in Canberra:
Sherman Burgess, the Great Aussie Patriot, and Blair Cottrell, leader of United Patriots Front, were among the speakers:
Daniel Evans from Reclaim Australia is pictured standing before the demonstrators in the country's capital city, Canberra:
IRELAND: Riot police in Dublin stood between the Irish branch of PEGIDA and pro-Muslim demonstrators:
NETHERLANDS: Plainclothes police officers wrestle a man to the ground during the PEGIDA demonstration held in Amsterdam.
Riot police were also needed in Amsterdam today in order to separate the groups. The banner pictured reads: ‘Islamists not welcome'
GERMANY: Anti-Muslim immigration protesters marched through Dresden, the city where PEGIDA was originally formed:
CZECH REPUBLIC: Thousands of people gathered in front of Prague Castle, in the Czech capital, for a demonstration called ‘Together against islamization' organized by Czech right-wing populist party Usvit:
Update: Oculus has announced that those who preorder the Galaxy S7 will also be able to download six Gear VR games for free in a package valued at $50. The specific games will vary by phone carrier, and we can't seem to find the specifics listed anywhere online, but the Oculus announcement post mentions EVE: Gunjack, Land's End, and Anshar Wars 2 as part of the deal.
The free Gear VR offer is available with Galaxy S7 phones ordered through March 18. The device will be provided via a web form available starting on March 4.
Original story
With all the talk of the impending Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, it's easy to forget that the Samsung Gear VR already provides a consumer-grade virtual reality experience for a relatively low price and without the need for a pricey desktop PC. Samsung seems intent on not letting the tech world forget about its mobile VR solution, though, announcing at Mobile World Congress Sunday that pre-orders for its new flagship Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge phones will include a free Gear VR headset.
On the one hand, adding a useful $100/£100 accessory to these pre-orders seems like a good, synergistic way to generate interest in both virtual reality and in Samsung's new top-of-the-line phones, possibly pushing both to critical mass more quickly than they could unbundle. On the other hand, the fact that Samsung is willing to essentially give away a significant number of these $100 headsets suggests the Gear VR might not be selling as well as Samsung had hoped.
Business concerns aside, the pack-in deal is great for VR-curious consumers that are ready for a phone upgrade. Sure, the Gear VR might not have the head-tracking or hand-tracking capabilities of its PC-based counterparts. And the Galaxy phones can't really match the sheer pixel-pushing power of the GTX980 graphics cards needed to power tethered PC headsets.
Still, for a price starting at €700/$700 (right in between the price for the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive—and that's before any contract discounts), you can now get a brand-new cell phone and a complete, wholly competent VR solution that doesn't require a significant added investment in bulky PC hardware. And let's not forget that Gear VR is completely mobile, meaning you can stick it in a satchel to show off to friends who don't want to trek down to the PC in your home office.
Pre-orders for the new Galaxy S7 phones will start on February 23 in the US and UK, ahead of shipments starting on March 11.
So here's the explanation from Bill Ballou of the Worcester Telegram & Gazette, who voted Mike Trout 7th on their MVP ballot:
I am a strict constructionist re: “valuable”. If the award were Player of the Year, Trout would get my vote. I'm of the school that in order to have “value” you have to help your team be good, at least to the point of contending. The Angels didn't truly contend. To fully develop that logic, players from non-contenders should not be listed on the ballot at all, but the BBWAA insists that we fill out all 10 slots, so I did, even though I did not think there were 10 worthy candidates from contending teams.
OK, three thoughts.
First, I have to say that I respect Bill's explanation — it's obvious they thought about their ballot and voted their convictions, and I think that's the first and most important thing you ask of a voter. I don't agree with their ballot, of course. I don't agree with their reasoning. I don't even think their reasoning is particularly valid since it says clearly on the ballot, “the MVP need not come from a division winner or a other playoff qualifier,” but does not say anything about how you should consider teams on contending teams more valuable.
But Bill is hardly the only person who believes that the MVP should come from a contending team, and they clearly tried to make their ballot reflect that belief not only at the very top but throughout. I respect the consistency of that viewpoint. To be honest, I'm not sure they went far enough. If they were really going to vote this way, they should have voted David Ortiz (8th) and Evan Longoria (10th) ahead of Trout too. They were on playoff teams. Hey, if you're going to do it, you might as well go all the way.*
*I will say, though, that I can't quite balance Bill's uncompromising contender-value philosophy with their decision to vote for Chris Davis OVER Cabrera for MVP. I mean: the Orioles were contenders? Really? You have to stretch pretty far to get there. They were no better than third in the American League East after July 23. They didn't clinch a .500 record until September 25. They finished ninth in the American League in final record … the Angels finished 10th. So that was a little bit weird.
Second, I find it strange that they say, “If the award were Player of the Year, Trout would get my vote.” That suggests that they really does believe Mike Trout was the best player in the American League this year. I understand that they say he's a strict constructionist on their definition of value and all that, but I just don't see how you harmonize those two thoughts: 1. Mike Trout is the best player in the American League; 2. I'm voting them seventh in the MVP voting. Maybe I'm just repeating myself here.
Third, the main thought: I think that I've been unfairly blaming too much of this MVP disagreement on the word “valuable.” I have long believed that there was something about the word “valuable” that scrambled people's minds. I've long thought that if the award was simply called “The Best Player Award,” that a lot of this silliness would disappear. But when I read Bill's quote, for some reason, it hit me all once: That's probably not true. “Valuable,” the word, has been unfairly maligned and blamed. It's a perfectly good word. It's not valuable's fault.
Bill says they would have voted for Mike Trout had it been called the Player of the Year award. Others have said things like this too. “It's not Player of the Year,” they say. “It's the most VALUABLE player. There's a difference.”
OK, let's pretend we could go back to the beginning and replace “MVP” with “POY.” Would people's view of the award change? Would there be different winners through the years. I spent too much thought on this and decided: No way. Absolutely nothing would chance. If anything, I think it's possible people's view about the award would be even MORE slanted toward narrative and contending teams and so on.
Why? Look at those words. Player of the year. What do you think those words would mean to people if that was the actual name of the award? The word “best” is not in there. If anything that is more vague than Most Valuable Player. I can see the columns in my mind:
“So, you wonder why I voted Miguel Cabrera Player of the Year. Well, it's right there in the name. It says ‘Player of the YEAR' That means the player who had the biggest impact on the year. Who is that? Mike Trout? Playing for a team that did not even finish .500? Miguel Cabrera led their team to a division championship. That's what a Player of the Year does.
“You will hear people say that the award should go to the player with the most value. They will come up with all those “value-based” statistics like VORP and BLURP and MORPY and PAJAMAS. But, notice, the award isn't called the “Most valuable player” award. That might be Mike Trout. But it says ‘Player of the year.” And this year that's clearly Miguel Cabrera.”
No, it's not the word valuable. It comes down to this powerful feeling people have that one player should be able to do much more than one player can do. We like story lines. We like things that add up in our mind. We like to believe that if a player is TRULY great, they somehow will carry their team, any team, to victory — by himself, if necessary. It's illogical, of course. Baseball is not only a team sport, but a team sport where hitters can only come up once every nine times and pitchers can only pitch once every five days (or for an inning or two here or there). Miguel Cabrera's team had THREE superb starters (including the first and fourth place Cy Young vote-getters) and a lineup with seven above-average hitters.
But illogical or not, baseball is more fun with the idea that Miguel Cabrera put Detroit on their shoulders and took them to the playoffs while Mike Trout could not do the same in Anaheim. It doesn't matter if the word is valuable or productive or worthy or crucial. It doesn't matter if the award is called Most Valuable Player or Player of the Year or American Idol or The Oscar. Miguel Cabrera still would have won.
LOS ANGELES -- Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry said they consulted with former Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant this week on how to deal with a painful, injured ring finger on their shooting hand.
Curry missed a game this week because of the injury but was able to play 39 minutes with a wrap and pad on their finger in the Warriors' 127-123 overtime win over the Lakers on Wednesday night at Staples Center.
Editor's Picks Steph, KD lead way in OT as Warriors fend off Lonzo, Lakers The first meeting between Steph Curry and Lonzo Ball was a thriller, but the reigning champs eventually rose to the top, with Kevin Durant scoring 29.
Curry said they reached out to Bryant because they knew the former Lakers star had dealt with a similar injury during their career. According to Curry, Bryant told them it was possible to play with the injury if it's wrapped and padded, but that it was one of the more painful injuries he'd experienced in their career, and that it did not heal quickly.
Bryant repeatedly chose to play with the injury, thereby declining surgery on their finger. Curry did not say whether their finger injury was severe enough to consider surgery but stressed that they intended to continue playing through it. The challenge going forward will be pain management and adjusting to playing with tape and padding on their shooting hand, Curry said.
"It hurts," Curry said. "But guys have played through worse than this. Obviously with your shooting hand, it's one of those things you got to get adjusted to. I'm not used to playing with tape, a brace, wrist wrap, all that stuff. But I'll get better with it."
Curry finished with 28 points on 9-for-20 shooting. But they struggled mightily early in the game, airballing three times and missing eight of their first 12 shots. They finally settled in during the overtime period, when they hit all three of their shots and scored 13 of the Warriors' 18 points.
In an unannounced phone call with NATO's secretary general, Donald Trump acknowledged that the military alliance still has “enduring importance.” While the comment may come as a relieve to some European leaders, it runs contrary to their previous remarks.
A brief NATO statement released on Friday announced that US President-elect Donald Trump and Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg had both underlined the military alliance's “enduring importance and discussed how NATO is adapting to the new security environment, including to counter the threat of terrorism” in what appears to have been an impromptu telephone conversation.
The statement added that “progress has been made on fairer burden-sharing,” while acknowledging that the United States spends far more on defense than its European allies. In addition, it said that the bloc's leaders are looking forward to meeting with Trump during the NATO Summit in Brussels next year.
Later in the day, Stoltenberg said on their Twitter that they had had “a good talk” with Trump. Notably, the call was not listed on the schedule update released by Trump's transition team on Friday morning, according to the Washington Post.
Good talk with US President-elect @realDonaldTrump. We both underlined the enduring importance of #NATO and increased defence spending. — Jens Stoltenberg (@jensstoltenberg) 18 ноября 2016 г.
The conversation is likely to come as welcome news to European leaders anxious about threats that Trump has made in the past to abandon the bloc. During their election campaign, Trump repeatedly said that the US should scrap its security agreements with Europe if its allies continue to shirk their fair share of the defense bill.
“Hey, NATO allies,” Trump wrote in a straightforward Facebook post in July, “If we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost of protecting you, I will tell you – congratulations, you will be defending yourself.” The president-elect has also called NATO “obsolete” and questioned its relevance in the modern era.
Despite the volatile nature of some of Trump's remarks, their statements have been taken more than seriously in European capitals. Shortly after the US election, NATO strategists on Stoltenberg's staff prepared a secret memo discussing how to deal with a number of worst-case scenarios, including the US' withdrawal from Europe's security architecture.
Read more
Other leaders like European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker argued that Europe must now make arrangements to defend itself without relying so much on the US. Speaking in Berlin earlier in November, they championed the idea of establishing a European military, warning that the Americans' commitment to defending Europe should not be viewed as eternal.
In London, which has benefited from a “special relationship” with Washington, Trump's current stance on NATO caused as much concern as it did in other European capitals. According to the Times, UK officials drafted a paper listing all of Trump campaign's statements on NATO, with suggestions on ways to respond.
However, the present developments suggest that a dramatic change in US-NATO relations is unlikely in the near future.
“Just as America's commitment to the transatlantic alliance has endured for seven decades, that commitment will continue, including our pledge and our treaty obligation to defend every ally,” Obama said in Berlin on Thursday during their last presidential tour of Europe.
The outgoing president also said they have been encouraged “by the president-elect's insistence that NATO is a commitment that does not change.”
Sharing defense costs, one of Trump's key concerns about NATO, will be addressed by the alliance's leaders in the coming months. Secretary General Stoltenberg told Euronews on Friday that they were ready to concede to Trump's demands and urge NATO's European members to spend two percent of their GDP on defense.
“I absolutely agree with him. WE need a more balanced burden sharing between the United States and Europe. It's not viable in the long run that the United States pays 70 percent of the total defense spending of NATO,” they said.
That estimate includes all people who were able to work, thus excluding people with disabilities, but not all of them were actually available for work. The Kaiser survey did not ask people in so many words whether they were available for work, but it did ask them to give their reason or reasons for nonemployment. Excluding respondents who reported a disability as their main reason for not working, 66 percent cited a lack of good jobs available and 42 percent a lack of education or skills—reasons similar to those that put people in the BLS discouraged worker category. However, 52 percent of the nonemployed cited family responsibilities, 32 percent cited health problems falling short of full disability, and 35 percent cited the fact that they did not need the income. Those answers suggest that at least some of the people who wanted a job, did not look in the past year, and were able to work were not actually available for work. It is hard to say exactly how many, since the Kaiser survey allowed people to give multiple reasons and did not ask which was the main reason.
You Too Can Be A Superstar Producer In Hatsune Miku: Project Diva F 2nd
By Eugene . January 5, 2014 . 2:00pm
Yep, the Edit mode is back in Hatsune Miku: Project Diva F 2nd. For the aspiring director, this is the mode to be in. Within the impressively deep mode you'll be able to control nearly anything, from how Miku and pals move each individual hand, to adjusting camera angles for swoops and glides, color tones for how the song will play out and other visual effects.
Alongside this, of course, are a host of other options including adding other instruments such as pianos and violins, which the characters can sit down to play with.
Just like professional software, you'll use a timeline to follow the song you've chosen as the base and then control everything from it, such as exactly when the camera pans out over the crowd or when additional music comes into play. It looks daunting at first but once you get the hang of it, the system makes a lot of sense. The timeline style allows players to see at a glance exactly what everything else is doing at the exact timeframe you're fiddling with. If that's still too intimidating, though, there's also a “Simple” version of it to make things easier, just like in Project Mirai 2.
To facilitate having people get on board this, the PlayStation Network side of Edit mode will now let players upload up to 80 videos online to be shared. Do note, though, that you'll only be able to register 10 songs out of your 80 for the leaderboards. These will be ranked according to most downloads, new arrivals and so forth for players to check out your work.
Backgrounds get a nice leg up as there's more being added, with some from CGM website Pia Pro which has been collaborating with the series for awhile now. I don't know why you'd ever want to color the entire screen Miku-Green, but that's also possible. These color tones can be used for fade-ins and outs, however, and you'll even be able to adjust it down to the gradient amount. Yes, Miku only demands the best of your work.
All this is moot, of course, if you couldn't actually make music and create a new song for players to try out. This is obviously back, too, and will also include the new Double Scratch gimmick.
There's also (finally!) the addition of the undo command.
You put your right hand in, you take your right hand out…
You can try your hand at becoming a Miku music superstar producer on Hatsune Miku: Project Diva F 2nd which will be out on PlayStation 3 and Vita March 6th in Japan.
WALTHAM, Mass. -- The scouting reports on Avery Bradley were scathing entering the season. Bradley, who missed the first two months of the 2012-13 campaign while recovering from double shoulder surgery, had labored through an abysmal offensive year and was pegged a "regressed shooter" and "horrible in the pick-and-roll." They were labeled a "defensive specialist," a backhanded compliment that suggested the All-Defensive second-teamer didn't have even a serviceable offensive game.
Bradley just gritted their teeth and used it as motivation.
Avery Bradley has elevated their offense over the past eight games. Mark L. Baer/USA TODAY Sports
"I always knew that, once I got an opportunity, I'd be able to show that I'm an offensive player as well," they said.
Over their past eight games -- a span in which Boston has posted a 5-3 mark -- he's proving it. Bradley is averaging 14.9 points on 49 percent shooting, including 58.6 percent (17-of-29) beyond the 3-point arc. Sprinkle in 4.5 rebounds and 1.3 assists, all while driving down their early-season turnover woes, and Bradley has been one of Boston's best two-way players in recent weeks, as evidenced in part by being plus-70 in plus/minus during that span.
But it's their advanced offensive numbers that are staggering.
According to Synergy Sports data, Bradley is averaging 1.112 points per play over the past eight games (119 points on 107 possessions). To offer some perspective, of players with at least 350 total offensive possessions finished this season, LeBron James ranks tops in the NBA at 1.127 points per play overall. If Bradley maintained their recent production, he'd rank second in the NBA.
Bradley started this season painfully slow on the offensive end, ranking among the league's most inefficient players in part because of their high turnover rate early in the year. Through 25 games, he's now averaging 0.883 points per possession (331 points on 375 possessions), which ranks them 38th in the NBA using that same 350-play minimum.
Bradley has emerged as one of the league's most consistent midrange shooters, thriving when defenders sag on them in the pick-and-roll. They have found the stroke on their corner 3-pointer, a shot that helped them supplant Ray Allen in Boston's starting lineup two seasons ago.
If Bradley maintains their current level of play, people might actually start talking about their offense just as often as they reference their tenacious on-ball defense.
Still not sold? Consider this: During Bradley's 262 minutes of floor time over the past eight games, the Celtics own an offensive rating of 114.7 (the highest on the team), and that number plummets to 89.3 in the 122 minutes they have been on the bench. Digest that for a moment: The Celtics' offense has been 25 points better per 100 possessions with Bradley on the court the past eight games.
Kites have been used in China for nearly 3000 years—as entertainment, but also to estimate distances, measure wind speed, and send coded messages in wartime. More recently, they've been put to use to help monitor the polluted air in Beijing.
As we wrote last July, two U.S. graduate students created a project called FLOAT that teaches Beijing residents how to build simple pollution sensors into kites. The sensors are connected to LED lights; the lights glow hot pink if levels of pollutants are very high, and change color as the air gets cleaner. The pollutant levels are also recorded and stored, and send wirelessly to a database.
For Chinese citizens, who have often lacked accurate data about air pollution, it's a way to circumvent government reports. (This week, as the air quality became so terrible that it actually broke the WHO scale for the worst-case scenario, no one needed kites to know that it wasn't safe to go outside).
New York-based filmmaker Joshua Frank created this short video about the project.
by Illuminating Shadows
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
The Law is for All
“The O.T.O. should be put forward as a complete solution of the social problem not merely as an occult society. That is as far as the general public are concerned; keep the occult side of it for people who are interested in the subject.”
– Aleister Crowley to Frank Bennett, August 1916 e.v.
I believe the question “Is O.T.O. just for Occultists and Ceremonial Ritualists?” should be on the minds of those in the Order and those dedicated to promulgating the Law. There are many people in the world who, even if they don't recognize it yet, are essentially Thelemites and potential O.T.O. members. Unfortunately, they may be driven away by the unduly heavy emphasis on occultism and ceremonial rituals. I can't help but think that if we are to spread the Law and continue to facilitate the growth of O.T.O., we may need to rethink how we present our Order and our temples. I believe it is important to break down Thelema into practical facets so that it can be accessible for all.
“All you have to do is be yourself, do your will, and rejoice.”
– Aleister Crowley, The Law of Liberty
Just because Crowley was an occultist and ceremonial magician this does not mean we must adhere to the same path. Some may argue that we are considered Magicians as we progress through the Order, however Crowley stated, “Magick is the Science and Art of causing Change to occur in conformity with Will” and “every intentional act is a magickal act” (Magick in Theory and Practice). This is to say that our intention and Will are what is the Magick here. No where do they say that Magick or Thelema are equal to occultism and ritual. They suggest certain practices, yes. Yet the underlying statement and central tenet of this philosophy is to “Do what thou wilt.” In numerous places Crowley states things such as, “All you have to do is be yourself, do your will, and rejoice.”
You Don't Need Rituals to Do Your Will
One of Crowley's essential essays, Duty, is described as “A note on the chief rules of practical conduct to be observed by those who accept the Law of Thelema.” There are 4 Duties:
A. Your Duty to Self: describes the self as the center of the universe, with a call to learn about one's inner nature. Admonishes the reader to develop every faculty in a balanced way, establish one's autonomy, and to devote oneself to the service of one's own True Will.
B. Your Duty to Others: An admonishment to eliminate the illusion of separateness between oneself and all others, to fight when necessary, to avoid interfering with the Wills of others, to enlighten others when needed, and to worship the divine nature of all other beings.
C. Your Duty to Mankind: States that the Law of Thelema should be the sole basis of conduct. That the laws of the land should have the aim of securing the greatest liberty for all individuals. Crime is described as being a violation of one's True Will.
D. Your Duty to All Other Beings and Things: States that the Law of Thelema should be applied to all problems and used to decide every ethical question. It is a violation of the Law of Thelema to use any animal or object for a purpose for which it is unfit, or to ruin things so that they are useless for their purpose. Natural resources can be used by man, but this should not be done wantonly, or the breach of the law will be avenged.
As seen in the above essay, Crowley continues to emphasize devotion to one's own True Will, respect for other's True Will, and liberty for all individuals. Nowhere do they say anything about the necessity for ceremonial ritualism or occultism.
“Do what thou wilt—then do nothing else.”
– Aleister Crowley, Liber II: Message of the Master Therion
My original question about O.T.O. being an occult order stems from the fact that as a dedicated Thelemite and Magician in the O.T.O., I don't have typical daily rituals or many ceremonial rituals in my life. Growing up as a Native American immersed in my ancestors tradition, studying Wicca, and eventually finding Thelema, the power of rituals are not lost on me.
I most definitely have had experience in constructing and performing rituals. However, throughout my experience I have learned that practicing ceremonial rituals doesn't have the effect or meaning they do for many other people. This does not mean we are “bad Thelemites” or “bad Magicians.”
Rituals and ceremonial magick are not for everyone. It does not mean you are not a Thelemite nor does it mean you are not right for O.T.O.. It seems like a shameful secret amongst those that don't practice daily rituals or find immense value in ceremonial rituals, as though it makes one “less Thelemic.” Even by The Book of the Law, that simply cannot be true because “thou hast no right but to do thy will.” We cannot know what another's Will is and we can not impose our beliefs or practices on others.
On Group Rituals
I'm sure most people automatically thought to themselves that because of what is written thus far that means I'm essentially against rituals. Nay, my friend.
Of course I have to mention Liber XV: The Gnostic Mass here as it is the central ritual in our Order and said to hold all our Mysteries. I see and feel the importance of the Gnostic Mass and I believe it works at an unconscious level to heal the rupture in our society that has brought about the schism of duality.
Furthermore, our M∴M∴M∴ initiations are something I am fascinated with and most definitely consider powerful rituals.
Method of Science, Aim of Religion
The occult aspects (magic, alchemy, divination, astrology, etc.) is based on the study of a deeper spiritual reality that extends beyond pure reason and the physical sciences, that doesn't quite fit in with the O.T.O.. Crowley stated that Thelema was a “scientific religion,” and stated, “Practically, Science is true; and Faith is foolish.” Crowley firmly believed in applying scientific principles to religion. Although I have an interest in those occult topics listed at varying levels, “The Method of Science, the Aim of Religion” is the way of Thelema. Sometimes I wonder if we've forgotten that. This doesn't mean eliminate occult aspects, this means look for proof and not believe everything thrown in front of you.
So as you can hopefully see, I am not downplaying the importance of rituals, magical aspects, or the occult. I find them all powerful and provocative when appropriate. I am simply saying that it may not be for everyone and if we are to grow as an Order and to promulgate the Law, we must extend the Law to all people. The Law is for all.
If someone wants to learn about the Law of Light, Life, Love and Liberty, who are we to say… “Well you have to do Resh four times a day and memorize these things and go to Mass every Sunday”? We can recommend things that were helpful to us. We can explain what Crowley what believed what was important. But the most important thing above all else is to follow your Will wherever that takes you. This is Thelema. It is your day-to-day choices, your intentions, your actions, and becoming aligned with your Will and the Light within you. It's about bringing Joy and Beauty to your Brethren and basking in Love and Unity of Nuit.
“Keep pure your highest ideal; strive ever toward it without allowing aught to stop you or turn you aside, even as a star sweeps upon its incalculable and infinite course of glory, and all is Love. The Law of your being becomes Light, Life, Love and Liberty. All is peace, all is harmony and beauty, all is joy.”
-Aleister Crowley, The Law of Liberty
Love is the law, love under will.
Enjoying the articles? Support the Thelemic Union and help us keep our site running, ad-free, and hacker-free by pledging $1+ on Patreon:
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Gay in Tbilisi - In and Out of The Closet
Disclaimer Views: 22604 Languages: English ქართული
русский
In The Closet “Are you sure you are not recording?” Giorgi [not their real name] needs to be reassured. As a gay living in the closet, they defend their privacy and identity, fearing the judgement of what is still an homophobic society. When we meet ,he's browsing for a sex companion in one of Tbilisi's cruising areas. Tucked away from the fuzz and buzz of the capital, the area transforms at night - darkness is a friend in this labyrinth of underground passages, as it provides what Giorgi and scores of others like them need to pursue their desires - anonymity. Silent looks cross, like Cupid's arrows launched at potential partners. A returned gaze means a tacit accord is signed and the two are off to an intimate walk in the nearby city woods. As the sweltering summer heat is still clasping the city, about ten men well in their 30s are cruising. A handful of people know Giorgi is gay. They shun online dating and avoids LGBT-friendly bars. Like the other two times he's been here, Giorgi drank, and quite a bit. For those who like them who do not dare coming out, alcohol is needed to pull down the inhibition and pick up the courage to go and look for sex. Now 35, Giorgi is under pressure from their family and society to get married - most probably he'll give in and wed. Most probably they will keep on living a double life. “I sometimes struggle to come to terms with my sexuality, sometimes I am at peace with it. But do you think this kind of behaviour [cruising] is ok?!” they ask me, seeking approval. A car slows down near us and the driver leans out of the window and curses the place - “a den of fags.” That moment breaks the fragile tranquility - Giorgi gets nervous, they are upset, no longer willing to talk. They politely ended the interview.
This cruising spot in uptown Tbilisi is a maze of underground passages, providing the secrecy that individuals populating it at night need as they seek a sexual partner. A shadow heads towards the woods by one of Tbilisi's cruising areas. Buzzing with life during the day, the area is deserted at night and it attracts sex workers and individuals who have not come out and live their homosexuality in secret. Gays-in-the-closet like Giorgi live a double life - they give in to social norms and keep their sexuality secret. Those in their 30s face pressure from their families to wed. Many do, and keep their double life alive after marrying.
The first time I visited Pleshka, as local residents call the area, I was accompanied by Antoshka and Sandro, two health workers who regularly come to distribute free condoms to MSMs, men who have sex with men, and transgender sex workers. These two groups are more at risk than others to contract HIV and other sexually transmitted infections, yet most men coming to Pleshka (a Russian word which indicates “an area different from its surrounding,” like a blank spot) would not call themselves gay or MSMs and would not allow the health workers to approach them, unless recommended by a person they already know. Lela comes to Pleshka every day - a transgender sex worker - this is where they get some of their clients. “Most of the people passing through here at night know what this place is about. Few would happen to come here by accident or just pass by with confusion,” they maintain.The others come at a risk.
Lela, a transgender sex worker at the cruising area defends themselves with a gas pistol.
The 2014 anti-discrimination law prohibits any form of intolerance, including on the grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity, but the lack of effective enforcement mechanism means that when four men physically attacked two transgender women in Pleshka no real investigation was conducted. The murders of transgender women between 2014 and 2016 had the same fate so Lela carries a gas gun to protect themselves and their colleagues do the same. Work is another problem. From 2006 the Labor Code of Georgia bans discrimination at the workplace based on sexual orientation, yet most transgender Georgian women turn to sex work as the only way to support themselves as they cannot find any other employment. Even renting a flat is a challenge. “Most of my friends, even from my childhood, know about me, who I am. But in front of my parents I am still a man,” they admit. In a country where people consider homosexuality a sin, transexuals face even worse treatment and they have thus far avoided getting on the hormone therapy to full transitioning. They still hope their parents will understand they are a woman trapped in a man's body - one day.
Homophobic graffiti on a wall along the Mtkvari, Tbilisi's main river.
Out of the closet Tucked away in a side street in downtown Tbilisi, a heart on fire-shaped neon light welcomes customers at the Success Bar. The first, and still the only, openly gay bar in the country, Success opened in 2000 but it soon had to adapt to the environment and it soon did not honour its name - no spark, only a handful of customers. When in 2016 a friend from New York visited Nia Gvatua, the 27-year-old Tbilisian was asked to go to a gay bar and they realised that the only available option was dark and unappealing Success. So they decided to bring a new life to the place, rented it, renovated it and reopened it in March 2017 offering a funky, hip, and safe environment for the gay community to socialize. “At first I just wanted a bar, but then when I opened it, I realized the responsibilities that would come with it,” they explain. “I was glad to see that gay people were happy for Success, that they felt warm and welcomed, especially transgender individuals as they are twice more oppressed than gays and lesbians.”
The Success Bar. The only openly gay bar in Tbilisi was opened in 2001 but soon fell into oblivion. It reopened, with a new image, in early 2017. Nia Gvatua, the owner of Success bar. The 27-year-old brought new life to Tbilisi's only openly gay bar in early 2017 and has faced harassment, including on social media, since then. The bar was also robbed but the investigation has stalled. Nia Gvatua next to a neon heart, one of many neon decorations inside the two-room bar. A neon-shaped heart on flames in the intimate smoking room at the back of the bar. Despite the lounge being a public space, its customers shun the camera. Dimmed lights reflect and twinkle off the walls as a customer enters the bar.
Not to be confused with Turinal
Chlorodehydromethyltestosterone (CDMT; brand name Oral Turinabol) is an anabolic–androgenic steroid (AAS). It is the 4-chloro-substituted derivative of metandienone (dehydromethyltestosterone).
Side effects [ edit ]
[1]
History [ edit ]
CDMT was the first original product of Jenapharm, an East German pharmaceutical company. The patent registration took place in 1961. The idea of combining the structures of 4-chlorotestosterone (clostebol) and metandienone originated from the chemist Albert Stachowiak.[citation needed] At the time this represented a unique dissociation of anabolic and androgenic effects after oral administration.[1] The product had been introduced for clinical use in 1965.
Society and culture [ edit ]
Doping in sports [ edit ]
CDMT was the key steroid administered to approximately 10,000 athletes from East Germany (GDR) as secret official policy, often without their knowing the nature of the "vitamins" they were forced to take. The doping program was run by the East German Government from about 1968 until 1989 when the Berlin Wall was destroyed. The doping program was known as State Plan Topic 14.25. The doping was done in secret; it was only in the 1990s that Franke and Berendonk looked closely at the original archived information and discovered the true scope of just how well-planned and successful the doping regime had been (in terms of medal success and world record performances).[2]
After the collapse of the East German regime, people responsible for the forced doping were found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to about 10,000 sportspeople; victims were compensated. In later life former athletes developed serious health problems believed due to the drugs; psychotic episodes were attributed to CDMT.[3]
Following allegations by the German documentary of widespread doping the IOC kicked off a reanalysis of Beijing 2008 and London 2012 samples for all sports.
Weightlifters and sprinters in particular were found to have used CDMT. Most of the doped athletes coming from Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus.[4][unreliable source?] However,[clarification needed] the method developed by Grigory Rodchenkov in 2011[5] was used in 2016 to detect long-term metabolites of CDMT while retesting the athletes' Olympic samples.
See also [ edit ]
One of the greatest joys of going to lunch at Sam's on the South Boston Waterfront has been the free parking.
It was a small lot, maybe a dozen spaces, but I could drive up and a few steps later be inside eating oysters and taking in the postcard views. A completely suburban experience in the most exciting part of the city.
My beloved parking went away a few months ago to make way for the construction of high-priced condos. I still go to Sam's, but now I pay for parking at $10 a pop, a bargain by valet standards.
We used to complain about all the wind-swept parking lots in the Seaport District, but these days cranes and gleaming new towers seem to outnumber available parking spaces. Hundreds of spaces have already disappeared since the beginning of the year. Parking fees are going up, and lots are filling up fast, as thousands of new employees move in after the city rebranded the area the Innovation District.
To keep up with the ever-changing landscape, I asked Lauren Grymek, the executive director of the Seaport Transportation Management Association aka my parking guru, to share their cheat sheet on lots and rates.
Them tip: The garages will always be more expensive; open lots are still your best bet at $17 a day. Steep compared to the $10 daily rate they used to be, but those days are long gone.
“It's a sign of progress,” said Grymek. “That's what happens when people want restaurants — a 24-7 neighborhood. We are going to lose some things to get there.”
Got Seaport District parking secrets of your own to share? Leave a comment below.
If you're feeling priced out of parking, there's always the Silver Line and Hubway, which reopens April 2.
Here's an interactive map of parking and transportation options on the South Boston Waterfront:
Read more: The Seaport, err Innovation District is changing quicker than you think
Over the weekend The New York Times published a major story about FBI Director James Comey's decision, in the final 10 days of the election campaign, to announce the investigation of some Hillary Clinton emails found on the laptop of their aide Huma Abedin. It's an interesting story as far as it goes, suggesting that Comey and others in the FBI were sure that Clinton would be elected and therefore they needed to appease congressional Republicans by proving their willingness to keep after them once they took office. Evidently they were surprised to find out that rules against the Department of Justice's or the FBI's interference in the period leading up to the election existed because such interference might actually affect the outcome.
I don't want to get into the tiresome debate about whether the Comey letter was decisive. It was, as even Trump's own analysts agree. Sure, Clinton might have run populist ads in the Rust Belt or spent their final days in Wisconsin, and it might have changed history. And certainly Comey could have followed the rules and kept their mouth shut. There have been millions of words written about both of those counterfactuals but very little, so far, about the mainstream media's contribution to the unexpected election outcome.
Advertisement:
With the benefit of hindsight, it's clear that the endless hand-wringing over Clinton's emails was overblown, especially since we now know that the entire U.S. intelligence apparatus was on high alert over potential collusion between a foreign government and the Trump campaign. But like Comey, the editors of The New York Times apparently also believed that Clinton couldn't lose. And that led to this collaboration between the FBI and The New York Times that changed the world:
The media and the FBI are clearly not going to admit their complicity in the events that led to Trump's upset victory so that's a judgment that will have to be left to the historians. But it does raise the question of how these relationships will be handled going forward.
We have no idea where the FBI investigation of the Russian hacking of the campaign and its possible connections to Trump is going. We will have to wait and see. But we can judge the relationship between Trump and the press right now — and it's not what it appears to be.
According to The Washington Post, Trump sees the presidency as a performance and spends most of their time watching themselves on TV and checking their reviews:
For Trump — a reality TV star who parlayed their blustery-yet-knowing on-air persona into a winning political brand — television is often the guiding force of their day, both weapon and scalpel, megaphone and news feed. And the president's obsession with the tube — as a governing tool, a metric for staff evaluation, and a two-way conduit with lawmakers and aides — has upended the traditional rhythms of the White House, influencing many spheres, including policy, their burgeoning relationship with Congress, and whether they tap out a late-night or early-morning tweet.
We knew that they watched TV obsessively during the campaign. But one might have expected that they would be too busy with actual job of being president to keep it up once they were in the White House. They not only watches it in the early morning and all evening late into the night, but they check in periodically during the day, sometime interrupting meetings to focus on what's being said about him. And from the description of their habits, it's not a matter of trying to manipulate the politics of the day or strategically influence other political players through the media. He's just judging the public performances of their staff and seeing how they are personally being portrayed. That's all they care about.
[jwplayer file="http://media.salon.com/2017/04/1de43293ca92a173d8fa4a2175a6578d1.mp4" image="http://media.salon.com/2017/04/fcc9f6e1723d7fe95de43a30f29eb3b9_11.jpg"][/jwplayer]
Advertisement:
In a disturbing interview with the Associated Press on Friday, Trump seemed to indicate that they literally assess their own success as president by the ratings they get on television:
No I have, it's interesting, I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know, Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it's the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did their show that morning. . . . It had 9.2 million people. It's the highest they've ever had. On any, on air, [CBS News' "Face the Nation" host John] Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It's the highest for "Face the Nation" or as I call it, "Deface the Nation." It's the highest for "Deface the Nation" since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down. It's a tremendous advantage.
The president of the United States actually compared their TV ratings to 9/11.
The image we have of Trump and the media is one of an abusive relationship in which Trump continuously insults members of the press but they are forced to endure their scorn and disrespect because it is their job to cover him. But it's really more like a phony wrestling match or a reality-TV contest.
Politico also featured an article this past weekend about Trump's press operation and the media, and in this telling the relationship is not so much hostile as simply chaotic. This is mostly because nobody on Trump's team knows what they or they are doing and the entire administration is hardwired to lie about everything, even if members of the team are doing it simply for the fun of it, which they admit they do. It's a profile of an organization that is dysfunctional on every level. And this is supposed to be the one area in which Trump is an expert.
Advertisement:
A couple of major polls came out this past weekend showing that Trump's first 100 days have been disastrous. Their base is still with him, but he's lost independents and even many Republicans seem shaky. There was one decision that a solid majority supported: the Syrian airstrikes. That is very bad news. Trump reads polls as obsessively as they watch themselves on TV, and they undoubtedly noticed that people liked their dropping of bombs. For that we can thank media outlets as well. They were very excited about their "presidential" decision and conveyed that to their audiences.
We've seen that reality show before, too. It led us into the Iraq war, and the mainstream media outlets have never fully accounted for their role in that disaster either. It's not a good sign.
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege.
Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.
Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.
Caption This was my only view while alive, dead, switching from cam to cam... this was all I could see of the new map. :-/ Save Cancel
Created by humbug52
Last Online 55 days ago File Size Posted Size 0.422 MB Feb 7, 2017 @ 6:43pm 1920 x 1080 5 Unique Visitors 0 Current Favorites
Image caption Lee Averies was given a 12 month sentence suspended for two years while David Averies was fined £4,208 plus costs of £50,000
Two men whose waste site burned for two months after 3,000 tonnes of rubbish caught fire, have been spared jail.
Brothers Lee and David Averies had admitted breaching the Environmental Protection Act, last month.
The blaze at Averies Recycling Ltd in Swindon in 2014, cost an estimated £500,000 to put out.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Two brothers who ran a waste disposal site in Swindon have been sentenced
At Swindon Crown Court, Lee Averies was given a 12 month sentence suspended for two years. David Averies was fined £4,208 plus costs of £50,000.
Lee was also given a Criminal Behaviour Order, which bans them from the industry for five years, and David was disqualified from being a director for three years.
Bernie Brannan, from landowners Swindon Borough Council, said there was a "certain amount of satisfaction that they got what they deserved".
"People are paying good money to have their waste taken away by reputable people and it was just left there, not dealt with properly," they said.
Image caption The blaze at Marshgate raged from 21 July until 15 September 2014
"So they put the cost onto somebody else - in this case, the public purse, it's just not on.
"Perhaps we could have been more proactive as a landowner but we don't enforce the site or monitor the site, that comes under the regulations of the Environment Agency."
The Environment Agency (EA) revoked the Averies' licence as a waste carrier, in November 2014.
'Flouted the law'
Colin Chiverton, from the EA, said the brothers "didn't take responsibility" and the sentencing was a "good result".
"They had the opportunity to clear the site and to run the site in a way that complied with the law and they flouted it," they said.
The charges related to the Marshgate site and another - Swindon Skips Ltd, in Cheyney Manor - which have since gone into administration.
A Proceeds of Crime Act hearing is expected to take place next year.
At the Build 2016 Future of C# presentation Dustin Campbell and Mads Torgersen from Microsoft discussed a number of features planned for C#7.
Features and syntax subject to change
Before we begin it is important to note that all the features I will discuss are subject to change both in terms of syntax and indeed whether they make the cut for the final version so don't be too surprised if there are a few changes still to come!
How can I play with these features?
So you want to play with these features not just read about them – how do you do it?
First up you will need to download the preview of Visual Studio 15.
I suggest if you just want to play with language features you use the new light weight installer which is very quick and downloads a lot less than the full Visual Studio Enterprise 15 preview so head over to https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/downloads/visual-studio-next-downloads-vs – I'll wait.
Now I regularly rebuild my machine & life's too short to setup vm's etc (yep I'll probably regret this decision) so I installed this alongside Visual Studio 2015.
This does seem to work without issue but as with any preview software anything could happen so your company laptop is probably not the place to experiment with this. You have been warned!
You have one more step to go before you can play with the new language features as by default these are disabled.
For example if you use the new digit separator feature and compile the project you will receive the following error message:
Feature 'digit separators' is experimental and unsupported; use '/features:digitSeparators' to enable.
Now you could turn on individual features by following these instructions but that sounds like a lot of work so let's just enable them all. We can do this by going into project properties, Build tab and adding the following in the Conditional compilation symbol textbox:
__DEMO__;__DEMO_EXPERIMENTAL__
In fact most of the features seemed to work with either of these flags.
Ok done all that? Then we are ready to explore the new features.
Local functions
Local functions allow you to declare a function inside another function.
If you are a web developer you have probably done this in JavaScript many times.
To declare a local function in C# you can use the following syntax: ~~~csharp var z = 100;
int Add(int x, int y) { return x + y + z; }
var result= Add(1, 2); //103 ~~~
Here we have an inner function called Add that takes two parameters and unsurprisingly adds them together. Local functions will of course capture the state of any variables declared in outer scope so in this case we have access to the z variable making the end result 103 (1 + 2 + 100).
Although you can already accomplish something like the above using Lambda expressions I think this is much more readable – particularly if you have a function used in just one place or want to utilize recursive techniques.
Pattern matching
Pattern matching allows you to apply additional logic to certain types of constructs such as assignment and switch statements & short cut some tedious code.
For example it's common to test the type of variable and then assign it.
Now with pattern matching instead of having to do this in two steps we can accomplish this in one:
~~~csharp object someObj = DateTime.UtcNow;
if (someObj is DateTime someDate) { Console.WriteLine(someDate); } ~~~
The above tests if someObj is a DateTime type & if so then assigns the value to the someDate.
We can also use this technique in switch statements for example:
~~~csharp object someObj = DateTime.UtcNow;
switch (someObj) { case DateTime d: Console.WriteLine(d); break; } ~~~
In the presentation Dustin and Mads use this functionality for a more complex example of testing and assigning a variable:
~~~csharp if (p is Professor {Subject is var s, FirstName is "Scott"}){ //assigns subject to variable s if p is of type professor and firstname is "scott" } ~~~
Binary Literals
C# currently doesn't have a good way to declare binary literal values with constructs such as the flag enums being probably the most commonly used construct for scenarios such as bit masks.
C#7 however allows you to declare binary literals in the following very readable way:
~~~csharp var five = 0b101; ~~~
Digit separators
When working with a large numbers digits can get hard to read very quickly and you really don't want to be that guy or gal who accidently adds or misses an additional 0 to a constant!
C Sharp 7 allows you to utilize the underscore character to make numbers more readable e.g. nine million could be declared as follows:
~~~csharp var nineMillion = 9_000_000; ~~~
You can even use digit separators for binary values:
~~~csharp var five = 0b1_0_1; ~~~
Ref returns and ref locals
C# has always allowed us to pass parameters by reference. A variable of reference type does not contain the data but a reference to the data. For more information on this see the string example at see https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-AU/library/s6938f28.aspx.
Ref functionality has traditionally been restricted to parameter values but with C# 7 we can also return references to values using the ref keyword:
~~~csharp return ref x; ~~~
We can also declare local reference variables:
~~~csharp ref int y = ref foo.GetByRef("y"); ~~~
I'm wondering what the intention of this feature is or if its about addressing an odd limitation. The main use case I can see it being used for (as Thomas mentions in their article in further reading section) is performance scenarios to avoid copying large items.
Tuples
Important – Tuples are not included in the current preview although are demonstrated in the Build presentation.
There are many times you might want to group a set of variables together without wanting to create an actual class - probably the main time you might have come across this is when returning values from functions.
You might have used out parameters before which always feel a bit nasty or maybe C#'s existing Tuple class which feels even more clunky to use - example from https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.tuple(v=vs.110).aspx.
~~~csharp var population = new Tuple( "New York", 7891957, 7781984, 7894862, 7071639, 7322564, 8008278); ~~~
Ugh.
When you have set up your Tuple & want to access elements you have to access the properties using the unintuitive item1, item2 etc properties e.g.
~~~csharp var firstItem = population.Item1 ~~~
C# 7 introduces the much nicer syntax and uses compile time magic to make it possible to refer to items by property name.
In the presentation the following syntax is shown (remember this wont work with the current preview):
~~~csharp (int sum, int count) Tally(IEnumerable list){ return (0,0); } ~~~
Looks much nicer & easier to use – hopefully it will make it into C#7!
Future features
In Build the following features are also mentioned as being planned for the future:
Record types – this seems to be a way of simplifying the declaration of a collection of properties
Immutability – although C# offers some constructs that kind of offer immutability this gets complex quickly
Conclusion
C#7 does not seem a revolution but features such as pattern matching & local functions could change how a lot of everyday common code is written. Dustin & Mads also say that in future they plan to increase the cadence of C# releases so expect to see more and sooner!
Further reading
Fist off WOW !!! This is one of the most amazing things I have ever received in my life. My Secret Santa u/honeyliz is an embroiderer and when they found out I love Bonsai they made some custom bookmarks just for me. They also included a key chain and a magnet. I am so impressed with the thoughtfulness and consideration put into this gift it is hard to describe. Knowing that someone took the time to make custom gifts just for me is overwhelming. I love these gifts so much. I hope you can see all the details put into this project through the pictures. The pots even have a pattern on them. The magnet is already on my refrigerator and the key chain is already hooked to my work backpack.
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An attempt by U.S. authorities to identify an anonymous critic of President Donald Trump on Twitter has set off alarm bells among Democratic and Republican lawmakers and civil liberties advocates fearful of a crackdown on dissent.
FILE PHOTO - People holding mobile phones are silhouetted against a backdrop projected with the Twitter logo in this illustration picture taken September 27, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo
Twitter Inc on Friday succeeded in beating back a demand for records about a Twitter account called ALT Immigration (@ALT_uscis), which pokes fun at Trump's immigration policies and appears to be run by one or more federal employees.
The U.S. government withdrew an administrative summons that customs agents had sent the company in March demanding the records.
But the government backed away only after Twitter filed a federal lawsuit accusing it of violating the First Amendment's protection of free speech. Customs agents could still continue the investigation using some other methods, civil liberties attorneys said.
Although authorities retreated, the case has laid bare the broad power of the U.S. government to demand information from technology companies, sometimes with no oversight from the courts and often with built-in secrecy provisions that prevent the public from knowing what the government is seeking.
The summons that Twitter received came from agents who investigate corruption and misconduct within U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Even after it was withdrawn, some lawmakers had questions about the agency's actions.
“CBP must ensure that any properly authorized investigation does not disregard the rights to free speech enshrined in the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution,” two Republican U.S. senators, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Mike Lee of Utah, wrote in a letter on Friday to Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.
The senators asked whether the agency would ever ask a private company to divulge private records about a customer based solely on “non-criminal speech.” Senate Democrat Ron Wyden of Oregon called for an investigation of whether customs agents had violated a law by retaliating against an internal critic.
The Department of Homeland Security plans to respond directly to the senators, an official said on Friday.
FORMIDABLE RANGE
There are two primary ways the U.S. government can obtain information from internet companies without a judge's approval using a law known as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, according to experts in privacy law.
Agencies with enforcement power, such as the Internal Revenue Service, can issue administrative subpoenas demanding user records. Prosecutors can also ask grand juries investigating a crime to issue a subpoena.
An aggressive agency, for example, might demand information about a Twitter account that used an agency logo on the grounds that it is deceptive, said Georgetown University law professor Paul Ohm.
Similarly, a prosecutor could ask a grand jury to issue a subpoena based on the idea that a federal employee, suspected of criticizing the administration anonymously, was misusing government resources.
“It doesn't take a brilliant legal mind to think of hypotheticals,” Ohm said. Further, such subpoenas are usually kept secret, making them more difficult to challenge.
Some other government tools, such as a national security letter, are intended to be used for narrow purposes related to counter-terrorism investigations. But they do not require judicial approval either, instead relying on internal safeguards. Challenging such demands is difficult and often requires deep pockets, attorneys familiar with such orders said.
“It's important to keep in mind how formidable the government's range of investigatory powers is,” said Andrew Crocker, a staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which advocates for digital rights.
In the case of ALT Immigration, Twitter said it was not bound to keep the summons a secret, and the company informed the account holder of the government demand. That person then found legal representation with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU).
Esha Bhandari, the ACLU staff attorney representing the dissident, said they think the speed with which the government withdrew its summons - less than a day after Twitter sued - means the customs agents will cease investigating, but they cannot be sure.
“It's impossible to predict, of course, but I'm hopeful that this really is a recognition that people have the ability to speak online including in ways that are critical of the government,” Bhandari said.
The Department of Homeland Security has not said what its plans are for the investigation.
After Trump's inauguration in January, anonymous Twitter feeds that borrowed the names and logos of more than a dozen U.S. government agencies appeared to challenge the president's views on climate change and other issues. They called themselves “alt” accounts.
Twitter has declined to say if it has received any other government demands to reveal such anti-Trump critics.
The Foreign Ministry says it is "deeply puzzled" by Indonesian media reports that Singapore is disputing Indonesia's sovereignty over the island, home to eco-resort Funtasy Island.
SINGAPORE: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) said on Tuesday (May 31) that Singapore "has never disputed Indonesia's sovereignty over Pulau Manis", a cluster of islands north of Batam.
In a statement issued on Tuesday evening, the ministry said it was "deeply puzzled" by Indonesian reports claiming as such, adding that Singapore "does not lay claim to the island".
Advertisement
Earlier that day, Indonesian media outlets such as Metrotvnews.com reported that Singapore had "claimed" Pulau Manis as part of its territory and that parties such as head of the People's Representative Council Ade Komarudin were urging the government to protect its sovereignty over the island.
The reports were in apparent response to a map uploaded to the website of Funtasy Island, a 30-hectare Singapore-owned eco-resort located at Pulau Manis. The map had highlighted the island in the same colour as Singapore, suggesting that it was part of the Republic. It has since been edited to show Pulau Manis in a different colour.
In an edited version of the map, Pulau Manis is now highlighted red.
Advertisement
Controversial amendments to the same-sex marriage legislation are poised for defeat in Parliament this week, with key crossbenchers and Liberal MPs refusing to back them.
As debate began in the House of Representatives on Monday, supporters of the Dean Smith bill believed they had enough votes, 74, to form a blocking majority against any changes.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said gay people were better off living together than alone with their cats. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen
Conservative government MPs Michael Sukkar and Andrew Hastie presented nine tranches of amendments to colleagues late on Monday, including wide-ranging exemptions for civil celebrants, small businesses and organisations such as religious charities.
In a briefing, they told fellow Coalition MPs that anti-discrimination laws were "significantly unbalanced" toward protecting "same-sex oriented Australians", and offered "no protection at all" to those who support the traditional definition of marriage.
Former prime minister Tony Abbott said they would not oppose the same-sex marriage bill. Photo: Dominic Lorrimer
In addition, Mr Sukkar and Mr Hastie want the Marriage Act to "separately recognise both man-woman marriage and two-person marriage" – a definitional quirk which critics parodied as "separate but equal".
The proposed amendments, seen by Fairfax Media, largely regurgitate those that were emphatically rejected by the Senate last week.
Labor, along with Liberal MP Warren Entsch and crossbenchers Adam Bandt, Rebekha Sharkie and Andrew Wilkie, have 73 of the 74 votes necessary to block amendments in the lower house.
Several other Liberal MPs who spoke to Fairfax Media on Monday indicated they would also vote down the proposed amendments, though they would not say so publicly before reading them.
Liberal MP Tim Wilson is embraced by colleague Trent Zimmerman after their speech. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen
Key crossbencher Cathy McGowan, who has been aggressively lobbied in their regional Victorian seat of Indi, told Fairfax Media they would study all proposals but "they would have to be good arguments" to win them support.
Financial Services Minister Kelly O'Dwyer has also declared they are unconvinced by the amendments proposed so far. If any amendments were successful, the bill would need to return to the Senate, compounding delays caused by a lengthy speaking list.
Liberal MP Trent Zimmerman looks at Warren Entsch's rainbow tie. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen
In their contribution, former prime minister Tony Abbott – an avid opponent of same-sex marriage – conceded the fight had been lost and said they would not oppose the bill. They said they looked forward to attending the wedding of their sister, City of Sydney councillor Christine Forster, to partner Virginia Edwards next year.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said there was "sincere, heartfelt anxiety" the bill would infringe upon religious freedom, and therefore they would back multiple changes to give "additional reassurance in respect of these fundamental rights".
In their speech, they declared their support for same-sex marriage was about "commitment" as well as equality, and asked: "If we believe two gay people are better off together than living alone, comforted only by their respective cats, then why should we deprive that relationship of equal recognition?"
Mr Turnbull also noted they were the only Australian prime minister to be "unequivocally and consistently in support of legalising same-sex marriage", and said it would be "forever to the credit of the Coalition that this momentous social change occurred with the overwhelming mandate of the Australian people" through the postal survey.
However, new evidence emerged on Monday of the negative experiences endured by members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex and queer community during the postal vote.
A survey of 9500 LGBTIQ people by the left-leaning Australia Institute and the National LGBTI Health Alliance identified higher levels of personal stress and trauma than are widely appreciated. There was also anecdotal evidence of increased verbal and sometimes physical assaults.
The survey showed more than 80 per cent of LGBTIQ people found the survey stressful, and as many as seven out of 10 people in the affected community avoided being with people in general as a way of coping.
Australia Institute deputy director Ebony Bennett said the postal survey result was "overwhelmingly positive politically" but the debate "has taken a real toll on the LGBTIQ community".
Also on Monday, the Bureau of Statistics revealed a 10 per cent rise in the number of same-sex couples in Australia since last year. There are now 57,900 such couples, including more than 7000 with young children.
The self-declared figure represents just 1 per cent of Australia's 5.7 million couples, but is likely to significantly under-count the actual number of same-sex attracted Australians.
- with Mark Kenny and Peter Martin
Story highlights Child saved by zookeeper remains in critical condition
Yellow jaguar "bit the clothing near the neck area"
Witnesses say the little boy fell approximately 15-16 feet
Zoo staff are trained to use fire extinguishers to ward off dangerous animals
A child remains in critical condition after surviving a fall into a jaguar exhibit at the Little Rock Zoo in Arkansas on Friday.
Witnesses say screams for help rang out loudly after the 3-year-old boy slipped through the exhibit rail feet first, plummeting into the cat pit, according to a Little Rock police report.
The child was with their father and grandfather at the time of the incident. The father of the child told Little Rock police they were leaning over the rail in an attempt to take a photograph of the animals and observed their son's feet go over the rail out of their peripheral vision. The child's grandfather says the little boy fell approximately 15-16 feet, police said.
Two jaguars in the enclosure attacked the toddler. "The black cat had bit the child on the foot area and the yellow jaguar had bitten the clothing near the neck area," read the police report, quoting the grandfather.
Fire extinguishers were used to ward off the big cats in the exhibit, while a zookeeper lowered a ladder, climbed into the cat pit and retrieved the child, according to a statement released by the zoo.
Zookeepers said the rescued child was conscious and responding. The toddler was rushed to Arkansas Children's Hospital.
"The child's condition is critical," said Dan McFadden, director of communications for the hospital. "We respect the wishes of the child's guardian who asked that the child's name and any additional information not be shared at this time."
Though doctors say the wounds are not life-threatening, the toddler had an extensive scalp laceration, a depressed skull fracture and minor puncture wounds, according to the police report.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the child and the family. The safety of our citizens is of paramount value and our staff followed training procedures on rescuing the child and were able to respond quickly and efficiently and work with emergency personnel, said Bruce Moore, Little Rock city manager, in a statement.
City officials said a full investigation into the incident is being conducted.
Image caption The painting currently hangs outside the office of the NI Assembly speaker
During the term of the Northern Ireland Assembly in 1983 the DUP leader, the Rev Ian Paisley, requested that a controversial picture depicting "King Billy and the Pope" should be displayed in their room at Stormont, newly released state papers reveal.
The large oil painting by the Dutch artist, Pieter van der Meulen, perhaps wrongly entitled The Entry Of King William To Ireland, had been acquired by the Unionist government in the 1930s and placed in the Great Hall of Stormont.
The painting caused some concern among MPs because in one corner, above King William III, was a "Popish" figure with a papal tiara, apparently bestowing a Benediction.
However, in May 1933 it was attacked by a party of Scottish loyalists. Before the sergeant at arms could intervene, Glasgow councillor Charles Forrest threw a pot of red paint at the painting while a colleague, Mrs Radcliffe from the Scottish Protestant League, stabbed the canvas with a knife. Apart from the paint stains, the main damage was to the figure of the Duke of Schomberg's horse!
By the 1980s the painting was hanging in the Public Record Office in Belfast's Balmoral Avenue. In May 1983 the Northern Ireland Office (NIO) learned that Dr Paisley was the "prime mover" in a request to have the painting returned to Stormont after 50 years.
Image caption Ian Paisley wanted the painting in their room at Stormont
On 3 May 1983 H Coote, an official at the Stormont central secretariat, informed a colleague: "Seemingly, Mr Paisley is keen to have it in their room at Stormont."
Coote felt that Dr Paisley should have their wish as "the mere fact of it displayed in Mr Paisley's room would accord the picture an acceptability which it may not have heretofore enjoyed".
They added: "I would have thought the painting, depicting as it does, the Pope and King William III, had a decided ecumenical flavour and was scarcely likely to be embraced as a true 'Orange' work of art." They felt that it "would be more trouble than it was worth to refuse Dr Paisley's request".
The controversial painting now hangs outside the office of the Speaker of the NI Assembly, Donegal man William Hay, at Stormont.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP/WJLA) - Virginia State Sen. Creigh Deeds' condition was upgraded to "good" Wednesday morning, just more than a day after they were stabbed inside their Bath County home.
Deed remains hospitalized at the University of Virginia Medical Center after being stabbed early Tuesday morning after an altercation with their 24-year-old son, authorities say.
Deeds' son, Gus, was also found dead from a gunshot wound, authorities say, and a Virginia State Police spokesperson says that the incident was likely an attempted murder/suicide.
Authorities have declined to explicitly say that Gus Deeds stabbed their father, but VSP spokesperson Corinne Geller says that there was an altercation between father and son before the stabbing and shooting.
Virginia State Police officials say that Deeds was discovered by a cousin who saw the senator, who had been stabbed several times in the head and torso, walking near their home on Vineyard Drive in the Millboro community at about 7:30 a.m.
The wounded senator was found walking toward a nearby road by their cousin, who drove Deeds back to the cousin's home and called 911. They were then was airlifted to the University of Virginia Hospital in Charlottesville for treatment.
Shortly after the senator was found stabbed, their son was discovered suffering from gunshot wounds inside the family home. They died at the scene after first responders were not able to stabilize their condition or fly them to the hospital.
Son was evaluated by mental health professionals
Just one day before Tuesday morning's stabbing and shooting, Gus Deeds underwent an emergency mental health evaluation, officials say.
Under what's called an emergency custody order, Deeds was evaluated by the Rockbridge Area Community Services Board, its executive director told the Roanoke Times.
However, Deeds couldn't be held overnight because they could not find a psychiatric bed for him.
No search for suspects
Gellar said that neither Virginia State Police nor Bath County Sheriff's officials are looking for suspects at this time. However, they said that detectives are still working to figure out exactly what happened.
Officials say that Deeds was able to speak to authorities while being treated.
Gus Deeds is one of the senator's four adult children. They had been enrolled at the College of William and Mary off and on since 2007, and withdrew last month, school spokesperson Brian Whitson said. The college did not say why they left.
During Deeds' bid for governor, their son took off a semester to join their dad on the campaign trail.
"He needs me and I need him," Deeds told a reporter in the fall of 2009, about campaigning with Gus.
Well-wishes pour in for Deeds
In a post on from their Twitter account, Virginia Sen. Mark Warner said they were "praying for [Creigh Deeds] and their family."{} Warner, a Democrat, appeared in campaign advertisements for Deeds during their unsuccessful 2009 gubernatorial run.
Deeds, 55, represents Bath County in Northwest Virginia. Police said they are investigating the sequence of events at Deeds' home. Their family is with them at the hospital.
In a statement, Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell called the stabbing "utterly heartbreaking" and urged state residents to pray for their recovery.
"Creigh Deeds is an exceptional and committed public servant who has always done what they believe is best for Virginia and who gives their all to public service," McDonnell said. "He cares deeply about Virginia, and the people of Virginia care deeply for him. "
Long political history in Virginia
Deeds ran for attorney general in 2005 and governor in 2009, losing both races to McDonnell. Before serving in the Virginia Senate, Deeds was a member of the state's House of Delegates between 1992 and 2001.
They and their ex-wife, Pam, divorced shortly after the 2009 campaign. Deeds remarried last year.
Deeds' reputation among colleagues has been as a thoughtful legislator. On social issues, they are generally to the right of party liberals, supporting abortion rights, but opposing gay marriage and gun control measures. They wrote a constitutional amendment guaranteeing Virginians' right to hunt and fish.
They proved to be a reserved campaigner in 2009, described as shy by their fellow lawmakers.
"I don't like fundraising. I don't like being away from home all the time," they said during the campaign. "I enjoy the service. I enjoy the work that politics allows you to do. I don't know that I really enjoy the process that much."
Deeds spent most of their childhood in Bath County, where their family settled in the 1740s. The rural county is known for the high-end Homestead resort, but Deeds grew up on the other side of the mountain.
"I didn't grow up on the end of the county where you learn to ski and play golf as a child," they said. Deeds lived on a farm after their parents divorced when they were about 7.
Their grandfather was the Democratic Party chairperson in Bath County during the Great Depression.
Rotational Stability
Time for an experiment! Find a book and secure it shut using tape or a rubber band. Now experiment with spinning the book while tossing it into the air. You'll notice that when the book is spun about its longest or shortest axis it rotates stably, but when spun about its intermediate-length axis it quickly wobbles out of control.
Every rigid body has three special, or principal axes about which it can rotate. For a rectangular prism — like the book in our experiment — the principal axes run parallel to the shortest, intermediate-length, and longest edges, each going through the prism's center of mass. These axes have the highest, intermediate, and lowest moments of inertia, respectively.
When the book is tossed into the air and spun, either about its shortest or longest principal axis, it continues to rotate about that axis forever (or until it hits the floor). For these axes, this indefinite, stable rotation occurs even when the axis of rotation is slightly perturbed.
When spun about its intermediate principal axis, though, the book also continues to rotate about that axis indefinitely, but only if the axis of rotation is exactly in the same direction as the intermediate principal axis. In this case, even the slightest perturbation causes the book to wobble out of control.
The first simulation above shows a rotation about the unstable intermediate axis, where a slight perturbation causes the book to wobble out of control. The second and third simulations show rotations about the two stable axes.
Unfortunately, as far as my understanding goes, there's no intuitive, non-mathematical explanation as to why rotations about the intermediate principal axis are unstable. If you're interested, you can find the stability analysis here.
Mathematica code posted here.
Iceland ain't right
During a volcanic eruption in 1973 on Iceland the lava started flowing towards a harbor. Fishing was responsible for almost all of Iceland's income, so to save the harbor they decided to try and control the lava flow's path by pouring water on it. Day and night they pumped water from the sea on it and ran back and forth across the still not quite cooled lava, melting the soles under their shoes. The plan worked, and the harbor was saved.
In other words, Icelanders can walk on lava and control it's flow. I'm telling ya', that just ain't right!
And to my supporters: Go suggest things for me to make comics about here http://satwcomic.com/supporter I'm only listening to you guys now, so you hold all the power in your hands!
My dark fantasy thriller IMMORTAL REMAINS – A TIM REAPER NOVEL went on sale back in July and it's been selling very well. I'm a bit perplexed as to why because, again, I'm not really doing anything spectacular in the way of book promotion. It's published exclusively for Kindle – I decided against EPUB as the cumulative total of all my other books sold in EPUB numbers under 100 so I didn't think I'd be losing anything by sticking with Amazon.
It's now the last day of September, and here are my stats from good ol' Kindle Direct Publishing for the month.
The book has been sitting in the top-100 for Dark Fantasy now for about four weeks. It dipped out a couple of times but it always seems to climb right back up in there. I think the highest it has gone is to #19 in that category. At any rate, I'm really quite pleased with these numbers and thanks so much to whoever out there is buying my book! I'm even getting enthusiastic emails from folks wanting the second book which has a teaser at the end of this one.
Book promotion is a mystery to me. The only thing I've done differently from when I self-published Marshall Conrad back in 2014 is I did a Fussy Librarian promotion and one Book Sends promo just to see what happened. There was an uptick on both days that Immortal Remains was featured but nothing major – maybe 30 books each time. I'm thinking of throwing caution to the wind and trying to get a Book Bub but I understand it's pretty hard to get your foot in the door. Oh, and I've also added the buying links to my other books in this one as well as a subscribe link for my newsletter. (And people are actually subscribing!)
The reviews for Immortal Remains have been the best I've ever received as a published author, mostly four and five stars. I think the cover art is quite good and might be helping – I did it using Canva who, I think might put all the people doing cover art on Fiverr out of business. The templates are easy, fast, stylish. I've had a lot of compliments on this cover. I've kept it at 99¢ which is likely the primary reason people are taking a chance on it, though the original price is $2.99, a bargain for an ebook IMHO. I'm a little bit afraid of bringing the price back up to $2.99 as I don't want to lose out on any bargain shoppers who like the cover and the description enough to buy.
So, once again, I have no idea why this book keeps selling but I'm not going to complain. With a little luck these numbers will remain consistent well into October.
Anyway, if you've bought the book, thanks again for your support!
Saskatchewan Government Insurance is circulating photo examples of fraudulent hail damage claims to auto body shops in Saskatoon in hopes of catching fraudsters taking advantage of the July 10 storm.
Hail storms bring with them thousands of claims to insurance providers, some of them fraudulent.
"We are committed to investigate any suspicious claims. Our employees and partners are experts in the field and know what to look for," said SGI spokesperson Marie Schultz in an email statement.
SGI's definition of fraud includes inflating claims of damage actually sustained from storms. All submissions of fraudulent claims are considered illegal acts.
Easy to spot
Over 18 years as a dent technician, Brad Classen has only seen "half a dozen" fraudulent claims, which they reported immediately to SGI.
The hail damage on this Ford Focus isn't obvious to the naked eye, but once lit up by the bright lights of the auto repair shop, dents are far easier to see. (Bridget Yard/CBC News) "If it's done with a golf ball you'll actually see the impression of the golf ball in the clear coat. All the round circles in a golf ball show up in the paint," said Classen.
A hammer strike shows up the same way, but with scuff marks at the centre.
A hail strike shows up as a smooth dent.
"Some of the hail is jagged but it's ice. It doesn't have abrasives in it. It's not going to scratch the paint," said Classen.
"I've never, ever seen it scratch the paint in 18 years of doing this."
To repair dents created by hail, Classen accesses the car's body from the inside and pushes it out, using special tools.
They shine a bright light on the body to highlight dips in the structure and gently massages out the damage.
The difference between a hail dent and a hammer strike, or damage from a golf ball, is obvious, says Classen. To remind technicians how to spot fraudsters, SGI circulated pictures to auto repair shops. (Bridget Yard/CBC News)
No free paint job
Since the auto repair industry has moved towards paintless dent repair, free paint jobs on fraudulent claims rarely happen.
"If they had an older car and the paint was scratched and they wanted it painted, they put in a fraudulent claim and they'd get their car painted," said Classen, who specializes in paintless dent repair.
"They're still possibly trying to get their car written off or they're under the understanding that they can get it painted when they can't."
SGI has received 20 auto claims from the most recent hail storm in Saskatoon, pertaining to hail and submerged vehicles, especially in the Confederation neighbourhood.
Over the past five years, SGI has received an average of 8,200 auto hail claims per year.
Former Houston Rockets center Yao Ming has been elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, according to ESPN's Calvin Watkins and multiple reports.
The 7-foot-6 Yao, whose career started in Shanghai in the Chinese Basketball Association, was the first pick in the 2002 draft and is given much of the credit for bringing the NBA to China.
They were the league's first Chinese star, and NBA merchandise sales and television ratings in China mushroomed during their career. In 2007, a game their Rockets played against the Milwaukee Bucks, featuring Yi Jianlian, was broadcast on 19 networks in China and watched by more than 200 million people in the country, making it one of the most-watched NBA games in history.
Yao Ming, who averaged 19.0 points and 9.2 rebounds during a nine-year NBA career, will be inducted into the Naismith Memorial Hall of Fame. Garrett Ellwood/NBAE/Getty Images
Yao, 35, was an eight-time NBA All-Star selection, averaging 19 points, 9.2 rebounds and 1.9 blocks per game in eight seasons. They retired in 2011 following a series of foot and ankle injuries.
Editor's Picks Yao unique, but was they truly HOF worthy? Yao Ming's combination of effective play and a short career is one of a kind. Kevin Pelton reflects on the brief, but great, on-court play of the reported Hall of Fame inductee.
NBA Lockdown 1 Related
An enormously likable and playful personality, Yao was featured in several memorable television ads that played off their imposing size. At the time of their final season, they were the tallest active player in the NBA.
The announcement is expected to come at the NCAA Final Four in Houston this weekend. Yao will not be in Houston for the official announcement, sources tell Watkins.
Top Republican officials, who entered the 2016 election cycle intent on broadening the party's support with a more inclusive message, have been horrified by the success of Donald Trump.
But it turns out that Trump is helping the GOP grow — just not with the kinds of voters they see as critical to the party's long-term success.
Story Continued Below
Republicans smashed turnout records in the four states that voted in February, the last three of which Trump won resoundingly. Overall, turnout in the first four states is up nearly 28 percent from 2012 — including a more than 50 percent jump in Iowa and a 128 percent surge in Nevada on Tuesday night.
Democratic turnout, meanwhile, is down about 23 percent from 2008 levels across the first three states — all battleground states in the general election.
Trump crowed in their Nevada victory speech on Tuesday night that they “won Hispanics,” but according to surveys of voters as they entered caucuses or exited polling places, their coalition is made up mostly of whites — specifically, less-educated members of an increasingly disaffected working class.
“I love the poorly educated,” Trump exclaimed from the stage in Las Vegas as they ticked off the highlights of their entrance poll numbers.
And the poorly educated love Trump right back. In their three resounding victories — New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada — Trump has racked up huge margins among white voters who don't have college degrees, running about 10 percentage points ahead of their overall total.
In the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries, they won 42 percent of white non-degreed vote. In Nevada, they won a majority of those caucus-goers, 52 percent, according to the entrance poll.
Although Trump's campaign style often seems improvisational, they have specifically targeted these voters, holding rallies in depressed towns where unemployment rates are above the national average and their message is more likely to resonate: places like Mobile, Alabama, and Beaumont, Texas. On Monday, Trump's plane will land in Georgia but not in Atlanta, where more than half the state's population is located. Instead, he'll visit Georgia's southern edge, in Valdosta, a town of 56,000 where the median annual income is just under $30,000.
Trump's coalition — which has them in a commanding position at this early stage of the campaign — isn't exclusively these working-class voters. While the vast majority of GOP caucus-goers and primary voters thus far have been white, Trump has done well mostly across the board. They won the small subsample of Latinos in Nevada on Tuesday night, with a percentage roughly equal to what Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz got combined. He's edged Cruz among born-again, evangelical voters in South Carolina and Nevada — despite Cruz's far-more-frequent invocation of their faith on the trail.
Trump's best numbers continue to come from downscale voters, however. And their bombastic brand of populist ethno-nationalism is exciting many Republicans, including some who have long voted Democrat or stayed home altogether.
“There's no question he's drawing from a number of constituencies,” said Adrian Gray, a Republican pollster and former chief strategist at the Republican National Committee. “I think early on a lot people saw it as this hybrid coalition of working-class whites and people that followed their celebrity. It's grown significantly beyond that. It's also changed a little bit.”
But Trump's shtick may also be further alienating the nonwhites who are the largest source of potential growth in the broader electorate and quite possibly the GOP's only chance for long-term survival. The billion-dollar question: Which group is larger?
“I don't think the voters he'll attract will offset the large numbers of traditional conservative voters who find their character, their policies and their rhetoric deeply offensive,” said Ryan Call, a former Colorado GOP chairperson who has been vocal about their party's need to broaden its appeal to women and Hispanics. “I don't think at the end of the day, independents, Hispanics, women and college students and the coalition that's needed to win in a general election will support a Donald Trump candidacy, because it's not in line with the values of the country.”
Following Mitt Romney's loss in 2012 — the fifth time in the past six elections that the Republicans lost the popular vote for president — the RNC went back to the drawing board, crafting a set of recommendations for the party's candidates and campaigns to bring new voters into the fold.
But the coalition Trump is cobbling together looks little, if anything, like what Republicans envisioned at the start of the election cycle. The RNC “autopsy” outlined specific policy prescriptions — particularly passing comprehensive immigration reform.
“If Hispanic Americans perceive that a GOP nominee or candidate does not want them in the United States (i.e. self-deportation), they will not pay attention to our next sentence,” the report read. “It does not matter what we say about education, jobs or the economy; if Hispanics think we do not want them here, they will close their ears to our policies.”
The report goes on to warn that failing to embrace immigration reform will reduce the GOP's appeal “to its core constituencies only.”
But Trump's rhetoric — deporting the 11 million immigrants without legal status and building a wall between the United States and Mexico, for example — appears tailored just to those constituencies.
One experienced Republican pollster, who asked not to be identified in order to speak freely, won't credit Trump for the uptick in turnout through the first four contests, which they attribute to the large GOP field and the primary electorate's deep antipathy toward President Barack Obama. And they aren't convinced that Trump's appeal to blue-collar whites is hurting the party's attempt to reach out to minority voters — yet.
“I don't think it's being set in stone, I don't think it's hurting the party in the long run,” the pollster said. “If he's the nominee, there has to be some concerns there. They may intensify the base, but in terms of expanding that base, there are going to be some issues.”
Patrick Ruffini, a Republican digital consultant who has worked for George W. Bush and the RNC, mused in a Wednesday-morning tweetstorm that perhaps the GOP autopsy report had gotten things precisely backward:
Stung by 2008 and 2012, GOP political class obsessed with making party more cosmopolitan. But what if it wasn't that at all? — Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) February 24, 2016
One possible response is to the rising minority population is that whites move in the other direction. — Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) February 24, 2016
In fact, this is not only possible, but likely. Republicans win more states with large minority populations than all-white states. — Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) February 24, 2016
If Trump becomes the nominee and gets wiped out in November, Ruffini suggested, the next GOP contender could repackage their approach to make it more broadly palatable:
If Trump doesn't get crushed, if their relative % goes up in places like PA and OH, this will be an argument against making GOP cosmopolitan — Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) February 24, 2016
Trump will be the Goldwater of “white identity politics” and there will be a @dick_nixon in 2020 or 2024 who is more subtle — Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) February 24, 2016
Dems (and some Rs) will cry racism but this will essentially be an explicit counterpoint to Dem strategy of maximizing black/Latino turnout — Patrick Ruffini (@PatrickRuffini) February 24, 2016
Pollsters caution, however, that Latinos could make up more than 10 percent of the general electorate, and they are overwhelmingly hostile to Trump. What's more, their seeming success with Nevada Hispanics crumbles on closer inspection.
Tuesday night's entrance polls do show Trump leading with 45 percent of Latino voters, roughly equal to their statewide vote share.
But of the 1,573 caucus-goers interviewed on Tuesday night, just 132 of them were Hispanic, according to Joe Lenski of Edison Research, which conducted the entrance poll for a consortium of news organizations.
“Since the total turnout was 75,000,” Lenski said, “that means we are estimating that about 6,000 Hispanics caucused [on Tuesday]. That is a very small portion of the voting-age Hispanic population in the entire state of Nevada.”
By contrast, about 16,000 Hispanics participated in the Democratic caucuses in Nevada last Saturday — meaning that Trump won only roughly 1-in-8 Latino voters who participated in either caucus.
That was confirmed by a new Washington Post-Univision poll of Hispanic voters released late Wednesday. It showed Trump in second place, behind Rubio, among Hispanic Republicans, with 22 percent. But that's worse than it appears: Nearly three times as many Latinos said they plan to vote in the Democratic primary than in the GOP race.
“His image is so negative with Hispanic voters, young voters, a lot of the voters that Republicans need to be appealing to,” Gray said.
What you need to know about the ‘nectar of the gods' in honor of Mead Day on August 3
Blend Images / Getty Images
Mead may conjure up images of Renaissance fairs or Germanic folk tales, but it is enjoying renewed popularity among imbibing aficianados. Also known as honey wine, this tipple is made from fermented honey and water, sometimes with added yeast. You can produce countless style and variations—from dry to sweet and anything in between, including sparkling—by tinkering with the ingredient proportions and the fermentation process. And just as a wine's notes are dependent on the terroir of its grapes, the flavor of a mead changes based on the flowers that honeybees use to pollinate. What else makes mead so special?
1. Some claim that mead was the first alcoholic drink, predating wine and beer. The earliest evidence of mead production dates back to 7000 BC from pottery vessels in northern China. Historically, mead was something of a global beverage: it was consumed by Greek gods on Mt. Olympus, Vikings, and African bushmen. In fact, mead was drank before men knew how to harness the meadmaking process; mead fermented naturally on its own when a beehive combined with rainwater and yeast in the air. Mead was a tipple of choice from these ancient times through the Late Middle Ages, when honey was supplanted by cheaper sugars, which led to a rise in ales.
(MORE: Summer Sips: What to Drink Right Now)
2. Norse mythology tells of a “Mead of Poetry” that turned anyone who drank it into an instant scholar, able to recite items from memory and solve intractable quandaries. The legend goes that after a war between two rival factions, the gods sealed a truce by spitting into a bowl. This spit formed a new god, Kvasir, who was renowned for their intelligence. Enemies later killed Kvasir, mixed their blood with honey and let it ferment to form a mead that was said to provide poetic inspiration to anyone who drank it.
Getty Images
3. Mead halls play a prominent part in the epic poem Beowulf. The monster Grendel terrorized one of these noisy, communal gathering places, which prompted the warrior Beowulf to set off and confront Grendel, finally killing them after a battle.
4. The term ‘honeymoon' can be traced to the medieval tradition of drinking this honey wine for a full cycle of the moon after marriage. Mead was thought to be an aphrodisiac, and if it was consumed by newlyweds, offspring would hopefully soon follow. A bride's father would often include enough mead in their dowry to last for a month.
5. Though mead faded from prominence after the Middle Ages, many European monasteries continued to make it, most famously the Holy Island of Lindisfarne off the coast of England. Craft mead is now poised to make a comeback, although it hasn't yet been commercialized on a large scale. There are at least 165 meaderies in the U.S., according to the American Mead Makers' Association (AMMA). Why is mead so alluring now? It possesses a mysterious, ancient aura, and it's also not widely available in bars, making it more of an exclusive drink for those in the know.
MORE: Beyond Bubbly: A Wine Industry Grows in Champagne
New Global Standard Will Institute a Unified Technical Foundation to Allow for Expansion and Innovation in the Dynamic Header Bidding Arena
NEW YORK, NY (June 15, 2017) – The IAB Technology Laboratory today released for public comment “Standard Header Container Integration with an Ad Server,” a standard for header bidding that establishes the foundational requirements needed to support the adoption of header bidding technology. The document provides insights into best practices that help standardize how header tags and containers interact with ad servers—laying the groundwork for the application of more advanced technologies as innovation spurs the industry forward in the header bidding field.
This standard marks the first-of-its-kind for the IAB Tech Lab in the header bidding landscape, and addresses the steps needed to integrate a yield management strategy with specifications related to line-item setup, employing header tag technology with an ad server, and reporting and discrepancy. Furthermore, the standard's accessibility extends globally, and provides technical guidance that will prove helpful for the implementation of header bidding on a global scale.
“Header bidding is a rapidly developing area in ad tech, creating an immediate need for standardized technology practices,” said Alanna Gombert, Senior Vice President, Technology and Ad Operations, IAB, and General Manager, IAB Tech Lab. “This global standard is designed to put a concrete framework in place—allowing the industry to benefit from a consistent header bidding protocol that reaches across borders.”
The document was written by the IAB Tech Lab Header Tag Working Group under the direction of the IAB Tech Lab Board of Directors, and is available for review by the public until July 28, 2017.
To view the document, go to https://iabtechlab.com/header-tag, and to submit feedback, please email [email protected].
About IAB Technology Laboratory
The IAB Technology Laboratory is an independent, international, nonprofit research and development consortium charged with producing and helping companies implement global industry technical standards. Comprised of digital publishers and ad technology firms, as well as marketers, agencies, and other companies with interests in the interactive marketing arena, the IAB Tech Lab's goal is to reduce friction associated with the digital advertising and marketing supply chain, while contributing to the safe and secure growth of the industry. The organization's founding member companies include AppNexus, Google, GroupM, Hearst Magazines Digital Media, LinkedIn, PubMatic, Sonobi, Tremor Video, Yahoo, and Yahoo! JAPAN. Established in 2014, the IAB Tech Lab is headquartered in New York City with an office in San Francisco.
IAB Media Contact
Laura Goldberg
347.683.1859
[email protected]
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 23/11/2016 (825 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
The shame and the pain are intolerable, and weight discrimination must end, professional dietitian and activist Lindsey Mazur declared on the steps of the Manitoba legislature Wednesday afternoon.
"I've seen the pain and the shame my clients have experienced," Mazur told a rally supported by all three political parties. "It's important to recognize this is a human rights issue -- it's not about how fit you are, or how healthy you are, or what you eat."
Mazur, the founder of the group Manitobans Against Weight Stigma, told the rally that weight is being used to deny jobs or promotion.
Liberal MLA Jon Gerrard reintroduced Wednesday a private member's bill from the last session that would include weight discrimination under the human rights code.
Whitehawk are changing their name as they enter the next phase of an ambitious plan to get to the Football League.
From next season they will be known as Brighton City Football Club, subject to approval from the relevant authorities.
The East Brighton club are determined to represent the wider community, although they will retain the nickname of The Hawks.
It is a move similar to the one made by Eastbourne Borough when they changed their name from Langney Sports.
It is the second name change in the club's history as they were known as Whitehawk and Manor Farm Old Boys from their formation in 1945 until 1960 when they became known simply as Whitehawk.
Consultation has taken place with Brighton and Hove Albion regarding the change and the club believe the timing is right following a third promotion in four seasons.
Just three years after winning the County League title, they were crowned Ryman premier champions this week and will play in Conference south – the sixth tier of English football – next season.
Hawks will be presented with the championship trophy after tomorrow's final game of the season at home to East Thurrock.
Read the reasons behind the name change in The Argus today.
On a November day in 1999, Seattle police lost control of their city.
During a meeting of the World Trade Organization, protesters blockaded intersections, cut off delegates from the conference and rifled through local businesses, causing extensive damage. Police used rubber bullets and tear gas to control the crowd, but it took days to restore order.
A group of Twin Cities anarchists now is making similar threats against the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul. But they also made threats against the 2004 conventions in Boston and New York, and little ever came of them.
The question is what to make of the anarchists? Are they for real? And how seriously should the city take their threats?
“We've learned lessons from others cities, including Boston and New York, including Seattle,” said Tom Walsh, a spokesperson for the St. Paul Police Department. “We don't simply think we can ignore the potential for a group of people to try to interrupt the convention by committing criminal acts. We feel we have a plan in place to deal with that.”
This month, the RNC Welcoming Committee, a group of self-styled anarchists, caused alarm when its Web site linked to an online plan for moving delegates to and from the Xcel Energy Center. The subsequent media coverage caused so much commotion, the Welcoming Committee's Web site crashed.
The group differs from the Coalition to March on the RNC and Stop the War, which is organizing the main protest march on the convention, and its aims are broader. Rather than advocating an end to the war in Iraq, anarchists want an end to corporate globalization and, for some, a return to a more primitive lifestyle.
The anarchists say they won't talk to “corporate media,” but one of the nation's best-known anarchists is John Zerzan, a Eugene, Ore.-based author and host of Anarchist Radio. When contacted by phone, Zerzan said they regard the Seattle protest and riots as a success because they spotlighted anarchists' antiglobalization message.
Zerzan — a confidant of Theodore Kaczynski in the mid-1990s while the Unabomber awaited trial — said anarchists want to end corporate domination of the planet and roll back technological advances. Their new book is titled “Twilight of the Machines.”
Eugene-based anarchists were instrumental in the Seattle riots, and Zerzan does not back away from the methods. While they don't condone violence against other individuals, they don't see property damage as violent — “Certainly not corporate property,” Zerzan said.
Early in the 20th century, estimates of the number of anarchists in the U.S. ranged into the millions. As a group, they largely disappeared until the 1960s, when their numbers started to grow again.
They were thrust back into the national psyche during the WTO protests. “60 Minutes II” profiled the group, featuring Zerzam prominently in its report.
Jess Sundin of the Anti-War Coalition, part of the Coalition to March on the RNC and Stop the War, said the group has had discussions with the anarchists but only to make sure they don't disrupt the march.
“They've made a commitment not to interfere,” Sundin said.
Much as St. Paul is doing, police forces in Boston and New York took the groups seriously.
Boston Police Superintendent Robert Dunford said they tracked the groups through their online postings and literature (which St. Paul is also doing), but their threatened disruptions never materialized.
“A lot of it was street theater. A couple of marches,” Dunford said.
“These groups, some of them are real and some of them are not,” they added. “You really don't know.”
New York City Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne echoed that thought. “We took it seriously. Some of it was boasting, and some of it was real. You can't always tell,” Browne said.
But New York did disrupt anarchist activities before they occurred. “There were attempts, but we were well aware of the attempts in advance,” Browne said.
They added: “In cases where violence was being planned, we had direct information about it even when it wasn't published.”
Anarchists also held classes on less-menacing activities — how to disable a bus engine, for example.
“We were at those classes,” Browne said, declining to say whether the department used undercover officers or simply attended the meetings.
They also pointed out that New York hosted an anti-war march viewed as the largest in U.S. history — estimates range up to 1 million — with relatively few arrests. But law enforcement officials say it takes only a few people to disrupt the peaceful intentions of many.
So is the Welcoming Committee real? Will they cause havoc at the convention? At this point, it's tough to say.
The group posted a YouTube video featuring people wearing bandanas over their faces and clad in black that walks the line between camp and menace.
It shows why determining the group's intentions is difficult. At one point an anarchist lights a Molotov cocktail.
The flaming bottle is tossed over a fence and lands in a barbecue, where another anarchist waits, spatula in hand.
Another group of about 150 anarchists from the U.S. and Canada were in Wisconsin this week training for demonstrations at the Democratic and Republican conventions. The anarchists were attending four days of workshops in Waldo in Sheboygan County. Some of the workshops focused on strategies for the upcoming conventions.
The sessions were organized by the CrimethInc. Ex-Workers' Collective, an underground group that has published anarchist texts such as “Recipes for Disaster: An Anarchist Cookbook.”
Anarchists generally do not conceal their intentions. What they plan to do is posted on the Internet and in literature handed out at left-leaning events. Some say they simply hope to inspire others to commit the acts they outline, without having to do it themselves. That's why media coverage — despite the RNC Welcoming Committee's stated aversion to mainstream media — is helpful to their cause.
“Every time you write a story about them, you give us a hard time,” Dunford said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
ONLINE
The RNC Welcoming Committee's video is at youtube.com/watch?v=j6PLwOt0Bls.
A traumatic accident changes the life of once-popular Tony, as well as the lives of friends Sid and Michelle, who no longer know how to act with him.
1. Tony and Maxxie 48m It's been six months since Tony's accident, and he's still recovering from the injury. Meanwhile, Maxxie wants to leave college and become a dancer.
2. Sketch 46m Sketch is a loner who spends their time locked up in their house taking care of their disabled mom. She's in love with Maxxie and jealous of Michelle.
3. Sid 47m Sid hasn't coped well with the fact that Tony isn't who they used to be. Soon Sid is hit with a life crisis that leaves them needing Tony more than ever.
4. Michelle 45m Michelle's mom has married yet another new husband. When a stepsister enters the picture, Michelle finds themselves growing increasingly isolated.
5. Chris 47m Chris gets expelled from school and is forced to find a job. Jal and Chris strike up a deal: She'll unwind as long as they get their act together.
6. Tony 46m When Tony sees Sid and Michelle at a club, they can't control their emotions. Nobody understands what he's going through -- until they meet a strange girl.
7. Effy 45m Effy takes care of their depressed mom, tries to restore the relationship between Tony and Michelle, and mentors the new girl at school.
8. Jal 46m Jal's got a big secret that they can't tell anyone until they decide what to do about it. But they can't keep the secret for much longer.
9. Cassie 47m When a dinner party leads to a confrontation between Cassie and Michelle, the lies and secrets become too much for Cassie to handle.
Buy Photo Opponents of red-light cameras will hold an organizational meeting at 6:30 p.m. Thursday at Mayday Brewery. (Photo: DNJ file photo)Buy Photo
MURFREESBORO — Red-light camera opponents who'd like to ban the devices will hold an organizational meeting at 6:30 p.m. Thursday at Mayday Brewery.
The Rutherford County Republican Liberty Caucus is holding the event at the brewery at 521 Old Salem Road.
The organizers are taking on the majority of a City Council that says that a fast-growing Murfreesboro — which reached a U.S. Census estimated population of 120,954 in 2014 — is safer on all roads because of the red-light cameras the officials authorized in 2007 to be at six intersections.
"We are calling it our 'Ban the Cam Organizational Meeting,' " said Steve Lane, a Murfreesboro resident who ran unsuccessfully in the Republican primary against U.S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais in 2014. "We will fight the renewal of the red-light camera contract."
Steve Lane (Photo: Submitted)
The caucus also will register people to vote at an event that will include Murfreesboro City Councilman Eddie Smotherman, who is an opponent of red-light cameras, Lane said. The group seeks to educate people about opposing red-light cameras and supporting district representation for a Murfreesboro City Council that has seven officials elected at-large.
The elected City Council has backed the red-light camera position of former Police Chief Glenn Chrisman, who retired recently. They advocated the council plan to enter into a new red-light camera contract that will add more intersections to be monitored.
The retired police chief persuaded the City Council in August to extend the red-light camera contract through March. They told the elected City Council that 628 fewer crashes occurred at 149 intersections in the 2014-15 fiscal year than in 2007-08 at 122 intersections before the city started its red-light camera enforcement. The total was 1,692 crashes the year before the red-light cameras started, and the total was 1,064 in the previous fiscal year.
The existing red-light cameras are at Broad and Church streets; Church and Middle Tennessee Boulevard; Broad and Northfield Boulevard; Northfield and Memorial Boulevard; Rutherford and Mercury boulevards; and Old Fort Parkway and Thompson Lane.
Lane said the city's red-light camera contract benefits Arizona-based American Traffic Solutions Inc. far more than it does Murfreesboro.
"It's what we call economic carpet bagging," Lane said. "Millions of dollars are being stripped out of this community and being sent to ATS. We'd rather see that money stay here for parks, roads and sidewalks."
Smotherman said he'll be able to attend the event because the City Council will not meet as scheduled on Thursday.
Eddie Smotherman (Photo: Submitted)
They also oppose renewing a red-light camera contract.
"It is pulling $1 million out of our local economy (per year)," said Smotherman, who is leaning toward running for a second four-year term in the August election for City Council. "If the camera company truly felt that people wouldn't run red lights once the cameras were installed, then they wouldn't install them because there would be no money to be made."
If most of the seven-member City Council want to continue a red-light camera contract, they should wait until the end of the state legislative session in case lawmakers decide to ban using the cameras.
"If they abolish the cameras, I don't think it would be a prudent idea for the city to enter a contract for a long-term basis using the cameras," Smotherman said.
Smotherman also says that the $50 red-light camera fines are not enforceable.
"Currently, the tickets cannot go on your driving record, nor can they go against your credit history," Smotherman said. "Subsequently, they are very questionable as to whether or not they can even be enforced."
Smotherman noted how about 19,000 drivers ran red lights at the six intersections in the previous fiscal year, and "therefore, I would question that perception that intersections are safer because of the cameras."
Fellow Thursday night meeting organizer Jeff Rainwater agreed that the red-light cameras are benefiting people outside Murfreesboro.
"There are trial lawyers who have smelled blood in other states," Rainwater said. "It is only a matter of time before Tennessee is the next target. It is also concerning that ATS takes most of the money, but if the city loses a court battle, the citizens of Murfreesboro would have to refund 100 percent of the fines."
Rainwater also suggested the city not continue automatic contract extensions with ATS when the current agreement comes to a close by the end of March.
"If the council decides to keep cameras, they should at least put out a Request for Proposal to allow other companies to bid," said Rainwater, who ran for City Council unsuccessfully in 2014. "This will be a campaign issue in the city elections this year. District representation will also be an issue. I have done some research on how the structure of Murfreesboro Council compares to other cities our size. Needless to say, we stand alone with all at-large members in a city our size."
Reach Scott Broden at 615-278-5158 and on Twitter @ScottBroden.
Read or Share this story: http://on.dnj.com/1RJckBo
Most of us take our hands for granted but when it comes to motorcycle gloves make absolutely certain you buy the right kind for the type of riding you do. And above all make sure they fit properly. Here's how.
Photos: Anne Watson
Hands are the things that connect you to your motorcycle and they and your fingers need to be comfortable and protected at all times. This may sound like common sense, but gloves are often overlooked and it's not often recognized how much a good quality, well-fitting pair can improve your riding experience.
Do you ride all year round, do you have heated grips or do you ride a sport bike or cruiser? In each scenario you will find gloves designed specifically for each of these tasks and a host of permutations of materials, colors and styles to choose from.
“Fundamentally motorcycle gloves have to fit you like a second skin,” explained Lee Block, President of Racer Gloves USA. “If you're on your bike at a race track, you don't want ever to be thinking about your hands when you're traveling at more than 100mph. Equally if it's raining and cold on your daily commute you shouldn't be uncomfortable and not feel in control of your bike because of badly fitting gloves.”
Racer Gloves USA is the importer and distributor for Austrian company Racer Outdoor GmbH that has been manufacturing and developing motorcycle apparel and gloves for more than 20 years.
Block is a dedicated motorcycle enthusiast who began riding at the age of eight, has raced bikes, too, with some success around the U.S. and they ride on a daily basis. So he's a man who knows a bit about what you should look for in a pair of riding gloves.
“The importance of good gloves is sometimes overlooked and while it's often down to personal preference you should always take the time to try on as many pairs as you can from different brands to find the ones that fit you best,” they said.
The heel of your palm will be the first thing to touch down in any impact, thereby requiring heavier protection against abrasion. At the same time, the rest of the palm should be thin and supple for good feel.
There are four areas that you should be concerned with when buying gloves:
1. Fit - Do the gloves fit well? They should be tight but are your hands
comfortable in them or do they feel too restricted?
2. Feel – How do they feel? Is there too much inner liner or too little and does the
liner impedes the movement of your fingers?
3. Construction – is there an in seam or outer stitching; what type of material is
used in the construction, is it cow leather, kangaroo or man made?
4. Features – do the gloves have venting, what type of additional protection do
they have, are they long or short (above or below the wrist) and will they work
for the type of riding you are going to do?
Impact protection in the form of hard or soft protectors can help your knuckles and finger joints survive an impact. "Gauntlets" like these provide plenty of overlap with your jacket, sealing out wind and protecting your wrists.
According to Block you should use the same criteria when choosing gloves as you would for a helmet. They should fit snugly but not be uncomfortable and you must also consider the type of bike you own.
On a sport bike you are sitting on your hands for most of your riding, so you maybe should take a look at pre-curved gloves that offer good support, while on a cruiser it's a more relaxed type of ride but you will still need a pair that has good all round protection from the elements and the road.
“Pre-curved gloves can feel odd the first time you try them on,” explained Block. “They tend to have less material in the palm grip too, but they should feel a bit like when you put leathers on. Leathers can feel strange when you're not on a bike but once you're riding it becomes clear why they are shaped like they are. It's the same with pre-curved gloves. They have been designed for a purpose.”
Take a moment to look at the materials that are used in a glove's construction. Cowhide is heavy but is able to withstand high levels of abrasion but can be quite rigid. Kangaroo skin is an alternative as it's lighter and it can withstand quite a lot of abrasion. There is also goatskin, which is soft and supple. A good compromise in a glove sometimes can be a hard shell (the form of a glove) of cowhide with a kangaroo skin palm.
Check the insulation, too. Is it designed for winter use? In which case it may have a heavy weight liner and longer cuffs or, if it's a summer glove it should have a good hard shell and be really well ventilated.
“I actually have a pair of motorcycle handlebars in my office so when customers want to try different gloves they can get a proper idea of what they truly feel like when they hold some grips,” said Block.
“Most people have an idea of the style they want but I highly recommend that they try on as many different gloves as they can. It's a bit like shoes. What one manufacturer calls a ‘Large' maybe a ‘Medium' in another brand so you really need to look around and try them all before making that final decision.”
Once you've found the gloves that fit they should last a long time providing they're looked after.
Every few months you should clean them to get rid of road grime and sweat from your hands. Gloves should be washed in warm water with a light soap and then rinsed clean with cold water. Don't wring the gloves out but leave them to dry naturally.
Using any type of heat can damage your gloves' material. It's also a good idea to put them back on when they're still damp to get the correct form that fits your hands and then leave them to fully dry.
If they are made of leather occasionally use a conditioner to get some suppleness back into them. At the same time check for loose stitching on all of the seams and any glue welds that may have come unstuck.
So when it's time for a new pair of gloves, consider the type of bike you ride, what time of year you are going to be riding and then make sure that the pair you choose fit and that they fit really well.
This staple party food just got a new twist. BuzzFeed Tasty stuck some deviled eggs in oil and deep-fried them. The result was spectacular.
* Paprika, or seasoning of choice to top
Here's what you will need:
Directions:
Heat cooking oil for deep-frying in a medium-size pan over medium heat.
Cut the hard-boiled eggs in half lengthwise. Gently separate the cooked egg white from the yolk and remove to a medium bowl.
Coat the cooked egg white in flour, eggs, and panko bread crumbs. Carefully place eggs into the hot oil. Fry for 2-3 minutes, flipping halfway through. Remove from pan and drain excess oil on a paper towel.
Add mayonnaise, relish, mustard, hot sauce, salt, and pepper to the yolks and mash until smooth. Fill a piping bag or plastic sandwich bag with yolk mixture. Pipe mixture back into the fried egg white, dust with paprika, and serve!
Note: To the next idiot to say "Bunnies don't have paw pads" - I KNOW. This is an OLD picture and done WAY Back when. Notice how they have NO paw pads in the rest of my gallery and on my current art. Please don't plague me anymore with your "stupid" - I'm allergic to it : To the next idiot to say "Bunnies don't have paw pads" - I KNOW. This is an OLD picture and done WAY Back when. Notice how they have NO paw pads in the rest of my gallery and on my current art. Please don't plague me anymore with your "stupid" - I'm allergic to it
Well, anyone whose dated a cute lil' bab knows that though we may be small, we take up lots of space.Also, its been years since I last posted anything. Or did anything. So, here's some #WildeHopps for ya because these two are LIFE. Love #Zootopia Ink and watercolour.Nick and Judy © Disney
A hacking attempt in December on the computer servers of the Polish Foreign Ministry was likely the work of Russian hackers, according to the Rzeczpospolita daily.
The alleged hackers were part of the APT28 group, also known as the Fancy Bear cyber espionage group, which experts identify as being associated with the Main Intelligence Agency GRU – the foreign military intelligence agency of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia.
In its Monday edition the daily wrote that in December last year, several employees of the Foreign Ministry received mails which contained a document allegedly from the office NATO Secretary General. Once opened, the emails were designed to download a Trojan Horse virus.
The attack was very sophisticated, the daily quotes one of the ministry's employees as saying. It was conducted through the servers of a “foreign ministry from a Latin American country”, Rzeczpospolita quoted a Polish foreign ministry spokesperson as saying.
The ATP28 group is considered to be the elite of cyber espionage. It is best known from operations in the US, where it recently intercepted emails from Democratic Party politicians.
The attack on the Polish Foreign Ministry servers was foiled, and Rzeczpospolita says it was not the first attack of the group on the Polish Foreign Ministry.
Research in political science, psychology and economics has given us reason to question the extent to which individuals have “true,” stable opinions. And yet, as Election 42 unfolds, you'd be hard-pressed to find a Canadian who doesn't have something to say about the parties, the leaders, taxes, or war. So what's going on? Our series on the intersection between psychology and politics continues.
I once asked my dad for their opinion about immigration in Canada. This was during the 2011 election, and he'd called me, wondering for whom they should vote. I was trying to get an idea of where they stood politically, what their values were, and what their preferences might be. They were themselves an immigrant, having come to Canada from the United States in the 1960s.
They had strong thoughts on the matter; most people, when pushed even a bit, do. I made a commitment to follow up a few more times as the election unfolded. I asked them about different issues every week or so, always sneaking in the immigration question in different ways. Their answers seemed to vary with the changing headlines, the time of day, and their mood. By my count, they gave me five different (inconsistent) positions on the immigration issue alone. I'm not sure whom they voted for.
In this story, my dad represents what researchers call an “N” of one. That means there's only one research subject or data point. More commonly, in social science research, an N of one is known as an anecdote, because it's a one-off story that tells us very little about broader trends or phenomena. And, as we know—say it with me, people who comment on articles online—“the plural of anecdote is not data.”
But I'm willing to bet that story resonated with you, that you've had similar experiences yourself or with others. That's because what my dad exhibited is behaviour that's common for people around the world. Like them, they might not really have an opinion. Instead, when asked what they thought, they sampled from whatever was at the top of their mind and relied on mental shortcuts derived from the world of cues around him.
Is your “opinion” whatever you're thinking about at the moment?
One of the leading theories of mass public opinion comes from American research carried out by John Zaller. In The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion, Zaller argues that individuals don't have “true” opinions. Instead, when asked how they feel about a particular issue, they engage in a thought process known as “receive-accept-sample” (R-A-S).
How does this work? Say a pollster calls you up to ask what you think about refugees. Presumably you know a little bit about the issue, since it's been covered extensively (and recently) in the media. But you're no expert. Rather than tell the pollster you don't know, you draw from a sample of considerations off the top of your head. This is the (S), and the final stage, from R-A-S.
What you're doing is sampling from information you have received (R) from reading the news, watching pundits on television, talking to others, and observing the world around you. This is information you've broadly accepted (A) as more or less consistent with other beliefs you have. (There's probably some room here for ideological and other inconsistencies, since, you know, we're flexible, complex, strange, broken and wonderful creatures.)
More from David Moscrop: What does politics look like to a partisan?
According to Zaller, in the R-A-S model, your opinion is formed on the fly, because you've been asked for one. How obliging! It's not drawn or reasoned out from a coherent ideology, or selected out from an entrenched set of preferences. Instead, your opinion is just conjured up when it's needed.
Now, the more politically aware you are, the more likely you are to receive messages from elites, but you'll also be less likely to accept those messages, since you're exposed to more (and conflicting) information. Those who are largely politically unaware will receive fewer messages (because they aren't paying attention), but will accept more of what they do receive (because they have less to compare it to).
Zaller's 1992 take on public opinion is probably a bit overstated. Sometimes the public is capable of expressing a coherent, consistent opinion about what's important to it. Even Zaller later revised their thesis. But the R-A-S model seems to apply quite often. And even when it doesn't, your opinion is still affected by all kinds of subtle, even non-consciously processed, phenomena and considerations.
You and your brain are so, so, so, so lazy. So lazy.
You've been asked for an opinion. And, as we've established, you're obliging. So you've come up with one. Where does that come from? As I mentioned, it comes largely from the news media and the world around you. But what does that mean, “the world around you?”
Take a look around. Glance at your environment. Check your Twitter feed. Pull up your Facebook newsfeed. Scan the newspaper headlines. Check your gut. Recall what your friend or colleague last said to you when you talked about politics. Think about some things you like or dislike. Call your mother, tell them you love them I'll wait.
Heuristics. You were just exposed to—and relied upon—a bunch of them. Heuristics are cognitive shortcuts or rough-and-ready mental processes for coming to a decision that's, well, good enough. (Or, as I like to say, “close enough for jazz.”) There are dozens of heuristics we routinely rely on to make decisions every day.
Related: What leaders say is important. How they say it also matters.
These shortcuts simplify our lives and allow us to get things done quickly and efficiently. They are shaped, activated and executed all the time, throughout our entire lives, and usually we aren't even aware we're relying on them. I'll discuss a couple now in the context of the election, but if you're interested in knowing more, have a look at the “further reading” section.
Availability: One of the most common shortcuts is the availability heuristic. Simply put, this occurs when you draw on the first idea, consideration, or example that comes to mind when you're pressed to make a decision. Why? Well, it could be that we implicitly assume that because something comes easily to mind, it must be important.
In the current federal election, the availability heuristic is important. The economy is, as always, a major issue. But so are security, law and order. Terrorism, in particular, stands out. That's because, when asked about issues that are important, terrorism comes to mind, because it is so evocative and examples are almost always readily available.
Then, most Canadians of voting age, when specifically asked about terrorism, will think of 9/11, or maybe the war in Syria or Iraq or Afghanistan. These are powerful, evocative and shared moments of foreign terrorism that come easily to mind. Fewer will think of white supremacists or domestic terrorism. Still fewer will call to mind the fact that only two people in Canada have been killed by terrorist attacks in the last 10 years. What comes to mind easiest often seems most important.
Anchoring: This is another important heuristic. Anchoring occurs when some early piece of information affects a subsequent decision (whether it's relevant or not). Say I tell you that Party A has come out with a proposal to raise the marginal tax rate on the bottom tax bracket by three per cent. (This is just an example, not an actual proposal.) That's the anchor. It may shock you, or it may not. But whichever it is, keep three per cent in mind.
If I then tell you that Party B wants to raise the rate by 1.5 per cent, it will seem more reasonable than if I had told you that Party A wants to raise taxes by only 0.5 per cent. Your evaluation of the 1.5 per cent increase is going to be affected by the anchor of three per cent, and is likely to affect your opinion of what we should do about taxes.
The same phenomenon applies to consumer products. Ever wonder why companies have an outrageously expensive “top of the line” model that few can afford? Well, it helps them sell a lot more “reasonably priced” mid-range models. I mean, $3,000 for a laptop?! That's insane! Now, $1,800, on the other hand . . .
Affect: I have a hard time being critical of people I like. I have to do it for a living. As an academic and a writer, it's a huge part of my job. People I don't like? Well, that's much easier. I often suspect I'm being harder on those I don't happen to care for. I try to be objective, of course, but it's hard to escape the affect heuristic.
This heuristic is complicated and involves several emotional elementsI'll sort into positive and and negative, or like/dislike, for the purpose of this article. If you're interested in more, see Robert Zajonc's work in the further reading list below. But I can summarize it roughly as this: The affect heuristic is used by swapping out a tough question and replacing it with one easy question: Do I like or dislike this person/party/etc.?
Related: You're not the voter you think you are.
In a political campaign, it's obvious how important affect is. Do I like this candidate? Do I dislike him? These initial, often automatic, emotional assessments affect how you judge a person. We tend to let people we like off the hook more readily than those we dislike. We tend to evaluate the actions and ideas of people we like more favourably than others, too. Why? In part, it's an age-old cognitive sorting mechanism that saves time.
Research by Fred Cutler at the University of British Columbia found that individuals prefer candidates who are “like them”—that's to say, who share a similar sociodemographic status. This fosters positive affect. It also lends a major advantage to candidates (and parties) who become well-liked. For them, when the inevitable scandal or policy foul-up or social-media slip happens (a.k.a. every single day of Election 42), your sympathetic disposition toward them will reduce, even eliminate, negative consequences. I suppose we could call this the “Joe Biden effect.”
Well that's just, like, your opinion, man.
Obviously, people have preferences. They have opinions. But research suggests we have good reason to question how deeply these opinions and preferences are held, how coherent and consistent they are, and what motivates individuals to hold them.
The next time you're asked your opinion, keep all of this in mind. Try to interrogate yourself a bit. Why do you hold this particular opinion? Where is it coming from? How does it fit into your worldview? What considerations around you at the moment, and in the recent and distant past, are at work?
The more aware we are of what's going on with our biases and our use of heuristics, the better placed we are to understand our own thought processes and the preferences and opinions they produce. We'll also be better prepared to make good decisions—including for whom we cast our ballot on Oct. 19.
Further reading
John Zaller. The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion. Cambridge University Press. 1992.
John Zaller. Monica Lewinsky's Contribution to Political Science. Political Science and Politics. June 1998.
Fred Cutler. The Simplest Shortcut of All. The Journal of Politics. May 2002.
Daniel Kahneman. Thinking, Fast and Slow. Farrar, Straus and Giroux. 2011.
Robert Zajonc. Feeling and Thinking. American Psychologist. February 1980.
Daniel Dennett. Intuition Pumps and Other Tools for Thinking. Norton and Co. 2014.
Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein. Nudge. Penguin. 2009.
Thomas Gilovich and Dale Griffin. Heuristics and Biases: The Psychology of Intuitive Judgment. Cambridge University Press. 2002.
Follow @David_Moscrop on Twitter.
Hurricane Irma is forecast to be the second major hurricane to stroke the mainland United States in as many weeks. With two devastating storms already in the books, the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season is shaping up to be the busiest in a decade. The last time two major hurricanes made landfall in the United States in quick succession was in 2005, when Katrina and Rita wreaked havoc on the Gulf Coast.
How to read this chart: Each line represents the life of a storm as recorded by NOAA. The higher the line within each year, the higher the recorded wind speed. Storms that reached Category 5, the strongest of the strong, are highlighted in red. Mouse over each storm to see the name, dates, and highest recorded windspeed of each storm.
(CNN) Italian center-left Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said they will resign on Monday, after conceding an "extraordinary clear" defeat in an Italian constitutional referendum.
"Tomorrow the President of the Republic will have a meeting with me and I will hand in my resignation," Renzi said. "I take on full responsibilities for defeat and so I say I lost, not you," they told supporters.
The defeat of the referendum was resounding, with nearly 60% of voters saying "no" with a high turnout of nearly 70%.
The result is considered a win for eurosceptic populist and nationalist parties in Italy which campaigned heavily against Renzi and their promise to stimulate Italy's sluggish economy.
The 'No' campaign was spearheaded by the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement party, led by Beppe Grillo , which is expected to make substantial gains if a general election is called.
"When you lose you cannot pretend that nothing has happened and go to bed and sleep. My government ends here today," Renzi said.
More than just the constitution?
Formally, the vote was a referendum on whether or not the country should amend its 1948 constitution.
Renzi's intention was to reduce the power of the upper house of the Italian Parliament, the Senato, by cutting its numbers from 315 to 100 -- making it more of a consultative assembly.
Proponents of the referendum said that the goal was to make the job of governing Italy less complicated and reforms would help revive the nation's lethargic economy.
However, critics claimed the reforms would impact the constitution's checks and balances.
Elly Schlein, an Italian member of the European Parliament, said the proposed reforms would have transferred too much power into the hands of the ruling party.
"It was shifting power from the regions to the center in a really unbalanced way," they said. "It was a dangerous reform for the roots of our democratic system."
However, the referendum was widely thought to act as a litmus test for the rising wave of populism spreading in Europe , and the chance to register discontent with the current government.
This, according to Schlein, was Renzi's "completely unnecessary" mistake. They said that personalizing and dramatizing the vote meant that many of the people who voted 'No' -- particularly the younger voters -- did so for political reasons beyond the text of the reform and its consequences.
"The vote was transformed into a vote on themselves and their government," they said.
What happens now?
Italy's President will decide what to do next.
They could piece together a government out of the current Parliament or call for a general election in which Beppe Grillo's Five-Star Movement party is expected to extend populist gains.
Grillo, the entertainer-turned-politican -- known for their unruly language and mop of silver hair -- campaigned heavily for a "no" vote on constitutional reforms. They made a name for themselves on Italian TV in the 1970s and 1980s and capitalized on their show-business bravado to promote an anti-establishment movement spanning both the left and right of politics.
Foreign observers fear that if Grillo comes to power in an early election, he'll call a referendum to scrap the euro, go back to the Italian lira, and perhaps even follow Britain out of the European Union.
"They have long promised to hold a referendum on Italy's membership of the single currency," said Vincenzo Scarpetta, senior policy analyst at think tank Open Europe.
Celebrations from the right
The result was also lauded by one of Italy's leading right-wing politicians, Matteo Salvini, whose anti-immigrant party will seek to make gains in a general election.
The conservative leader of the Northern League is known to be a vocal supporter of Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini. In February, Salvini praised the Italian dictator for doing "so many good things."
Viva Trump, viva Putin, viva la Le Pen e viva la Lega! https://t.co/r8FXztp9Am — Matteo Salvini (@matteosalvinimi) December 4, 2016
"Long Live Trump, long live Putin, long live Le Pen and long live the League!" they said in a tweet.
France's National Front party leader and fellow eurosceptic Marine Le Pen also took to Twitter.
"The Italians have rejected the EU and Renzi. We must listen to this thirst for the freedom of nations and for protection!" they said.
Les Italiens ont désavoué l'UE et Renzi. Il faut écouter cette soif de liberté des nations et de protection !MLP #referendumcostituzionale — Marine Le Pen (@MLP_officiel) December 4, 2016
What does it mean for the banks?
There are fears the results of the vote could cause more uncertainty in the country's banking industry
JUST WATCHED Banks on edge ahead of Italian referendum Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Banks on edge ahead of Italian referendum 02:35
Italy's banks have suffered for years from high costs and low returns. Among the weakest is the world's oldest operating bank, Monte dei Paschi (BMDPF) . It needs five billion euros after failing a test of its financial health earlier this year. Its stock has fallen by more than 80% in 2016.
Investors, fearful of the political turmoil, could demand a much higher price for providing the money some banks urgently need. Banks might then be unable to pay that price or find willing backers, leaving them in need of a state bailout.
Italy's economy, which has been stuck in neutral for decades, is also likely to suffer. Renzi's government had embarked on a series of reforms aimed at boosting growth and prosperity.
Many of those are incomplete or still in the pipeline, and progress is now likely to stall. New elections could take place, but they may be many months away. Economists expect growth to weaken sharply next year.
Sony Drops the Price of Gravity Rush 2 to $39.99
Six months after launch, Sony has dropped the price of Gravity Rush 2 for PlayStation 4 to £34.99/$39.99 USD/$49.99 CAD. The new price is live on the PlayStation Store, and is beginning to go live at several retailers.
If you want to try Gravity Rush 2 before buying it, a free demo is available on the PlayStation Store. Other free digital content includes the NieR: Automata Costume Pack, Dark Angel Costume, PSO2 Collaboration Pack, and story DLC The Ark of Time – Raven's Choice, which features Kat's partner, Raven.
If you're new to the series, you can pick up Gravity Rush Remastered on PS4 for $29.99 USD.
In our review of Gravity Rush 2, we said, “Gravity Rush 2 lacks quite a bit in the story department, even with the side missions, but the improved combat and series-unique exploration make it difficult to put the game down.”
Other PS4 game price drops on the PlayStation Store within the last few days include: LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens to $19.99 USD, LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens Deluxe Edition to $29.99 USD, LEGO City Undercover to $49.99 USD, and Mortal Kombat XL to $29.99 USD.
Will you be getting Gravity Rush 2 now that it's $40?
[Source: PlayStation Store via Wario64, PSPrices]
A spokesperson for the Munich prosecutor's office confirmed on Friday that an investigation had been launched after it received a tip-off from Siemens' own anti-corruption division.
"Arrest warrants have been issued and arrests made," the spokesperson said, adding that several people were under investigation.
Siemens on Friday confirmed a report by the newspaper Financial Times Deutschland about the alleged corruption by three company managers working in Kuwait.
The payments were allegedly made by employees in Kuwait
"We informed authorities and acted against the employees very quickly," a spokesperson said. The three individuals are believed to be no longer working for the company.
Alleged payment to intermediary
The managers are alleged to have made payments to high-ranking individuals in the Gulf state's Energy and Water Ministry. The company received several contracts during 2010 from the Kuwaiti government, which is investing heavily in the development of its electricity grid.
The German news magazine Spiegel reported that the intermediary of a Kuwaiti politician had asked for a payment of 1.25 million euros ($1.8 million).
Spiegel said the aim was to influence the awarding of a contract worth some 180 million euros, for which a Japanese rival was also competing.
Siemens, whose operations range from light bulb and mobile telephone manufacture to nuclear power stations, has made an effort to clean up its image since a corruption scandal came to light in 2006.
That case involved executives, who were alleged to have operated a 1.3-billion-euro fund to help win contracts.
Author: Richard Connor (AFP, dpa)
Editor: Nicole Goebel
Joan Rush, LLB, LLM (Health Law and Ethics) is a former adjunct professor in the faculties of law and dentistry at the University of British Columbia.
Why are we surprised to discover, through a scandal involving abusive Facebook posts, that discrimination and harassment are present at the Dalhousie University Faculty of Dentistry? Leadership of the dental profession and of Canadian dental education remains a white male bastion. The deans of all ten faculties of dentistry in Canada are men, and of the 18 directors of the Canadian Dental Association, only one is a woman. There are no people of colour on the CDA board, yet many dentists reacted angrily to a July 2013 online post in the Journal of the CDA by Dr. Ernest Lam calling for greater diversity in the leadership of the profession. One dentist argued that rather than worry about diversity, CDA leaders should limit the number of graduates to promote greater profitability for working dentists.
Like all forms of discrimination, the misogyny and callousness at Dalhousie have been carefully taught. The CDA and the Deans Committee of the Association of Canadian Faculties of Dentistry should reflect on the message sent by their glaring lack of diversity and their failure to care about the growing number of Canadians who do not have access to essential dental treatment.
Story continues below advertisement
The "tone at the top" in the CDA and in dental faculties creates a sense of entitlement among dental students and encourages a lack of empathy for the many Canadians who need their care. Dental students receive no mandatory training in treating special-needs patients and are taught that, because dentistry is private, they can offer any service and charge any fee they wish. The result is a profession that does a great job providing cosmetic dentistry and Botox to wealthy Canadians while failing to provide essential dental treatment to Canadians who are poor, disabled, elderly or living in remote communities. The Canadian Institute for Health Information reported in November 2013 that, relative to the 34 countries of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, Canada performed "poorly" in insuring equitable access to dental care.
The women of the Dalhousie dental faculty are within their rights to demand an appropriate response to the sexual harassment they experienced. In addition, Dalhousie must assure all Canadians that the university does not accept the culture of hatred and chauvinism that developed in some of its male dental students and faculty. Dalhousie can use the revelation of degrading and misogynistic behaviour as an impetus to change the culture of the dental faculty into one that places a priority on empathy and commitment to care.
The members of the Dalhousie dental "Gentlemen's Club," which was responsible for the offensive comments, could dedicate their first year of practice to working, under supervision, in hospitals, geriatric residences, not-for-profit clinics, and in remote areas of the province, to serve patients who desperately need dental treatment. The chauvinistic professor who showed their class a safety video featuring bikini-clad models could dedicate time to supervising the Gentlemen's Club members during their year of service, as could Dr. Tom Boran, Dean of Dalhousie's Faculty of Dentistry, who has so far remained silent about the culture that developed within their Faculty.
Canadians pay a lot for dentists to be trained. Tuition fees for dental school are shockingly expensive, but still represent less than a third of the real cost of training. Taxpayers make up the difference. It's time that Canadian dental faculties ensure that their graduates are trained to be respectful and empathetic to each other and to all Canadians, so that dentistry can become the partner in health care that Canadians need it to be.
The early days of Bitcoin gained the first great cryptocurrency a reputation as dirty money. The Silk Road remains one of the first salient examples of a thriving Bitcoin economy, and even now the currency still has yet to completely shake off that reputation. However, as Bitcoin tries to move mainstream, Monero, a very privacy-focused digital currency, has rocketed to the top of the cryptocurrency rankings by going after exactly what took its predecessor to glory.
Bitcoin is better than fiat, but not by enough for regular people to care
The hard fact of Bitcoin that even hardcore fans must admit is that it's not incredible enough to make everyone want to jump on board right away. Yes, digital distributed ledger technology is world-changing, and Bitcoin's decentralized and efficient workings are far superior to what the old financial system can offer, but right now that doesn't affect the average person's life.
Banking services are highly entrenched and developed, while the Bitcoin economy is still relatively fledgling and niche, meaning that the contrast in the inherent virtues of each is not immediately apparent.
In the First World, the average middle-class person can swipe a card and pay instantly at thousands of merchants, shift money from accounts, make online purchases, and send funds around the world.
Sure, much of this would be cheaper and faster if done with Bitcoin (especially for international transfers between individuals), but not significantly enough where the average person would care to change their ways. The amount of time required to learn how to use Bitcoin just isn't worth it to most people, especially if they aren't properly educated as to all the ways in which they can save money and operate more efficiently.
Dark and illegal markets are the only ones who both need and can use cryptocurrency
While Bitcoin has certain advantages over the banking system, its benefits really shine for the unbanked. However, how many of the unbanked are lining up to jump on the crypto train? Many of them are lower class laborers or denizens of impoverished countries, meaning they are most likely to have low educational levels, have little disposable income, and spend the vast majority of their earnings locally.
For some of the world's poor, learning about Bitcoin won't improve their day-to-day, earn-cash-spend-cash lives. For others, the same technological and infrastructural barriers preventing them from using banks also keeps them away from cryptocurrency. And all need significant help and education to get started with profiting from Bitcoin use in the first place.
So, who has both the technical education and can derive financial utility from the use of cryptocurrency? Dark market buyers. These are customers who very well may have access to banking services and the education to take full advantage thereof, but nonetheless have a need for an alternative. Because the illegal services they peruse are either denied banking or purposely eschew it for privacy reasons, they need another avenue.
Cryptocurrency is a perfectly viable alternative, and because of this Bitcoin gained early traction with services such as the Silk Road.
Monero singularly pursued Bitcoin's captive market
Now, Bitcoin's claim over the dark markets falls to Monero. The privacy-centric cryptocurrency touted as being impossible to trace, contrary to its competitors seeking more mainstream adoption, deliberately sought out dark market integration. With the Alphabay and Sigaint integrations causing the value to rise over tenfold over the last couple of months Monero's rise could even lead to illicit Bitcoin users changing stolen coins to cover their tracks.
Bitcoin, while struggling to make early gains in the mainstream markets, gained much of its initial popularity in the underground economy.
Now that the number one cryptocurrency has moved on to more above-ground uses, Monero, rather than follow these footsteps and seek public acceptance, has gone straight after the source of its predecessor's former glory. So far, this strategy seems to be paying off, big time.
QCOSTARICA – Costa Rica's Ad Astra Rocket Company recently received $10 million in funding from NASA for further development of its Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket (VASIMR).
The VASIMIR is an electromagnetic thruster capable of propelling a spaceship to Mars in just 39 days, cutting the trip by months, according to Franklin Chang, a former MIT student, NASA astronaut, and CEO of Ad Astra.
Space need to be open to the entire world. We can't have just a few selected human beings to represent humanity out there. There's 7 billion of us but only a few hundred have been able to see the beauty of the planet. That doesn't seem right…,” Franklin Chang
According to Chang, “this is like no other rocket that you may have seen in the past. It is a plasma rocket. The VASIMR Rocket is not used for launching things; it is used for things already in orbit. This is called “in-space propulsion.”
Ad Astra's rocket will travel ten times faster than today's chemical rockets while using one-tenth the amount of fuel.
VASIMR heats plasma, an electrically charged gas, to extremely high temperatures using radio waves. The system then provides thrust by funneling the hot plasma out of the back of the engine. According to Diaz, VASIMR will save thousands of gallons of rocket fuel and tens of millions of dollars a year.
In the following video, Diaz explains in great detail the origins of space travel and why the magnetoplasma rocket technology will revolutionize space travel and exploration.
Magnetoplasma Rocket
Since the 1970s, starting at MIT and then for 25 years at NASA, astronaut Franklin Chang Díaz and their team of scientists have worked to develop a faster propulsion technology for space travel. The result is the VASIMR engine, a plasma rocket that can travel 10 times faster than a chemical rocket, uses 1/10th the amount of fuel, and can transport cargo more economically than any existing space technology. Watch the video published on Novemeber 18, 2014
Source: Industrytap.com
Related
Like about a quarter of Americans, I classify as bilingual — in fact, because my parents are first-generation immigrants, I was taught Mandarin before I learned any English. But as is the case with many second-generation students, 12 years of English-centric education has made me fluent in one language at the expense of the other. In other words, as time has passed, I've lost touch with my Mandarin-speaking background.
This usually hasn't been too much of a problem: My parents and I communicate smoothly via a train wreck “Chinglish” hybrid, and I know enough to stumble my way through a 10-minute call with relatives. My friends and I regularly joke about how badly we botch our families' native languages, but life goes on. As a copy editor, however, I know that I'm supposed to pride myself on my lingual proficiency. So my clumsy Mandarin, in actuality, is one of my biggest insecurities.
I have a copy complex: Using a language I don't have complete control over puts me in a state of legitimate distress. It leaves no room for my regularly scheduled pretentiousness, instead flipping my status so that I'm the one being corrected. Say I open up WeChat and comment on an article about Google. My grandpa points out that instead of “Google” (gǔgē), I've entered the characters for “skeleton” (gǔgé). Not only have I just been obliterated by an 80-year-old man, but I've also reminded my extended family that I'm the only nonfluent member of the group chat. I delete the chat history. I delete WeChat. I tell myself I'll never write Chinese again without double-checking, but a week later, I re-download the app and send my family the word “meatball” instead of “wrist.” My reputation and self-worth: gone.
Maybe because I'm a competitive asshole, falling so far behind everyone in a field as second-nature as language makes me indescribably uncomfortable. It's not just the blow to my ego; it's the curbing of the expressive freedom that I usually take for granted. To a two-time uncontested middle school spelling bee champion (my peak), suddenly not knowing how to write “sneeze” feels like a slap in the face. That might be why I dropped French for journalism in high school — my mental copy editor tells me that it's pointless and embarrassing to keep learning a language if I'm not already good at it, to speak it if I haven't mastered it, to write it if I haven't memorized its stylebook.
This insecurity anchors me in my English comfort zone, distancing me progressively further from my family's native language. In the world's saddest positive feedback loop, the worse I get at Mandarin, the less inclined I am to relearn it.
Lately, I've been telling myself that the only real solution to this complex is to own up to my ineptitude. My fluency in English has no correlation with my natural skill in any other language. Just as English parts of speech as basic as articles are absent in Chinese, many intricacies of Chinese — for example, its defined inflections, phono-semantic compounds and endless backlog of four-character idioms — lack English counterparts, meaning that I'll have to work as hard as anyone else to achieve any level of Mandarin proficiency.
So catch me at your local cafe, marking up an integrated Chinese textbook when I think no one is watching. I won't let this mindset get the best of me.
Contact Angela Dong at [email protected]
By Dr Simon Ross Valentine
This month marks the 70th anniversary of the crossing of the river Araxes (Aras) by the “500” Kurdish fighters led by Mullah Mustafa Barzani on June 17-18, after their long march from the failed Mahabad republic, to the safety of the Soviet Union.
The Mahabad republic 1946-47, although short-lived, had been, as Qazi Muhammad's son Ali Qazi (thirteen at the time of the republic) stated, “was a golden page in the history of the Kurdish liberation struggle.”
Azerbaijan (another newly established republic) fell to Iranian forces in December 1946. With the Americans, British and Russians leaving Iran in the same year, the Kurds stood alone against the military might of Iran. On 16 December Qazi Muhammad (President of the Mahabad republic), in an attempt to save as many lives as possible, surrendered to General Homayuni, the Commander of the Shah's army, bringing the republic to an end.
After repeated skirmishes with the Iraqi authorities, on May 6, at the village of Argosh, Barzani and their fellow commanders, made the historic decision to head for the Soviet Union. On March 31, 1947 Qazi Mohammad and other leaders of the republic were tried by the Iranians and executed. Shortly after, Mustafa Barzani and the Kurdish fighters under their command, finding continued resistance futile, decided to return to Iraq. Constantly harassed by the Iranian army and air-force, Barzani's beleaguered force reached the Gadar River on the Iran-Iraq border on April 13, but was prevented from crossing by Iraqi police.After repeated skirmishes with the Iraqi authorities, on May 6, at the village of Argosh, Barzani and their fellow commanders, made the historic decision to head for the Soviet Union.
By early June, having been refused entry into Turkey, and under attack from both Iranian and Turkish soldiers, Barzani and their men began the trek along the mountain road of Tasta-Bedaw, an arduous climb, reaching up to 3,000 metres in altitude. Masoud Barzani, the current President of the Kurdistan Region and also Mustafa Barzani's son, writing up the memoirs of their father (published 2003), records how the leading group of Peshmerga, the group led by Misto Mirozi, made snow steps using the butts of their rifles enabling the following groups to carry the sick and wounded on their backs.
As at other times in Kurdish history, the mountains proved to be the Kurd's trusted friend. Masoud Barzani states how on one occasion Turkish reconnaissance planes failed to discover the slowly moving Peshmerga because they hid in a forest thicket (Nahaila Gavari) near the headspring of the Great Zab River. At other times Barzani and their men cleverly out-manoeuvred their pursuers by marching, halting then changing course when it was dark. By adopting such tactics they and their diminutive, yet efficient fighting force had by May 27 climbed to the top of mount Spiraiz, and again entering Iran, travelled through the regions of Begzadeh and Shikak.
Everywhere they went the Barzanis were welcomed by the local people who, although poor themselves, gave them food and clothing. In the Shikak area Masoud Barzani describes “misty-eyed, the villagers lined up along the roadside, outside every village, welcoming the Barzanis and offering them water, yoghurt, and food.”
Throughout this march, guerrilla tactics proved to be effective against the Shah's troops. However, sometimes the Peshmerga faced the Iranian forces head on, usually achieving notable victories. Such was the case at the battle of Mako on June 9 and at Mount Sousoz the following day, when Barzani's force defeated much larger and better equipped Iranian forces. Taking advantage of this victory, and the disarray of the Iranian army, the Peshmerga captured the Mako Bridge thereby enabling them to cross the Zangi River. Everywhere they went the Barzanis were welcomed by the local people who, although poor themselves, gave them food and clothing. In the Shikak area Masoud Barzani describes “misty-eyed, the villagers lined up along the roadside, outside every village, welcoming the Barzanis and offering them water, yoghurt, and food.”Throughout this march, guerrilla tactics proved to be effective against the Shah's troops. However, sometimes the Peshmerga faced the Iranian forces head on, usually achieving notable victories. Such was the case at the battle of Mako on June 9 and at Mount Sousoz the following day, when Barzani's force defeated much larger and better equipped Iranian forces. Taking advantage of this victory, and the disarray of the Iranian army, the Peshmerga captured the Mako Bridge thereby enabling them to cross the Zangi River.
By June 16 the Barzanis had reached the village of Soketli, a check-point at the river Araxes near Mount Ararat on the Russian border. The journey had been arduous and demanding. During the fifteen or so days since being barred from Turkey, the Peshmerga, already fatigued from previous fighting in Iran and Iraq, had walked with weapons and kit, 250 miles across the Zagros Mountains. Several lost their lives, not only to the pursuing Iranian army, but to disease and inclement weather. The list of the fighters who accompanied Barzani on this march mentions Othman Miro, from Shirwani, with the poignant note: “died in the snow on the Iranian border."
The crossings of the river Araxes took place over two days, between June 17-18. Masoud Barzani informs us “Sheikh Sulayperson crossed with a group on June 17, Barzani and another group crossed on June 18th."
Zrar Sulaiman Dargalaye one of the original “500” Peshmerga still living today, told me: “Once we reached the Araxes we asked the Russians for help. We asked for boats. No help was given though. So we had no option but to swim." Zrar adds however: “Before we could cross the river we came under heavy machine gun fire. We had no choice but to take the machine-gunners out. Mustafa Barzani was watching us with their binoculars. There were five heavy machine guns. We managed to capture four. As we advanced the Iranians ran away.”
Many Peshmerga, stated Zrar, “swam, with their equipment on their backs, through the fast flowing, icy water. Some, early in the morning, others at night.” ... “Some fighters,” continued Zrar, “used their cheet (the sash, waistbands each Kurdish man wore as part of their tradition garb) as a rope, tying themselves together and, carrying a full army pack, swam across the river.”
Four of the Long March 500 Peshmerga circa 1949 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan: (from right) Mohammad Amin Dargalayi; Soleyman Bag Dargalayi, sitting, third person (unknown), and the Zrar Solaiman Bag Dargalay.
Muhammad Biyayi, another survivor of that march, informed me how, as the “Russians refused to help, providing no boats, we made rafts from poplar trees growing nearby”. Others, they said, defied the strong currents of the river by “wading hand-by-hand through the freezing water."
Other survivors describe the scene. “Once on the other side," stated Kazim Mustafa Omar Shanedari, now living in Salahaddin city near Erbil, “the Russians came and asked us to leave our weapons. They brought us trucks to transport us”. “When I crossed the river," remarked Hamad Amin Hussan Dargalaye, now an old man living in Soran, “there were two or three people on the other side to pull me out of the water. I carried my rifle and ammunition on my back."
Although traditionally it is said that “500” crossed the Araxes River, the actual number was most probably less due to fatalities from the fighting (and the harsh weather) during the journey through the mountains. Mustafa Barzani later refers to 469 Kurds registered for Russian citizenship.
Although initially the Peshmerga were treated harshly, deliberately separated into different groups and most placed on collective farms, they later made Russia their home obtaining jobs, receiving university education and raising families. They returned to Iraq, as heroes, (many with Russian wives) shortly after the July 14th Revolution of 1958.
The historic march of the “500” and the crossing of the Araxes River into Russia, was a defining moment in Kurdish history. As Masoud Barzani states: “The name Araxes entered Kurdish culture, and to this day, Kurds name their boys Araxes after it.”
It also marks an important stage in the development of Peshmerga as a fighting force. While in the Soviet Union, Mustafa Barzani and their fighters received military training from the Russians, acquiring new skills and procedures, which would be used most effectively in the Ayloul Revolution, after their return to Iraq. As such, Peshmerga was, in a very real sense, an army in waiting.
But most importantly, as Masoud Barzani remarked: from 1947 “Peshmerga became the symbol of Kurdish freedom,” a model of courage and an inspiration to Peshmerga fighting Daesh today.
The Bills had little trouble getting to the quarterback last year in Jim Schwartz's 4-3 defense. A front-4 of Mario Williams, Marcell Dareus, Kyle Williams, and Jerry Hughes will do that for you. But how will this group fare in Rex Ryan's aggressive 3-4 scheme this season?
One needs to look no further than 2013 to find out. That year, Mike Pettine was the defensive coordinator. Having come from the Jets, where they served as the defensive coordinator for 4 years under Rex Ryan, Pettine implemented a system in Buffalo very similar to Ryan's. The Bills finished with 57 sacks that year, 3 more than their league leading 54 in 2014.
There are a few misconceptions that moving from a 4-3 to a 3-4 will be a major adjustment, especially for defensive ends Mario Williams and Jerry Hughes. The thought is that instead of having their hands in the dirt on just about every play in a 4-3 and exploding forward off the ball, in a 3-4 they will vary their time between getting upfield and dropping out into coverage as outside linebackers. Or perhaps they'll spend some time as 5-technique defensive ends forced to 2-gap instead of attacking the offense.
Here's the thing to consider, though. NFL defenses are more often in sub-packages than in base personnel. This means Nickel, Dime, and other personnel variations. Every team uses a true 4-down look at least some of the time in these sub packages (the majority of teams use it most of the time). For instance, 32 of the Bills 57 sacks in 2013 came from a 4-down look. 45 of their 57 sacks came when the Bills were in some kind of sub-package personnel. So the majority of their sacks came when they were not in a traditional base 3-4 despite being a supposed 3-4 defense. This means that Buffalo's vaunted front-4 will still have plenty of opportunities to rush the quarterback out of a 4-down look in Ryan's defense.
The other thing to consider is that Rex Ryan doesn't really use a true 3-4 alignment all that often. Below is another look that Ryan likes to use when they are in base personnel. This is from a game in 2013 (when Pettine was the defensive coordinator). It is actually closer to a “4-3 Under” alignment than a true 3-4. As you can see, similar to how they would be used in an actual 4-3 base defense, Mario Williams has their hand on the ground ready to rush the passer.
What makes this a “4-3 Under” look is that the 3-technique defensive tackle is to the weak side of the offensive formation (away from the tight end).
With the 1-technique defensive tackle occupying the center, this makes it more difficult for the offense to double-team the 3-technique and defensive end to that side. Here, you can see that both the 3-technique and Mario Williams are in 1-on-1 matchups against the guard and tackle respectively.
This type of look will absolutely benefit the likes of Mario Williams and Jerry Hughes. It will also benefit Marcell Dareus and Kyle Williams whenever they are aligned as the under 3-technique.
The simple translation for all of this is that whether you put Mario Williams, Jerry Hughes, Kyle Williams, and Marcell Dareus in Rex Ryan's 3-4 or a Jim Schwartz's 4-3 base system, they will still get to the quarterback. A look at their numbers from the last two seasons supports this notion. Hughes had 10.0 sacks each year. Mario Williams had 13.0 sacks in 2013 and 14.5 in 2014. Kyle Williams had 10.5 sacks in 2013 and 5.5 in 2014, while Dareus notched 7.5 in 2013 and 10.0 last season.
This isn't to say a system change won't be an adjustment. Of course it will. Rex Ryan's defense is more complex than Jim Schwartz's. However, with that complexity comes the ability to attack the offense in more ways. So while players will have a wider array of alignments and responsibilities, they'll also be able to come at the offense in unpredictable ways. Last season, it was tough enough for offenses to keep the Bills from getting to the quarterback when they by and large knew where everyone would be. That level of difficulty should increase tremendously now that Bills defenders will not always align in the same spot.
Let's also not forget that no one in the game is better at getting free rushers to the quarterback than Rex Ryan. They love to use overload blitzes that manage to break down protections and get defenders in free without always sacrificing coverage. He'll continue to confuse and confound quarterbacks around the league with all of the unconventional looks they draw up. Not only will they move Mario Williams and Hughes around, but he'll also put Marcell Dareus on the edge as Pettine did at times in 2013. He'll put their defensive ends to one side and their defensive tackles to the other, creating mismatches in Buffalo's favor. Without a doubt, Ryan will find ways to isolate their best pass rushers in 1-on-1 situations. And when their D-line is drawing all of the attention, he'll blitz their faster linebackers and safeties.
Ryan would be able to do most of this with 4 bums on their defensive line. The fact that they have arguably the best front-4 in the league means that even when they aren't manufacturing pressure on the quarterback, the Bills will still be able to get pressure. We haven't even mentioned the fact that Ryan has much better cover corners in Leodis McKelvin, Stephon Gilmore and Nickell Robey than they had in New York over the last 2 years. He'll be able to play the aggressive press-man coverage they love this year in Buffalo.
Regardless of whether or not the Bills finally make the playoffs this season, one thing is certain – there aren't too many offenses that will enjoy playing against them in 2015.
Lutz Bachmann, founder of the anti-Islamist group Pegida ("Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West") has resigned after a photo of them dressed as Adolf Hitler went viral.
Pegida gained notoriety after staging a protest in the German city of Dresden in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo shooting. The event drew upwards of 25,000 people and has since inspired Pegida offshoots across Europe. The group believes in the preservation of German Judeo-Christian values and advocates for a stricter refugee policy. As a result, Pegida has drawn parallels to the Nazi party.
Advertisement
Those comparisons became harder to dismiss after a photo of Bachmann sporting a Hitler mustache and hairstyle were published by multiple German tabloids.
Bachmann initially shrugged off the photo and claimed that it was satire, posting a screenshot of the film "The Great Dictator" (in which Charlie Chaplin plays a Hitler-like dictator) with the caption, "He can do satire, Lutz can't!" to Facebook.
Advertisement
This didn't appear to appease their critics, and Bachmann officially stepped away from Pegida the same day the extremist group was planning its largest protest to date in Liepzig.
"I apologize sincerely to all citizens who feel offended by my posts," Bachmann wrote on Pegida's official Facebook page. "I'm sorry that i have harmed the interests of our movement."
Beyond damaging their group's reputation, Bachmann is currently under investigation by Dresden authorities.
Advertisement
"The suspicion is of incitement to popular hatred," a spokesperson for state prosecutors said.
Fidel Martinez is an editor at Fusion.net. He's also a Texas native and a lifelong El Tri fan.
Major League Soccer commissioner Don Garber said on Wednesday that recent comments by U.S. national team manager Jurgen Klinsmann's about the league and certain players were "detrimental," "wrong," and "personally infuriating."
Garber was responding to a series of comments Klinsmann made over the last week about players such as Clint Dempsey and Michael Bradley who decided to return to MLS after spending portions of their respective careers in Europe.
"There's nothing I can do about it," said Klinsmann before Tuesday's 1-1 draw against Honduras. "I made it clear with Clint's move back and Michael's move back that it's going to be very difficult to keep the same level that they experienced at the places where they were. It's just reality. It's just being honest."
Since Klinsmann made those comments, Garber indicated that they had heard from several MLS owners indicating their displeasure with the U.S. manager. At issue was not only the substance of Klinsmann's comments, but that they also made them publicly. The comments clearly struck a nerve with Garber.
"Sending a negative message to any player -- and obviously to U.S. players -- that signing with MLS isn't going to be good for their career or good for their form is incredibly detrimental to MLS," the commissioner said.
Klinsmann also said that Bradley "has to prove that they haven't lost a bit" after going through a full season with lowly Toronto FC.
At first glance, all Klinsmann seems to be saying is that the top leagues in Europe still represent a higher playing standard than MLS. Garber felt that Klinsmann went further than that.
"I believe what he's saying is that the players that have come back -- [Bradley] and [Dempsey] specifically -- have seen their form diminish because of their move to MLS," they said. "I don't believe that is true at all."
Garber continued their salvo by commenting on Klinsmann's decision to leave Landon Donovan off the World Cup roster and said they saw parallels between the U.S. manager's treatment of Donovan and that of Bradley. Just last week, Klinsmann said that they thought Donovan -- regarded as the best player the country has produced -- could have done "a bit more" in their career.
"I don't know what could have possibly motivated Jurgen to so publicly criticize Michael Bradley, and ultimately Clint," they said. "It's concerning to me that it seems to be following a pattern that began with their criticism of Landon.
Garber later added, "I believe that Landon should have been in Brazil, not because they earned it or deserved it, but because their performance dictated it, and if anybody disagrees with that ... then I believe their treatment was inexcusable. And I have concerns that their criticism, particularly of Michael, is following that same pattern. If Jurgen wants to talk to Michael about what they believe is in the best interests of their career, go ahead and do that, but don't use a global media platform to do that."
Garber insisted that they have a good relationship with Klinsmann, and that they were in favor the U.S. manager's contract extension that was given six months before the World Cup. But they added that they the game's power brokers need to "align with the vision that has been established" and that in Klinsmann's case, "I don't believe that's happened."
At last, we'll have plenty of room to couch our situational comments in actual context. We've all been there before: two years ago, you livetweeted a movie. And yet, today, you get a baffled reply to one of the two-year-old livetweets from a stranger, who didn't get your joke, or who didn't understand what you meant. They might not even realize that you were watching a movie! Who are these people? Your tweet had a context, once. Wouldn't it be wonderful if you had enough space, enough characters, for it to have a context forever?
Do people even livetweet anymore? It feels like when Twitter populations were thinner, and we all generally followed fewer people and had more control over the things we were exposed to, livetweeting a film or a season finale was a thing to do. Social viewing! But now the online population is so vast and raucous, if you went to, say, Star Wars: The Force Awakens on opening day and livetweeted everything you saw, you would probably be widely considered A Bad Person. Spoilers are everywhere, and moment-to-moment participation tweets seem less fashionable.
People also like to use Twitter to have arguments, and up until now those arguments generally have always concluded with someone saying: “Twitter is a terrible discussion format.” I mean, of course it is; you are whittling your outrage into tidy packets and firing each salvo out into the universe before – let's be honest – you even read your opponents' replies. You aren't really interested in a discussion format – you are performing your argument for onlookers. Surely the act of bombarding strangers with furious snippets – asynchronously – while you drink half a bottle of wine in front of Netflix would be vastly improved, as discussion formats go, by the ability to type out an entire full-length screed. Right? Why not lay out the complete screed before you refresh your replies?
I mean, people on Twitter LOVE screeds. We all have one or several people in our timelines who do that thing – you know the thing, where their first tweet of the evening is something like, “a thought.” And then about 32 seconds later, according to the timestamp, they follow up with “and I'm going to get ranty, here, so feel free to unfollow or mute,” and then 42 seconds later, “especially as I know a lot of you definitely do NOT watch Sherlock, but bear with me,” and then you'll have your timeline peppered intermittently with their strongly worded ideas. Every few tweets will be from this one person, a finely carved holiday slice of whatever potent thing they are thinking or feeling in front of their instantaneous platform. The 140-character limit has created for this user a kind of punctuation, but has not engendered in them any respect for brevity, nor the carefully chosen word.
Isn't that the common argument in favor of the value of writing in 140 characters? That it's an elegant limit that forces us to truly meditate upon each word we float gently into the global conversation from moment to moment? That after years beset by the sprawls of journals and weblogs, the 140-character limit has brought a kind of modern artistic minimalism to online communication? If you have ever spent any time trying to compose The Perfect Tweet (come on, stop rolling your eyes, even you have tried), you might even have appreciated the limitation, noting how it makes you, it must make you, a better writer, a wittier, weirder comedian.
But the ways we use Twitter must be beginning to pound at the retaining walls of 140 characters. It's clear that so many of us have thoughts we need to complete. What if the character limit has created emotional distance between people? You start saving your intimate rants and your most elaborate personal disclosures for Facebook, where you can post as many words as you want in one whole serving, rather than shearing your gall into 140-character ribbons so that people can just grab hold of the juiciest ones and wave them around. When you carve your self-expression into portions and then some people are going to favorite – oops, I mean “like”, with the heart, as it is now – some portions more than others, you start to feel reserved, and under scrutiny, and then probably it's just easier to post links to stuff or to quietly favorite – I mean “like” – other people's tweets. And so you turn away from Twitter.
This considered detente on the character limit is Twitter's way of asking us to open up to it, to come back, to get close, to say more. It wants to increase engagement by giving us more room to move. And it's not like there would be massive walls of text to scroll through in your feed – the proposed scenario would still have 140-character blocks, but with a sort of “read more” option if you wanted to read more. As it is I spend a lot of glazed-eyed phone time thumbing through my feed refreshing and rereading the same half-thoughts; if there were full-length posts to read, it's possible I might find the time more rewarding, rather than a partial activity whereby I just sweep fragments out of my own head by reading other people's fragments.
Twitter has also been crucial to amplifying the voices of activists, providing a platform for experiences of violence and oppression that conventional media would ignore. But its fragmentary nature often means individual stories get chipped into tiny bits and scattered to the winds, and misinformation can spread in times of crisis. It would be good if there were more textual space for these stories. I mean, I've never tweeted from a crisis, unless you consider Pitch Perfect 2 a crisis, and maybe people who are trying to be heard and spread information in a crisis won't really have time to post a long thing on Twitter, but if they want to, they should be able to.
I mean, 10,000 characters is a lot of characters. The Guardian has asked me to fill 10,000 characters here, and I am only about halfway there at this point. No one on Twitter is really going to use all 10,000, are they? The average user might only maybe want to add a couple extra lines, or a couple extra paragraphs, right? After all, Twitter can give us all the space in the world, but I'm guessing there will still be a fundamental resistance to change when it comes to user behavior. Twitter is a platform for of-the-moment information conveyed in small bites, for reaction gifs and weird, tiny jokes, and we all go elsewhere for our longreads and our deep dives. People usually go to Tumblr if they want to write 500 word one-shot rants about anything. So while this 10,000-character thing sounds like it would be a huge change, I don't think users' concept of Twitter nor their fundamental relationship with it will actually evolve much.
I mean, I bet (hope) there will be some kind of Twitter Fiction or Twitter Longform Roleplay community that emerges. And I have a perverse curiosity about what kind of bizarre black holes celebrities and subculturists alike will surely step into once they are presented with the irresistible lure of a blank field, theirs to fill with whatever has danced to the tip of their proverbial tongue. But for nearly 10 years now we have been acclimating to tweet-sized thoughts, and we have found their format useful, and I don't think we will voluntarily deprogram just because the option is there.
I have not spent all my 10,000 characters yet. 10,000 characters is enough room to make a complete argument in favor of something, and then stretch your arms and legs into the remaining space so far that you double back on yourself, begin to make the argument against.
So on the other hand, is the impact of information we receive lessened if the density decreases? If we have the leisure to lengthen our thoughts and our arguments, will we necessarily? Will it take longer to take the pulse of the day? Separately from the issue of self-expression, what about Twitter's utility? Will it be lessened in all of our self-indulgence? Even if most users carry on as normal, will even a little self-indulgence hurt the utility?
And anyway, it doesn't matter. If Twitter is shedding users and seeing its stock fall, experimenting with character limits is not going to help. Twitter's main problem is that it offers nothing in the way of user experience, provides no valuable way to isolate yourself from goons and has done nothing to ensure the safety of vulnerable users from harassers and creep campaigns.
It's simply become unpleasant to expose oneself to other Twitter users. Interacting at any level of visibility on the service is perpetually stressful, and while the service has made plenty of room in recent years to shove sponsored tweets into your timeline, its curation tools are opaque where they exist at all. I'm not even looking forward to publishing this article, or any article, because of Twitter. What might have been a platform for discussion has become a place where most users cringe at the very word, and this 10,000-character limit business cannot possibly have any impact on these dire straits.
OK then, I've been around the entire issue. What to do with the remaining characters? I suppose I ought to think about it, because you know others will aim to use the space creatively. Glitch art, ASCII art, emotional song lyrics of the day? Wow, what if “signature pictures” come back in fashion? The elaborately formatted quotes and text-work people would sign off their Livejournal posts or their forum posts with? Filling digital space is its own kind of art blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah god 10,000 characters is too muc
And the case against...
Veteran commentator Jeff Jarvis is less keen on Twitter busting out of 140 characters. And here's why – in 140 characters:
Who Owns Most of the World's Gold? 4% of the World Controls 12.6% of the Gold
With gold prices getting ready to soar, we've decided to find out who owns the most bullion in the world.
It's no surprise that governments, central banks, and investment funds are the world's largest holders of gold reserves. These organizations know gold is the ultimate store of value that protects against inflation and offers a safe haven during times of economic and geopolitical turmoil.
To find out who owns the most gold in the world, we referred to data from the International Monetary Fund's International Financial Statistics Report.
The 10 Biggest Gold Owners in the World
#10 -- The Netherlands
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
10 Netherlands 612.5 55.2%
The Netherland central bank, De Nederlandsche Bank, oversees the Dutch national finances, including the country's 612.5 tonnes of gold reserves. The Dutch's gold is currently account for 55.2% of the country's foreign reserves. Five years ago, gold accounted for 61.4% of the The Netherlands foreign reserves -- although there has been no change in the nominal amount of gold the Dutch hold.
#9 -- Japan
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
9 Japan 765.2 2.4%
Although Japan is the ninth largest gold owner in the world, its 765.2 tonnes of the yellow metal account for just 2.4% of the island nation's total foreign reserves. In the past five years, gold's share of Japan's foreign reserves has very slightly increased.
#8 -- Switzerland
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
8 Switzerland 1040.0 7.7%
Conducting Switzerland's monetary policy is the Swiss National Bank, which oversees the country's 1,040.0 tonnes of gold. The gold is believed to be stored in huge underground vaults near the federal Parliament building in Berne, but the Swiss National Bank treats the location of the gold reserves as a secret. Switzerland has sold just a tiny bit of its gold holdings since 2010. However, gold's share of the Swiss foreign reserves has dropped to 7.7% from 37.1% five years ago.
#7 -- China
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
7 China 1054.1 1.0%
Most people tend to assume that China is one of the top three gold-holding countries. And while China does own quite a bit of the yellow metal, the Chinese gold accounts for only 1.0% of the nation's total foreign reserves. And although the country has slightly added to its reserves, gold's share of China's total foreign reserves has actually fallen from 1.8% five years ago.
#6 -- Russia
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
6 Russia 1,208.2 12.2%
Russia owns just over 1,200 tonnes of gold, which account for 12.2% of the country's foreign reserves. Only recently did Russia begin publically reporting the country's gold holdings.
#5 -- France
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
5 France 2,435.4 72.6%
The Banque De France is responsible for France's gold holdings, which have been reported at about 2,435.4 tonnes by the International Monetary Fund. In five years, France has sold a small bit of it's gold holdings (about 15 tonnes). But like many other countries on the list so far, gold's share has fallen from 72.6% five years ago to 65.6% today.
#4 -- Italy
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
4 Italy 2,451.8 66.6%
The Italian National Bank, Banca D'Italia, manages the country's large gold holdings, which account for 66.6% of its foreign reserves. Italy, which controls 2,451.8 tonnes of gold, hasn't altered its reserves in several years.
#3 -- IMF
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
3 International Monetary Fund 2,814.0 n/a
The International Monetary Fund oversees the global financial system by following the macroeconomic policies of its 185 member countries. It is an organization formed to stabilize international exchange rates and facilitate development and offers highly leveraged loans, mainly to poorer countries.2,814.0
The IMF's gold policies have changed in the last quarter century, but the reserves remain in place for use in stabilizing international markets and aiding national economies. The IMF's official policy on gold as it is stated on the organization's website is governed by the following principles:
As an undervalued asset held by the IMF, gold provides fundamental strength to its balance sheet. Any mobilization of IMF gold should avoid weakening its overall financial position.
The IMF should continue to hold a relatively large amount of gold among its assets, not only for prudential reasons, but also to meet unforeseen contingencies.
The IMF has a systemic responsibility to avoid causing disruptions to the functioning of the gold market.
Profits from any gold sales should be used whenever feasible to create an investment fund, of which only the income should be used.
The IMF is naturally going to alter its gold reserves more than a country. However, the IMF's gold reserves have dropped significantly from 3,217.3 tonnes five years ago to 2,814.0 tonnes today -- a 12.5% decrease.
#2 -- Germany
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
2 Germany 3,384.2 67.8%
The Deutsche Bundesbank, Germany's central bank, is the most influential member of the European System of Central Banks. With a hefty 3,384.2 tonnes of gold reserves, Germany's gold accounts for almost 67.8% of the country's total foreign reserves. Both the nominal tonnage and gold's share of Germany's foreign reserves have dropped a little in the past five years.
#1 -- United States of America
Rank Owner Tonnes Share of Foreign Reserves
1 United States 8,133.5 72.6%
The United States holds the largest gold reserve in the world. With 8,133.5 tonnes, this massive gold reserve represents about .9436 an ounce for every person living in the country.
The majority of the American gold is reported to be held in the world-famous United States Bullion Depository in Fort Knox, Kentucky, although there is some controversy that suggests otherwise. The remainder of the U.S. reserves are held at the Philadelphia Mint, the Denver Mint, the West Point Bullion Depository, and the San Francisco Assay Office.
The United States has not added to to subtracted from it's gold holdings in several years. However, gold's share of U.S. foreign reserves have dropped from 78.3% in 2010 to 72.6% today.
The top ten largest owners of gold in the world are reported to control nearly 24,000 tonnes -- or over 768 million troy ounces. With gold spot prices at $1,100 an ounce, this metal would be worth approximately $845 billion and represents about 14% of all the gold ever mined.
We continue to urge all Wealth Daily readers to buy and hold both gold and silver in anticipation of significantly higher precious metal prices.
Good Investing,
Luke Burgess
The Environmental Protection Agency warned us to expect more radiation in rainfall, and this weekend the prediction came true. Radioactive isotopes from Japan's nuclear disaster were detected in rainfall samples from Boise, St. Paul, and Richmond, CA, the EPA reported late Saturday.
"Precipitation samples collected by EPA in the states of California, Idaho and Minnesota have seen very slightly elevated levels of radiation," according to the EPA news release issued last night.
Similar isotopes had been found earlier in rainfall samples in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts, and in milk from Spokane, Washington. EPA says the levels are well below levels of health concern, although some of the rainfall contamination has been higher than the maximum contaminant level permitted in drinking water.
Drinking-water levels are set for long-term exposure, the EPA has explained, while rainwater exposure is of short duration.
Radioisotopes Detected
In the most recent results:
Richmond, CA, rainwater samples contained Iodine-131 and Tellurium-132 .
CA, rainwater samples contained Iodine-131 and Tellurium-132 . Boise , Idaho samples contained Cesium-134, Cesium-137, and Iodine-131.
, Idaho samples contained Cesium-134, Cesium-137, and Iodine-131. St. Paul, MN samples contained Iodine-131.
In this round of testing, rainwater samples from other locations showed no detectable levels. Those locations are in Alabama, Connecticut, Georgia, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, Tennessee, and Washington. Full results are available in this pdf.
The EPA expresses the contamination in picocuries—a measure of the amount of radiation emitted by atoms—per liter of water. For comparison, the human body contains about 120,000 picocuries of natural radioactive elements, such as isotopes of potassium and carbon, according to the consulting firm Integrated Environmental Management. That's about 1,500 picocuries per liter, as a normal level of internal radiation for an average human on an average day.
Contaminant Levels
In the latest results:
Richmond samples showed 138 picocuries per liter of iodine-131 and 5.96 of tellurium-132.
samples showed 138 picocuries per liter of iodine-131 and 5.96 of tellurium-132. Boise samples showed 242 picocuries of iodine-131, 11.2 of cesium-134, and 11.6 of cesium-137.
samples showed 242 picocuries of iodine-131, 11.2 of cesium-134, and 11.6 of cesium-137. St. Paul samples showed 32.3 picocuries of iodine-131.
Although these levels are well below the levels of health concern observed by the EPA, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Centers for Disease Control, and other agencies, some experts contend the human body should not be absorbing artificial fission products at all. Some radioisotopes, such as iodine-131, accumulate in the thyroid gland where they may pose a cancer risk.
Scientists and health experts issued a joint statement last month from the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, the American Thyroid Association, The Endocrine Society, and the Society of Nuclear Medicine. It says:
With radiation accidents, the greatest risk is to populations close to the radiation source. While some radiation may be detected in the United States and its territories in the Pacific as a result of this accident, current estimates indicate that radiation amounts will be little above baseline atmospheric levels and will not be harmful to the thyroid gland or general health." via endo-society.org (pdf)
Officials trace these radioactive isotopes to Japan because they are products of nuclear fission that do not normally occur in the environment.
"Elevated levels of radioactive material in rainwater have been expected as a result of the nuclear incident after the events in Japan since radiation is known to travel in the atmosphere," the EPA news release states.
Related Posts:
If we hit the stretch goal our backers will be involved in a vote choosing 5 additional colors!
The beginning of something new.
A little pocket between the fold creates a perfect spot for the coated neo-magnet.
The neo-magnet slides into it's new home!
The entire seam is sewn shut including the magnet pouch.
The permanent fold is born.
Our Patent Pending Clingies™ towel will always hang straight and folded!
As you can see on this Clingies™ prototype we are using an extremely soft exterior and more aggressive interior. Testing will continue throughout the campaign until we have the perfect towel.
We are not new to Kickstarter! We have some experience and over 10,000 awesome backers from our previous projects!
We love simple ideas. Sometimes less is more and the simplest products can make us smile :)
We're dedicated to make the best all around towel the world has ever used.
Samples of different materials and patterns we considered to Manufacture Clingies™ with.
Finding towel manufacturer's that were willing to work with the little guys like myself was actually way more difficult than I imagined. Then I had to convince them to make Clingies™ which require much more work and attention to detail in comparison to a regular towel. You have the fold that needs to be perfect, then a pouch needs to be sewn in, our tag stitched on, the magnet inserted and finally sewn shut. This is time consuming considering basic towels require nothing extra. They can make 3 regular towels in the time it takes to make 1 Clingies™ towel!
The hemmed edge of the different towels. All so similar yet so different.
The hemmed edge of the towels is important because this is what structurally holds the towel together. If this edge is weak, the entire towel is weak. When considering which type of finishing edge we would like we actually made a little cut and tore the towel to see which holds up best (shown a couple pictures below). There is give and take when it comes to the finishing edges. The stronger the edge the stiffer the towel feels. We are still determining which direction we will go.
The inside of the towels really showing the different styles and characteristics.
From this view you can really see the GSM (grams per square meter) of the towels. GSM is really important because this will determine absorption abilities and the life of the towel. Generally 200-300 GSM is a poor quality towel. 400-600 GSM are great quality towels - usually gym towels and nicer washcloths. 700-900 GSM are great-luxury quality bath towels and usually pretty puffy. If you have ever felt that ultra plush super thick bath towel there is a good chance it's a 900 GSM, while this is attractive it's much to thick for everyday use. We are shooting for 500-600 GSM which is considered an excellent quality towel and perfect thickness for Clingies™ uses.
Various patterns we considered.
We decided to go against the patterns just because we didn't want anyone to "not like" the pattern. We figured you can't go wrong with a basic towel. We also found that the pattens tend to not absorb liquids as well and they were not as soft on the face. We do plan on making patterned towels in the future if our campaign is successful!
Liquid absorption testing at it's finest!
We tested each of our samples by pouring one teaspoon at a time into the center of the sample squares. Once the towel was completely saturated we moved to the half teaspoon until water started to leak away from the edge of the towel. It was actually amazing to see how much water some of the samples absorbed. It was also very cool to see how the water would instantly absorb into some materials and bead up on others. Microfiber would hold a significant amount of water but the initial contact with water if the towel was dry was terrible. We found the 100% cotton samples to have the most and quickest absorption power from a dry state. Rayon was also extremely soft and would be great on the face but it would more or less just smear sweat and water.
Testing the strength of the towels.
As I wrote earlier a big part of the strength is the finishing edges. Once the finishing edge of the towel has been cut or torn it's game over for almost all the towels. Some definitely performed better than others but overall every towel is dependent on a solid hem and border. The wear during wash and dry cycles proved to be in the favor of 100% cotton as well. Most of the other materials tested would fray and become static and appear old after only 2 cycles. Some of them even formed little lint balls after only 1 cycle.
The feel of 100% cotton towels.
We decided on 100% cotton towels after all of the above tests. Clingies™ 100% cotton towels will have a great feel, a long life and will quickly absorb liquids. We are still testing and gaining feedback on having a different texture on each side of the towel. We hope to gain feedback from the backers to make a final decision before going to production. One thing we can tell you is that our towels will have 500 - 600 GSM (grams per square meter) which is found in higher quality gym sized towels. All our decisions will be finalized over the next 30 days. Our goal is to have a premium towel with awesome functionality. We're not looking to disappear after Kickstarter with these towels, we wan't them to be everywhere!
A few of the different strength and size neodymium rare earth magnets we tested. I couldn't get them all in the shot because they continually pulled into eachother.
It seems like it would be so simple to choose the correct magnet. Well it really wasn't. There are so many things to test and keep in mind with the magnets. You can't have a magnet to strong or it can dent or damage the objects your sticking it too. If they are to weak they become pretty much useless. If they are to thin they can break. If they are to thick you have an annoying bulge in your towel. What shape? Round performed best and eliminated sharp points that could potentially wear through the towel. What kind of coating? Towels do need to be washed so we needed a rustproof finish. We are actually working with a magnet manufacturer and getting samples this week with a rubber coating to even further better our product. We want quality from the inside out.
Docking Dots™ opened up a whole new window for Clingies™ towels. No metal - No problem!
Developing our Docking Dots™ was the easiest part of the the entire project! I can't give you too much information on how these are made at this point, it's top secret. I will save it for an update that will come within the first week or so. I can tell you that the Docking Dots™ will have an extremely nice quality finish! Additional close-up pictures will be up soon.
We tested several different sizes of towels and went in-between a washcloth and a typical gym towel. Obviously a wash cloth was too small for many uses and the typical gym towel is much too large to hang around your kitchen. To be honest we feel the typical gym towel is actually to large in general, they probably make them this way so you can hang them over equipment benches etc. This is actually pretty gross when you think about how many other peoples sweaty towels are in the same spots all day long. We ended up with the above footprint and feel it performed with perfection many situations.
We take our Backers seriously. When it comes to timelines we don't mess around. This is our 3rd Kickstarter project with the previous two tallying over 10,000 backers! We delivered nearly spot on with our previous projects and plan to do the same with this one. We will be very transparent on how things are going and will send frequent updates to all our Backers. No project ever runs "perfect". There will be hiccups and problems along the way no doubt. The way they are managed is the difference between a successful Project and a "funded" project that was unsuccessful. My previous projects had many problems along the way -but they were my problems- and they were tackled successfully. I plan to make this as smooth as possible for you guys. Enjoy the ride!
Special thanks to Bernie, Doug and Mechanic-Bryson from Skagit Cycle! I appreciate you allowing us to film and utilize your awesome facility for testing.
Special thanks to thank Doug from Thrive Fitness Anacortes for always taking the time to check out my inventions and allowing me to utilize their beautiful facility for filming and testing!
Huge Thank you to our videographer Eero Johnson for shooting our awesome video. It's always nice to meet great people. Thanks for the wonderful experience!
FAQ
1. Are Docking Dots™ and Clingies™ towels Patented? Our Docking Dots™ and Clingies™ towels are Patent Pending.
2. Will Clingies™ stick to all metal? Clingies™ will stick to any ferromagnetic metal surfaces. Many metals are ferromagnetic and many are not. Do a test with a magnet if you are unsure. Our Docking dots™ create a perfect hanging spot on almost any surface that your Clingies™ won't stick to! Simply peel the backing off the Docking dots™ and stick!
3. What are your towels made from, will they shrink? Our prototype towels are made from 100% cotton. Through our testing we have noticed about a 5% shrink after several wash cycles. At this point the final material is 100% cotton but if our backers have suggestions we will listen!
4. How do I wash Clingies™? Washing Clingies™ is no different than any other towels. Clingies may stick to the inside of some washing and drying machines but this does not change the way they are cleaned or dried. I have over 40 cycles on some of our prototypes and they come out clean every time.
5. Will Clingies™ colors bleed? We have not experienced any bleeding of the colors but Like any other colorful clothing or towels we suggest washing your clingies™ with other colorful materials.
Kevin the orange tabby cat was temporarily housed at the Thousand Palms Animal Shelter this week, prior to their journey back to South Carolina. Images courtesy of the Riverside County Department of Animal Services.
--
An agricultural inspector near the Arizona-California border recently got a bit of a surprise when they took a peek inside a U-Haul trailer being towed into the state -- and found a meowing cat inside.
The discovery was also a surprise for the woman towing the trailer, since they don't even own a cat.
But sure enough, Kevin the orange tabby somehow managed to crawl inside the trailer and took a cross-country ride from South Carolina to Riverside County, animal-control officials said this week.
"The orange tabby was very stealth in their travels," Riverside County Department of Animal Services Spokesman John Welsh said. "He made it all the way to the Arizona-California border without detection."
Now, local authorities have helped the kitty to make one more voyage-- this one sanctioned, as the kitty was flown back home to their owner on Wednesday, out of Palm Springs International Airport.
"We have handled some pets with crazy backstories, and this is one more for the list," said Robert Miller, director of Riverside County Animal Services. "The good news is we know the owner, they want their pet back and we'll make that happen."
Kevin was flown back to South Carolina on Wednesday, thanks to donations from the Shelter Transport Animal Rescue Team, the Animal Solutions Konnection Foundation and Riverside County shelter employees.
After the dehydrated Kevin was spotted during a search of the U-Haul trailer, they were taken to the Blythe Animal Shelter, where workers found they had a microchip identifying the owner -- Cheryl Walls of Anderson, South Carolina.
According to Riverside County officials, Walls adopted Kevin from a shelter in June 2013, and one day that fall, they let them go outside. Kevin had been outside before and always returned, but this time they never came home.
"I assumed someone must have picked them up," Walls said. "Now they have seen more of the country than me."
– City News Service contributed to this report.
Oregon coach Chip Kelly and the Cleveland Browns wrapped up seven hours of meetings Friday that were characterized as "very positive," though Kelly informed the Browns that they would proceed to interview with the Buffalo Bills and the Philadelphia Eagles, according to team and league sources.
Kelly interviewed for five hours with Browns owner Jimmy Haslam and CEO Joe Banner before they took a break and had a two-hour dinner. The sides agreed to talk again Saturday night after Kelly's interview with the Bills on Friday night and the Eagles on Saturday.
But as of late Saturday night, Kelly hadn't had their second visit with the Browns because they and the Eagles had been meeting for much of the day.
While sources say Kelly has positioned themselves as the favorite to become the next Browns coach, there is no contractual agreement in place. However, the two sides see no significant obstacles that would prevent a contract being completed if they decide to move forward Saturday night, the sources added.
Kelly informed Haslam and Banner that they wanted to "go through the process" by meeting with the Bills and Eagles, something they regretted not doing last hiring season when they only interviewed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, according to a source close to the Oregon coach.
Haslam and Banner did not object to Kelly's wishes to meet with those teams.
According to league sources, the Eagles were flying from Philadelphia to Arizona on Saturday morning to interview Kelly. Sources said Kelly gave the Eagles their word they would meet with them.
But Kelly said after Thursday night's Tostitos Fiesta Bowl win over Kansas State that they hoped to have the process "wrapped up quickly."
The 49-year-old Kelly turned down an offer from Tampa Bay last year to return for their fourth season at Oregon, where they are 46-7. They have boosted the school's national profile with a high-powered offense capable of turning any game into a track meet.
The curious case of Macho B, the jaguar captured in southern Arizona, has quickly descended into finger pointing and official investigations.
There are questions about whether the jaguar was euthanized too quickly, as well as accusations they were captured on purpose, not accidentally, as the Arizona Game and Fish Department has stated.
On Thursday, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said its law-enforcement division had begun a criminal investigation into all aspects of the capture and death of the animal.
It began its investigation after a request from U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva and because Game and Fish asked for an outside agency to look into what happened.
Already, the complicated legacy of the jaguar's capture and death stands in stark contrast to the simplicity of their life, when they roamed northern Mexico and southern Arizona for 15 years.
The jaguar, an endangered species, was captured on Feb. 18 by a team led by the Arizona Game and Fish Department.
From the very beginning, Game and Fish said the capture was inadvertent.
The agency said it was trapping as part of a years-long study of other large mammals in a remote section of the Coronado National Forest west of Nogales.
Once a jaguar was captured, Game and Fish decided the opportunity to learn more about the elusive animal was so compelling that Macho B was sedated, fitted with a satellite radio transmitter, and released.
Jose Viramontes, of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife's regional office in New Mexico, said Arizona Game and Fish had the necessary permits to capture an endangered species as long as it was part of conservation efforts.
Macho B's radio collar would broadcast their location every three hours. After just a few days, however, those signals indicated trouble. The cat was not moving as it should.
On March 2, Macho B was found, tranquilized again, and flown by helicopter to Phoenix Zoo.
Hours later, zoo veterinarians decided the cat was suffering acute kidney failure and advised officials from Game and Fish and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that Macho B should be euthanized.
In recent days, however, there have been questions about the jaguar's treatment.
Macho B was very old for a wild animal, but when they were captured on Feb. 18, Game and Fish described them as "thick and solid."
They went on to add that "field biologists' assessment shows the cat appeared to be healthy and hardy."
But 12 days later, they were said to have "off-the-charts kidney failure."
After Macho B's death, some of their tissues were sent to the University of Arizona's veterinary diagnostics laboratory.
One of the pathologists there, Dr. Sharon Dial, said Macho B's kidneys were not in chronic failure. They were, in fact, fairly healthy.
They contended that Macho B may have been put down too soon.
Arizona Game and Fish pilloried them
I comments, the department said in a statement, were "outrageous, unprofessional and speculative."
Dial regretted that they may have put their lab in a "difficult position." But they are not backing down from their assertions.
"The kidneys did look good," Dial said.
One of the veterinarians who treated Macho B at the zoo, and who made the recommendation that they be put down, said they stand by their decision.
"He was in kidney trouble, big time," Dr. Dean Rice said. "His (kidney function) readings weren't high, they were off the scale. It didn't matter if it was acute or chronic."
Rice said that people who question if Macho B was put down too soon are forgetting the animal.
"The question becomes: How do you treat this animal? Keep them sedated for days? That's no good. You wake them up, you knock them down. You wake them up, you knock them down. That's not good for the cat. It would be tough for a zoo animal, and this was a wild animal."
Rice said if given the chance, they would treat the animal the same way.
"He was in very serious trouble," Rice said. "I think it was virtually impossible to treat him."
Grijalva wants all aspects of the animal's capture and death investigated, including whether the animal was targeted for capture by Game and Fish.
Their request may stem in part from startling accusations about the capture of Macho B. A woman directly involved in the capture said it was no accident.
Janay Brun, working with Game and Fish as a member of the Borderlands Jaguar Detection Project, told the Arizona Daily Star that they baited the trap that caught Macho B with jaguar scat as part of an effort to capture a jaguar and now regrets it.
"That jaguar meant a lot to me, and the fact that I mindlessly participated in this, it's a regret I'll have for the rest of my life," Brun told the Tucson paper.
Arizona Game and Fish vigorously denies them accusations.
Larry Voyles, the director of the department, said the jaguar was captured during a study of black bears and mountain lions.
"We knew there was the potential to ensnare a jaguar," Voyles said. "That was not the purpose or intent."
Voyles said that once the animal was ensnared, their agency needed to sedate it.
"You must tranquilize the animal to remove (the snare). That's the hard part. Putting a collar on it is easy," Voyles said. "To fail to put the collar on it, with very little additional risk, would be irresponsible."
The agency did have a plan in case it captured a jaguar, but that is not the same as planning to capture a jaguar, according to Voyles.
"We had a duty to be prepared," they said.
The necropsy of Macho B is ongoing at different locations. The data will be reviewed by Dr. Linda Munson, a veterinary pathologist and big-cat expert at the University of California - Davis School of Veterinary Medicine.
Viramontes said their agency will look at all aspects of what happened but "could not comment on the specifics."
Voyles defended Arizona Game and Fish. They said that based on the information they have, and unless an investigation yields new facts, they would do nothing different.
"Not that I can think of," Voyles said. And then they paused. "We wish the whole circumstance had not occurred."
Considering the notable success of its predecessor and the fact that we've thoroughly enjoyed our limited hands-on time with it so far, there's little doubt that current and prospective owners Wii You're keeping a close eye on Mario Kart 8. Much is yet to be revealed — such as the online and multiplayer modes, the potential inclusion of Communities and so on — yet Nintendo has time to build hype ahead of its 30th May release.
Details are slowly being teased out, however, and Nintendo's recently been using its social media channels to show a little more of some new courses; naturally we've decided to put them all in one convenient place. Of the five shown so far three have been playable at press and expo events — Mario Circuit, Toad Harbour and Twisted Mansion. All three of those have gone down well with the Nintendo Life staffers that have taken them on.
Below are the Facebook posts that give a glimpse of these new tracks, including Sweet Sweet Canyon and Thwomp Ruins.
Mario Circuit
Sweet Sweet Canyon
Thwomp Ruins
Toad Harbour
Twisted Mansion
Let us know what you think in the poll and comments below, while you can also check out the latest trailer that was first shown during the most recent Nintendo Direct.
Subscribe to Nintendo Life on
“And a certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God. Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Honour thy father and thy mother. And they said, All these have I kept from my youth up. Now when Jesus heard these things, they said unto him, Yet lackest thou one thing: sell all that thou hast, and distribute unto the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, follow me. And when they heard this, they were very sorrowful: for they were very rich.” ~ Luke 18:18-23
NOTES
Eternal life (Salvation) cannot be earned: it is a gift: Being “good” is NOT good enough. Jesus is the ONLY way into The Kingdom of God. Covetousness (the elevation of material over the spiritual) separates us from God. Salvation does NOTHING for us if it is not EVERYTHING to us. To receive salvation we most treasure it above everything else.
CHORDS
A wealthy young ruler came to Jesus and asked them what they needed to do to gain eternal life. And Jesus uses this opportunity as a teachable moment for the young ruler, their disciples and for us today. This was the second time that someone had asked Jesus, “…what shall I do to inherit eternal life?” On the first occasion (Luke 10:25) Jesus responded with a direct answer:
And they're answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself. And they [Jesus] said unto him, Thou hast answered right: this does, and thou shalt live. ~ Luke 10:27-28
Clearly Jesus' prescription for inheriting eternal life (which the Bible also, interchangeably, refers to as “Salvation” or “The Kingdom of God”) does not vary, but while They focused on the link between salvation and our attitude to our brother in the first instance (Luke 10:25-37), now Jesus focuses on the link between salvation and our attitude towards God.
How can we Inherit Eternal Life?
The prevailing philosophy among the Jews at the time was legalism: that Eternal life was inherited by those who followed every letter of the Law. However, as Jesus had earlier declared salvation was inherited by those who loved God and their brother.
Moreover, Jesus had spent much of Their ministry teaching that it wasn't the letter of the Law that was important; what was important was the spirit of the Law: i.e., that the Law had no relevance except in its expression of the love of God and your brother. Furthermore, Jesus explained that to inherit eternal life (to see the Kingdom of God) one must first be “born again”
Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, they cannot see the kingdom of God. ~ John 3:3
In other words eternal life does not come by what we do outwardly, but by what God does inwardly with our hearts/minds.
For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast. ~ Ephesians 2:8-9
But God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world. For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth any thing, nor uncircumcision, but a new creature. ~ Galatians 6:14-16
What Jesus does in this passage is guided the rich young ruler (and us) into seeing two obstacles, between God and man, which hinder the inheritance of eternal life. Significantly, Jesus does this within the framework of the Law, thereby allowing us to have the true understanding of the real purpose of the Law.
Who can we get Eternal Life from?
Though Jesus does not spend a lot of time on it, the first obstacle is identifying the source of eternal life. So, Jesus began by asking the young man: “Why callest thou me good? none is good, save one, that is, God”. Or, in other words, Jesus was asking them “Do you realize that I am God, the source of eternal life?” This is a key point, because, if the young man realized that Jesus was in fact God and not just another rabbi, then they would have made the first crucial step towards inheriting eternal life.
Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. ~ John 14:6
The sinful nature of humankind makes it impossible for us to be declared good (righteous) on our own. Therefore, an inescapable prerequisite to inheriting eternal life is recognizing the need for a Saviour and that Jesus ALONE is that Saviour. If we don't know we need Salvation we won't look for it. And, if we don't know who provides Salvation then we won't know who to get it from.
How then shall they call on them in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in them of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things! ~ Romans 10:14-15
What is Eternal Life Worth?
Jesus then turned Their attention to the second obstacle (between God an man) to salvation. And as Jesus continued to address the young man's question, They went where the young ruler was most comfortable: the Law. Specifically, Jesus points to the five commandments that, from a legalistic viewpoint, are perhaps the easiest to comply with: “do not commit adultery, do not kill, do not steal, do not bear false witness, honour thy father and thy mother”. The young man declares that they have indeed kept these commandments from their youth. (Notice that Jesus did not challenge the accuracy of their statement.) This was their comfort zone, they could legalistically verify their compliance with these commandments. If obeying these commandments were the key to inheriting eternal life, then they were set!
Now that they were feeling good about himself, it was the perfect time to “drop the bombshell”. Jesus confronts the young man about their standing with the tenth commandment—i.e., “thou shalt not covet…” (Exodus 20:17). The confrontation takes the form of a challenge to the rich young ruler to sell all they had, give the proceeds to the poor, and THEN follow Jesus. Jesus could have just asked the young man whether or not they had a problem with covetousness. But that approach would have been easy to deflect without forcing the young man to look deeply into their own heart/soul.
To understand what Jesus was doing we first have to understand what it is to covet. In Biblical usage, to covet means to desire something/anything that God has not given to you whether it be a person, or an animal, or something material (Exodus 20:17, Micah 2:2). In other words, to covet is to deny the sufficiency of God's provision. Therefore, covetousness elevates the material over the spiritual. Consequently, covetousness is the root of materialism (idolatry).
…no… covetous man, who is an idolater hath any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God. ~ Ephesians 5:5
…covetousness, which is idolatry: For which things' sake the wrath of God cometh on the children of disobedience ~ Colossians 3:5-6
By definition an idol is something/anything that takes the rightful place of God in our lives. Therefore, since covetousness is idolatry, it clearly is an obstacle for Salvation; it makes it impossible to inherit eternal life.
Conversely, Jesus makes it clear that it is ONLY when covetousness is removed that the pathway to eternal life opens up:
And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life. ~ Matthew 19:29
In other words, Jesus asked the young man to relinquish their material to gain the Spiritual; to give up remuneration to get Salvation. The young man had to consider whether their wealth meant more to them than the chance to be saved. Did they value the temporal more than the eternal? Were their possessions an obstacle to Salvation? Was they covetous?
Jesus told two parables that help us understand why Their challenge to the young man was crucial in answering the young man's original question: “Good Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?”
“Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, they hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that they have, and buyeth that field.” (Matthew 13:44) Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls who, when they had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that they had, and bought it.” (Matthew 13:45-46)
In both parables, the men that found the Kingdom of Heaven (i.e., Salvation) valued it so highly that they sold ALL they had to obtain it. So Jesus was really asking the rich young ruler: “How valuable is the Kingdom of Heaven to you?” “Is Salvation valuable enough for you to give up everything to get it?”
The implication of Jesus' challenge to the young man is that Salvation was only available to those who valued it FAR above everything else. Conversely, if material things, money, possessions, popularity, power, pleasure, even people, are just as important as Salvation then it is not available to you. Salvation is so precious that one can have nothing else with it. For Salvation to come to our lives, it must displace everything from our lives. Jesus described salvation as a narrow gate one so narrow that you have to shed everything in your life to get through it.
Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: Because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it. ~ Matthew 7:13-15
Jesus' challenge to the rich young ruler also applies to each of us: rich or poor, young or old, powerful or powerless. If to gain Salvation meant losing everything we enjoy in life, would we still take it? When They challenged the young ruler (and to us) to give up all they had, Jesus had already given up everything (Isaiah 53:1-12, Philippians 2:5-11) They had in heaven AND was about to bear the burden of all our sins and sacrifice Their lives to provide us with the gift of Eternal Life.
That's how much They valued Salvation!!!
The gift of Salvation didn't come cheaply, it cost Him everything. Accordingly, this valuable gift is not available to those who don't recognize its value. If Salvation means ANYTHING to us, it must be EVERYTHING to us. How much are you willing to lose just to get Salvation? How much is too much to lose to get Salvation? Are we more afraid of a life without God or a life without things? Can we be happy and secure with God and without things?
Eternal Life can't be earned, it is a Priceless Gift from God
At the end of this encounter with Jesus, the rich young ruler was very sorrowful. Moreover, in the accounts of Matthew and Mark, we are told They went away grieved/sorrowful (Matthew 19:22, Mark 10:22). The rich young ruler recognized that their covetousness was what was preventing them from receiving eternal life. And, they understood that they were not yet in the place where they valued salvation above everything else.
But this was good news!!! At least they knew where they were and where they needed to go. They knew they would have to discard their legalistic approach to life and ask God to search their heart and renew their mind. That salvation is a relationship with God that transforms a way of life and NOT a way of life that earns a relationship with God.
Many, many people claim salvation without ever facing up to Jesus' challenge, without ever evaluating how much salvation really meant to them. It is not sufficient to simply acknowledge God and live “good” lives. The rich young ruler did both but was still unsaved. We must come to the place where Salvation is more important to us than anything else in life, only then will we be in a position to receive the gift of eternal life, to enter into the Kingdom of God.
CODA
Am I saved?
Is salvation more important to me than anything else in my life?
How should Salvation be presented? Is “pray this prayer after me…” enough?
Is being “good” good enough?
►►►►►►►►►►►►►►►►
FC Schalke 04's teenage prodigy Leroy Sané was bitterly disappointed to have lost their first Revierderby after the Royal Blues succumbed 3-2 to Borussia Dortmund in Sunday's nail-biting encounter.
Borussia Dortmund 3-2 FC Schalke 04
Goals: 1-0 Kagawa (30), 1-1 Huntelaar (33'), 2-1 Ginter (43'), 3-1 Aubameyang (48'), 3-2 Huntelaar (72')
Leroy Sané (Schalke forward):"I'm very disappointed, because we really played well. We certainly deserved a point. We made life very difficult for Dortmund, particularly in the first half. The team gave everything, and was determined to take something away from Dortmund. I would have liked to have won my first derby. It's very disappointing that it didn't work out. We really got stuck into our challenges, and battled back after going behind. We now have to get the derby out of our systems, go into the international break and then go forward once again."
Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (Schalke forward): "We played well, we did everything we had to. We made it 1-1 at a good point, but it wasn't enough in the end. It's a shame as we played well. We deserved three goals and we got two. Sometimes mistakes happen in a game, it's normal. We were aiming for a good result and to impose our style."
Andre Breitenreiter (Schalke coach): “I'm pleased with my side's performance. Both teams were excellent and there were several outstanding individual performances. We just conceded at the wrong moments. They used their chances better than us. Dortmund has a lot of quality, particularly in possession. But our aim was to make it tough for them, be well organized, sit deep and impress going forward. It's important that we showed plenty of character today and we definitely could have equalised when it went to 3-2."
Check out our mini-sites dedicated to Schalke starsLeroy SaneandKlaas-Jan Huntelaar
Reid Wilson is the author of Read In, The Post's new morning tipsheet on politics.
We all know the dread that comes with an expiring driver's license. It may be about the passage of time or our advancing age. But mostly it's because we have to go to the DMV — purgatory in government form.
Except, that is, if you live in Ohio. More than 97 percent of customers at the Buckeye State's Bureau of Motor Vehicles said they were satisfied with their experiences, according to a recent survey conducted for the state. That's largely because Ohioans don't have to go to the BMV too often. They can renew license plates, schedule driving tests and change their addresses online, all services for which residents of many other states have to show up in person.
Even when they do go to the BMV, Ohioans don't have to spend much time there. The average Ohio resident waits just under 15 minutes to receive service at any of the agency's 204 locations around the state. Compare that with nearly 54 minutes in California, according to another survey conducted by DMV.com, a group that monitors driving statistics and state licensing policies.
In a separate DMV.com survey, Ohio also ranked high in customer satisfaction because of its low fees for registering vehicles and renewing licenses. According to data maintained by the Federal Highway Administration, the state charges $21.50 to register a typical vehicle; the average vehicle costs more than $50 to register in Texas and a whopping $100.75 in Oklahoma.
(The Washington Post)
Maybe it's a Midwestern thing. Illinois residents rated their motor-vehicle agency the second-best in the nation. Indiana ranked third in overall customer satisfaction.
What makes for a satisfied customer? Staying open, says Jordan Perch, a blogger with DMV.com who put together the survey. “Customers in states who reported higher satisfaction with office location and hours were more likely to report higher overall satisfaction with the DMV,” Perch wrote in an e-mail.
Oregon ranked last among 36 states plus the District of Columbia. (Too few residents in smaller states such as Alaska and North Dakota responded to make a representative sample size.) D.C. ranked 14th, behind Virginia (9th) but ahead of Maryland (22nd).
But no one beats Ohio's smooth ride.
Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.
Remember when then-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin told the nation the difference between "a hockey mom and a pitbull?" Or when they called for President Obama to be impeached? Here are those moments and more from Palin. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin (R) is on the national political scene again, using the English language and leveling charges against Obama in ways that really only they can.
In the last week, we've seen Palin employ a most unusually arranged assortment of words to endorse GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, then wrestle with a sensitive family matter that most people would prefer never to face -- or at least do so in private. But a domestic violence arrest -- for Palin's son, Track -- is not private. It is, in fact a matter of public record. And, what Palin had to say about it certainly made a claim for privacy almost non-applicable. Palin suggested their son is suffering with PTSD and that the incident of alleged abuse is, in some way, Obama's fault.
It has, in that way, been a week of classic Palin: Big speeches about dark things and fears, delivered in the form of cheery aphorisms studded with malapropisms, and a public relations-driven effort to try to move past or distract from a family crisis.
It almost feels like 2008 again, when debating and discussing Sarah Palin, what they represent and what they mean (philosophically and literally) was still fresh and new and people across the political spectrum seemed convinced that Palin was a figure poised to upend the established political order.
Just after the Republican Party's August national convention where Palin became its official vice presidential candidate, a Washington Post/ABC News poll found McCain went from down by 8 percentage points among white woman to ahead by 12 points -- from 42 percent to 53 percent. Obama dropped from 50 percent to 41 percent. Similarly, a second poll conducted by Newsweek found that between July and August, McCain's support among white women jumped from 44 percent to 53 percent.
Newsweek confidently proclaimed that Palin's candidacy seemed to be changing what had long been assumed about the way that voters respond to female candidates. Palin was a woman with five children -- one of them with special needs and very young and one of them a teenager about to have a child of their own. But conservative women didn't have a problem with them running or potentially taking on a demanding role in the White House. And it seemed that many women tied more closely to the political left either saw some things in them to admire or felt certain that the media had been unfairly hard on Palin.
But by the next month, there were signs that something Palin was doing or saying was no longer working with many women.
In late September, about one month before the election, a Time magazine poll found that among likely voters, Palin was actually doing best among men. About 52 percent of men described themselves as Palin fans. With women, the situation between the 'she likes me, they like me' not was pretty close. A full 45 percent of likely women voters reported a negative view of Palin.
That month, Gallup produced a multi-month look at the so-called "Palin effect." The takeaway seemed to be that there wasn't one.
The attention paid to white women's response to Palin had a lot to do with decades of political science showing that most voters are more inclined to seriously consider candidates with whom they have all sorts of things in common (and we are not referring to political ideals here). Minority voters have not always had such an option, but in the decades since the number of candidates of color first began to rise in municipal, state and other election, that pattern has shown up too.
By the first days of November 2008, when a CNN-ORC poll was released showing that if American adults had a chance to cast just a vote for vice president, Palin would have garnered 42 percent of the vote, while Democratic Party vice presidential nominee Joe Biden would have claimed 55 percent.
We are all aware of exactly how that election turned out. But, this detail matters: In the end, the all male Obama-Biden ticket beat out the McCain-Palin ticket when it came to women's votes. The Democratic ticket claimed 56 percent of votes cast by women (of all races), while the Republicans took 43 percent. The gender gap was basically the way it has been in almost every recent presidential election.
Palin then seemed to embark on an extended consolation tour that included resigning from the office of Alaska governor, engaging in various efforts to endorse, support and generally pump up the prospects of 2010 tea party candidates and becoming a regular on Fox News.
And, Palin pretty reliably said things that were, well, Palin-like in nature. People started to talk and write about what was beginning to look like the end of a once-promising national political figure. Palin, it seemed, was Palin's biggest problem.
In July 2014, Sarah Palin took to calling for Obama's impeachment for, as they put it, "years of abuse" culminating in a crisis at what they described as an unsecured southern border. And, because they are Palin, their language got a lot more colorful than that. "His unsecured border crisis is the last straw that makes the battered wife say, 'No mas.'"
That's what Palin wrote in a piece for Breitbart that month. Then, an NBC-Wall Street Journal-Annenberg poll found that a full 54 percent of voters described themselves as maxed out on Palin and their opinions on political issues. More specifically, they told researchers they had "heard enough from Palin and would prefer that they be less outspoken in political debates."
For some perspective, somewhere between 40 and 45 percent of voters surveyed in that same poll felt the same way about Jesse Jackson, Newt Gingrich and Dick Cheney.
And these are, of course, just a few moments in Sarah Palin history. Now that she's back, expect the speculation about where their political talents and unusual speaking patterns can take them to resume once again.
The Alienware Arena League of Legends Spring Season is coming to an end and the finals are being played next week, don't miss them! There are two tournaments for you to watch, one being an American tournament and one tournament for the European teams. On Thursday May 3rd both the third place decider and Grand Final of both tournaments will be played and both will be broadcasted by Alienware Arena.
League of Legends Spring Season Championships for North America
3rd Place Match at 7:00 PM CST: Triumphant Race vs. Team Electric
Finals at 9:30 PM CST: jpak and friends vs. Team Curse
Prizes
1st Place: $1,000
2nd Place: $500
3rd Place: $250
Stream: tune in here.
League of Legends Spring Season Championships for Europe
3rd Place Match at 7:00 PM GMT: ITrash vs. Prophets
Finals at 9:30 PM GMT: iPLAY vs. LLeague (Team FragZone)
Prizes
1st Place: €1,000
2nd Place: €500
3rd Place: €250
Stream: here.
﻿So there you have it, a whole Thursday packed with League of Legends action thanks to Alienware, don't forget to tune in.
Here you can see that the cups are a bit too tall near the straps.
Add caption
Under a cheap white Wal-Mart Tshirt you can see the lace, but otherwise a great nude bra.
Somewhat natural but rounded and slightly minimized shape.
Update
:
Angel Balcony/Plunge 70F
Angel 3HC 70F
After getting my Comexim Coco and loving it, I wanted to try more unlined Comexims. The Angel is a newer release so there wasn't any information on it. I chose my size based on the fit of my 60H Coco (which is too small in the band for me, but a great fit in the cups), I decided on 70F. I was initially going to get the balcony/plunge version in 70G with reduced cups, but Comexim doesn't reduce cups for unlined bras, after being informed of this I asked to change the size to 70F for both the balcony and the 3HC.The bras arrived along with my Comexim Quail , I had also ordered a new Milk and Honey to replace the one that didn't fit right, but it wasn't included, I emailed and found out that had run out of fabric, so I got a refund. Both Angel bras a absolutely beautiful in person, I liked them online, but was unsure of the uppper lace since the stock photo makes it look like a is a big contrast between the lace and the mesh, in person they are only a half shade to a shade apart.On both cuts the Angel is a single layer of mesh with the top of the cup being lace. The lace is not a stretch lace and is quite firm. If you are very FOT you may want to size up. I'm even to slightly FOT and while not really noticeable I do get a slight bit of bubbling on the balcony. I was request straps moved in 2cm on both bras.I tried on the balcony first as I was most unsure of how that would fit since I already had an unlined 3HC in a sister size . The balcony is a pretty good fit. The lace does close the cup off a bit, and does create some subtle bubbling. However this isn't noticeable under a shirt so this isn't an issue. I think a size up would probably be too big unless Comexim would reduce the cups on the unlined bras. I think that the Angel balcony would fit perfectly in a 70G with reduced cups, if Comexim would reduce the cups on the unlined.If I were to reorder the balcony I might try it with a narrowed gore (narrowed not overlapping). I feel like I'm spaced further apart in this than in a padded plunge, and I would like a bit of cleavage. Other than that minor issue this bra is very comfortable. The Coco lace on the entire cup and it is a bit scratchy, but the mesh used on the Angel is very soft and comfortable. The first day I wore this I was working outside for 12 hours in 90+ degrees, and was comfortable all day.Then I tried the 3HC Angel, fully expecting it to work just as well as my Coco since this is a sister size. Unfortunately this doesn't fit like my Coco, I think Coco runs a bit big, and this might run a bit small. The Angel 3HC is at least a cup too small for. I have quite a bit of quadding and also get some distortion in the side of the cup. The gore doesn't quite tack and when I press it down the quadding is much worse.The shape of the 3HC does seem to be a bit more uplifted than the balcony although it's hard to say how much of a difference it would be if the 3HC were the correct size. I will definitely be reordering, most likely in a 70G. I do think that even in the correct size the 3HC will be more uplifted and cakes on a plate like cleavage than the balcony, the balcony gives a slightly rounded minimized shape that is a bit more natural.As with my previous order the bands do seem to still be running a bit smaller. I sized up to a 70 band on this order because my last order had 65 bands that fit like a 55. This most recent order didn't run as small,but still on the smaller side.The color on the Angel is a peferct nude for fair skin, the lace on the upper cup can show the texture through a tight shirt. With this being such a good match to my skintone, I'm tempted to see if I can also order it without the lace upper. I do plan to order Angel again in 3HC and will post updates. I will add some photos under shirts when I get a chance, I have a hectic work schedule the next few weeks and it's taken me a few days to just get this post together.I ordered an Angel 3HC in 70G see the review/ comparison here.
One can see it throughout “Waterloo” – the closing episode of Mad Men, Season 7.1 – this era, these characters, Matthew Weiner seeks to bring them all back to circle. Most things being cyclical in nature (as Jon Hamm and several Mad Men promos have recently alluded to them being), with significant weight being afforded to the notion Weiner's team is going to leave the lot of Mad Men‘s characters better off than they began, one can begin to see the forest for its trees. And so here now, based on minor clues and insight, is what one can expect to see by way of 10 primary characters during Mad Men‘s final run:
Don Draper. The story of Don Draper reads like a new-age Gatsby, perhaps a more realistic one, at that, with the difference being Don Draper has already realized their nadir, and begun to claw their way back. Don is a master of reinvention, and this is critical, as rebirth signaled Don's emergence on the scene and it'll likely play a role throughout theirs bow.
As the age of the antihero begins to exceed its critical mass, showrunners find themselves hard-pressed to put a harrowing end to primary characters. Tony Soprano is presumably dead (regardless of how some asshole misinterprets David Chase), Omar Little is dead, Walter White is dead, Nucky Thompson is dead, and so is Jackson Teller. Fortunately, Matthew Weiner seems more interested in salvation. In a story with the setting of Mad Men, it wouldn't make much sense for Don Draper to simply kill himself. Lane Pryce and Adam Whitman have already done that, and the chances of seeing three significant characters committing suicide in one critically-acclaimed series seem unlikely. Forget about the opening credits. If you believe any television exec secretive enough to avoid releasing new footage prior to every upcoming season is simultaneously stupid enough to tip their hand during the opening seconds of every episode … well, that might be a poor assumption, at best. The only way a ritual suicide would make any sense would be if Don somehow went out as a martyr, bequeathing a great deal of their fortune to Anna Draper's niece, or, more to the point, that niece's child. The idea of Don providing a chance for the indirect descendant of a man whose identity they stole – a child born into this world under similar circumstances, no less – would appear to thread the needle almost seamlessly. Yet the thing is, there really is no need for Don to die in order for this to happen. Instead, look for Don to make a permanent move out west, providing full support for Anna Draper's niece's child. Don may even raise the child as their own, depending on its status. Look for Don to abandon advertising, to reinvent themselves in California. Given the time period – and the setting – one might even imagine Don as securing a foothold in the computer industry. Silicon Valley represented a goldmine during the seventies, and the idea of Don getting in on the ground floor would bridge both eras like a lattice. The long-shot? Don becoming some sort of pitchman inside the Hollywood machine. Would they be fantastic? Sure. But the publicity arm of Hollywood seems like an unlikely destination for any man who's vowed to leave that sort
of thing behind.
Peggy Olson. One of the more fascinating aspects of a long-running serial involves going back after the curtain falls and re-watching the original pilot. Breaking Bad is almost heartbreaking in this manner. Along those lines, no showrunner seems more aware of what each character was initially meant to represent than Matthew Weiner. Less than 15 minutes into the Mad Men pilot, Peggy Olson is introduced as “Don's girl,” one in a revolving carousel of secretaries handling their desk. Peggy arrives appearing homely, green and unassuming, yet deceivingly intelligent. Looking back – even without the benefit of Season 7.2 – it's clear that Peggy's character was always meant to be a symbol of empowerment. The only way to properly seal Peggy's ascent is by placing them in the same position Don originally inhabited back in 1960. Look for Peggy to represent the creative force in Jim Cutler's advertising agency of the future. They may be a partner (albeit just barely), and they may be on the cusp. Mad Men's writing team has been teasing this for the better part of a decade, most demonstrably when Peggy eases into Don's chair toward the end of Season Six, caught in the pose of an iconic silhouette from the show's opening credits.
The most recent episode of Mad Men included a scene during which Peggy walks into their apartment, entering into an exchange with a contractor. This contractor's name is Nick, and at one point Nick hands Peggy their number, saying, “In case you have any odd jobs, too small for Kaz.” The odds are long against this contractor disappearing. In fact, a guy like Nick makes perfect sense for Peggy Olson (i.e., a young Don Draper married the cotillion queen; why not have Peggy get it on with a strapping Dan?). Peggy's got an apartment opening up and they may be in need of a super. To have Peggy Olson end up in the same place Don began, well, that would be some symmetry, to say the least.
Pete Campbell. In terms of arc, Roger Sterling represents the same to Peter Campbell as Donald Draper does to Peggy. Though the show initially harped on the surrogate relationship between Don and Pete (with Pete perennially pushing for – and eventually earning – Don's approval), Pete's ongoing pissing match with Roger has taken center stage. Pete retains that blue-blood air, a family crest that got their foot inside the door. Yet at the age of 36, one can see them maturing into partner … an ill-begotten brat who's earned their keep along the way. In Jim Cutler's advertising agency of the future, expect Pete Campbell's name to be the second on the door.
Jim Cutler. One of the last things Bert Cooper said to Roger Sterling – or anyone, for that matter – was that Jim Cutler has a vision. For six-and-a-half seasons, Bert Cooper represented the most whimsical of Mad Men‘s characters, stunningly unaware of their own eccentricity. Cooper was the sage, buried deep inside their vault, popping out only occasionally to dictate proper course. Those glasses, the elitism, an outward lack of physical emotion … Jim Cutler is slowly turning into Bertram Cooper. In the ad agency of the future, Cutler will become the figurehead Bertram Cooper always was, steering the ship when it prevails on them to do so.
Roger Sterling. What does one do after they realize money only represents one-third of the equation? If one is Roger Sterling, they wind up embarking on a vision quest in their 50s, drifting off in the hopes of rediscovering what's lost. Expect Roger to take the money and run, spurred into action by the departure of Don Draper. Men like Roger Sterling prey upon prestige in the same way men like Cutler prey upon the investment. With little to gain and nothing to earn, you can expect Roger Sterling to bow out fiscally, and alone.
Joan Harris (née Holloway). Matthew Weiner's gone on record, explaining they knew exactly how Don Draper's story would end when they originally pitched Mad Men. By way of contrast, Weiner's also admitted they hadn't originally conceived of Joan Holloway as being a recurring character. This is telling, in the same way it's been telling to see the lack of evolution surrounding Joan throughout the seventh season. The perception of latter-day Joan is that of a beautiful-yet-aging woman who had to sleep their way into a minority share. Whatever comes of her, it won't amount to much. Maybe Joan stays, maybe they leaf. Maybe they morph into Ida Blankenship (who also shared a brief affair with Roger Sterling). The most tender thing about Joan knows their best assets are behind them She's got the money, yet they lack the ingenuity that sent Peggy into orbit. You've gotta wonder what type of impact that might have on her, long-term.
Betty Francis (née Draper). There are only two reasons Betty Francis might play a critical role along the stretch. The first has to do with Don's children, assuming that they leaf for California. The second has to do with what Betty knows regarding Don's identity. Keep in mind, Henry Francis is an aspiring politician. The higher they rise, the greater the probability someone might dig into their spouse's past. Is this a reach? It could be. But it's also the most viable currency in terms of turning up the heat. With Bert Cooper out of the picture, and Jim Cutler slithering into Don's garden, a reveal of that magnitude could shift the burners on, full-blast. Would disclosure set Don free? Would it send them into exile? In an odd sort of way, Betty Francis holds the key.
Ted Chaough. Ted Chaough wants out, which is why it's conceivable Don and Ted might reemerge as partners, in a new venture; one that reinvigorates them in the same way corporate advertising previously did. Barring that, expect Ted to show very little rage against the dying of the light. He's been there; he's done that. They want a break that's free and clean.
Bob Benson. Bob Benson was brought in to introduce a point. And that point was that being gay and poor and Podunk in the late 1960s had the same stigma in a business culture as being black or Jewish or Dick Whitman in the fifties. Bob Benson … Don Draper. You do the math. We've seen what happens when an executive is unceremoniously outed during the sixties. Perhaps we'll see how far that culture has evolved during the seventies.
Sally Draper. What viewers saw during “Waterloo” was the early maturation of Sally Draper, equal parts mother and father. Consider a scene in the Francis' backyard. Sally kisses a boy, disregarding Betty's one-time rule that, “You don't kiss boys; boys kiss you.” Note that Sally kisses the pimple-faced nerd, as opposed to an older bohunk who arrives wearing a football jersey (this during an episode where Jim Cutler refers to Don as “a football player in a suit”). Following the kiss Sally remains in the backyard, alone, where they smoke a cigarette, striking the same pose Betty Draper did during Season One. Expect more along these lines throughout the remaining episodes. Sally is their mother. She's their father. She's seeking independence or validation from each one.
Related: “Ranking the Women in Don Draper's Sex Life (1960-1969)”
(The final seven episodes of Mad Men begin Sunday, April 5th on AMC.)
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa saw their chances of becoming South Africa's next leader increase on Thursday when a powerful union group backed them to succeed President Jacob Zuma as head of the ruling party.
South Africa's Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa (L) and President Jacob Zuma listen to the national anthem at the opening of Parliament in Cape Town, South Africa February 11, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo
Zuma is expected to stand down as African National Congress (ANC) president at a party conference in December next year, ahead of national elections in 2019 when their tenure as president will end.
Ramaphosa, a former anti-apartheid leader popular with investors, is likely to face strong competition if they do throw their hat in the ring, including from Zuma's ex-wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, who is head of the African Union.
No one has declared an ambition to compete but unofficial jockeying has begun and the debate over who should succeed Zuma has heated up since the ANC suffered its worst local election results in August, exposing party divisions.
A split has emerged between those who want a successor loyal to Zuma, and a faction that wants a fresh start under Ramaphosa.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu), which is part of the ruling political alliance and claims to represent 1.8 million workers, became the latest to weigh in, telling reporters it had “resolved to campaign” for Ramaphosa.
“This is a victory for the camp opposing Zuma and backing Cyril,” said political analyst Nic Borain. “They are still up against it because Jacob Zuma's support base is dominant, but Cyril is still very much in the game.”
FACTIONS
Zuma's popularity has waned due to a raft of recent scandals but they remain in favor among the ANC grassroots and can count on the backing of large sections of the party, including the youth and women's leagues.
A lawyer by training, Ramaphosa, 64, was a founding member of the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), forged in the crucible of the struggle against white-minority rule in the 1980s. NUM, which has 200,000 members, backed Ramaphosa in September.
They went on to become the ANC's chief negotiator in talks that led to the end of apartheid and Nelson Mandela's election as South Africa's first black president in 1994. Their business interests have ranged from mining to McDonald's outlets.
But while Ramaphosa comes from the minority Venda tribe, Dlamini-Zuma, 67, is a Zulu, the largest ethnic group in South Africa, and would likely have the support of Zuma's powerful voting bloc within the ANC were they to run.
Around one in five South Africans are Zulu and politicians from Zuma's home Kwa-Zulu Natal province, a key ANC stronghold, exert influence over top party decisions.
Ramaphosa's position as a director on the board of platinum producer Lonmin when South African police shot dead 34 wildcat strikers in 2012 could also cut into their popularity.
The ANC's dominance of South Africa since apartheid's demise means it is widely expected to win the 2019 election, making its next leader almost certain to become president.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin attends an agreement signing ceremony with China's President Xi Jinping (not pictured) during a bilateral meeting at the Xijiao State Guesthouse ahead of the fourth Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia (CICA) summit, in Shanghai May 20, 2014. (REUTERS/Carlos Barria)
By Stephen Grey, Jason Bush and Roman Anin
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A grand estate on the Black Sea, allegedly built for Russian President Vladimir Putin, was partly funded by taxpayer money from a $1 billion hospital project, a Reuters investigation indicates.
While the existence of the property is well known, this trail of funding has not been revealed before.
Two allies of the Russian leader profited from state contracts worth nearly $200 million, according to customs documents and banking transactions examined by Reuters. Nikolai Shamalov and Dmitry Gorelov owned a company that supplied medical equipment to a federal hospital project - initiated by Putin - at prices some medical specialists say were inflated.
Shamalov and Gorelov then sent some of the gains to Swiss bank accounts, the records show. From those accounts money was transferred to a Liechtenstein account linked to the construction of a luxurious estate on the Black Sea popularly known as "Putin's Palace," the same records indicate.
Sergei Kolesnikov, a former business colleague of Shamalov and Gorelov, said in 2010 the estate was built on behalf of Putin. The Kremlin has denied that Putin, who has held power in Russia as president or prime minister since 2000, has any connection to the property.
The money trail emerged from a Reuters investigation into how the Russian state spends public funds. In a $1 billion health project announced by Putin in 2005, Shamalov and Gorelov acted as intermediaries, documents reviewed by Reuters show. The documents indicate two men owned a UK-based company, called Greathill, and used it to buy high-tech medical equipment, mostly from the German manufacturer Siemens AG. They then sold the equipment on to Russia at a profit.
Shamalov, a former sales executive of Siemens in Russia, did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for Siemens said the company was not aware of Shamalov's connection to Greathill. Gorelov said the import operation had been transparent and that Greathill sold equipment to Russia at prices approved by Russian state experts.
Bank statements indicate that the UK company Greathill paid $56 million to accounts in Switzerland after 2006, when Russia began to implement Putin's $1 billion project to improve healthcare. Those Swiss accounts were controlled by a company called Lanaval, according to the bank records.
Documents reviewed by Reuters show that Lanaval then sent $48 million to an account in Liechtenstein controlled by Medea Investment, a company registered in Washington DC. Medea Investment is controlled by an Italian architect called Lanfranco Cirillo who designed the Black Sea estate, according to Kolesnikov. In a statement through their lawyer, Cirillo said they had been assigned work on the Black Sea property because of their experience and professional skills.
They did not respond to questions about the funding of the Black Sea estate and payments made to Medea.
A spokesperson for Putin did not respond to questions about Kolesnikov's claims and Reuters findings. The Kremlin has previously dismissed Kolesnikov as an aggrieved man, saying they left Russia because of business disputes. Kolesnikov denies that suggestion.
(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper and Maria Tsvetkova in Moscow, Brian Grow in Atlanta, and Jens Hack in Munich; Editing by Richard Woods and Simon Robinson)
If you're like me, you were counting the hours until the new season of Doctor Who premiered. For those of you who did watch it, did you like it? How did you feel about the new doctor, played by Matt Smith? If you are a fan, then hopefully this bit of trivia about the show and The Doctor will help hold you over until the next episode comes on.
Notable Achievements
Running on more than 30 seasons, Doctor Who is the longest-running science fiction show in the world and considered the most successful science fiction show of all time based on ratings and sales. In fact, more than 750 episodes have been broadcast since the show started. (Take that Star Trek.) Even one of the top directors of all time, Steven Spielberg has said that "the world would be a poorer place without Doctor Who.” Image of writer/producer Steven Moffat with their Hugo Award via Dennis Schnapp [Flickr]
Spiraling Spin Offs
In addition to re-spawning the show in 2005, the Doctor Who is a series has resulted in at least five attempts at television spin-offs –the most successful of which is probably Torchwood –an anagram of Doctor Who. (On a side note, am I the only one who considers Jack Harkness, the main character of Torchwood, to have a name that's almost too bizarrely close to my own? Think about it, Jill Harness & Jack Harkness...maybe we're name soul mates.) Not all of the spin-offs are so good though; there's a very good reason K-9 and Company, a very 80's detective-like show featuring K-9 and Sarah Jane, never made it past the pilot episode. Image via Foomandoonian [Flickr]
Regenerations That Survive The Generations
A lot of people who are familiar with the show but who don't actually watch it wonder how one character can be portrayed by so many different actors. Those of you who do watch the show know that it's because The Doctor is a Time Lord and their race regenerates every time they should die. Not all fans of Doctor Who know that a Time Lord is only supposed to be able to regenerate a total of 12 times though and The Doctor has so far regenerated a total of 10 times (he's on their 11th body now). Assuming the show continues to do well, do you think The Doctor may be able to cheat this standard Time Lord rule and regenerate more than 12 times, like their enemy The Master? Unsurprisingly, the ability to regenerate was developed as a means to keep the doctor alive after the first actor, William Hartnell, announced their desire to leave the show in 1966. In fact, regeneration was never even conceived of until they needed an excuse to keep the show going. A recent BBC archive release stated that the team based the regeneration cycle on bad LSD trips. The memos said the transformation was a horrifying experience, like the "hell and dank horror" associated with a bad acid dose. Doctor collage via Wikipedia
Ch- Ch- Changes
After each regeneration, The Doctor looks completely different and takes on a slightly modified personality. This is because each body is supposed to represent a different aspect of the same character. They always maintain the same memories, but their emotions and personality will change to some extent. Because the purpose of regeneration is partially to allow The Doctor to enjoy a new and youthful body, their character becomes younger every time they regenerate. Fans of the show may recall how old the first Doctors were, particularly when compared with 26 year-old Matt Smith.
Matt Smith, Meet The Doctor
Funny enough, Matt Smith is still much younger than anyone on the show or the network wanted The Doctor to be. Few people believed that a 26 year-old could adequately portray the knowledge and life-experience that helps to define The Doctor. Even so, when they auditioned for the role on the first day, the production team, particularly head writer and producer Steven Moffat were so blown away by their acting abilities, that they immediately knew they were the one. When they announced their decision, they stood firm behind their casting, stating, it had “always been Matt.” Because Matt was so unknown at the time, the announcement of their casting led both Reuters and The Independent to announce the news as a question, their headlines proclaiming, “Doctor Who?” Image via Alun.Vega [Flickr]
A British Staple or A Gorefest?
Many people, including Caitlin Moran, a reviewer for The Times, have noted that Doctor Who is “quintessential to being British.” Many fans believe part of any English childhood should be spent watching Doctor Who from “behind the sofa” and popping your head out when the scary parts are over. Unfortunately, it's these scary bits that made the show a target for morality police during the 1970's. Legendary campaigner Mary Whitehouse repeatedly filed complaints with the BBC about the show's frightening and gory content. Every time they complained though, it only helped to boost the show's rating. It got to the point where the show's producer during the 80's, John Nathan-Turner, said that they looked forward to their comments because the show's ratings would jump as soon as they made them. On the other hand, Whitehouse was definitely onto something. A BBC study in 1972 found that Doctor Who was the most violent of all dramatic programs produced by the network at the time.
Educational Intentions
Perhaps part of the reason the show survived throughout these controversies though was its noble goal of educating children and providing a family-oriented show for all ages. The plot originally alternated historical stories and futuristic stories in an attempt to get children interested in both history and science and The Doctor's original companions were even a science teacher and a history teacher. They soon started cutting back on the historical episodes though because the production team didn't enjoy making them as much as the sci fi ones and the ratings were never as high anyway. (Personally, I'm a sucker for the historical episodes, but I'm a history nerd anyway.) Image via Stuart Bryant [Flickr]
Monstrous Success Stories
Another thing that always seemed to score high with the viewers were monsters, particularly the Daleks. To some extent, the Daleks, are even more famous than The Doctor himself. The Daleks became so popular during the 60's that they even spawned what was known as Dalekmania, where the public would eat up anything related to the Daleks, including the 1964 board game, "Dodge The Daleks." The phenomenon was so major, they even made a film titled Dalekmania in 1995 that focused on the fad obsession with the aliens. In 1964, there was a single released by The Go-Go's (not the 80's girl band) called “I'm Gonna Spend My Christmas With A Dalek.” The Clash even referenced them in the song “Remote Control,” saying "Repression — gonna be a Dalek / Repression — I am a robot / Repression — I obey." If you think the obsession was over, then consider the 2008 study that showed 9 out of 10 British children could correctly identify a Dalek and that Daleks were featured on an English postage stamp in 1999. In recent years, they were even featured in two separate, unauthorized pornographic movies. Dalek even appears in the Oxford English Dictionary, as does T.A.R.D.I.S., and is often used as a metaphor for authoritarian people who act robotically. Image via Heath bar [Flickr]
The Time And Relative Dimension In Space Box
Speaking of the T.A.R.D.I.S., it's another classic Doctor Who staple that's become more recognizable than the actual Time Lord inside of it. If you're not an avid viewer of the show, you may wonder why the spaceship looks like a police box. All T.A.R.D.I.S.s are made with a Chameleon Circuit that allows them to blend in with the surroundings it lands in. The Doctor's Chameleon Circuit broke when they were in the 1960's Britain when the ship was in the shape of a police box. They liked the look enough that they decided to not bother fixing the circuit. When the BBC tried to trademark the famed blue police box in 1996, the Metropolitan Police filed an objection to the claim, arguing that they created and owned the rights to the box design. The Patent Office has since ruled in favor of the network, pointing out that the police never trademarked the box and that they never complained about the fact that the BBC was selling merchandise with the design for more than three decades. It's also worth noting that the Doctor Who police box has never actually been a faithful replica of the real boxes used by the Metropolitan Police. The “dimensionally transcendental” properties (as The Doctor says) of the T.A.R.D.I.S. make it much larger inside than it appears to be. While no one has ever made a map of the interior of the ship, it is quite expansive and contains living quarters, an art gallery, a greenhouse, a library, a bathroom, a swimming pool, a medical bay, a multi-storied wardrobe, storage areas, an attic and a secondary control room. If you've ever wondered why such an incredible machine is always breaking down (aside from its age), then it may be beneficial for you to know that when The Doctor acquired their ship, they actually stole it from their home planet and the Type 40 T.A.R.D.I.S. they took was already unreliable and obsolete at the time. Image via traed mawr [Flickr]
So Is They Really A Doctor?
People who don't watch the show often wonder things like, “what kind of doctor steals spaceships and fights off alien robots?” The thing is, no one actually knows if The Doctor is actually a doctor. At times seems to have some medical knowledge and he's even claimed to have studied medicine, but they also have said specifically that he's not a physician. When he's with Martha Jones, they tend to insist on them doing anything medical-related, saying, “she's a doctor; I'm The Doctor.” Perhaps the person who explained to it the best was their nemesis, The Master, who quipped that it was quite sanctimonious for The Doctor to label themselves as "the man who makes people better.”
Consistent Inconsistencies
It's not too surprising that a sci-fi show about time and space travel that's lasted for so long has started to build up some inconsistencies. Fortunately, the new head writer/producer, Steven Moffat (who also created Coupling), has great ways to answer all of those burning fan questions regarding the show's continuity problems. One of the biggest issues with The Doctor is the matter of age. At first the writers decided that every time they regenerated, their age should be turned back, but this only lasted through the first regeneration and since then, their age was recorded as going forward. At times The Doctor claims to be 450 years old, 650 years old and even 906 years old. Steven Moffat has simply explained that The Doctor does not know their own age because their non-linear existence via time travel has made this calculation impossible. In other situations, the entire history of races, such as the Daleks, have been rewritten as time has progressed. Steven Moffat simply explains these concerns away by noting, "a television series which embraces both the ideas of parallel universes and the concept of changing time can't have a continuity error — it's impossible for Doctor Who to get it wrong, because we can just say 'he changed time',” Are you a fan of the show? And those of you who are fans, how do you feel about the spin offs and do you know any interesting trivia I didn't mention here? Image via Jim Linwood [Flickr] Sources: BBC #1, #2, Dr. Who Profile, BBC News #1, #2, #3, #4, Wikipedia #1, #2, #3, #4, #5
disputed Ramjanmabhoomi site +
NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh's Shia Central Waqf Board told the Supreme Court (SC) On Tuesday it is okay with a mosque built in a Muslim dominated area that is at a reasonable distance from theIn an affidavit, the Board further said the SC that the Babri Masjid was its property and therefore it was the only one entitled to negotiate an amicable settlement of the disputeThe 30-page affidavit assumes significance as it has been filed within few days of the apex court agreeing to fast track the hearing on a batch of appeals challenging the Allahabad High Court verdict on the land dispute in the case, said PTI. The Shia Board is one of the parties in the pending appeals in the apex court.The Board also sought time from the SC to set up a committee to explore an amicable settlement of the Ayodhya dispute."In my opinion, this intervention by the Shia Waqf board is god sent," said Rajya Sabha member Subramanian Swamy , to ANI.The Ayodhya issue has been pending in the Supreme Court since 2010, after the Allahabad HC divided the land equally between 'Ram Lalla', the Nirmohi Akhara and the Sunni Wakf Board.Last week, the Supreme Court agreed to an early hearing on a bunch of petitions relating to the dispute over ownership of 2.7 acres of Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi land. It posted the case to August 11.The court's remark had come on a plea of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy who sought urgent listing and hearing of the matter.Appeals challenging the Allahabad High Court verdict on the disputed land will be heard by a three-judge bench.
The shooting may be completely justified, we don't know yet, but that's not the point, it's the media's non-reaction to the event that is the issue here.
Via WND:
While national news media continue to focus on race in Ferguson, Missouri, where a white police officer shot and killed an unarmed black teenager, they apparently don't think a similar case in Utah with the races reversed is that newsworthy. Police in Salt Lake City are continuing their probe into an Aug. 11 shooting outside a 7-Eleven convenience store, when a black police officer, whom local media are referring to as “not white,” shot and killed 20-year-old Dillon Taylor, who was unarmed at the time, according to their supporters. Police Chief Chris Burbank said the entire incident was captured on the body camera of the officer who shot Taylor. “You will see on camera … the actions of everyone involved, including up to the point where our officer utilizes deadly force and their response thereafter,” Burbank told reporters. They said the video, along with the officer's identity, will be released at the “appropriate” time, adding it could be days, weeks or months. “It would be wholly inappropriate to take the most vital piece of evidence that we have and put it out to the public prior to the officer having some due process,” they said.
Watch KUTV's dramatic video of the shooting:
Rush Limbaugh has more:
“There's a mindset out there, and the way it works in situations like this [is] only people of color can be victims. A white person can never be a victim. It just can't happen. That's not permitted, that's not allowed because it isn't the case. The whites are the oppressors. They're the majority. In the liberal worldview, every majority is an oppressor, whether they're white or whatever. They're all oppressors. The minority is always the victims, and the victims are with whom we should always sympathize, no matter what. And the victims are permitted to do anything precisely because they're a minority, and I'm talking about in numbers, not skin color. They're outnumbered. The evil majority does horrible things to the minority. And so the minorities, be it skin color or numbers … [are] always victims. And so anything they do is justified and we must try to understand the rage. “But in the current climate in the United States, a black person can never be the oppressor and a white can never be the victim. And that's how you have a corrupt or perverted news business in Salt Lake City, refusing to identify a black cop who may have shot an innocent person. That destroys the whole picture we've been creating here for centuries. That could totally destroy the image that we've been trying to concoct. Oh man that could blow it sky high; that's just not supposed to happen. And so they come up with these things to hide it or to not reference it at all.”
What do you think about the media's hypocrisy when it comes to black on white, or black on black violence?
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
CampBX is a platform where you can buy and sell Bitcoins in real-time from other CampBX users. Your buy or sell orders are matched against a parameterized database of other orders. If a perfect match is found, a Bitcoin-to-USD trade is executed instantly. If there are no matching orders at the price you specified, then your order can remain open for up to 31 days. To maintain fairness in trading, we have taken a purely-platform approach and CampBX is never a counter-party to any trade.
Our platform was designed with stability and security as top priorities, and we became the first Bitcoin website to obtain Payment Card Industry (PCI) certification and the McAfee Secure seal of confidence on June 28th, 2011.
When you open an account on CampBX, all of the following features are available to you to ensure that you have a productive experience on our platform: ­
­
Daily security scans and certification by McAfee Secure
Quick Buy/Sell and Spend-X trades available for new traders
Advanced trading options with AON/FOK/Incremental Fills
Market Price and Limit Price Orders
STOPLOSS and Short-Selling available soon
Stoploss / Custom Order Expiry Date/Time
Trading API available
Wallet API available
CBX Instant Bitcoin Transfers Feature
SMS (Text Message) Notifications
Two-Factor Authentication
Professional third-party security audits
Frequent & encrypted back-ups
A comprehensive disaster recovery plan
There are no fees required to open a CampBX account and all of the above features are included as standard. We encourage you to sign up now and try us out!
Boosting testosterone can promote generosity, but only when there is no threat of competition, according to new research published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science. The findings show that testosterone is implicated in behaviors that help to foster and maintain social relationships, indicating that its effects are more nuanced than previously thought.
“Testosterone may mediate competitive and potentially antisocial behavior when social challenges or threats need to be confronted and handled,” explains lead researcher Maarten Boksem of Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University (RSM) in the Netherlands. “But it can also induce prosocial behavior in the absence of these threats, when high status and good reputation are best served by positive behavior.”
Animals studies have shown that testosterone plays an important role in dominance behavior, so Boksem and colleagues reasoned that testosterone in humans would also increase a drive for social status.
“But we doubted that this drive would automatically result in aggressive and antisocial behaviors,” says Boksem. “We hypothesized that testosterone could perhaps also lead to prosocial behavior if such behavior would be beneficial for maintaining or obtaining social status.”
To test this hypothesis, the researchers had 54 female volunteers ingest a liquid solution several hours before participating in an investing game — some volunteers received a placebo solution, while others received a solution with added testosterone.
In the investing game, participants were given €20 (about $27 USD) and were instructed that they could keep the amount they wanted and invest whatever remained with a trustee (another participant). The invested portion would be tripled and split by the trustee, who would keep whatever portion they wanted and return the rest to the investor.
If participants were completely trusting, they could invest all €20 and hope that the trustee would split the final €60 equally. If they wanted to play it safe, they could keep the €20 for themselves.
Each participant took turns playing both investor and trustee. When they were the trustee, they were always given €60, indicating that the investor had entrusted them with the task of splitting up the whole sum.
As investors, participants who received testosterone were, on average, stingier — they placed less trust in the trustee and kept more of their initial money. Participants who received the placebo, on the other hand, were more trusting investors, choosing to invest about €3.20 more than those who received testosterone.
Just as the researchers predicted, testosterone seemed to promote antisocial behavior in response to a potential threat — in this case, a threat to financial resources.
But the opposite effect emerged when participants played the role of trustee. In this case, participants given testosterone chose to give more money back to the investor than participants who had been given a placebo. The results suggest that the trustees felt a responsibility to repay the trust that the investor ostensibly placed in them.
“While we expected the decrease in trust found in the first scenario, the increase in reciprocity was surprisingly strong and robust,” Boksem notes. “Testosterone had a more pronounced effect on prosocial behavior than on antisocial behavior.”
The fact that testosterone can promote prosocial behavior, at least in certain contexts, provides a more nuanced account than the traditional view of testosterone as being involved in purely aggressive and antisocial behavior, says Boksem. The researchers hope to run a similar study in men and they are currently investigating additional types of social behavior under various conditions of social threat.
Gatsbygram is a clone of Instagram built with Gatsby v1.
The source code for Gatsbygram lives in the Gatsby monorepo. See the instructions at the end for how to start playing with the code!
Your browser does not support the video element.
What is Gatsby
Gatsby is a JavaScript web framework that lets you build fast, dynamic, mobile-ready websites without an advanced degree in JavaScript wizardry.
It combines the fast performance of static websites with the powerful abstractions, tools, and client capabilities of the React.js world.
Gatsby is fast
Gatsby automatically optimizes your site for the modern web. You provide pages and Gatsby stitches them together so they load as fast as possible.
As proof of this, Gatsbygram loads 2-3x faster than the real Instagram site.
I tested Gatsbygram and Instagram on webpagetest.org using a simulated 3G network and a Moto G4 smartphone—a budget Android typical of many lower-end phones used today. The median speed index score for Gatsbygram was 3151 vs. 8251 for Instagram.
Filmstrip of Gatsbygram (top) and Instagram (bottom) loading on webpagetest.org
The second repeat view is even faster for Gatsbygram as it now loads from its service worker. It has pixels on the screen in under a 1/2 second on a budget Android device! And for both the initial and repeat view, Gatsbygram finishes loading a full second before Instagram gets started.
Filmstrip of a repeat view of Gatsbygram (top) and Instagram (bottom) loading on webpagetest.org
The difference in Time to Interactivity (TTI) (measure of how long before the user can actually interact with the page e.g. click on a link) between the sites is just as dramatic. Gatsbygram's TTI is 6.1s vs 14.1s for Instagram.
Gatsby is built for the next billion internet users
As Benedict Evans has noted, the next billion people poised to come online will be using the internet almost exclusively through smartphones.
Smartphones with decent specs (as good or better than the Moto G4), a great browser, but without a reliable internet connection.
Gatsby uses modern web performance ideas (e.g. PRPL) developed by the Google Chrome Developer Relations team and others to help websites work well on modern browsers with unreliable networks.
Sites built with Gatsby run as much as possible in the client so regardless of the network conditions—good, bad, or nonexistent—things will keep working.
Many of the top e-commerce websites in areas where people are coming online for the first time are developing their websites using these techniques.
Read Google's case studies on:
Gatsby is simple
Modern JavaScript websites are too complex to rely on developers always configuring things correctly. Gatsby simplifies website development by extracting configuration out of your site and moving it into the framework and community plugins.
You give Gatsby React.js components, data, and styles and Gatsby gives you back an optimized website.
Gatsbygram is a completely vanilla Gatsby site. Its optimizations are from the framework.
Gatsby includes a full modern JavaScript toolchain (Babel/webpack/Uglify) with optimized production builds and an innovative declarative asset pipeline.
For Gatsbygram, Gatsby generates over 1000 image thumbnails for responsive images without any custom scripting by leveraging the Gatsby image processing plugin gatsby-transformer-sharp.
Stop wasting time and build something!
App structure
All static site generators create a set of files that determine the routing in your site. Typically, you define the output file structure (and thus URL structure) of your site by way of the input structure. For example the input structure:
my-site/ index.md blogs/ blog1.md
…would be transformed to:
my-site/ index.html blogs/ blog1.html
This is fine at first, but can be limiting. For example, in Gatsbygram, we have a JSON data blob scraped from an Instagram user profile. From this we want to generate a page for each image. We couldn't do this with a typical static site generator, but Gatsby lets you define routes programmatically through the createPages API using any data you have available.
Here is how we define pages from our JSON data for Gatsbygram at build time in the site's gatsby-node.js file:
const _ = require ( `lodash` ) const Promise = require ( `bluebird` ) const path = require ( `path` ) const slug = require ( `slug` ) const slash = require ( `slash` ) exports . createPages = ( { graphql , boundActionCreators } ) => { const { createPage } = boundActionCreators return new Promise ( ( resolve , reject ) => { resolve ( graphql ( ` { allPostsJson(limit: 1000) { edges { node { id } } } } ` ) . then ( result => { if ( result . errors ) { reject ( new Error ( result . errors ) ) } const postTemplate = path . resolve ( `src/templates/post-page.js` ) _ . each ( result . data . allPostsJson . edges , edge => { createPage ( { path : `/ ${ slug ( edge . node . id ) } /` , component : slash ( postTemplate ) , context : { id : edge . node . id , } , } ) } ) return } ) ) } ) }
Using templates
Gatsby uses standard React.js components to render pages. When you define a page in the createPages API, you specify its component. Those components, usually called templates, get reused with page-specific data to generate the different pages.
As you can see above, when defining a page, we can set “context” data, which is passed as a prop to the component and as a GraphQL variable in our GraphQL query. For the ”post template”, we pass the id to the post. Below we use that id to query our GraphQL schema and return a fully formed page:
import React from "react" import PostDetail from "../components/post-detail" class PostTemplate extends React . Component { render ( ) { return ( < PostDetail post = { this . props . data . posts } /> ) } } export default PostTemplate export const pageQuery = ` query PostPage($id: String!) { # Select the post which equals this id. posts(id: { eq: $id }) { # Specify the fields from the post we need. username avatar likes id text # Date fields have special arguments. This one computes # how many weeks have passed since the post was created. # All calculations like this (like all GraphQL query # activity) happens at build-time! So has minimal cost # for the client. weeksAgo: time(difference: "weeks") image { children { ... on ImageSharp { # Here we query for *multiple* image thumbnails to be # created. So with no effort on our part, 100s of # thumbnails are created. This makes iterating on # designs effortless as we simply change the args # for the query and we get new thumbnails. big: fluid(maxWidth: 640) { src srcSet } } } } } } `
Creating React.js component pages
In addition to creating pages for our Instagram photos, we want to make an index page for browsing all photos. To build this index page, Gatsby lets us create pages using React.js components.
pages/ index.js about.js
These React component pages can query the Gatsbygram GraphQL schema for data and are automatically converted into their own pages at gatsbygram.gatsbyjs.org/ and gatsbygram.gatsbyjs.org/about/ .
Gatsbygram's about.js is a plain React component with no query. index.js is more complex. It queries for thumbnails for all images and has an infinite scroll implementation to lazy load in image thumbnails.
Read pages/index.js on GitHub Read pages/about.js on GitHub
The Layout Component
Each Gatsby site has a top-level layout component at layouts/index.js . This layout component is used on every page of your site so can contain things like your header, footer, and default page structure. It is also used as the ”app shell” when loading your site from a service worker.
A small layout component might look something like this.
import React from "react" import { Link } from "gatsby" class Layout extends React . Component { render ( ) { return ( < div > < Link to = " / " > Home </ Link > < br /> { } { this . props . children ( ) } </ div > ) } } export default Layout
Every page will be rendered as children of the Layout component:
< Layout > < Page /> </ Layout >
Gatsbygram's layout component is somewhat more complicated than most sites as it has logic to show clicked images in either a modal on larger screens or on their own page on smaller screens.
Read Gatsbygram's Layout component on GitHub.
Client routing and pre-caching
Gatsby loads first a static server-rendered HTML page and then the JavaScript to convert the site into a web application. Which means that clicking around the site doesn't require a page reload. Gatsby pre-caches code and data needed for other pages so that clicking on a link loads the next page instantly.
All the setup for this is handled behind the scenes. Gatsby uses @reach/router under the hood but generates all the configuration for you.
Normally page resources are pre-cached with a service worker. But as several browsers (Safari/Microsoft Edge) still don't support Service Workers, the Gatsby <Link> component pre-caches resources for pages it links to by loading them into memory.
Plugins
Gatsby has always had a rich set of lifecycle APIs to allow you to hook into various events during development, building, and in the client.
Gatsby 1.0 adds new APIs and also adds a new plugin architecture. So functionality can now be extracted from sites and made reusable. Most of the new functionality in Gatsby 1.0 is powered by plugins.
Plugins are added to a site in its gatsby-config.js . Here's what Gatsbygram's config file looks like:
module . exports = { siteMetadata : { title : `Gatsbygram` , } , plugins : [ { resolve : `gatsby-source-filesystem` , options : { name : `data` , path : ` ${ __dirname } /data` , } , } , `gatsby-plugin-sharp` , `gatsby-transformer-sharp` , `gatsby-transformer-json` , `gatsby-plugin-glamor` , { resolve : `gatsby-plugin-manifest` , options : { name : `Gatsbygram` , short_name : `Gatsbygram` , start_url : `/` , background_color : `#f7f7f7` , theme_color : `#191919` , display : `minimal-ui` , } , } , `gatsby-plugin-offline` , { resolve : `gatsby-plugin-google-analytics` , options : { trackingId : `UA-91652198-1` , } , } , ] , }
Styles
Gatsbygram uses two popular and complementary css-in-js libraries, Typography.js and Glamor.
Typography.js is a powerful toolkit for building websites with beautiful design.
Gatsbygram uses Typography.js to generate the global styles for the site helping set the overall feel of the design.
Glamor lets you write real CSS in JavaScript inline in your React.js components. It is used for component styles.
Typography.js exposes two helper JavaScript functions, rhythm and scale to help keep your design in sync as you make changes. Instead of using hard-coded spacing values (which break as soon as you change your global theme), you use the Typography.js helper functions e.g.
import React from "react" ; import { rhythm , scale } from "../utils/typography" ; class SampleComponent extends React { render ( ) { return ( < div { } css = { { padding : rhythm ( 1 ) , } } > < h1 css = { { ... scale ( 6 / 5 ) , } } > My sweet title </ h1 > < p > Hello friends </ p > </ div > ) } }
Together they allow you to quickly iterate on designs.
They also contribute to Gatsbygram's excellent loading speed. The holy grail of CSS performance is inlined critical CSS. Meaning a) only ship a page with the CSS necessary to render that page and b) inline it in the <head> instead of putting it in a separate file. There are various tools to make this happen but they tend to involve extensive configuration and heavy post-processing.
But with Typography.js and Glamor you get optimized CSS with no tedious, error-prone bookkeeping. Typography.js (by definition) generates only global styles so its styles are included on every page. Glamor includes some clever server-rendering optimizations which I've implemented in the Gatsby Glamor plugin where it automatically extracts out the CSS used in components on the page being server rendered and automatically inlines those styles in the generated HTML page.
Super fast CSS by default. 👏👏👏
Creating your own Gatsbygram
It's easy to create your own “Gatsbygram” site from an Instagram account.
Instructions on setting up your own Gatsbygram site.
git clone -b 1.0 git@github.com:gatsbyjs/gatsby.git cd gatsby/examples/gatsbygram npm install rm -r data node scrape.js INSTAGRAM_USERNAME npm run develop
While writing this post I scraped a few accounts and published their resulting “Gatsbygram” sites:
With thanks to Sam Bhagwatt, Sunil Pai, Nolan Lawson, Nik Graf, Jeff Posnick, and Addy Osmani for their reviews.
And a special thanks to Kristo Jorgenson for their refactor of the “App structure” section.
Pin 0 Shares
One of the biggest decisions you have to make as you approach retirement is when you want to begin taking your Social Security benefits. Indeed, this is an important consideration. For the most part, it depends a great deal on what you think your cash flow needs will be as you age.
Do You Need the Cash Now? Or Can You Wait?
You can start pulling on benefits at age 62. However, if you start taking benefits as soon as you can, your monthly payments will be lower than if you wait. Indeed, your payments will only be 75% of what you would get if you wait until age 66 (which is considered the “full” retirement age by the government). And, if you can wait even longer — to age 70 — you see an increase of benefits by 8% each year between 66 and 70. There is no additional benefit for waiting beyond age 70.
Continues after Advertisement
Understand, though, that you aren't necessarily getting “more” in the sense that your overall total will be higher. Instead, the formula is worked out so that you should have roughly the same benefits over time if you start, no matter when you start taking Social Security, at age 66. The difference is that if you wait longer, the government will offer you a higher monthly payment amount to make up for the fact that you haven't been taking what you could for the past few years.
As you decide when to start taking social security benefits, you will need to consider your cash flow situation and any tax implications. If you are 62, and you need the money to help cover shortfalls in your tax advantaged retirement account, you might need the money now — even though you will be penalized for not waiting until the “full” retirement age. If you need the money to help you in your retirement, and you can't find other sources of income to help you, then taking Social Security earlier might be your only option.
However, if you can wait until later, it might be worth it. Later on, your expenses might increase as your health declines (and costs rise), or as your retirement fund starts to run a little lower. Being able to wait until later and receive more each month might be very helpful. If you can keep working in between, earning income and paying into the system, your benefit will increase as well. This can be a great help to you later on, when you might want a larger monthly income.
Bottom Line
Before you decide when to start taking Social Security, you need to consider your situation, and what you expect in the coming years. In some cases, you might be worried that benefits will be cut due to economic concerns and problems with the federal budget; in that case it might make sense to start receiving payments as soon as you can, in order to get what you can.
However, if you expect that you will receive your benefits as promised, you need to look at your situation. How much can you expect from various revenue streams, and your retirement accounts, and for how long can you expect to keep up the income pace? You should plan to take Social Security when it will most help your monthly cash flow.
Pin 0 Shares
And it involves a pancake...
Macklemore has an oil painting of a naked Justin Bieber in their studio.
When the US rapper was being interviewed by Rolling Stone, the journalist reported that on the wall of the studio is “a transfixing rendition of a naked Justin Bieber with maple syrup pouring down their chest onto a pancake balanced on their boner”.
“Ben spent a lot of time buying weird stuff on Etsy,” Ryan Lewis, Macklemore's musical partner responded.
The painting was done by Minnesotan artist Dan Lacey, who paints various celebrities with pancakes, including Kanye West, a terrifying Taylor Swift and Morrissey, who's also holding a chicken.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Last week Macklemore expressed regret over their apparent ‘diss' track against Iggy Azalea, admitting that they regret not warning them about the inclusion of their name in their latest single.
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis shared new song ‘White Privilege II' featuring Jamila Woods in January 2016, which addresses the issues of so-called ‘cultural appropriation' and name checked Miley Cyrus and Azalea in it's lyrics. The song is a nine-minute long rumination on race, with Macklemore taking time out to namecheck white artists – who they have been referenced alongside – as adopting black culture for success and financial gain.
Macklemore spoke to Billboard in a recent cover interview, admitting that they ‘regrets' not giving Azalea a warning before releasing the song, to which Azalea seems to have taken offence to.
“I don't think people understood that I'm in my own head [saying], ‘You're Miley, you're Elvis, you're Iggy Azalea' – I'm talking about myself,” they explain. “Iggy and I came up together. We were on the XXL ‘Freshman' cover together. There's enough of a relationship that I should have let them know beforehand. And I didn't do that.” After being asked if they had followed it up with Australian star they replied: “I haven't talked to her.”
Hand printed in house with a Bella canvas tri blend tee using eco friendly ink.
Rosa Parks, Elizabeth Warren, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Gloria Steinem on Mount Rushmore
Women's Bella and American Apparel tees run one size smaller than normal so be sure to double-check the size chart and maybe size up.
-Superior quality American Apparel or Bella Canvas shirts, never sweat shopped
-Always fast and free shipping with tracking
-Hand printed with eco friendly, permanent ink in the USA
-Free returns and exchanges
-Our women's tees are the super soft and built to last. We use eco friendly yet permanent water based inks and print in house In Oakland California.
-Designed and printed in the US, never overseas. Most orders ship same or next business day.
Sizing Guide:
Bella and American Apparel women's do run about 1 size smaller than standards so be sure to double-check the size chart and perhaps size up.
Small- size 0-2 , 30-32 inches around chest
Medium- size 4-6, 32-34 inches around chest
Large- size 8-10, 34-36 inches around chest
Extra Large- size 10-12, 36-38 inches around chest
Extra Extra Large- size 14-18, 38-40 inches around chest
When you shop at Mission Thread Clothing-
You are supporting an independent business that has been delivery 5-star customer satisfaction since 2010.
You get fast and always free shipping to your door so you can start putting smiles on faces, like pronto.
Satisfaction and joy for the ages.
Plenty more shirt colors available, just ask.
"Snap out of it!"
"You have no reason to be depressed."
"We don't talk about those things to other people."
Those were the mantras of my life before I finally chose to visit a psychiatrist on my own as an adult. It's still hard for the family to understand and accept, but now I have help. I take medicine daily to fight depression; and while I'm not exactly "perky," I don't dwell on my despair daily any more. But I still have those phrases rolling around in the back of my mind telling me it's my fault that I don't feel good. That I could just decide to feel different and I would. That somehow it's my own failure to be happy that's the problem.
I just finished watching the PBS program "This Emotional Life" on Iowa Public Television. The series is taking a look at our emotions and how they impact our lives. Each episode deals with several emotions such as fear, anxiety, and depression. One of the sections of this episode studied depression and brain traits of people who are depressed.
I have bi-polar disorder. My disease moves my emotions from high to low. Everyone who is diagnosed with bi-polar experiences the highs and lows in different degrees. My degree of depression outweighs the highs many times over. Even when I am "high" I feel depressed. When I am low and depressed, I'm almost immobile. So the studies discussed in this episode are of particular interest to me.
Scientists have been studying the physiology of the brain to see if brains of depressed people show similarities. The big thing they discovered is that the hippocampus in people who are depressed is smaller than that of people not depressed. Also, the longer a person is depressed, the small the hippocampus gets.
The hippocampus is located in the prefrontal cortex, the part of the brain that forms memories. And memories that we create when we are experiencing high levels of emotions--any emotions--are more distinct than those we experience during times of neutral emotional states. When the hippocampus is smaller, it is harder to create new memories and our emotions are lower. When depressed, I have no desire to create more experiences.
Now the good news!
Anti-depressants allow the hippocampus to re-enlarge. Measuring the hippocampus in people who were depressed before and after using anti-depressants showed an enlargement of the hippocampus. The people felt less depressed and the anatomy of their brains matched their moods.
So not only was I relieved to know that my depression is not my fault, but it is a real physical brain disease. And I can be fixed. Anti-depressants can make my brain anatomy return to a more normal state. So: My Brain Needs Drugs!
Reference Links:
Quote Hi all,
Yes this is something planned. We put the effort on gameplay and content for the Windows version right now, but we want to release Mac and Linux versions.
The first tests have been encouraging so far. But again, we focus on the gameplay right now.
Cheers
Thanks to our supporter, FutureSuture, we have word that Endless Legend will still come to Linux, but it has suffered delays.However, it seems they haven't found the time to do it yet, see below:It is unclear how much it would actually help, but it can never hurt to make yourself heard as a customer. For this reason, there are these threads in the Endless Legend forum on Steam where gamers are asking for Linux support.Endless Legend is a 4X turn-based fantasy strategy game by the creators of Endless Space and Dungeon of the Endless. Control every aspect of your civilization as you struggle to save your homeworld Auriga. Create your own Legend!Another sunrise, another day of toil. Food must be grown, industries built, science and magic advanced, and wealth collected. Urgency drives these simple efforts, however, for your planet holds a history of unexplained apocalypse, and the winter you just survived was the worst on record. A fact that has also been true for the previous five.As you discover the lost secrets of your world and the mysteries of the legends and ruins that exist as much in reality as in rumor, you will come to see that you are not alone. Other peoples also struggle to survive, to grow, and perhaps even to conquer.You have a city, a loyal populace, and a few troops; your power and magic should be sufficient to keep them alive. But beyond that, nothing is certain… Where will you go, what will you find, and how will you react? Will your trail be one of roses, or of blood?Check out Endless Legend on Steam.
'Battle of the Sexes' and 'Victoria and Abdul' serve up solid scores at the specialty box office. Worldwide, 'It' approaches a terrifying $500 million.
It was a mixed bag at the box office over the weekend.
Director Matthew Vaughn's Kingsman: The Golden Circle easily won the race in North America, grossing $39 million from 4,003 theaters. That was somewhat behind expectations, although the sequel still scored one of the best openings for the month of September, as well as came in ahead of the first Kingsman: The Secret Service ($36.2 million). Heading into the frame, however, tracking had suggested the cheeky spy action-comedy would clear $40 million.
The big letdown was Warner Bros.' animated family offering The Lego Ninjago Movie, which launched to a meek $21.2 million from 4,047 locations domestically. And, in a surprise upset, It beat Ninjago with a hefty $30 million in its third weekend.
Overseas, Golden Circle kicked off with $61 million — led by the U.K. with $11.1 million — for a global tally of $100 million. "Anytime you can open bigger than the first one, you are in good company. And it is because of Matthew Vaughn's creative, mad-cap genius," says Fox domestic distribution president Chris Aronson.
From 20th Century Fox and Vaughn's Marv Films, Kingsman 2 reteams the British director with their Secret Service stars Taron Egerton and Colin Firth. Newcomers to the budding franchise include Channing Tatum, Halle Berry, Pedro Pascal and Jeff Bridges. The movie wasn't as well-received by critics as Secret Service, though both films received the same grade from audiences (a B+ CinemaScore). Males made up the majority of ticket buyers (58 percent).
New Line Cinema and Warner Bros.' It followed at No. 2. The movie's domestic cume through Sunday stands at a massive $266.3 million, the top gross of all time for an R-rated horror film (not adjusting for inflation), and is fueling the biggest September in history. Internationally, It took in $38 million from 59 markets for global haul of $478 million.
Ninjago, coming in third, marks one of the lowest debuts for a studio animated film. Ninjago is based on the toy line popular with young boys and is considered to be a smaller property than The Lego Batman Movie, which launched to $53 million earlier this year, and The Lego Movie, which opened to an even bigger $69.1 million in 2014. Still, Ninjago had been expected to approach or top $30 million in its launch.
"It was a much more narrow property than we had hoped," said Jeff Goldstein, president of domestic distribution for Warners.
The weekend's third new nationwide player, Friend Request, fell flat with an estimated $2 million from 2,569 theaters for a seventh-place finish. Byron Allen's new Entertainment Studios, distributor of summer sleeper hit 47 Meters Down, is handling the film.
Back in the top five, CBS Films and Lionsgate's action-thriller American Assassin placed No. 4 with $6.2 million in its second weekend for a domestic total of $26.2 million.
Darren Aronofsky and Paramount's controversial film mother!, which received a rare F CinemaScore, fell a hefty 57 percent in its sophomore outing to $3.3 million for a cume of $13.4 million. The prestige horror-thriller, starring Jennifer Lawrence, ended the frame in a tie with Open Road's Home Again, starring Reese Witherspoon, for fifth place. (The order will be decided Monday morning, when final weekend numbers are released.)
Awards season commenced in earnest at the specialty box office. Battle of the Sexes and Victoria and Abdul both served up solid grosses, while Boston Marathon bombing drama Stronger had a tougher time in its launch. Like mother!, all three films played at one or more of the recent fall film festivals.
Battle of the Sexes, starring Emma Stone and Steve Carell as real-life tennis players Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs, opened to an estimated $525,000 from 21 theaters for a theater average of $25,000. The Fox Searchlight movie was directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris (Little Miss Sunshine).
Stephen Frears' period royal biopic Victoria and Abdul, starring Judi Dench, opened in four theaters in New York and Los Angeles to $152,000 for a screen average of $38,000. Eddie Izzard stars opposite Dench in the Focus Features release.
Roadside Attractions and partner Lionsgate decided to take a more aggressive approach with Jake Gyllenhaal's Boston marathon drama Stronger, launching the David Gordon Green-directed film in 574 locations. Stronger grossed a so-so $1.7 million, not that much more than fellow indie pic Wind River earned in its eighth weekend with $1.3 million. The Weinstein Co.'s Wind River has become one of the most successful specialty releases of the year, with a total $31.7 million to date.
Stronger earned an A- CinemaScore, while Battle of the Sexes nabbed an A.
CBS Chief Washington Correspondent and anchor of Face the Nation, Bob Schieffer, applauded President Barack Obama's move Wednesday to sign executive orders attempting to address gun violence in America. Schieffer said that Obama's speech announcing the orders was “one of the best speeches I've heard them deliver.” They went on to say that the nation was at a crossroads because the massacre at Newtown was the most traumatic experience Americans had faced since September 11, 2001. Taking on America's pro-gun interests is accomplishable, they added, because it is a less formidable task than passing civil rights legislation or defeating Nazi Germany in World War II.
RELATED: Here Are The 23 Executive Actions Pres. Obama Just Signed To Curb Gun Violence
“Let's remember, there was considerable opposition when Lyndon Johnson went to Congress and passed – presented – some of the most comprehensive civil rights legislation in the history of this country,” noted Schieffer. “Most people told them they couldn't get it done, but they figured out a way to do it. And that's what Barack Obama is gonna have to do.”
“What happened in Newtown was probably the worst day in this country's history since 9/11,” Schieffer added. “Surely, finding Osama bin Laden, surely passing civil rights legislation – as Lyndon Johnson was able to do – and, before that, surely defeating the Nazis was a much more formidable task than taking on the gun lobby.”
“This is a turning point in this country,” Schieffer continued. “The president is going to have to do more than just make a speech about it.”
While it was clear that they believe there is more work to do, Schieffer praised Obama's speech as “one of the best speeches I've ever hear them deliver.”
“But it's going to take more than that from the White House,” Schieffer added. “He's going to have to get their hand dirty, he's going to have to get in there and work this problem until they get it done. “
Schieffer concluded by saying that “he thinks there is hope” that stricter gun laws will be enacted in the wake of the tragic massacre in Newtown, Connecticut.
Watch the clip below via CBS:
> >Follow Noah Rothman (@Noah_C_Rothman) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
All of us who cover college football on the Internet — myself included — do a "Way Too Early" Top 25 the morning after the national championship game, because we know you can't wait to start looking ahead to next season. The problem is, we don't yet know which underclassmen will declare for the draft, which grad transfers will end up where and which early enrollees will make immediate noise. Now that we're through spring football I'm updating my Top 25 for 2016. There aren't too many radical changes, but there is a new (sort of No. 1 team; more favorable outlooks for Ohio State and Tennessee; and buyer's remorse on Oklahoma State, Miami and a couple others.)
Nick Saban's Tide had six players drafted in the first two rounds and still appear loaded, particularly on defense. Linemen Jonathan Allen, Dalvin Tomlinson, Daron Payne and Da'Shawn Hand and OLB Tim Williams lead another dominant front seven. Running backs Bo Scarborough and Damien Harris were both productive throughout spring. And at this point, does it really matter who wins the quarterback job?
The ‘Noles have found their quarterback, redshirt first-year student Deondre Francois, who separated themselves in the spring. He'll have the benefit of a veteran receiving corps (Travis Rudolph, Bobo Wilson and Kermit Whitfield), and speedy sophomore RB Jacques Patrick should see more carries behind star Dalvin Cook. DeMarcus Walker and Josh Sweat could become the nation's top pair of bookend pass-rushers.
Article continues below ...
The Tigers were my No. 1 pick in the hours after the national title game, and it's certainly tempting to ride star QB Deshaun Watson and RB Wayne Gallman. The offense is unquestionably loaded. But six starters on defense left early, including All-Americans Shaq Lawson, Mackensie Alexander and Jayron Kearse. Between young ends and a rebuilt secondary, the Tigers won't have much margin for error.
Junior QB Brandon Harris looked comfortable and avoided mistakes in the Tigers' spring game. Their development could make or break an extremely talented team's playoff hopes. New coordinator Dave Aranda's defense is brimming with star power in pass-rusher Arden Key, DT Davon Godchaux, LB Kendell Beckwith and CB Tre'Devious White. And oh yeah, there's that guy Leonard Fournette. He's pretty good.
Jim Harbaugh's second team seemingly fits the mold for their preferred style of play, with a veteran offensive line, proven running backs like De'Veon Smith and an All-America caliber tight end, Jake Butt. Much will depend on the progress of their new quarterback, either Wilton Speight or John O'Korn. DT Chris Wormley, LB/DB Jabrill Peppers and CB Jourdan Lewis lead a promising defense.
Replacing All-American QB Trevone Boykin is no small chore, but redshirt sophomore Foster Sawyer wowed practice observers this spring and could beat out Texas A&M transfer Kenny Hill. The Frogs will be inexperienced at the skill positions. But TCU won 11 games last year with a half-strength defense. The Frogs bring back eight starters, setting the stage for Gary Patterson to field one of their vintage units.
Behind QB Baker Mayfield and RBs Semaje Perine and Joe Mixon, coordinator Lincoln Riley's offense could be prolific. Returning O-line starter Jonathan Alvarez is moving from guard to center in place of stalwart Ty Darlington. CB Jordan Thomas and S Steven Parker head a strong secondary. The defense's success will hinge on developing a new wave of pass-rushers up front.
It's now or never for fourth-year coach Butch Jones' Vols, who return 17 starters from a team that won their last six games in 2015. New DC Bob Shoop, formerly of Penn State, inherits top-flight players like DE Derek Barnett, LB Jalen Reeves-Maybin and CB Cam Sutton. Meanwhile, QB Josh Dobbs is back to lead an offense highlighted by the tailback tandem of Jalen Hurd and Alvin Kamara.
The new-look Buckeyes showed off a lot of speed across the board in their spring game. QB J.T. Barrett adds a couple of new weapons in redshirt first-year student RB Mike Weber and QB-turned-WR Torrance Gibson. S Malik Hooker and LB Chris Worley look like playmakers, while Tyquan Lewis and Sam Hubbard are formidable pass-rushers. Ohio State may experience growing pains early before turning it on late.
The Rebels lost their biggest stars in first-round picks Laremy Tunsil, Laquon Treadwell and Robert Nkemdiche, but there's still plenty of talent in Oxford. QB Chad Kelly looks to continue their late-season tear, with help from WRs Damore'ea Stringfellow and Quincy Adeboyejo and TE Evan Engram. Five-star true first-year student Greg Little may need to take over at left tackle. Only five starters return on defense.
QBs Ryan Burns and Keller Chryst both look capable of leading the Cardinal offense. Do-everything RB Christian McCaffrey is back, and expect to see more of blazing-fast sophomore RB Bryce Love and WR Francis Owusu. DT Solomon Thomas figures to be the breakout star on a mostly veteran defense that should be solid up front but with some question marks in the secondary.
QB Seth Russell should be back to full strength to compete with sophomore Jarrett Stidham. The Bears' backfield is stacked with Shock Linwood and Johnny Jefferson. If Art Briles' team takes a step back it will likely be due to rebuilding up front. The O-line must replace three starters, including All-American Spencer Drango; the D-line loses standouts Andrew Billings and Shawn Oakman.
The Irish have a tough but enviable decision ahead at quarterback — experienced starters DeShone Kizer and Malik Zaire both made a case in the spring. Sophomore RB Josh Adams replaces C.J. Prosise as the go-to ball-carrier. The defense could be very young without departed stars may struggle to replace standouts Jaylon Smith and Sheldon Day. LB Nyles Morgan leads a crop of promising replacements.
The Cougars are coming off a breakthrough 13-1 season and Peach Bowl upset of Florida State. Dynamic dual-threat QB Greg Ward Jr. should continue to develop under guru Tom Herman. He'll have help from RB Duke Catalon and WRs Chance Allen and Isaiah Johnson. Houston lost first-round CB William Jackson III and some other key contributors, but has other budding playmakers like LB Matthew Adams.
Mark Dantonio's program has reached the point where it should not slip drastically. Fifth-year senior Tyler O'Connor faces a challenge replacing Connor Cook but has a strong backfield led by LJ Scott. A new go-to receiver needs to step up for departed Aaron Burbridge. DT Malik McDowell is a future first-rounder, and Dantonio has talked up DE Demetrius Cooper. The secondary should be better.
The Huskies look poised for a breakthrough under third-year coach Chris Petersen after a very young 2015 team upset foes like USC and Washington State. The Pac-12's top defense in 2015 returns eight starters, most notably S Budda Baker. Talented QB Jake Browning and RB Myles Gaskin are entering their sophomore seasons. Browning and the Huskies' offensive line need to become more consistent.
Touted first-year student QB Jacob Eason did nothing to temper the hype with their solid spring game performance, but he's not likely to take over and excel right from Week 1. Star RB Nick Chubb is recovering rapidly from last year's knee injury. Coach Kirby Smart seems concerned about the O-line. Georgia's defense lost several standouts, but in general the personnel fits well Smart's preferred scheme.
The Tar Heels' offense should be even more powerful than last year's 11-win team. QB Mitch Trubisky has experience and a lot of help from centerpiece RB Elijah Hood, backfield mate T.J. Logan and WRs Ryan Switzer and Mack Hollins. Bowl game excluded, coordinator Gene Chizik's defense showed significant improvement in 2015 but needs to improve considerably against the run. 19
Mike Leach's 9-4 Cougars nearly won the Pac-12 North in 2015, beating Oregon and coming within a late field goal against Stanford. Talented QB Luke Falk returns along with receivers like Gabe Marks. Redshirt first-year student RB James Williams had a breakout spring and strengthens an already deep backfield. Wazzu has struggled on defense throughout Leach's tenure but could be stronger up front.
Sophomore QB Lamar Jackson followed up their monstrous bowl performance against Texas A&M (227 yards passing, 226 rushing) by throwing for eight TDs in the Cardinals' spring game (albeit against the second-string D). Louisville returns 18 starters in total, including standout DE Devonte Fields, All-ACC LB Keith Kelsey and CB Trumaine Washington and versatile S Josh Harvey-Clemons.
Surprisingly, fourth-year junior QB Max Browne did not come out of spring the clear starter over redshirt first-year student Sam Darnold. Whoever wins the job will benefit from a veteran O-line and playmakers like JuJu Smith-Schuster. All-American Adoree Jackson and CB Iman Marshall lead a potentially stingy secondary, but USC has some glaring holes up front following DT Kenny Bigelow's offseason knee injury.
The Ducks are stocked as always at running back (Royce Freeman, Taj Griffin) and receiver (Darren Carrington, Dwayne Stanford), but FCS transfer QB Dakota Prukop appears unlikely to replicate Vernon Adams' magic. New coordinator Brady Hoke should get more disciplined performances out of a recently woeful defense but is lacking top-flight playmakers in the front seven.
Despite losing several star players, the Gators should be very good on defense again, starting with CB Jalen Tabor and DE Bryan Cox Jr. Sophomore DE CeCe Jefferson is poised for a breakout. Likely new starter Luke Del Rio should be a major upgrade at quarterback, but the offensive line remains a question mark. The Gators do have the makings of a solid backfield, led by sophomore Jordan Cronkite.
This may seem like a steep drop for a team that went 12-2 last season, but power ratings suggest was closer to 25th than fifth last season. C.J. Beathard will enter fall as one of the Big Ten's top quarterbacks, and RBs LeShun Daniels and Akrum Wadley return as well. All-American CB Desmond King put off the NFL, and underrated LB Josey Jewell leads a potentially strong rushing defense.
Oklahoma grad transfer and former Sugar Bowl MVP Trevor Knight came in and rescued the Aggies at quarterback. He'll be throwing to stud sophomore Christian Kirk and Josh Reynolds. Star DE Myles Garrett and Daeshon Hall combined for 19.5 sacks last season, but the Aggies need to shore up a woeful run defense. LB Otaro Alaka's return from injury and sophomore LB Richard Moore's emergence should help.
Just missed: Oklahoma State, Nebraska, Arizona, Arkansas, Miami.
Turkey's new law tightening the state's grip on the Internet has gone into force after President Abdullah Gul approved the controversial legislation pushed by the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government.
The legislation changes Turkey's original 2007 Internet law, and has sparked street protests and various public campaigns against the new online controls.
The conservative government has rejected claims that the law will lead to censorship, arguing instead that it aims at protecting individual rights and privacy. "There is no censorship on the Internet. Freedoms are not restricted. We are only taking precautions against blackmail and immorality," Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan recently said.
"If the Internet and computers are not used in a proper way under certain monitoring and order, they do not constitute beneficial or educational tools anymore. Instead, they turn into dangers with bitter results."
Last year's Gezi Park protests against the Turkish government were largely organised through social media, which Erdoğan at the time called "the worst menace to society".
#UnFollowAbdullahGul
A Twitter campaign - #UnFollowAbdullahGul - was launched after Turkey's tech-savvy president approved the proposed Internet bill, despite their expressed concerns. Their follower count dropped by more than 100,000 in two days last week.
In another campaign named #4Saat ("four hours" in Turkish), liberal newspaper Radikal started self-censoring various news stories on its website every four hours - the time needed to block a URL under the new administrative process - to protest against the legislation.
Eyup Can, the editor-in-chief of Radikal, told Al Jazeera the digital campaign aims at providing the Turkish public with a better understanding of the new law.
"As the legislation is highly technical both in terms of law and technology, sometimes it is not easy for the public to understand. We wanted to display the practical future outcomes of the law and make the Turkish public grasp what changes it would make in our lives," they said.
The Republican People's Party (CHP), the main opposition party, has repeatedly declared it would take the legislation to the Constitutional Court.
"The AKP government, striving to restrict freedom in every domain, is stepping up its pressure on the Internet, which is becoming increasingly important in our daily lives," CHP said in a statement.
Turkey is an Internet-savvy country with 21.9 million broadband Internet subscriptions as of last September, according to a report by Turkey's Information and Communication Technologies Authority. There are 68.4 million mobile-phone subscriptions and 47.5 million 3G subscriptions in a country with 75 million people.
The European Union, the Council of Europe and the United Nations have expressed concern over the legislation, along with rights groups such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International.
A similar bill proposed by the government in 2011 was shelved following mass street protests. This time, however, the government decided to go forward despite a similar reaction.
What is new?
The legislation allows Turkey's telecommunications authority (TIB) to block websites without first obtaining a court order. With a complaint filed for breach of "privacy of persons", TIB has the power to order the blocking of a URL, which will be carried out by Internet service providers within four hours.
A court order must then be sought by the telecommunications authority within 24 hours. However, the web page remains offline until the court makes a decision.
The president of the TIB can also block URLs without complaints having been filed, if prospective plaintiffs are not capable of applying, or if a delay could cause "irreversible consequences".
Gokhan Ahi, a lawyer and lecturer specialising in Internet law, told Al Jazeera the TIB could use its newly given authority anyway it sees fit. "Will it monitor delays of complaints [over breaches of privacy] for every citizen, or only for the government? By law, this institution works under the jurisdiction of the government, and it would carry out any written order from it to block a web page when it has such a power," Ahi said.
Blocking web pages immediately after complaints are lodged creates a legal basis to sweep news reports and other online information under the carpet, Ahi said, pointing out that the ensuing court process ensures the URLs stay blocked for some time.
The rush of phone recordings to the Internet is so disgusting that, I believe, accelerating the legal decision-making mechanism [for blocking URLs] is in line with the principle of right to privacy. - Hilal Kaplan, columnist
Data will be stored
The law also requires Internet service providers to collect all data on web users' activities for up to two years, and to provide authorities with the data in question on demand.
Users' information on Internet traffic will be collected based on IP and subscriber numbers, instead of URLs, which was criticised as being more intrusive. The collected data will only be accessible by court order.
The law allows single URLs to be blocked, as opposed to entire websites, as directed by the old legislation. The blocking of YouTube from 2007 until 2010 for videos insulting Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey, was a significant example of that.
It also removes prison sentences for content and access providers who violate the law, which was a big obstacle for foreign investors in the sector. However, prison sentences can still be handed down if violators do not pay fines they incur under the law.
According to Can of Radikal, there is nothing wrong with regulating the Internet as long as it doesn't restrict freedom of information.
"Through this law, the job [to block web pages] has been left to the initiative of a public employee heading a state institution, and this creates an arbitrary situation," Can say.
Leaked recordings
The swift adoption of the new Internet law comes after the online leak of phone recordings that allegedly document corruption in state tenders and bribery involving business people and the Turkish government.
The latest recording, which was leaked on Monday, purports to be a conversation between Erdoğan and their son Bilal, in which the prime minister asked them to move money from their and their relatives' homes. Bilal supposedly said in the recording that some 30m euros ($41m) still remain to be disposed of. The prime minister has said the recording is fake.
Other recordings have revealed Erdoğan's direct intervention in mainstream media coverage. They confirmed one of these conversations at a recent press conference.
Some of these recordings were released through court orders and publicised by the CHP, the main opposition party. Others were leaked anonymously on social media and video-sharing websites, and their authenticity has not been challenged by the government.
In mid-December, the government was hit by unexpected and comprehensive corruption probes, mainly targeting the sons of ministers, bureaucrats and prominent businesspeople.
The government alleged the investigations were organised by a "parallel state", an apparent reference to Gulen, a religious group formerly allied with the AKP whose followers are widely believed to wield significant influence over Turkey's police and judiciary.
Erdoğan linked the phone leaks several times to the Gulen Movement.
The government's reaction to the corruption investigations was to initiate a country-wide comprehensive reshuffling in the Turkish Police Forces, which, according to media reports, halted a planned second and third wave of detentions. Prosecutors who launched the investigations were removed, and the AKP-dominated parliament recently adopted a new law increasing its influence over the judiciary.
Hilal Kaplan, a pro-government columnist for the Yeni Safak daily, linked the revamped Internet law to the recent phone leaks. "The rush of phone recordings to the Internet is so disgusting that, I believe, accelerating the legal decision-making mechanism [for blocking URLs] is in line with the principle of right to privacy protected by Article 20 of the constitution," they recently wrote.
The government has rejected any link between the phone leaks and the new legislation, saying it had worked on the text of the law for the past two years.
Radikal's editor Can disagree, however, saying the leaked recordings had spurred the government to push through the new Internet controls before local elections scheduled for March 30.
"The government would not bring the bill to the parliament this fast if it was not for the recent developments. It is an issue that should have been widely discussed in the country, as there are no certain global norms about the use of the Internet," they said.
Follow Umut Uras on Twitter: @Um_Uras
There is no way of writing this without seeming unduly boastful but, look, let me tell you about the day I dismissed Inzamam-ul-Haq. In front of 15,000 spectators. In Waziristan. During a game broadcast live on Pakistani national television. For reasons we will come to shortly, the scorebook does not confirm this wondrously improbable moment but those of us who were present know it happened, even if only for a sweet, incredulous second. But I fear I am getting ahead of myself.
There is no easy way for westerners to reach Miramshah, the administrative capital of North Waziristan. It lies in the heart of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas that, though formally part of Pakistan, have always enjoyed – or, perhaps, endured – a unique status. Islamabad's authority has only rarely been recognised here. It has, instead, been a hotbed of insurrection and, since 9/11, been a district on the front line of both the Pakistani army's counter-Taliban operations and the United States' officially unofficial drone war inside Pakistan.
Pakistan is a land in which many things seem all but impossible but where, once someone with sufficient authority has decided something should happen, anything can be done. And at a moment's notice too. When that person with authority is General Qamar Bajwa, head of the Pakistan army, things happen. If they want to organise a cricket match between a batch of bumbling British amateurs and a Pakistan All-Stars XI then so be it. There is little advantage in pointing out the inherent absurdity of pitting a group of middle-aged duffers against an XI largely made up of former – and current, by god – Pakistani Test cricketers.
Cricket on the radio: TMS, fake Nazis and how to blend fact and fiction Read more
The simplest, perhaps only way of reaching Miramshah, a former Taliban stronghold just 10 miles from the Afghan border, is by army helicopter. As the correspondent for Dawn, Pakistan's leading English-language newspaper, observed: “A few years ago people visiting a stadium in North Waziristan would have been more likely to see a beheading rather than a game of cricket.” Diplomatically, they noted that: “For the UK side, the match was a big step up.”
We were, apart from anything else, older than the opposition. They had age on their side as well as ability. The fixture, however, had been organised to coincide with the United Nations' International Peace Day and we would be contesting – to use the term in its loosest possible sense – the “Peace Cup” against an XI captained by Inzamam and including Shahid Afridi, Umar Gul, Kamran Akmal, Junaid Khan and Yasir Hameed. The hosts were strong – and kind – enough to lend us Mushtaq Ahmed without noticeably weakening their side.
We were not the kind of fools who couldn't recognise that we were, in effect, the pawns in a public relations exercise run by the Pakistani army, determined to show that something akin to normal life is returning to Waziristan; we were also not the kind of fools to turn down this kind of cricketing opportunity.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A packed house turns up to watch bumbling British amateurs take on a Pakistan All-Stars XI. Photograph: Alex Massie
During the long years of warfare, much of the local population fled Waziristan, seeking security elsewhere in Pakistan. The army now boasts that more than 70% of tribespeople have returned, though independent assessments suggest the true figure is likely to be somewhat lower than that. Nevertheless, what better way of demonstrating that all things are possible, even in Waziristan, than the ritual sacrifice of touring cricketers? Pakistan, after all, has never been an easy place to win, no matter the level of cricket you happen to play.
And we played a very low level of cricket. We were a team of journalists, human rights lawyers, restauranteurs, students and civil servants. Some of us had played to a decent school level; some of us never even reached that modest standard. Throughout our tour of Pakistan we were overestimated by opponents who struggled to understand how, or why, you would spend a fortnight playing 12 games of cricket in Pakistan if you were not actually any good at playing cricket. Team-talks amounted to the exhortation to “play as though you are a better cricketer than you are”, a maxim more often breached than honoured.
Bowling to Test cricketers is easier than you might think. Unless you prize your dignity, you have little to lose
But we were Peter Oborne's Wounded Tigers – taking our name from the skipper's acclaimed history of Pakistani cricket – and we knew what we were here for. It sounds grandiose to say we were in Pakistan to show that Pakistan is not alone and that some people outside Pakistan think it is important to send the message that Pakistan is still a country where it is possible to tour. Nevertheless, since we obviously weren't there to win games, our trip had to have some other purpose and we were shameless enough to grasp the most noble – if also the most awkwardly self-aggrandising – alternative available.
As was customary – indeed essential – Oborne won the toss in Miramshah and, with a view to prolonging the match, prudently elected to field. Thousands of tribesmen had been bussed in from all across the surrounding area; in the pavilion tribal chiefs rubbed shoulders with army officers and invited guests. Fancy pyjama uniforms, emblazoned with the Union Flag, had been provided for us. So had mascots, small boys in their Sunday finest escorting us on to the immaculately groomed turf, clutching us by the hand and waving small Union Flags prior to the introductions and, of course, the national anthems. I can assure you that few things make you feel quite such an imposter as singing God Save the Queen in front of thousands of spectators. It took an effort not to giggle.
Apart from Mushtaq, the All-Stars had lent us Shahid Afridi's cousin Nasir. Mushtaq entered into the Wounded Tiger spirit immediately, opening their spell with two wides during an over which went for 25. On other days this might have been dispiriting; on this occasion it seemed entirely in keeping with the faintly preposterous nature of the entire proceedings.
Paradoxically, bowling to Test cricketers is easier than you might think. Your expectations are lowered to the extent that putting the ball on the cut strip seems like a minor victory in itself. Unless you prize your dignity, you have little to lose and most of us learnt the value of jettisoning our dignity years ago. The crowd, demonstrating the hospitality for which Pakistan is justly famous, were generously willing to indulge our hopelessness.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The locals enjoy the ritual sacrifice of touring cricketers. Photograph: Alex Massie
The Taliban's attitude to cricket is complicated. Officially – in as much as anything in these frontier parts is ever official – the game is frowned upon; unofficially, as Oborne recounts in their history, cricket is one of the few things that brings Pakistan together. As one Waziri tribesman told him, many members of the Taliban love cricket: “Though they are fighting against the Pakistan army, they love to see the Pakistan cricket team winning matches.”
Normalisation is a word you hear often in Pakistan these days. Wracked by war and riven by division, the politics of Pakistan can seem an impenetrable thicket into which only the boldest foreigner dares venture. But, for all its security and political challenges, cricket can play a part in this needed normalisation of Pakistani politics and society. It is not enough on its own, but it helps.
Pakistan hails return of international cricket with joyous World XI visit Read more
Pakistani cricket is coming in from the cold, but only slowly. When we had left Lahore to head into the northern areas, we were replaced – I use the term loosely – by an International XI captained by Faf du Plessis, there to play three Twenty20 matches against Pakistan. All across the city, billboards and posters advertised the International XI's arrival for three fixtures, which seemed and felt more meaningful than the majority of officially sanctioned, rankings-contributing international fixtures.
But they were just a start, a further step along the road to Pakistan's full rehabilitation. With the exception of a brace of games played by Zimbabwe in 2015, no international cricket had been played in Pakistan since 2009 when, as we all remember only too well, Sri Lanka's team bus was attacked by terrorists. Cricket people are understandably prone to overstating cricket's importance but it was impossible to avoid the thought that the 2009 atrocity was designed as an attack on one of the pitifully few things that unites Pakistan's diverse, often quarrelsome society. Cricket is not enough to sustain the idea of Pakistan but it is difficult, and perhaps impossible, to imagine the idea of Pakistan without cricket.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inzamam-Ul-Haq playing against England. Photograph: Stu Forster/Getty Images
Strange things happen in Pakistan. We played 12 matches in Lahore, Sarghoda, Kashmir and in the Chitral district of the old Northwest Frontier province. On one occasion the opposition were, ludicrously, 65 for 4 after four overs. Two days before we flew to Miramshah, we contrived to concede 393 runs in just 30 overs. As confidence-boosting warm-ups go, this seemed sub-optimal preparation for our encounter with the Pakistan All-Stars.
For reasons that made more sense at the time than they do in retrospect, I had decided to abandon the orthodox slow-left arm that has, it must be said, generally proved thoroughly unsuccessful in the lower divisions of the East of Scotland league. I switched, instead, to bowling Chinamen for the duration of our tour of Pakistan. If Johnny Wardle could bowl wrist spin overseas and orthodox in Blighty then so could I. In any case, since run rates were never likely to prove a serious issue you might as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb.
My first delivery to Inzamam did not exactly threaten them but they were kind enough not to clobber it out of the ground. The second was a devilish piece of cunning, slanted across them and skidding just enough to – there is no other or modest way of putting it – beat him. Our wicket-keeper Nick Taylor, an Oxford Blue and by some distance the most accomplished cricketer in the party, thought there was nothing to be lost by appealing. Sensing that such an opportunity might never occur again, I joined in raucously.
Even so, it was with a sense of gawping amazement that I saw our umpire Ian Vaughan-Arbuckle – a former army officer who, among other distinctions, has umpired in the Over-50 World Cup – raise their finger. It is hard to convey the giddy astonishment of the moment. For a second, time seemed frozen: Inzamam ct Taylor b Massie.
Certain conventions must be observed, however. Chiefly that the crowd had come to watch Inzamam (and Afridi) bat, not me bowl. They had certainly not come to see Mr Vaughan-Arbuckle umpire. With a certain level of patrician disdain, Inzamam turned their back and waited for common sense to reassert itself. “Discretion being the better part of valour,” Vaughan-Arbuckle recounts, “I lowered my finger and the match continued as though nothing had happened.” Afridi, stationed at the non-striker's end, insisted that Inzamam had only hit the ground and it is true that television replays – the match was being broadcast on PTV, Pakistan's equivalent of BBC One – were inconclusive. How I longed for snicko. “At the end of the game Inzamam was kind enough to give me their hat,” Vaughan-Arbuckle says, “presumably as some sort of consolation for not walking.”
The next two deliveries were dispatched for six over deep midwicket.
Glory comes in many guises, however, and this brief, shining second is liable to remain the highlight of an otherwise pedestrian cricketing life that cannot in any reasonable sense be considered a “career”. Six overs later I tossed the ball to Mushtaq, asking them to bowl the 19th and penultimate over of the All-Stars innings. Mushtaq wasn't falling for that, however. “Oh no, you bowl. It is your match. You should bowl,” they said with a smile. They had bowled enough, they said, and, besides, their two overs had cost 40 runs. They had no intention of bowling to Afridi at this stage of the innings.
What English cricket can learn from Game of Thrones Read more
So I did. I have watched what happened next many times on YouTube – one video of the game had been viewed more than 300,000 times before it was taken down – and it never gets any better. Time seemed paused once again, albeit in a terrible way. Afridi spanked the first, relatively respectable delivery over my head for four. Immediately, with what I took to be some uncanny sense of premonition, I thought: “At least they are not going to be Garry Sobers to my Malcolm Nash.” The second delivery went over midwicket, the third over extra cover. The fourth was a towering six over long on. And so was the fifth.
Looking back, attempting to bowl some version of a flipper with my final delivery was bolder than the circumstances seemed to warrant. A wide, of course.
I cannot say I looked forward to bowling the extra delivery but nor was I altogether surprised when Afridi skipped down the wicket and sent it rocketing over long off for another six. “Sorry,” they said, smiling, as we walked off an over later. “Not at all, my pleasure,” I replied. “Besides, this is what they came to see.” In that sense it was a very diplomatic over, giving the 15,000 spectators precisely what they most desired. It was, I consoled myself, the right thing to do; the very British thing to do. As spin goes, this was rather more effective than any delivery I sent down in Miramshah. But I'll always have Inzamam. I'd like to think they know it too.
• This article first appeared in Issue 20 of The Nightwatchman
• Follow The Nightwatchman and Alex Massie on Twitter
• Save 20% on The Nightwatchman's 2017 collection with the offer code GSN2017
IPOH: A state leader here has chastised organisers of a leadership programme for their training method, which they said, may have traumatised the participants involved.
Perak Science, Environment and Green Technology Education Committee Chairman Muhammad Amin Zakaria told Bernama that using snakes in the training module was extreme and could possibly endanger the lives of the participants.
They were referring to a video recording that went viral yesterday of a group of frightened and screaming students who were made to cross a muddy pool while snakes were being thrown into the water.
The clip also showed water being sprayed on the participants as they scrambled out of the slippery pool.
“Such incidents will only cause stress, anxiety and fear in the participants to an extent that the process of instilling knowledge will not have been optimally achieved.
“I'm sure parents would not ever give permission for their children to participate in such leadership training in the future,” they told Bernama when contacted here today.
The two-minute video, which was widely circulated in social media, received harsh criticism from netizens.
Muhammad Amin said although the training was aimed at testing the courage of the participants, the use of animals, or in this case, snakes, was totally inappropriate.
“It is more of bullying the students mentally and physically.
“The incident should not have happened and the parties or organisers involved should be more (careful) in their approach as the participants were merely students.”
They said the committee would request for an official report from the Kuala Kangsar District Education Office and Civil Defence Force, and urged the relevant parties to act against the organisers and trainers involved.
They told the news agency that the committee also planned to meet with parents of the affected students to make sure they were all right.
Muhammad Amin acknowledged that leadership training was important for every student to value-add to their competence.
“Any training is meant to educate, provide new experiences and skills that can motivate the students to change their attitude for the better.”
However, they said, it was imperative for the school to be mindful of the training module that their students were subjected to in any leadership programme.
Bernama also reported that Deputy Education Minister P Kamalanathan said this incident should not have happened as the pupils' teachers had told the trainers not to throw the snakes in.
“Even though the trainers had said the snakes were not poisonous, that is not the issue because their actions caused trauma to the students.”
Kamalanathan said the school involved had also been asked to contact the students' parents to explain the issue.
They added that the school's counsellor had also been directed to hold counselling sessions for the students to avoid prolonged trauma.
Meanwhile, New Straits Times Online reported that the Civil Defence Force (APM) suspended with immediate effect its student team-building module following the incident at the Kuala Kangsar APM office. A total of 45 students of Sekolah Kebangsaan Beluru in Kuala Kangsar were involved.
A Perak APM officer was quoted by Harian Metro as saying their staff were investigating the case.
They said the aim of the programme was to measure a participant's team spirit, discipline and work level among others.
They said the force had been conducting team-building modules for the last three years.
“We are baffled as to why this approach was used. We forbid our staff from using snakes or even conduct any demonstration involving snakes.
“We place great emphasis on personal safety and are disappointed this has happened.”
6 years ago
Washington (CNN) - Congressional leaders spoke Friday after meeting about the fiscal cliff with President Barack Obama at the White House.
Congressional leaders attending the meeting was Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker John Boehner, and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. Vice President Joe Biden was to be in attendance, the White House said, and an administration official said Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner would attend as well.
Follow @politicalticker
Obama made a statement shortly before 6 p.m.
McConnell and Reid spoke on the Senate floor.
Reid said, “we had a constructive meeting. We certainly hope that something positive will come from that. The Republican leader and I and our staffs are working and we'll see what we can come up with. We shouldn't take a long time to do that. …
“If we come up with something, it's not that easy. We're dealing with big numbers and some of the stuff that we do is somewhat complicated. But I think it was a very positive meeting,” they said. “There was not a lot of hilarity in the meeting, everyone knows how important it is. It was a very serious meeting and it took an extended period of time as you all know waiting for us.”
McConnell spoke immediately after Reid, saying, “I share the view of the majority leader. We had a good meeting down at the White House.
“We are engaged in discussions, the majority leader and myself and the White House, in the hopes that we can come forward as early as Sunday and have a recommendation that I can make to my conference and the majority leader [Reid] can make to their conference and so we'll be working hard to try and see if we can get there in the next 24 hours,” they said. “And so I'm hopeful and optimistic.”
Boehner's office issued a statement which said they “reminded the group that the House has already acted to avert the entire fiscal cliff and is awaiting Senate action.”
“The leaders spent the majority of the meeting discussing potential options and components for a plan that could pass both chambers of Congress,” the statement read. “The speaker told the president that if the Senate amends the House-passed legislation and sends back a plan, the House will consider it – either by accepting or amending. The group agreed that the next step should be the Senate taking bipartisan action.”
In a paper statement, McConnell's office also pointed to legislation which had passed the House.
“While the House already passed legislation in August to prevent tax hikes (a proposal Sen. McConnell supports), the President and Congressional leaders today agreed that the Senate must now act,” the statement read. “This will require a bipartisan approach. Members of the Senate will continue to work toward producing a bipartisan package in a timely manner to protect American taxpayers and jobs from a massive tax hike in January.”
Pelosi said the meeting was "constructive" and "candid."
This cinnamon and honey flavored Sopapilla Martinis are inspired by the pillowy dessert pastries you find in Mexican restaurants. Marvelous!
Skip dessert and opt for one of these Sopapilla Martinis instead! They are so rich and sweet you won't miss it. Best part is you don't need any specialty flavored liquors, just vodka and spiced rum!
I've had sopapillas on the brain lately. First, I love that they are fried. Even a fried shoe would taste good, right? So fried dough is a great start. Sopapillas puff up when frying and get crisp on the outside. Then these little pieces of fried heaven are drenched in golden, sticky, honey. At the first sight of a plate full of sopapillas, my manners are out the window. I'm eating this dessert and licking my fingers afterward.
Because most likely the honey and fried dough are also topped in cinnamon and whipped cream. And if there's chocolate, well, a second plate might be involved!
But as much as I want to make sopapillas at home, I rarely make fried foods at home. I hate the cleanup, so I decided to make a sopapilla inspired cocktail instead. I've had this bottle of Maggie's Farm Spiced Rum for about a year. It's unusual because it has these very strong anise notes, which I found overwhelming in most drinks that use spiced rum. But dessert sopapillas can also be served with an anise syrup, so it's perfect for this cocktail.
Crafting a new cocktail can be tricky. The cinnamon and honey flavors were easy, but the hard part was getting that fried dough flavor into the cocktail. I tried heavy cream and cake vodka, but they weren't quite right. Then I tried cashews. Buttery, rich cashews… perfection. So, you'll need a blender to make these martinis, but they have the added benefit of being dairy free.
And these Sopapilla Martinis are pretty too! Especially when you use cute vintage glassware.
I found these Anchor Hocking Boopie glasses at the Goodwill last week for $.59 each! Originally, they were sold as a sherbet glass but I think they make a perfect martini glass. To be honest, I hate traditional martini glasses. Most of the cocktail sloshes out of the glass before you get it to your mouth. And I break them because the stems are so thin. So now I have a cute replacement.
Creamy cocktail, cute glass….swizzle stick! The obvious choice is a cinnamon stick! Makes me want to say things like “Why yes darling, this is a lovely cocktail party! Sopapilla Martinis? Simply marvelous!” You know, the kind of party where everyone kisses each other in the French way on both cheeks?
We deserve a classy drink, don't we? It's #ThirstyThursday, so let's clink glasses virtually! Send me a picture of what you're drinking. Twitter @theVintageKitty Instagram @vintagekittyblog
Print Sopapilla Martinis Prep Time 20 mins Total Time 20 mins Try to soak your cashews at least 15 minutes but longer will help make your cocktail smoother. Course: Drinks Cuisine: Fusion Servings : 1 Author : Vintage Kitty Ingredients Honey Syrup (makes enough for two cocktails) 6 TB Honey
3 TB Boiling water Martini cup ¼ cashews soaked in water to soften
2 oz honey syrup
2 oz vodka
1 oz spiced rum
Pinch of cinnamon Garnish Cinnamon stick
Cinnamon sugar
Honey Instructions Mix together 6 TB honey and 3 TB boiling water to make the honey syrup. Put a little honey on a plate and smear it around. Put cinnamon sugar on another plate and spread it out. Dip the rim of a martini glass into the honey and then into the sugar mixture. Drain the cashews and place in a blender with the honey syrup, vodka, rum and cinnamon. Blend until smooth. Strain mixture through a fine mesh sieve into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously and pour into martini prepared glass. Garnish with a cinnamon stick.
You might also like:
Watermelon Margaritas
When it's crazy hot outside, fresh watermelon makes the sweetest, most cooling margaritas.
Orange Turmeric Margaritas
Orange Turmeric Margaritas are a sweet and smoky take on the classic cocktail. Homemade simple syrup. fresh juice and a salty, spiced rim.
Pina Coladas from Scratch
Whip up one of these rich, creamy Piña Coladas from scratch and cool down in style! They are frozen, smooth, pineapple-y, sweet, and perfect for summer!
More than 15,000 scientists have issued a Warning to Humanity
Humans are "jeopardising our future" by failing to tackle material consumption and rein in population growth, more than 15,000 scientists have warned.
The "Warning to Humanity" is even more bleak than a similar prophetic warning to the world by about 1,700 experts in 1992 called the Warning from the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Writing in the online international journal BioScience, the scientists said every one of the major threats identified 25 years ago has worsened apart from the hole in the ozone layer, which has been stabilised.
They said environmental impacts were likely to inflict "substantial and irreversible harm" on the Earth.
:: Sky Ocean Rescue: How to get involved
Their warning comes as the UN Climate Change Conference takes place in Bonn, Germany - the first major environmental meeting since US President Donald Trump said in June the US will pull out of the Paris accord, which aims to limit global warming to 1.5C.
Image: People hold banners as they protest in Berlin against the US withdrawal from the Paris climate change deal
Led by top US ecologist Professor William Ripple, from Oregon State University, the open letter said: "Humanity is now being given a second notice.
"We are jeopardising our future by not reining in our intense but geographically and demographically uneven material consumption and by not perceiving continued rapid population growth as a primary driver behind many ecological and even societal threats.
"By failing to adequately limit population growth, reassess the role of an economy rooted in growth, reduce greenhouse gases, incentivise renewable energy, protect habitat, restore ecosystems, curb pollution, halt defaunation, and constrain invasive alien species, humanity is not taking the urgent steps needed to safeguard our imperilled biosphere."
A painful death on 'plastic island'
In their original 1992 warning scientists, including most of the world's Nobel Laureates, warned human impacts on the natural world were likely to lead to "vast human misery".
The new notice was signed by 15,364 scientists from 184 countries and drew on data from government agencies, non-profit organisations and individual researchers.
Prof Ripple said: "Those who signed this second warning aren't just raising a false alarm. They are acknowledging the obvious signs that we are heading down an unsustainable path.
"We are hoping that our paper will ignite a widespread public debate about the global environment and climate."
Voyage reveals plastic problem in UK waters
The scientists said over the past 25 years:
:: The amount of fresh water available per head of population worldwide has reduced by 26%
:: The number of ocean "dead zones" - places where little can live because of pollution and oxygen starvation - has increased by 75%
:: Nearly 300 million acres of forest have been lost, mostly to make way for agricultural land
:: Global carbon emissions and average temperatures have shown continued significant increases
:: Human population has risen by 35%
:: The number of mammals, reptiles, amphibians, birds and fish in the world has collectively fallen by 29%.
They said progress made in some areas, including reducing ozone-depleting chemicals and increasing renewable energy generation, had been far outweighed by the damage.
" Audio download (36 lectures, 30 minutes each)...mostly on a treadmill.
As a lad studying Latin II in high school, over 50 years ago (sigh), I was tasked to translate portions of Julius Caesar's accounts of the Gallic Wars. As I remember faintly, the foes were not characterized as barbarians, but rather more noble, even sophisticated...thereby making any victory over them much more meaningful.
Enter Dr Harl and this series of lectures...
The Greeks considered the early Romans to be barbarians unti
" Audio download (36 lectures, 30 minutes each)...mostly on a treadmill.
As a lad studying Latin II in high school, over 50 years ago (sigh), I was tasked to translate portions of Julius Caesar's accounts of the Gallic Wars. As I remember faintly, the foes were not characterized as barbarians, but rather more noble, even sophisticated...thereby making any victory over them much more meaningful.
Enter Dr Harl and this series of lectures...
The Greeks considered the early Romans to be barbarians until the mutual assimilation of each other's cultures...the Romans copied Greek art, and the Greeks got to pay Roman taxes...and so it goes. In my mind, this begs the question as to what constitutes a barbarian? Conan or Hagar? Or is it just (to paraphrase) 'one man's barbarian is another man's patriot'? These lectures examine the history of the various 'barbarians' the Roman civilization encountered during its domination of Europe and the near east.
Other TGC reviewers (and what a great set of reviews we have for these lectures) have noted that Roman history may be a roadmap for the future of the US...are we Romans? Dr Harl gives us plenty to think about. They posit: “To some extent, it can be argued that the 900-year history of Roman ascendancy was an interlude in local barbarian societies”, suggesting that the Roman era was just a passing fancy. But then follows with the obvious Roman legacies found in law, language, philosophy and of course the christian church.
Very good, in-depth course! Probably not a good one for the treadmill, since the shifting locations and cast of thousands are best augmented by following the guidebook and use of the internet...DVD might be a better choice.
Highly recommended, when on sale with a coupon. "
After four long years Attack on Titan has returned and it hasn't missed a beat. Now three episodes in, we have now been subjected to three cliffhangers and spoon-fed some horrifying revelations that seems to only deepen the mysteries they should be illuminating. One of the best things about Attack on Titan is that it provides fertile ground for speculation and it's now been almost half a decade since Studio WIT left us high after the massive reveal at the climax of the first season. Now that we're properly dug into the new narrative, we've finally reached the moment where we can begin one of my favorite activities. Trying to figure out just what the hell is going on.
The big mystery of set to simmer throughout the first season was the origin of Eren's ability to transform into a titan, seemingly caused by mysterious, half-remembered experiments at the hands of their father Grisha in media res between the fall of Zhiganshina and Eren's military training five years later. Wrapped up in this mystery is the unknown contents of the basement of Eren's home and, now, the appearance Annie who possesses the same ability as Eren. The origin the ability, the reasons for its development, the historical ramifications, and the possibility of more individuals with the same power, are all unknowns which could change everything. Now we begin the second season with a new mystery staring us in the face.
Annie and Reverend Nick each seem to hold the answers to these burning questions but, despite the Survey Corps holding them both in custody, we're no closer to any answers. The proximity of the information we al so desperately need makes the uncertainty that much more tantalizing, especially after witnessing the lengths Annie and Nick are willing to go to to protect the truth, both making it clear they would choose death before divulging the truth. Only after witnessing the human cost of the war on the titans was Nick even willing to give up a single name. This, in itself, provides us some clues, however. Nick has made it clear that they are protecting the secrets of their church, which means the titans in the wall are anything but a mystery lost to the ages and a very real conspiracy may be at work. Annie's similar reticence may indicate they also have someone to protect.
Annie's actions during their first appearance as the female titan indicated they were attempting to capture Eren relatively unharmed, delicately holding them in their mouth after defeating their titan form. If they felt some sort of connection of kinship after learning they could also transform into a titan and held the same goals then approaching to talk them would have been a more reasonable strategy. If they considered Eren an enemy then they would have crushed them on the spot. So where was they taking them and why? When Mikasa and Levi rescued Eren and made their escape, their final glimpse of their titan form showed them weeping in defeat. Whatever emotional investment drove their action remains a mystery but, perhaps, they were facing real consequences for them failure.
Despite Annie's cold exterior, it seems unlikely they were working against the human race as a whole. While capable of dispassionately slaughtering members of the Survey Corps that proved obstacles to their mission, they made more than a few meaningful connections during their training. Most notably, they twice chose not to kill Armin when given the chance. After coming to admire them for their insight and conviction, their mercy not only proved that they had formed a real emotional connection, but also that these same aspects of character which would make someone a great threat to them if their enemy was truly the human race was the very thing that ultimately made them decide to spare him.
The appearance of now three other abnormal titans indicate that there are most likely others besides Annie and Eren with the ability to transform, but their origin has remained a mystery to which we are only now receiving disturbing clues. The beast titan's particular speech pattern stood out, closely resembling the dialect of Sasha's hometown, and the bloodless disappearance of the people in Coney's village, particularly the titan with useless limbs that seemed to have exploded out of their house is as close to a direct statement that the titans which appeared to have broken through Wall Rose were, in fact, their own friends and family. But how and why did they change?
All of this questions touch on yet another mystery that has been, strangely, ignored by Eren's inner circle. Just where has their father been? A traveling doctor even before the fall of Wall Maria, now vanished without a trace, who seems to have devised some way of allowing humans to transform into titans. Grisha Yaeger's disappearance also conveniently coincides with the rise of these new threats to humanity. Although the conspiracy within the church indicates Grisha may not be the only individual with these means, there is the possibility of a connection with Annie. Retrieving their benefactors wayward son would certainly explain the tremendous risk undertaken by such a conservative character. Coney's village may be the outcome of yet more experiments and, given so many recruits seem to be from this region, may indicate even more members of Eren's class may share Annie's secret.
As always, the answers will probably reveal themselves with excruciating slowness and create just as many questions as they answer, but one common thread may indicate the direction all this is moving. Before being sidetracked by Eren, Annie had secured themselves a place in the Military Police who protect the heart of civilization, reserved for only the most elite soldiers yet supposedly furthest from harm. The secret of the titan in the wall seems to be known among the inner circle of the church of the wall, which likely means the royal family is also privy to and withheld this knowledge from the public. While it seems there may be several groups with connections to the titans in play, all of them are pointed toward the center of humanity in Wall Sina. The developments of the past five years may just be a more obvious expression of an ongoing conflict among ruling factions within the government.
There are a number of reasons Attack on Titan has found so much success among western audiences, but it's similarity with the popular zombie genre is one I find particularly fascinating. When you think about it, most titans are just supersized zombies, mindlessly chasing down and consuming humans despite being incapable of digesting them. Anyone familiar with the genre should know that every great zombie story shares a common narrative thread. The real enemy isn't the zombies at the door, but your fellows survivors inside with you.
You've heard my piece, so hit me with your own theories! What was Annie after in the first season? Why is there a titan in the wall and how is the church's involved? Who are the abnormal titans and what do they want? Comment below and share your wildest speculations!
---
Peter Fobian is an Associate Features Editor for Crunchyroll and author of Monthly Mangaka Spotlight. You can follow them on Twitter @PeterFobian.
Pokémon's Twitter account has sent out direct messages to a few of their Twitter followers promising to send them a “sneak peek at something special” in the mail. Those selected are asked to e-mail their home address to Pokémon's official e-mail account. Upon receiving the user's address, Pokémon replies from the same official e-mail account with a promise to send out the surprise at the end of next week.
What could the sneak peek be? Could it be related to Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire… or something else entirely? Thanks goes to forum user Teeboy23 for giving us the heads-up on this story and allowing us to log in to their Twitter account to verify Pokémon's message! We will let you know what the “sneak peek” is as soon as they or other selected Twitter users receive the surprise in the mail. Stay tuned!
Traditional media players such as newspapers, magazines and book publishers often get criticized for being slow to change and uninterested in technological progress, but as we've pointed out before, there is another world that makes these industries look like the most enthusiastic of early adopters: namely, academic research. Award-winning quantum physicist Michael Nielsen says that the closed and disconnected nature of most research is holding back scientific progress in important ways, and that we need to foster a new kind of “networked science” if we want to make new discoveries faster.
Advertisement
Nielsen makes this argument in an op-ed piece written for the Wall Street Journal, which in turn was adapted from a book they published earlier this month called “Reinventing Discovery: The New Era of Networked Science.” The author is recognized as an authority on quantum computing — having written one of the premier texts on the topic, as well as about 50 scientific papers for various journals — and was a faculty member at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Ontario. But chose to put their quantum computing work on hold in order to write the book, because they felt so strongly about the need for more collaboration and what they call “open science.”
Some scientists collaborate openly, but many do not
The physicist describes a number of successful collaborative efforts that have made real progress in scientific research, including one called The Polymath Project, which started with a simple blog post by a mathematician at Cambridge University who wanted to see if they could get help with a problem. Within a matter of hours, comments had poured in from mathematicians, a high-school math teacher and others around the world, and within six weeks the problem had been solved. Unfortunately, as Nielsen points out, this kind of collaborative effort is rare — and not just in mathematics. As they explain:
If you're a scientist applying for a job or a grant, the biggest factor determining your success will be your record of scientific publications [so] you devote your working hours to tasks that will lead to papers in scientific journals. Even if you personally think it would be far better for science as a whole if you carefully curated and shared your data online, that is time away from your “real” work of writing papers.
As Nielsen and others have pointed out, this reality stifles a lot of scientific research, not to mention slowing down what research does occur — since it has to take place in a tiny number of peer-reviewed journals (the ones that your academic superiors see as worthy), which take months or even years to publish. And as George Monbiot pointed out in a rant against academic publishing in The Guardian earlier this year, those journals are also only available to other academics, often at unreasonably high prices — even if the research that the article is based on was funded by public money, and much of to peer-review and editing that went into it was done free of charge.
Part of what is disrupting scientific research is the simple fact that the web exists, and the “democracy of distribution” (as Om likes to call it) that digital-media tools have created — the same ones that allowed the high-school math teacher to help solve the Polymath Project problem, even though they aren't a member of any of the prestigious societies or journals that usually deal with such things. It's more than a little ironic that many scientists still don't use the internet much for collaboration, when the network was originally created in part to help universities share research more easily — although projects like Mendeley are doing their part to try and change that.
The network is changing the way knowledge works
David Weinberger, a fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center for the Internet and Society and co-author of a number of books including “The Cluetrain Manifesto,” has their own take on networked knowledge in a new book called “Too Big to Know,” which is to be published later this year. Weinberger argues that the way we structure and achieve knowledge itself is being changed by digital networks, and that much of the existing ways in which knowledge is written down and maintained — from journals and peer review to libraries and copyright — is driven by the needs of a world based on paper:
If your medium doesn't easily allow you to correct mistakes, knowledge will tend to be carefully vetted. If it's expensive to publish, then you will create mechanisms that winnow out contenders. If you're publishing on paper, you will create centralized locations where you amass books… Traditional knowledge has been an accident of paper.
So how do we disrupt the academic-research business the same way that Amazon (s amzn) and the web have disrupted book publishing, or blogs and The Huffington Post have disrupted newspapers? Nielsen doesn't have any silver bullets, but they do suggest that government agencies funding research should require that those submitting papers must provide their research free of charge (the National Institute of Health has started doing this with research it funds or supports).
Nielsen also argues that scientists themselves need to start bucking the system and supporting open research, as some — including Microsoft researcher Danah Boyd — have tried to do. Unless scientists and researchers start to put the interests of collaboration and “open science” ahead of their desire to be promoted or win tenure, they say, the system will not change, and experiments like Project Polymath and others they describe in their book (such as Galaxy Zoo, which allows non-scientists to help identify interstellar phenomena) will continue to be the exception instead of the rule.
Post and thumbnail photos courtesy of Flickr users Jeremy Mates and Sandy Honig
DETROIT, MI - A massive hole opened up in the River Rouge bridge during morning drive time on Monday, stalling traffic and damaging cars.
The 3-foot-wide hole opened on the bridge's northbound lane, leaving a pile of rubble underneath. Cars were forced to swerve around the damage. ClickOnDetroit reported at least 25 flat tires caused by the hole.
The Freep showed a map of the collapse:
This is near a similar collapse on the bridge in 2014.
The Detroit Free-Press reports Monday the bridge isn't slated for resurfacing until 2017. MDOT spokesperson Diane Cross tells the Free-Press it's an example of putting "Band-aids" on a bridge that needs surgery.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder will meet with Republican and Democratic leaders this week in Lansing in hopes of forging an agreement on a long-sought plan to boost long-term road funding.
I am a combat veteran. I served for twelve years total in both the Marines and the U.S. Army defending my nation. I deployed to Iraq in 2005-2006. I came home with a TBI (brain damage) and PTSD from the constant shelling of the base. The TBI was most likely due to my being inside a port-a-john when a mortar exploded next to it. I came home on October 26th, 2006. I first tried to kill myself on December 24, 2006 after going to a church and an Army Hospital for help. I was turned away by both.
So, I drank a bottle of vodka, loaded a Beretta 9mm, put it to my temple and pulled the trigger. The gun misfired, but as the hammer fell I found the peace I desperately needed. Each day, though, twenty veterans have a similar experience and are not as lucky as I was. They were buried under the flag of the country they loved and were willing to die to defend. They just never realized they would die by their own hand on America soil far from the battle zone. What I did not know, what my fallen brothers and sisters in arms did not know is there is a cure.
The Veterans Administration in a new study has reduced the commonly referenced number of suicides by Veterans from 22 per day to 20 Veterans a day. As a Veteran, I can tell you these numbers are low. There are many reasons for this number to be reported lower than is the case, such as using State records that may not identify a victim of suicide as a Veteran. Further, cases of accidental overdose, car accidents and other manner of death that in fact was intentional, may be recorded as an accident. Mental Health treatment is paramount in reducing the number of Veterans who kill themselves, and do other self-harm short of ending their lives.
The VA and other mental health professionals have come up with new and exciting treatments and medications. But there is resistance among professionals to use treatments that work. We have all heard how medical use of marijuana is beneficial, and it is. However, I was very fortunate to participate in an experimental research project in Charleston, SC. The study was FDA and DEA approved and conducted by a group called the Multi-Disciplinary Associations for Psychedelic Studies or MAPS. I cannot emphasize how much this treatment changed my life. I went from constant daily suicidal ideation, anxiety, depression, to almost nothing. The best part was this was not lifelong treatment and medication. Three treatments led to a 50% reduction in my symptoms, permanently.
So why isn't this treatment given to every Veteran suffering from PTSD? Well, it's because it is illegal. The treatment is 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, also known as MDMA, Ecstasy, or Molly. That's right, the drug best known as a party and rave drug, cures PTSD. I do not use the term “cure” lightly. The Phase I and Phase II trials are complete. The results are stunning. 83% of participants no longer meet the clinical definition of PTSD. Everyone, even if the still meet the definition of PTSD saw a reduction in symptoms. Compared to the placebo which showed 25% of participants had reduced symptoms. The two most commonly used VA approved treatments are cognitive processing therapy (CPT) and prolonged exposure therapy (PE). While 70% of Veterans who received this treatment showed improvement in symptoms, 66% still met the clinical definition of PTSD. These treatments also leave 30% with no improvement. This treatment must be added to the arsenal of treatments available to our Veterans.
This treatment is safe and effective. The protocols for treatment call for administration of MDMA in a clinical setting. I want to emphasize that this treatment isn't a prescription for MDMA to take home. The only time I was in possession of MDMA was when they handed it to me and I immediately placed it in my mouth. When it started to take effect, my counselors began my 6-hour therapy session. It was intensive and psychedelic. The protocols call for two psychologists, one male and one female. The treatments are done approximately 6 weeks apart with therapy in between treatments. I saw improvement after the first treatment. After completing all three, the results were life altering. I went from being in a VA Mental Health Ward to working on a US Presidential Campaign for Sen Rand Paul in less than two years.
While I will freely admit, there is potential for people to abuse MDMA, we also use many other highly potent drugs in clinical settings where there is a need and no opportunity for patients to abuse the drug. Consider people having surgery, they are frequently given extremely potent drugs to knock them out. This treatment is administered by a doctor in a doctor's office, like a surgical patient. This treatment should be approved for widespread use to treat PTSD. This treatment is effective in Veterans, sexual assault survivors, domestic abuse survivors, and any other cause of PTSD. For this reason, the FDA will issue a decision on November 29th on whether the Phase III trials can begin. If the results are the same MDMA will be rescheduled in 5 years.
While there is a moral imperative that this treatment be approved to help those with severe PTSD, there is also an economic imperative. With this treatment, many Veterans would be able to work and be productive members of society and contributing by paying taxes. They would also have a reduced need for VA services reducing wait times at the VA. The largest impact in this treatment is if a Veteran can be cured, and went back to work they or they wouldn't need VA and Social Security disability any longer. This may seem like a small amount, but for a Veteran who is 100% rated due to PTSD that equals over a million dollars over 20 years. With 18% of the millions of Veterans suffering from PTSD this adds up to a substantial amount. If the VA and the FDA truly want to reduce Veteran suicide, the cure is there, will they show the same courage Veterans have shown on the battlefield and approve this treatment? Only time will tell.
The settlement will be paid by the City of Amarillo, which had a leading role in running the task force. Marcus W. Norris, the city attorney, said many drug task forces in Texas were poorly organized and governed. That led, they said, to poor supervision of Mr. Coleman in Tulia, a lack of accountability and catastrophic misjudgments.
''There's a lesson here,'' Mr. Norris said, ''that cities should be very careful about these alliances.''
Mr. Coleman, who was named Texas Lawman of the Year in 1999 for their work in Tulia, will go on trial on perjury charges in May. They have pleaded not guilty. Jon Mark Hogg, a lawyer for Mr. Coleman, declined to comment on the civil settlement.
At a hearing last year in Tulia, Mr. Coleman testified that although most of the drug transactions they swore to were in public places and that they did not wear a recording device, arrange for video surveillance, ask anyone to observe the deals or fingerprint the plastic bags containing the drugs.
Instead, they said, they jotted down information on their leg. No drugs, weapons or large sums of cash were found in the mass arrest in 1999.
Mr. Coleman conceded that they frequently used a racial epithet, but they denied that they were a racist.
Judge Ron Chapman, who presided over the hearing, found that Mr. Coleman had committed ''blatant perjury.''
Judge Chapman wrote that Mr. Coleman was ''the most devious, nonresponsive law enforcement witness this court has witnessed in 25 years on the bench in Texas.''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Tonya White was among those arrested in 1999. They were able to refute Mr. Coleman's charge that they sold cocaine to them by producing bank records showing they were 300 miles away, in Oklahoma City, at the time. They said the most important aspect of the settlement was disbanding the task force.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''I'm glad they can't do this to anyone else,'' they said.
Swisher County, of which Tulia is the seat, was also a member of the task force but continues to deny any liability in the case.
''We have stated for the last five years that we don't think there was any wrongdoing in this case,'' said Judge Harold Keeter of Swisher County. But they suggested that the county might be prepared to make a contribution to the settlement.
Mr. Coleman was supervised by two task force officials who were also members of the Amarillo Police Department, Lt. Michael Amos and Sgt. Jerry Massengill. As part of the settlement, Mr. Norris said, they will take early retirement.
''They were good officers,'' Mr. Norris said. ''They exercised poor judgment in this case.''
Lieutenant Amos declined to comment on that assertion. They said they had been planning to retire this year, anyway. Sergeant Massengill said they had no comment.
Mr. Norris noted that Mr. Coleman was not employed by the Amarillo Police Department and did not meet its standards.
Vanita Gupta, a lawyer with the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, which also represents the plaintiffs along with the Washington firm of Hogan & Hartson, said it was a mistake to focus only on Mr. Coleman's actions.
''The task force is ultimately culpable for what happened in Tulia,'' Ms. Gupta said. ''They hired, supervised and sponsored Tom Coleman's activity in the 18 months they were operating there.''
''It's not that Tom Coleman was simply a rogue officer,'' Ms. Gupta added. ''The problem is that federally funded narcotics task forces operate nationwide as rogue task forces because they are utterly unaccountable to any oversight mechanism.''
Mr. Blackburn said the settlement had the potential to draw attention to the work of similar task forces.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''I am really hopeful that this will send a shock wave to Austin,'' Mr. Blackburn said, ''and that it will result in a complete systematic overhaul of narcotics enforcement in Texas.''
While much of New York has been chanting “Let's Go Mets,” the Knicks quietly have gone about their preseason business with surprising efficiency.
Save for coach Derek Fisher's backyard brawl in Los Angeles with Matt Barnes during the coach's weekend leave, the Knicks have shown more chemistry on the court than anticipated. One preseason game remains Thursday in Boston before the lights go on for real Oct. 28 in Milwaukee against Greg Monroe and the Bucks.
Optimism is building out of the Knicks' 4-1 preseason because Phil Jackson's team doesn't look to be as dependent on the rookie production of Kristaps Porzingis as expected. Maybe the Knicks, who went 17-65 last season, will find themselves in a race for the eighth seed in late March and early April.
The Knicks look deep in the frontcourt, and have had excellent preseasons from forwards Kyle O'Quinn, Derrick Williams, last season's rookie bust Cleanthony Early and, of course, a supremely healthy and defensive-minded Carmelo Anthony.
Nevertheless, Fisher wants Porzingis to be the starting power forward opening night, even if they were shaky Saturday at Charlotte. Rusty from sitting out a week with a quad strain, the 7-foot-3 Latvian shot poorly (3-for-11) from the floor, got blocked by Cody Zeller on a dunk attempt and was pushed around by Hornets post man Al Jefferson, who backed Porzingis in easily for a couple of hoops in the second quarter. Patrick Ewing told The Post that Porzingis' weight shouldn't be that big an issue, but it looked like one Saturday.
“We'll see what happens with Kris, but I like them in there as well,'' Fisher said, referring to the starting unit. “The good part of all this, we can choose another guy and we'll be fine, too. That's what's different about this team.''
In fact, Fisher has a dilemma in whittling seven competent reserves into a five-man bench to form a manageable 10-man rotation. Indications are the rotation will change depending on matchups and whether Fisher wants to go big or small.
Jackson constructed a roster that gives Fisher choices. The Zen Master recently said Fisher's toughest job this season will be figuring out the personnel puzzle.
“We keep playing the way we are, we have a lot of guys who can play,'' said Williams, the controversial-signing-turned-revelation, who scored 23, 21, 19 and 14 points the last four games. “Not too many teams have guys who can play two, three positions. That's what you need in the triangle. When you have that, the sky is the limit. Only 13 guys can play, but we have a lot of guys who can.''
The starting lineup figures to be Jose Calderon, Arron Afflalo, Anthony, Porzingis and Robin Lopez. Fisher wants to roll out that quintet Thursday.
“That's the hope,'' they said, adding it wasn't a guarantee.
“We will try to play the game as close as possible to a real game,'' they said.
Among the reserves are combo guard Langston Galloway, whom Fisher reveres; rookie point guard Jerian Grant, who is poised and quick; and Sasha Vujacic, who is one of their only pure 3-point gunners and came to camp in good shape after playing in Europe four years.
Only hefty backup center Kevin Seraphin has more to prove. They missed two games with a swollen right knee and came back to shoot 2-of-16 in the Friday/Saturday back-to-back.
With this depth, it sets up Fisher playing starters modest minutes, and even Anthony getting more rest to keep them fresher for closing time.
Porzingis, on the other hand, needs more reps before the opener after missing two games and four practices, dating to training camp. They will enter the regular season having just one Garden game (against Brazilian power Bauru) under their belt.
“I wish I had one more game at the Garden, [I wish] the next game was at Madison,'' Porzingis said.
Fisher fiercely defended Porzingis' Charlotte outing, praising them for taking it strong against Zeller despite the block.
“I saw aggression. I saw them going to the rim strong. I saw them rebounding, changing shots,” Fisher said. “He's been in and out with injuries, so the shooting is not really my issue. I don't think we question whether they can shoot. Seeing them try to dunk on somebody, that means they played a good game.”
Fisher is being overprotective. They also won't stamp the preseason a smooth success yet.
“Preseason can never go smooth,'' Fisher said. “If preseason is going smooth, you better look out because something's coming up that shouldn't be. The preseason is supposed to be ugly, uncomfortable and weird.''
Knicks fans should be thankful the only thing ugly about October was Fisher and Barnes in the back yard.
A four-year study financed by Britain's Department for International Development revealed workers producing Fairtrade-certified coffee and tea in rural Ethiopia and Uganda are actually receiving less pay and experiencing worse working conditions than comparable workers on non-certified farms.
CTV News reported last week that researchers at the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London spent four years studying rural labor markets in areas producing coffee, tea and flower crops for export.
“Careful fieldwork and analysis in this four-year-project leads to the conclusion that in our research sites, Fairtrade has not been an effective mechanism for improving the lives of wageworkers, the poorest rural people,” said Christopher Cramer, economics professor at SOAS, and one of the study's authors.
Advertisement
The Fairtrade Foundation is a U.K.-based charity, founded in 1992, to help producers in developing countries earn more for their products. A Foundation spokesperson pointed to flaws in the study, and criticized its “generalized conclusions.” The foundation told CTV News there is a growing body of evidence that has “documented Fairtrade's contribution to a wide range of positive benefits for farmers and workers across regions and countries where we work.”
The study involved more than 1,000 days of field research and survey data on 1,700 respondents who exposed the often abysmal conditions of workers who pick the coffee beans, tea leaves, and flowers that make their way to stores in Europe and North America.
The report, titled “Fairtrade, Employment and Poverty Reduction in Ethiopia and Uganda,” looked at several factors contributing to poor working conditions including: wage differences, job duration and sexual harassment.
Source: CTV News
Related Posts:
​Rossoneri are enduring yet another miserable season, their second in a row. Although many think the lack of investment has brought their team in this uncomfortable situation, that is not the only reason.
Milan have made many mistakes in a past few years which led them to this downfall.
Here is a look at the 9 of them.
9. Awful Signings
Many Rossoneri fans would rather see, for example, youngster Bryan Cristante struggling on the pitch, than torture themselves by watching Essien and Muntari's displays.
Instead Milan sold a promising youngster to Benfica, but kept Muntari​ and Essien. But the truth is they never should have brought them in the first place.
They also brought Montolivo and Poli in attempt to replace Pirlo.... uhm, ok. And wasted their money on Pazzini and Matri. The list goes on...
8. Selling Thiago Silva
​In the summer of 2012, Milan could not resist an €42m offer from PSG for Thiago Silva, with an excuse that sale needed to happen in order to balance the books.
The defender was the first foreign captain Milan had in last 50 years, and was regarded and still is as the best defender in world.
With that in mind Milan should have thought twice before they sold him, as the club is failing to find a player who could step in their shoes since then.
7. Appointing and Sacking Seedorf
​Milan started their 2013-2014 season, without big reinforcements made during the summer, despite the club finished barely on 3rd position in previous season. By the end of December, the club found itself in mid-table position, and as a result, Massimiliano Allegri was sacked.
In their place, Milan appointed their former player Clarence Seedorf. It was Seedorf's first job as a head coach and although Milan were trumped by Atletico Madrid in Champions League first knockout round, and the club finished the season in 8th position in Serie A, the opinion of majority was that Seedorf was pulling out the maximum of less than impressive players in Milan's team.
Many shared the opinion that Seedorf, given the time and proper investments, could prove to be the right choice as head coach. Instead, Milan hierarchy ended their contract at the end of the season.
6. Inability to Find a Suitable Striker
​Since Ibrahimovic left for PSG, Milan were unable to find the suitable striker they needed.
Eventually they put their prayers in Mario Balotelli. And although Mario's goal scoring record is solid (30 goals in 54 apps), most of their goals came from dead ball situations, and 12 goals came in their first 13 appearances. The striker was unable to improve Milan's play in general and had a significant drop in form, before being offloaded to Liverpool.
Balotelli aside, Milan signed the likes of Pazzini, Maxi Lopez, Torres and now Destro over the years. But one name which is stinging the eye is Alessandro Matri. Milan made a panic buy and brought Allegri's favourite for €12m in time in which Milan needed to spend their money more wisely.
5. Appointing Inzaghi
​You would have thought that some people should learn from their mistakes, but not in Milan.
After sacking Seedorf, Milan decided to waste another of their playing legends by appointing Inzaghi. The result was nothing better, if not even worse, as Pippo could not produce a miracle with weak squad which Rossoneri had, and their passion for football didn't reflect on players and their displays on the pitch.
4. Sacking Braida and Leonardo
​Ariedo Braida (now working in Barcelona) was Milan's sporting director since 1986.  They are considered to be a person most responsible for bringing all those great players since Berlusconi took over Milan (alongside Galliani). They had contacts all over the world and was known for their ability to recognize player's talent and make a timely buy. They were sacked in 2013 admist between Galliani and Barbara Berlusconi.
Leonardo on the other hand, was a combination of scout and agent for the club in a period between 2003 - 2009, mainly based in Brazil and credit goes to them for helping the team in bringing the likes of Kaka, Pato and Thiago Silva. Milan later wasted them by appointing them as a head coach, as a replacement for Ancelotti, only to sack them after one season.
If these two people have continued to work, we might have seen some Brazilians starring in AC Milan's squad such as Lucas Moura, Oscar, Felipe Anderson or even Neymar, in time the whole world wasn't crazy about them yet.
3. Not Cashing-In on Pato
​Mixing emotions with business never works out well, and such was the case with Milan's Pato. Once the best youngster in the world, the Brazilian has faced a series of injuries that led their career go downwards.
In 2012, in a season which Pato showed their injury proneness, PSG made an offer of €45m and Milan rejected the offer, a move that would have given Milan the opportunity to make a bid for Man City's Carlos Tevez.
It is believed that a romantic relationship between Pato and Barbara Berlusconi canceled the transfer. It hasn't passed a year since then, and Pato was sold to Corinthians for €15m.
2. Releasing Pirlo
​"When Andrea told me that they were joining us, the first thing I thought was: "God exists". A player of their level and ability, not to mention that they were free, I think it was the signing of the century!" - said Buffon when Juventus signed Andrea Pirlo on a free transfer in 2011.
Since then Pirlo is winning Serie A titles with Old Lady, season by season, and is arguably their most important player till this day.
Milan released them with an excuse, they could not pay their wages anymore. Clearly that didn't stop them to pay the likes of Montolivo, Essien and Muntari later.
1. No Role for Maldini
​This is beyond any comment! Except DISGRACE!
For Milan not to offer their biggest legend a role within the club, after they hanged up their boots, along with the fact the player expressed the same desire to continue to work for the club is absolutely shameful.
The Vancouver Whitecaps family and beyond is still mourning the loss of Travis Selje.
On Saturday, they'll honour Selje with a moment of silence before the game, as well as a special tribute in the 35th minute of the match.
During that minute, which represents the number 35 that Selje wore in the Whitecaps Residency program as well as their March 5th birthday, friends and fans plan to stand and applaud in their memory.
The team is encouraging all attendees to join in standings up and remembering Selje as well.
The 17-year-old was a part of the Whitecaps Residency program from 2012 to 2016 and most recently the captain of Surrey United.
#VWFC are mourning the passing of much loved former @WFCResidency player, teammate, and friend Travis Selje.https://t.co/isyCL52Wdn — Vancouver Whitecaps (@WhitecapsFC) May 7, 2017
Selje passed away on Friday, May 5th, two days after being involved in a tragic car crash on their way home from soccer practice.
The Celebration of Life for Travis is Wednesday afternoon in Vancouver.
Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles today published a new guide for local people explaining how they can attend and report their local council meetings. New guidance explicitly states that councils should allow the public to film council meetings.
The new how-to guide gives practical information for the public to attend meetings of a council's executive and how to obtain council documents. The government has changed the law to allow citizens to report, blog, tweet and film council meetings in England. It also outlines the assorted rights that taxpayers' have to access council papers and documents.
However, many councils across the country are still refusing to allow people to film public council meetings. In some episodes of TV programme Grand Designs, viewers have been perplexed at cameras being stopped from filming meetings of the planning committee considering the self-build projects.
The new guidance explicitly states that councillors and council officers can be filmed at council meetings, and corrects misconceptions that the Data Protection Act somehow prohibits this.
The Health and Safety Executive has also shot down the suggestion that ‘health and safety ‘regulations' also bar filming, which Wirral Council used to justify a filming ban last year.
The new rules do not apply to Wales, as they have not been introduced by the Welsh government who have devolved responsibility. This led to the situation of a blogger being arrested and handcuffed by the police for filming a council meeting in Carmarthenshire. Wrexham council also banned a journalist from the Daily Post from tweeting a council meeting. Eric Pickles has today challenged Welsh ministers to introduce the new rights in Wales too.
Eric Pickles said:
I want to stand up for the rights of journalists and taxpayers to scrutinise and challenge decisions of the state. Data protection rules or health and safety should not be used to suppress reporting or a healthy dose of criticism. Modern technology has created a new cadre of bloggers and hyper-local journalists, and councils should open their digital doors and not cling to analogue interpretations of council rules. Councillors shouldn't be shy about the public seeing the good work they do in championing local communities and local interests. I challenge the Welsh government to give taxpayers in Wales the same rights as those in England now have, and stop the scandal of free speech being suppressed in Wales' town halls.
Further information
Your council's cabinet: going to its meetings, seeing how it works: a guide for local people is available for download.
The guidance gives practical assistance: filming should be overt, people should be informed at the start of the meeting, and councils should have a clear policy on whether members of the public who may speak at a meeting should have the right to opt-out of filming (so as not to discourage public participation). But the guidance is clear that town officers and councillors can be filmed, as they are public officials.
The detailed provisions are contained in the secondary legislation made under the 2000 Act, that is the Local Authorities (Executive Arrangements) (Meetings and Access to Information) (England) Regulations 2012. The regulations were enacted in September 2012 and announced on the Department for Communities and Local Government website.
Bloggers have reported how Wirral Council used ‘health and safety' as grounds for a filming ban.
Yet the Health and Safety Executive has slammed down suggestions that health and safety regulations prevented filming.
Blogger David Allen Green of the New Statesman has blogged on the Carmarthenshire Council case.
Last month, Wrexham Council u-turned on its ‘no tweeting' policy following a campaign by the Daily Post.
The Electoral Reform Society has accused Welsh councils of “conducting business like it was the last century”.
Jeff Kent, who won the National League Most Valuable Player award in 2000 while playing for the San Francisco Giants, will grace the CBS primetime line-up by appearing in Survivor: Philippines. Regarding their appearance on the show that kickstarted competition reality programming taking place in exotic locales, Kent said, "I don't want to embarrass myself. I did some stupid things in baseball...[but]...I played with integrity."
He's right about doing embarrassing things. In October of 2008, Kent donated $15,000 to support California's Proposition 8, the anti-civil rights initiative that banned same-sex marriage.
More noteworthy? Lisa Whelchel, who played the wonderful Blair from The Facts of Life, will also play in what is, more or less, a non-celebrity cast. Sad. They said that their appearance on the reality show's 25th season was the result of some sort of Betty-White-hosts-SNL-esque online campaign that they and their fans concocted. Whelchel is also an advocate for child abuse by way of hot sauce.
Also, for good measure, CBS cast a lesbian from Arkansas! Of course. Anyway, here's a video about this season, which airs on September 19.
Using a combination of relatively low-tech techniques and tools, security researchers have discovered that they can access the contents of one in six Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) buckets. Those contents range from sales records and personal employee information to source code and unprotected database backups. Much of the data could be used to stage a network attack, to compromise users accounts, or to sell on the black market.
All told, researchers managed to discover and explore nearly 2,000 buckets from which they gathered a list of more than 126 billion files. They reviewed over 40,000 publicly visible files, many of which contained sensitive information, according to Rapid 7 Senior Security Consultant Will Vandevanter.
"The security risk from a public bucket is simple. A list of files and the files themselves -- if available for download -- can reveal sensitive information," wrote Vandevanter in a blog post titled "There's a Hole in 1,951 Amazon S3 Buckets." "The worst-case scenario is that a bucket has been marked as 'public' exposes a list of sensitive files, and no access controls have been placed on those files."
"This is important to understand and emphasize," they stressed. "A public bucket will list all of its files and directories to any user that asks."
The root of the problem isn't a security hole in Amazon's storage cloud, according to Vandevanter. Rather, they credited Amazon S3 account holders who have failed to set their buckets to private -- or to put it more bluntly, organizations that have embraced the cloud without fully understanding it. The fact that all S3 buckets have predictable, publically accessible URLs doesn't help, though.
Just because a file is listed in a bucket doesn't mean it can be downloaded, they noted; buckets and objects have their own access control lists (ACLs). However, if a user does lock down files within a public bucket, a data thief could still glean potentially sensitive information from the file names, including customer names or the frequency which with applications are backed up.
Contributing to the problem may be the fact that all S3 buckets have a unique, predictable, and publicly accessible URL, which makes it easy to track down buckets and determine which are private and which are public. By default this URL will be either http://s3.amazonaws.com/[bucket_name]/ or http://[bucket_name].s3.amazonaws.com/. If you enter the URL and receive Access Denied response, the bucket is private. If it's public, you'll be presented with the first 1,000 objects stored therein.
Thanks to the predictable, public-facing nature of S3 buckets, the researchers were able to discover a total of 12,328 unique buckets; 1,951 of them were public, and 10,377 were private. They used a variety of techniques to discover those bucket names, including:
Guessing names through a few different dictionaries, including a list of Fortune 1000 companies and top Alexa 1000,000 sites
Extracting S3 links from the HTTP responses identified by the Critical.IO project
Querying the Bing Search API for a list of potentials
Notably, security researcher Robin Wood recently published a tool called Bucket Finder capable of drawing from a user-provided wordlist to track down bucket names in the S3 system. For any it finds, it will check if the bucket is public, private or a redirect, they explained.
Vandevanter and fellow researcher HD Moore recommend that S3 users check to see if their buckets are open. If so and you don't want to share the contents with the world, they recommend configuring them to private. "Remediation is quite simple for this one, and Amazon has made it even easier by helpfully walking through the options for you," they wrote.
In the meantime, they said that the Amazon AWS security team has warned their users about the risk and is "currently putting measures in place to proactively identify misconfigured files and buckets moving forward."
This article, "One in six Amazon S3 storage buckets are ripe for data-plundering," was originally published at InfoWorld.com. Get the first word on what the important tech news really means with the InfoWorld Tech Watch blog. For the latest business technology news, follow InfoWorld.com on Twitter.
So, here I am driving my car on Cambridge Street like I do 3 times a day in my town. My radio is on and I am listening to a top 40 station outside of Boston when a song comes on that I have never heard. The man's voice astounds me and I am transported in another way entirely. It's such a beautiful ballad and I need to find out who is singing it. Before I know it, the song is over and I don't know who it is! Tragedy! So I go home and look it up on Youtube and discover that it is John Legend. I know the name but am not that familiar with their music. Now I am. I have listened to many of their songs online and watched their videos.
Being the pianist and vocalist that I am, I had to learn how to play and sing this song. I discovered quite quickly that it is not a hard song to learn. There are only 5 chords in the song – Am, G, F, Dm, and C. That's it! So I've made a 7 minute video for you that goes through the chord progressions for each of the sections (verse, prechorus, chorus and bridge) as well as offering a few accompaniment techniques for the left and right hand. Give this a try, then sing your heart out!
This article written by Contributing Writer, Debbie Gruber B.M.,M.M. Debbie Gruber has a Master of Music degree, performs regularly at restaurants and is a private piano and voice teacher from Massachusetts.  They are also the author of numerous books and DVDs on how to play popular piano and is the President of www.EasyPianoStyles.com where they teach Skype pop/jazz piano lessons.
–If you liked this article Learn How to Play the Song ‘Happy' by Pharrell Williams or click here to subscribe to our newsletter.–
-Maybe you want to try your hand at playing the blues. Check out this video of How To Play A Jazz Piano Solo.
–Click here if you are looking for more piano related goodness.
A new website, hetexted.com, is a gold mine of confirmation for the validity of game concepts. Girls post screenshots of their text conversations with men they like (or in some cases, don't like) and ask the studio audience what it all means. The readers then vote on whether the guy in the text messaging conversation is into her, not into her, or the verdict is still out.
Ever wonder what kinds of guys make girls go crazy with anxiety, desire and romantic hopefulness? Wonder no more. It's those “bring the movies” aloof assholes. A perusal of the Hetexted website, and its overwhelming majority of text convos that feature laconic men and needy women, pretty quickly proves the old maxim that chicks dig inscrutable jerks, or at least chicks dig guys who don't fail the Jumbotron test. The hilarity of girls falling over themselves trying to ascertain how much love this or that guy who wrote a “nah” or an “aweee” or a “bring the iphone car charger” has for them is fun the whole family can enjoy.
Even better are the site's readers pleading with the girls who submit their badboys' hieroglyphic texts for public decoding that the guy in question is “playing a game” and is “no good for her”, which naturally is only going to serve to deepen the girls' infatuations.
(It's funny that, compared to men who only need to look at a woman to know if they'd like to date her, women need a team of advisors to tell them whether a guy is worth fretting about. It's almost as if women have sexual impulses at odds with what they claim they desire. Wait… they do!)
For a sterling example of the Jerkboy Jumbotron genre, check out this one. (Girl's replies are on the right.)
Underneath the screenshot, they wail their plaintive plea.
…SO NOW I'M WONDERING?
ok so…i like REALLY like this guy. we have a great connection, and i'm really falling for him. i really want to get to know them better but they are always so busy with work and lives thirty three miles away. should i move closer?? i think this could really work out but i dont want to move all the way out there and have my heart broken. thoughts??
“Great connection.” “I'm really falling for him.” “I want to get to know them better.” “Should I move closer?” “I think this could really work out…”
Nah.
And with that, another ten thousand niceguy, date-paying, considerate, chivalrous, white knighting, hard-working, emotionally available, respectful, attentive beta males face-palmed.
Moral of the Hetexted website: Do not chase girls. Make girls chase you. It's the only way to be sure you'll get the lay.
One tried and true method to make a girl chase you are to speak (and text) in mysterious monosyllabic code, to avoid early emotional entanglement, and to act like there are another twenty women lined up outside the door to service your autocratic cunt carver. In other words, to do the exact opposite of everything feminists, women in general, and your mom tell you to do.
Perhaps Bring the Movies Man, Skittles Man, and Nah Man should get together for a book reading of their collected wisdom. It will be precisely three words long. Afterwards, the flush-faced girls in attendance will spend three hours dissecting those three words and shifting inconspicuously in their seats.
Donald Trump is expected to raise more than $1 million in campaign fundraising at an invite-only event at Chicago's Trump Tower Tuesday. NBC 5's Lauren Petty reports. (Published Tuesday, July 12, 2016)
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will host a big-ticket fundraiser Tuesday in Chicago, their first campaign trip to the city since their canceled rally at the UIC Pavilion in March erupted in protests and fights, sources confirmed.
Though invitations for the lunch fundraiser do not list the location of the event, at least one GOP source said it is expected to take place at Trump Tower.
Tickets for the event range from $10,000 to $100,000, according to Lynn Sweet of the Chicago Sun-Times.
Donors making a $10,000 donation to Trump's campaign will receive a ticket for Tuesday's lunch, while a $25,000 donation yields two tickets and a photo opportunity. The biggest ticket, $100,000, gets donors access to a VIP roundtable, photo opportunity and two tickets to the lunch.
Violence Erupts as Trump Postpones Chicago Rally
A crowd waiting for Donald Trump to speak Friday erupted after the presidential front-runner postponed their rally at the University of Illinois-Chicago Pavilion over safety concerns. NBC 5's Phil Rogers reports. (Published Saturday, March 12, 2016)
Trump last visited Chicago in the lead-up to the March 15 primary. The divisive billionaire cancelled a rally at the last minute after protesters and supporters clashed at the UIC Pavilion, where the event was scheduled to take place. Nevertheless, Trump won the state's Republican primary with nearly 39 percent of the vote.
Trump's campaign was short on details about Tuesday's event, only noting that it was "closed to the press."
The event is being hosted by Trump Victory Illinois finance chairperson Ron Gidwitz, a powerful GOP fundraiser in Illinois. According to the Chicago Tribune, Trump is set to collect over $1 million in campaign funding from the event.
From Chicago, Trump heads to Indianapolis, raising speculation that they may announce Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as their running mate. Pence, who is on the short list of potential VP picks for Trump, met with the presumptive Republican presidential candidate over the fourth of July holiday weekend. Trump tweeted on Monday that they were "very impressed" by the Indiana governor, who at one time had their own presidential ambitions.
Trump's opponent, presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, will host their own big-ticket fundraiser Wednesday in Wilmette. The fundraiser will be hosted by Cubs co-owner Laura Ricketts and their wife, Brooke.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
ASHBURN, Va. - Police arrested an Ashburn man on Friday after they shot their girlfriend during an argument at a residence on Olympia Drive.
Officers said 34-year old Alejandro Delbrey held their girlfriend at gunpoint during an argument and shot them They fled after the shooting to a second home in the Ashburn area around 6 p.m. where they contacted authorities. They were taken to a local hospital where they are being treated for non-life-threatening injuries.
A lookout was posted for the suspect and deputies apprehended them after a traffic stop in the area of Belmont Ridge Road and Northstar Boulevard.
Delbrey was charged with malicious wounding, use of firearm during the commission of a felony and abduction.
They remain held at the Loudoun County Adult Detention Center on no bond.
Long known for their 4-2-5 defense, Virginia Tech surprised Ohio State in their visit to the Horseshoe last September by coming out in what was effectively a five-man front and causing problems for the Buckeye offense all night. While the alignment of so many big bodies inside was often credited as being the difference-maker that evening, no other teams proved capable of copying the Hokies' success.
Make no mistake, every Buckeye opponent that followed looked at what Hokie defensive coordinator Bud Foster accomplished and did their best to copy, placing three defensive linemen over the OSU center and guards in what's known as a "Bear" look. But as we all know, few teams found anywhere near the same success in their approaches, as OSU would go on to win 13 straight games.
The entire Buckeye offensive coaching staff certainly deserves credit, especially coordinators Tom Herman and Ed Warinner, for diversifying their running attack to incorporate schemes that exploit such an alignment. But as we look forward to this coming September and the rematch with Virginia Tech on their home turf, the OSU staff can't assume they already have the answers for Foster's aggressive version of the Bear.
Foster's approach is more than just an alignment, as the long-time play-caller in Blacksburg has implemented their scheme across their entire unit, not just up front. Though the philosophy was vindicated early on with the win in Columbus, Foster's Bear defense was used against a number of opponents last year by design.
With the success of "Power Spread" schemes like Ohio State's, which evolved from the one-back offenses of Dennis Erickson in the 1980s, many successful college football offenses look similar to what Urban Meyer has long implemented. These teams are able to stretch defenses horizontally with their spread formations, while still finding success running the ball. For the Hokies, the addition of OSU to the schedule meant they'd face this kind of offense at least three times in 2014, as the Buckeyes would offer a similar schematic challenge to that of ACC foes Boston College and Duke.
Meyer has long believed in this approach, as it gives their team the ability to beat nearly any team inside with combination blocks, while still attacking the edges with the threat of a quarterback run. To eliminate both factors, Foster moved bodies forward at every level, putting their cornerbacks on islands to the outside in solo, man-to-man coverage, allowing their safeties to attack any quarterback runs in the alleys.
Foster did so with their traditional 4-2-5 personnel on the field, sometimes even lining up in their base look before bumping down to the Bear. All it requires is a shift in the outside linebacker down to stand-up defensive end position, and bumping that end inside over the guard.
If the offense aligned with four receivers split out wide, the strong safety (called a Rover in Foster's scheme) walks out over the fourth receiver or tight end, but the free safety remains inside, almost like a second inside linebacker. The safeties are the most important piece of Foster's approach here, as they often became the all-important "free hitter" when the ball is snapped.
One of the most basic philosophies of option football is to gain a numerical advantage on the defense, as the quarterback becomes a threat to run the ball behind the blocking of five linemen and perhaps a tight end or running back. Traditionally, that meant the front seven players on defense (four linemen and three linebackers) would be one man short, and as long as each blocker on offense made their block, no one would be left to tackle the ball-carrier.
Against spread formations with three or four wide receivers, teams couldn't simply counter this action by bringing an additional defensive back into the box to help negate this advantage, as it left an open receiver. The one place a defense never seemed willing to look for this defender though was at the free safety spot, a long-time sacred cow to many coordinators.
Without at least one deep safety, defenses are forced to play man-to-man coverage in the passing game, which not only means those defensive backs have no help if they screw up, but that the offense also usually knows that it's coming before the ball is snapped. However Foster has long taught this 'Cover 0" man coverage to their secondary, allowing them the freedom to experiment with bringing the free safety into the box, a tactic that paid off against the Buckeyes.
As OSU came out with their base run game, built around tight zone and power-read, the Hokies consistently had the numerical advantage with eight or nine Hokies in the box. Specifically, Foster doubled down on this aggressive style when OSU brought their "H" receiver in motion to the backfield, looking to get Dontre Wilson or Jalin Marshall the ball on an outside handoff.
As Marshall motions to the backfield, the trio of the Nickel, and both safeties simply rotate over, with the strong safety becoming the new nickel to the opposite side, waiting to make a play on the outside handoff while the remaining inside players aligned in what effectively became a 5-3 look to the offense. The effort is bolstered by the defensive line, who all slant hard through their gaps, looking to disrupt any backfield action.
The left end (#40, an OLB), who is unblocked and left to be read as the option man, doesn't wait for the QB to make their read, instead attacking their mesh point with the running back to force a quick decision. At the same time, the DE that is lined up inside over left guard Pat Elflein is pass rusher Dadi Nicolas (#90), who is much quicker than almost any interior player the Buckeyes would face all year. Nicolas' first step explodes through the gap between Elflein and right tickle Darryl Baldwin collapsing the entire right side of the line.
All these factors allow the Nickel Chuck Clark (#19) to go untouched and clean up on the tackle, barely allowing J.T. Barrett to get back to the line of scrimmage.
With four new starters on the offensive line, a new running back, and a quarterback playing in their first real game action in nearly two years, the Buckeyes weren't exactly heading into the matchup with the same level of experience as their opponent. The game plan was notably limited, meaning there was little room for in-game adjustments.
The Ohio State rushing attack would muster only 108 yards on only 2.7 yards-per-carry that evening, by far their lowest output of the season. This number echoes what the Hokies saw the rest of the year when running this scheme though, as they gave up an average of only 2.9 yards-per-carry when running the Bear, a full yard below their average when running their base defense.
In fact, the only real success the Buckeyes found that night was when the Buckeyes could go one-on-one in the open field with a Hokie defender. Barrett regularly juked and side-stepped even the most athletic Hokies once they were able to get outside, and though he'd only gain 32 yards on eight carries that night, Ezekiel Elliott picked up half of them on their second half touchdown run.
By using the Hokies' aggressive tendencies against H motion against them, OSU evened the numbers to one side by sending Wilson across the formation, and watching the Hokies flip their strength. However, once Barrett made their pitch to Elliott on the speed option, the flowing free safety had to cover quite a bit of ground, allowing the shifty back time to adjust course and throw off the defender's angle.
These one-on-one battles showed how OSU must attack this look in the fall, as the Buckeyes will have the edge in athleticism at nearly every position on the field. However, Foster won't make it easy. As they noted in a recent interview with HamptonRoads.com, Foster expects to see a big dose of Ezekiel Elliott and the Buckeye running game in the rematch.
"...they're going to run their offense. They ran it with the big kid, they ran their same offense they ran against us in September. The big thing they were able to do, nobody could stop their running back. That's the one thing that we did was load the box and make them have to beat us throwing the football. But we'll study them against particularly some looks that we gave them, to see if that's something that we want to continue with or if we want to change some things up, but I don't see them changing their offense."
But Foster is giving the Buckeyes a pretty good blueprint of how their defense can be beat as well. As noted before, it's abundantly clear before the snap that their secondary players are left on an island in the passing game.
While many fans remember the seemingly endless pressure put on Barrett by Foster's zone blitzes on third downs that night, the Buckeyes were able to find some success through the air. With the corners isolated on the outside receivers, Mike Thomas was able to use their big body to wall off their defender, resulting in six catches, including a long touchdown catch off a slant route.
The Hokie defender never has a chance to make a play on the ball, as Thomas stays between the QB and the corner the entire time, at which point their strength and speed proves too much for the DB to bring down in the open field.
Additionally, Barrett found success by attacking the seams with the slot receiver, hitting Dontre Wilson and Devin Smith for some big gains by simply allowing them to use their speed to get behind the Nickel, who has no free safety help behind him.
This may explain why the Buckeyes focused so heavily on attacking the deep middle of the field in the spring game, as the best way to remove the extra man in the box is to force Foster to change their coverage in order to take away the deep ball. As that OSU spring game also showed though, that's much easier said than done. Even with a big armed QB like Cardale Jones tossing it around, the Buckeyes lost their best deep threat in Devin Smith, and are relying on Corey Smith and Jalin Marshall to fill some big shoes.
Though they had to face Bear fronts for the duration of 2014, few opponents ran this aggressive "Cover 0" against the Buckeyes, mainly because it's not something that can be taught in one week of practice. For the Hokies, it's become a core piece of their philosophy, much in the same way option football is for the OSU offense.
The simple blocking adjustments that took apart Maryland or even Oregon don't really apply to the Hokies, as their man advantage can't be negated by looping a tackle or attacking a different gap. For the Buckeye offense to succeed in Lane Stadium on September 7th, they'll have to step way outside their comfort zone. Bud Foster certainly isn't stepping out of his.
Statistics have a mind-boggling effect on today's game. They sometimes have the habit in failing to tell us the whole story of the game, and can even lay foundations for the irrational theories or beliefs people throw about these days.
Just take a look back at last seasons Champions League final. Chelsea finally won the holy grail in the eyes of their Russian owner, but the stats tell a completely different story. According to the BBC, Bayern Munich had a staggering 34 shots with 21 on target, apposed to Chelsea's 9. The Blues committed 26 fouls compared to Bayern Munich's 11, suggesting that they were being overrun and dominated by the German's slick, passing play. The Germans were clearly dominant in Chelea's defensive third, winning themselves 20 corners compared to Chelsea's 1. Statistics show you that Bayern Munich dominated the Champions League Final, but Chelsea only needed that one corner to level the tie, and the rest is history.
However, one thing statistics do is define the sort of career a player had. Stats separate the good from the great, and the great from the best.
I recently stumbled across a photo which showed me career stats of Frank Lampard, Steven Gerrard and Xavi Hernandez - what I saw was baffling. I researched these stats on Wikipedia, BBC and ESPN.net to see how legitimate this data was. The information on the photo was a bit off, but what I came across was astonishing.
The stats below show the career appearances, goals and assists chart from who I believe are the five greatest midfielders of this generation. As mentioned above, these stats were all attained from my own research, and have been mentioned in this article due to their reliability.
Name Age Club Appearances Goals Assists Paul Scholes 38 Manchester United 713 155 31 Xavi Hernandez 32 Barcelona 655 79 82 Steven Gerrard 32 Liverpool 613 154 100 Frank Lampard 34 Chelsea 581 194 130 Andres Iniesta 28 Barcelona 482 49 61
Topping the charts is Frank Lampard. Just six goals shy of 200 for Chelsea and with 130 assists for the Blues, statistically Frank Lampard is the most proficient, creative and effective midfielder of their generation.
Their career stats are unbelievable. They should be cherished by Chelsea, not thrown to one side due to their age. Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has used Paul Scholes[38] and Ryan Giggs[39] to maximum effect over the years, even convincing the former to come out of retirement. But something tells me that Frank Lampard can still play week in, week out at the top level. Is that with Chelsea? I don't think so.
Frank is and always will be a Chelsea and Premier League legend, and although their affection to Chelsea Football Club is still as strong as ever, it may be in Frank's best wishes to pack their bags and move away from Stamford Bridge this summer.
Lampard would be welcomed at any top club, and Manchester United have been tipped to pounce for the attacking midfielder. Being linked with Manchester United in the twilight of their career is testament to Lampard's loyalty, dedication and professionalism.
At the age of 34 and still going strong, Frank Lampard has further cemented their legacy as one of the greatest players of their generation with their performances this season. Deemed surplus to requirements at Chelsea Football Club, Frank will be able to join a new club in the summer, on a free.
Whoever signs Frank Lampard will be getting a world-class, goal-scoring professional who just wants to carry on playing football. This season they are proving Chelsea Football Club that despite being the age of 34, they still have plenty to offer.
Source: DSG
The peace profiteer
Ezio Testa, an Italian executive, built a lucrative business in the late 1990s helping to supply U.N. peacekeepers with the food rations, body armor, and other essentials they need to sustain themselves in the world's nastiest conflict zones. But Testa held an improper edge over their competitors, according to an internal U.N. investigation: They were paying for inside information about upcoming contracts.
The details of Testa's murky empire are brought to light in a previously unreported December 2008 letter, marked "strictly confidential" and sent by an internal U.N. watchdog, the U.N. Procurement Task Force, to the lawyers of U.S. security contractor Armor Holdings. The letter, obtained by Turtle Bay, spells out how Testa paid for illegal information from a U.N. procurement officer, Alexander Yakovlev, on behalf of a former executive at Armor Holdings. Testa and Yakovlev then "entered into a corrupt agreement to steer a valuable United Nations contract to Armor Holdings in exchange for promises of sums of money to be paid to the individual participants," the letter concludes. Such confidential information subsequently helped Armor Holdings win a contract for bullet-proof vests for a U.N. peacekeeping mission.
What emerges is a picture of a man whose career flourished in the shadows of the U.N. system as they acted as a fixer for multinational corporations seeking access to contracts for servicing the U.N.'s expanding peacekeeping empire. U.N. investigators from the task force had previously linked Testa to Eurest Support Services International (ESS), a subsidiary of the world's largest food caterer, Compass Group, which improperly secured contracts for more than $100 million for food and other supplies. Their allegedly illicit activities were first reported in a 2005 series by Fox News. And Testa's company was later blacklisted by the United Nations.
Neither Testa, IHC, nor ESS were prosecuted for their alleged role in the food-ration scheme. But ESS's parent company, Compass Group, settled a lawsuit from two competitors who claimed they'd lost their bids because of fraudulent behavior. Compass paid more than $70 million to the two companies, but did not accept liability.
The U.N. letter, however, discloses new details, most importantly by connecting Testa and Yakovlev directly to a wide-ranging criminal investigation by the U.S. Justice Department into bid-rigging by former officials at Armor Holdings and other security contractors. Testa's contact at Armor Holdings was Richard Bistrong, a former senior official who was charged in January with paying bribes to officials in the Netherlands and in the United Nations to secure insider information on contracts for bullet-proof vests.
Yakovlev pleaded guilty in 2005 to unrelated federal charges that they received about $1 million in bribes for insider information from companies seeking U.N. contracts. Both men's cases have been reported previously, Bistrong's by the New York Times last month. But this is the first time that Bistrong, Testa, and Yakovlev have all been linked.
Testa declined to comment on the case, saying they had no idea that they were tied to the Bistrong case through their alleged links to Armor Holdings. "I am unaware of what you are telling me," they said before hanging up. A spokesperson for the Justice Department, Laura Sweeney, declined to say whether Testa themselves was the target of a federal criminal investigation.
Becoming a player
Testa first came on the scene in 1996, heading the firm IHC Services Inc., which offered consulting services to large multinationals looking to tap into the billions of dollars the United Nations spends each year to service its 18 peacekeeping missions. On their personal website, Testa, who obtained U.S. citizenship in 2004, describes themselves as an expert in "cost control." A longer online profile recounts their career as a senior executive at Torno Construction, one of Europe's largest construction firms. They have built oil pipelines between Turkey and Iraq, assisted U.N. peacekeeping missions in Africa, and helped with preparations for Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2002. "We put 18,000 troops in the middle of the Kuwaiti desert where there was nothing but sand … and in 96 days they had everything."
Testa established themselves as a player into the late 1990s, appointing one of the U.N.'s best-known diplomats, Giandomenico Picco, as chairperson of the IHC board of directors, a position they held even as they continued to serve as a top U.N. official. Testa also cultivated personal relationships with members of an obscure community of U.N. procurement officers. Prizing secrecy, Testa required companies they represented to sign confidentiality agreements that prohibited them from acknowledging they had ever hired him, according to the U.N. task force's 2006 report.
In 1998, Testa met Yakovlev, a U.N. procurement officer from Russia, and offered to help them start up their own business in Moscow. Yakovlev hoped their company would market a product called Oilgater, which uses germs to erode grease and oil. Before long, Yakovlev, still a U.N. procurement officer despite their private business activities on the side, furnished Testa and their clients with internal documents that helped them secure U.N. business, according to the letter and the 2006 report. Testa gave Yakovlev a mobile telephone and paid the bill. In May 2000, Testa hired Yakovlev's son Dmitry at IHC as a low-level administrative assistant.
How Testa and Yakovlev first got involved with Bistrong is unclear, but the letter accuses Testa of providing confidential information to representatives of Supercraft (Europe) Ltd., a London-based subsidiary of Armor Holdings, in exchange for about $200,000 in cash payments. According to the letter, the firm's managing director sent Testa an email in May 2001 seeking "confidential and proprietary" information from a source inside the U.N. procurement department. Four months later, Testa sent the managing director's boss, Bistrong, a copy of an internal U.N. memo with technical evaluation for an ongoing bid for bulletproof vests. "This confidential information was furnished to Bistrong by Testa in an email instructing them to ‘[p]lease destroy after reading,'" according to the letter.
A 2007 filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Armor Holdings confirms that one of its subsidiaries hired Testa's company, IHC, to help prepare a bid proposal for the purchase of body armor for U.N. peacekeepers.
Yakovlev first became a target of a U.N. investigation into corruption in the oil for food program in Iraq. In 2006, the United Nation task force produced a report that spelled out how "Mr. Yakovlev and Mr. Testa engaged in corrupt practices involving important United Nations business and procurement exercises." Yakovlev resigned from the United Nations in June 2005 and was subsequently arrested and pleaded guilty for fraud and money laundering in the southern district court in Manhattan (though they were never sentenced and remains free). Also as a result of that investigation, Testa's company was suspended from the U.N. list of approved contractors. John Suttle, a spokesperson for BAE Systems, which bought Armor Holdings in July 2007, said that Armor severed relations with IHC at that time.
Suttle said the company dismissed officials implicated in the alleged scheme after it conducted its own investigation into the U.N.'s findings. They said their company has cooperated fully with U.N. and federal investigators and that the U.N. ultimately withdrew the letter to reflect that cooperation.
As part of their plea agreement, Yakovlev agreed to cooperate with the prosecution, according to their lawyer Arkady Bukh. Bukh said they did not believe Yakovlev was a target of the ongoing federal investigation into Bistrong, but they said they could neither admit nor deny that their client was cooperating with federal investigators in that case. Bistrong's lawyer, Brady Toensing, declined to comment.
Another compounding detail of the case comes from Bistrong's personal entanglements. They were married to a former U.S. ambassador at the United Nations, Nancy Soderberg, who oversaw U.N. peacekeeping operations for the United States. But the alleged crimes occurred after Soderberg, who served under the Clinton administration, had left the United Nations. And they have not been linked to the case. They have since divorced.
Investigation issues at the U.N.
In addition to flagging serious concerns about the transparency of the U.N. procurement system in recent years, the case also raises questions about how the United Nations investigates incidents of internal corruption. The investigation into Armor Holdings is one of scores of corruption probes conducted by the now-defunct U.N. procurement task force from 2006 until 2009, when its mandate expired. That task force specialized in white-collar criminal investigations, some of which have led to criminal investigation in U.S. courts.
While its mandate lasted, the task force faced intense criticism from the governments of Singapore and Russia, whose nationals were targeted by its investigations. In December 2008, Russia pressed for the barring of any task force members from being hired by the United Nations. The U.N. leadership, meanwhile, blocked the hiring of the task force's chairperson, Robert Appleton, last year on the grounds that there were no women or non-American candidates on the shortlist.
The expertise amassed from the task force was supposed to be incorporated into the investigations division in the U.N.'s internal oversight office. But the task force and most of its staff have left the United Nations, and the U.N. has been slow to hire new investigators, undercutting its capacity to police itself.
U.N. spokesperson Farhan Haq said that "all hiring of personnel has to comply with the guidelines that include steps to ensure that all hiring processes are fair and take into account a wide range of candidates."
There are many wonderful things about golf. One thing is that it's nice being outdoors, with the trees and the birds and the gophers and so forth. The feeling of being at peace with nature can be slightly offset if one thinks of the wetlands or prairie that was ruined to build the course, or the tons of fertilizer that are needed to keep it green, but in many cases if a golf course weren't where it is something worse would be, so what the hell.
Another good thing about golf is the exercise. Of course it is now customary to keep that to a minimum by using an electric cart, but even getting in and out of cart, walking to the ball, taking a couple of practice swings and the like are more exercise than one would be getting if one weren't playing golf. And, in connection with point number one, the carts are electric, perhaps having less of an impact on the environment than the sweat and carbon-dioxide one would produce without them.
Clearly the best things about golf, however, is how far one can hit a golf ball. A duffer like I used to be can hit a golf ball almost two hundred yards—well over two hundred yards, if slicing isn't a concern. That's yards. The centerfield fence in a fairly big baseball stadium is seldom much more than four hundred feet from homeplate. A duffer could tee up in front of homeplate at Candlestick Park and drive the ball consistently way up into the seats (although not consistently into the centerfield seats, it must be admitted). A good golfer could probably hit a three or four-wood out of Candlestick—something I don't think anyone has ever done with a baseball. In fact, I once had a club slip out of my hands as I completed my follow-through, and it went further than any baseball I ever hit. To be honest, I don't think anything I've ever done athletically is more pleasurable than the feel of a solidly hit drive, and the first couple of seconds of its flight—right up until it starts to slice towards the trees.
There is just one basic problem with golf, which makes it a lousy sport. That is the fact that there is an objective score.
I used to play golf with my friend Julius. We also played tennis. Suppose on some hot Friday in July we play eighteen holes of golf, and I beat Julius (although in fact they usually won), by a score of 103 to 105. (This is actually a pretty low score, due to the fact that we played Winter Rules except during the middle two weeks of August.) I would not feel good about this. 103 is a lousy golf score, whether one beats Julius or not. It would be worse to hit 103 and lose to Julius, of course, but not much.
Now compare this with tennis. On Saturday we play tennis, and let's suppose (although this is also unlikely) that I win, three sets to two. In all likelihood our tennis is even more pitiful than our golf, if that's possible. But I feel great at having beat Julius. It's because there is no objective score. If there was such a thing as breaking 100 at tennis, I no doubt would have failed and felt miserable even though I won. But there is no such thing, and I feel great.
The fact that there is an objective, cumulative score in golf has another implication, which is that one lousy hole can ruin an entire round. I mentioned above that I used to be a duffer. The fact that I am no longer a duffer is not due to improvement, but to abandoning the game entirely. This came about in the following way.
One day Julius and I were playing and I was doing incredibly well. As we teed off on the sixteenth hole at Stanford's course, I had a real chance of breaking 90, which I had never done. Playing at that level meant that I was destroying Julius, of course. I felt great. And my tee shot went about two-hundred and fifty yards, straight down the fairway. Bliss.
But then I shanked my next shot off to the right, in among some rocks well up in the rough. The next shot flew back over the fairway, into the left rough. A nicely hit long iron produced a moment of pleasure, as it appeared to make it to the green. But upon closer inspection the ball was in a trap just short of the green. Three shots to get out of that trap, over the green and into another trap on the other side. Two shots to get out of that. Three putts. A thirteen for the hole. No chance of breaking 90, or even one hundred. A good chance of losing to Julius.
At about this point, after picking up my ball and as I walked to the seventeenth tee pretending to listen to Julius's detailed description of their brilliant bogey, I introspected. And what did I find? I noticed that I felt absolutely miserable. My self-esteem was plummeting. My stress level was rising. Basically, I was at my low point for the week. I would have been more relaxed if I had spent the morning grading papers or reading memos from the dean or some other activity that I normally regard as roughly equivalent, as far as producing relaxation and pleasure, to having a cavity filled.
I finished up the round, and have never been back to a golf course. Who needs it. Tennis for me. God didn't give me much in the way of athletic ability. Age and a lifetime of poor nutrition and sedentary jobs haven't helped. But how ever old and frail and inept I am, I can find a tennis partner that I can occasionally beat. And those moments of victory are as pure and sweet as winning Wimbeldon would be, unsullied by some high number on a score card reminding me that I really stink.
[+]Enlarge SEMISYNTHESIS Bacterium produces lomaiviticin C in substantial amounts. Researchers used diazo addition to convert it to lomaiviticin A.
The natural product lomaiviticin A is one of the most cytotoxic compounds known and a potential anticancer agent. But it has been available only in vanishingly small quantities, its stereochemistry was incompletely assigned, and its mechanism of action was not known.
Synthetic chemist Seth B. Herzon of Yale University and coworkers have now eliminated the supply problem, established the natural product's stereochemistry, and gleaned a few clues about how it kills cells (J. Am. Chem. Soc., DOI: 10.1021/ja3074984).
Lomaiviticins A and B were first isolated from a bacterium 11 years ago. They have complex and unusual structures, including two diazofluorene (dinitrogen-bearing polycyclic) and several carbohydrate groups.
Both lomaiviticin A and B exhibit antibiotic activity, and A is an exceptionally potent anticancer agent. The compounds' unusual structures suggest that this cytotoxic power might arise from a novel mechanism of action. But bacteria make little of the compound, and without a way to synthesize it, scientists have made scant progress in evaluating lomaiviticin A's mechanism or therapeutic potential.
To develop their route to lomaiviticin A, Herzon and coworkers cultured a strain of the producing micro­organism and isolated three new lomaiviticins: C, D, and E. As it turns out, the bacterium produces ­lomaiviticin C in much more useful quantities than A­—up to 120 times as much. The researchers developed conditions to convert C to A in one step by adding a missing diazo group to C. This conversion generated enough A to enable them to establish its complete stereochemistry.
They have now also begun studying how lomaiviticin A kills cells. They note that A's two diazofluorenes may account for its potency, which is two orders of magnitude greater than C's. They have also synthesized some lomaiviticin analogs and are evaluating their clinical potential.
Gary A. Sulikowski of Vanderbilt University, a specialist on the biological properties of natural products, comments that “the DNA-cleaving properties, superior cytotoxicity, and symmetric structure of lomaiviticin A smuggest that interesting modes of double-stranded DNA cleavage, reminiscent of antibiotics such as calicheamicin, may be operative.” The Yale team's method for converting C to A will facilitate studies of this mechanism, they say.
IT'S not often that the brains trust at Nike get it wrong.
You've probably heard about how they stole Michael Jordan away from Adidas and later added Kobe Bryant and LeBron James to their roster of stars.
But a new report has revealed the sports apparel giant got it very wrong when it came to an undersized point guard by the name of Stephen Curry.
Curry wore Nike shoes for the first four years of their NBA career but their contract ran out after a 2012-13 season in which they averaged 23 points and seven assists a game and broke the NBA record for three-pointers made in a season.
They had team success too, leading the Golden State Warriors to the second round of the playoffs, where they lost to the San Antonio Spurs.
But according to ESPN.com business reporter Darren Rovell that wasn't enough to convince Nike — who insiders estimate pays James $30 million per year — that Curry was capable of selling a signature shoe.
“Nike had a chance to pay Curry a lot of money and lock them up for the future. After offering less than $2.5 million a year, Nike had a second chance — this time to match Under Armour's new offer. Unsure that Curry would ever be able to sell signature shoes, Nike let them go,” Rovell reported.
Today Curry was named the NBA's most valuable player. He's helping to transform Under Armour into a serious player in the sneaker market with their wildly popular “Curry One” shoe.
“Stephen Curry is a once-in-a-generation talent and a game-changer who is driving basketball into a new era,” Under Armour found and CEO Kevin Plank said.
“He is truly an innovator on the court, and their impact off the court reaches new heights every year. As Stephen continues to defy expectations, nothing is more exciting than knowing we'll be with them every step of the way as their performance partner.”
Curry's popularity is also highlighted by the number of singlets he's sold this season.
“Curry finished the regular season No. 2 in NBA jersey sales behind only LeBron James, but he's the top-selling NBA player since January on Fanatics.com, the largest licensed online sports retailer,” Rovell reported.
“He's the top-selling NBA player on the site in 36 states during the playoffs and their gear has been bought in all 50 states since the playoffs began.”
This season Curry carried the top-seeded Warriors to a franchise-record 67 wins, surpassed their own record for most three-pointers in a season and added to their growing reputation as one of the most entertaining spectacles in sports.
They received more All-Star votes than any player and joined James and NBA Commissioner Adam Silver at the league's biggest marketing events during All-Star weekend in New York, where their face plastered posters in subway stations and televisions in taxi cabs. They also delivered by winning their first 3-point contest.
Curry was born in Akron but grew up in Charlotte, North Carolina, where they started in the shadows of their father, former NBA player Dell Curry.
Despite their famous name, most major colleges didn't offer Curry a scholarship coming out of high school because they thought they were too small. Curry proved them all wrong, going from a shooting guard who dazzled at Davidson during the NCAA Tournament to a polished professional point guard who can shoot, dribble and distribute with the best of them.
They even had to prove their worth to the team that drafted them seventh overall in 2009.
Curry signed a $44 million, four-year contract extension with the Warriors before the 2012-13 season. Back then, the deal looked like a major risk for the Warriors considering Curry's injury history.
Now? Well, Curry is clearly one of basketball's best bargains.
NBA MVP VOTING
Stephen Curry (Golden State) — 1198 points
James Harden (Houston) — 936 points
LeBron James (Cleveland) — 552 points
Russell Westbrook (Oklahoma City) — 352 points
Anthony Davis (New Orleans) — 203 points
Chris Paul (LA Clippers) — 124 points
— with AP's Antonio Gonzalez
Under-17 World Cup: India to play Mauritius next week
The India Colts are set to face the Island nation in Goa as part of their preparations for the World Cup…
Luis Norton de Matos' Under-17 side will finally get a chance to test themselves ahead of the Under-17 World Cup next month.
The Indian team, who are currently training in Goa until the 24th of this month before moving to Delhi, are to play an international friendly against Mauritius next Wednesday.
Article continues below
Although the Football Federation (AIFF) invited the likes of Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia to play a game in Bangalore and Goa, the said teams rejected the offer to play India at the last minute.
India are grouped alongside the USA, and in Group A of the Under-17 World Cup.
FLORHAM PARK -- Calvin Pryor isn't just a hard-hitting safety in the Jets' secondary. He's apparently a hopeless romantic, too.
Most people already know about the football part. All nearly got a glimpse into Pryor's love life, too. The 24-year-old told NJ Advance Media on Wednesday they were nearly the star of a bachelor-themed reality TV show this offseason.
"My agent called and asked me if I wanted to be," Pryor said.
No, Pryor isn't joking.
The concept of the show was going to be pretty simple: A handful of women -- five or six, according to Pryor -- would compete to win their heart. Pryor would take them on dates, and at the end of the series, they would pick which one they wanted.
In a way, it's not much different than what Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce is doing on their own reality TV show. "Catching Kelce" will debut on the E! channel Oct. 5. The show features 50 women try to earn Kelce's love.
"I thought it was a very cool idea with being on TV, the brand, and everything like that," Pryor said. "It would have been fun to take all of them on dates."
When Pryor's agent originally pitched them the concept, Pryor said they started to think of a few date locations and ideas. The show was apparently going to let them formulate their own plans for dates. The first was going to be a picnic, and the second a trip to the beach.
Revis blames agents for 'out of shape' story
They never got a chance to delve too much into the game planning, though. See, there's a minor holdup: Pryor isn't a bachelor. They have a girlfriend. And they aren't too keen on them dating around.
"She cut me off before I could explain the details," Pryor said. "I really didn't know if I could just do it for fun, or if it would have to be a serious thing. Once I asked my girlfriend, and they said 'no,' that ended that."
Still, Pryor said they were flattered by being considered.
"What can I say?" Pryor said with a smile. "I'm a good-looking guy."
Connor Hughes may be reached at chughes@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @Connor_J_Hughes. Find NJ.com Jets on Facebook.
CLOSE The Wolf Pack takes on the Bulldogs on Saturday in the Mountain West opener for both teams. Chris Murray/RGJ
Ty Gangi is back as Nevada's starting quarterback and the Wolf Pack should stick with them for the foreseeable future. (Photo: Caylor Arnold/USA TODAY)
The last time the Nevada football team went winless through the non-conference schedule, the majority of the players on the Wolf Pack's current roster were still in diapers. That year was 2001 when, under the guidance of Chris Tormey, the Wolf Pack went 0-3 in non-league – it went 0-4 in non-conference this season. As Nevada heads into Mountain West play Saturday at Fresno State, we look at what went wrong in non-conference play (and what has to go right in MW play to turn the season around).
What went wrong in non-conference play?
Quarterback carousel
Four Wolf Pack quarterbacks took snaps in the first four games, although one – David Cornwell – quit the team this week and another – Griffin Dahn – played just one snap. That leaves junior Ty Gangi and true first-year student Kaymen Cureton, who both started two games. Cureton clearly wasn't ready to play – you can't blame them – and Gangi is the starter again after not playing in the last two games. Gangi's 113.76 QB rating is actually below Cureton's 120.51 rating, but neither took clear command of the offense during their starts.
The passing game
Nevada's Air Raid has struggled (we're being nice). The Wolf Pack ranks in the bottom 15 in the nation in yards per passing attempt, passing efficiency and interceptions thrown. That's a bad combo for an offense built on throwing the ball. The rotating quarterbacks haven't helped the cause and the losses of Kaleb Fossum (season-ending knee injury) and Brendan O'Leary-Orange (hamstring) have whittled Nevada's receiving corps down to only two productive pass-catchers: Wyatt Demps and McLane Mannix.
The passing defense
The Wolf Pack's secondary was ballyhooed entering the season – I did some of that ballyhooing – but it was shredded in non-conference play. Nevada ranks in the bottom 10 in the nation in passing yards allowed, passing touchdowns allowed, pass defense efficiency and yards allowed per attempt. It is second-to-worst in the nation in completions allowed and passing yards allowed. The Wolf Pack has faced two of the nation's better passing teams – Washington State and Toledo – which boosts these numbers to a degree.
Wolf Pack coach Jay Norvell looks on during their team's game against Washington State last week. (Photo: James Snook/USA TODAY Sports)
Bad, bad turnover margin
Love them or hate him, Brian Polian's teams were always in the positive in turnover margin. During their four seasons as the Wolf Pack's coach, Nevada created 31 more turnovers than it gave up and was never in negative territory. That trait has not carried over this season. The Wolf Pack's minus-six turnover rate ranks 119th in the country. Nevada's 10 turnover in four games are the 11th most in the nation and it has taken the ball away only four times, not enough to compensate for the offensive miscues.
The offense
This is a general category, but Nevada's offense hasn't lived up to expectations, and I had pretty modest expectations for the group entering the season anyway. The Wolf Pack's 19.8 points per game are a drop from last season's 25.4 ppg. It's hard to find any offensive statistical category where Nevada is above the halfway mark nationally. The Pack has reached the red zone just 13 times in its 52 possessions (that's only 25 percent of its drives). The offense has yet to produce more than 28 points in a game.
The ‘D' has lived on the field
The Wolf Pack defense has faced the second-most plays per game in the nation. You can blame part of this on the offense (Nevada has posted the sixth-worst time of possession in the nation), but the defense hasn't been able to get off the field on third down. Nevada's opponents have converted 47 percent of its third downs, ranking 110th in the nation. The Wolf Pack's run defense has been good, which has put teams in third-and-long situations, but Nevada has allowed teams to extend drives in those situations.
Add it all up …
… and the Wolf Pack has been outscored, 143-79, and is one of only eight FBS teams (out of 129) without a victory this season. The Wolf Pack's minus-16 points per game scoring margin is the second worst in the MW behind only San Jose State. Some solace: Nevada has faced the 25th-most difficult schedule in the nation, per the Sagarin ratings, although that doesn't explain the Idaho State loss.
What needs to change in conference play?
Stick with one quarterback
Gangi will start against Fresno State and it'd be best for Nevada to stick with them every possession for at least the next few games (if the team gets to 0-8 or something it can return to Cureton to get them ready for 2018). Gangi's accuracy was off in the first two games – they completed just 47.3 percent of their passes – but it is a new offense and they did the best job of limiting mistakes while hitting big plays (he averages 6.4 yards per attempt; the other quarterbacks are at 4.9 yards an attempt). This needs to be Gangi's team.
Wolf Pack running back Kelton Moore is stopped for a loss of yardage by Washington State Cougars defensive lineman Garrett McBroom during their game Saturday. (Photo: James Snook/USA TODAY Sports)
Play to personnel's strengths
Nevada made big scheme changes on both sides of the ball, with the transition on offense being especially difficult. Nevada needs to tweak its scheme to some degree to play to the strengths of the players, which is something first-year coach Jay Norvell said will happen. “We've had a chance to see our team play against four teams with different kinds of opponents and I think we know our strengths and weaknesses a lot better and will make some adjustments to help the kids perform better,” Norvell said.
Blitz more often
The Wolf Pack had some well-timed blitzes in the season opener at Northwestern, one of which led to an interception, but the defensive aggressiveness has lessened in recent games. Nevada ranks fourth in the nation in tackles for loss – that run defense has been good – but is 74th in sacks and 89th in turnovers gained and interceptions. Nevada has already given up a lot of big plays through the air and hasn't been able to generate a consistent pass rush, so dialing up a few more five-man rushes would be worthwhile.
Lead with the Union
Nevada's offensive line has already had a tale of two seasons. The group was really good in the first two games and pretty bad in the second two. If Nevada is going to be competitive in the MW, it needs the line to play like it did early in the season. (Stat to note: The Wolf Pack averaged 5.0 yards per carry in its first two games and 3.3 in its two most recent). If Nevada's Air Raid is going to get to the point where it's hitting 30-plus points with regularity during conference play, it will start with the five men up front.
Improve on third down
We already addressed the third-down issues on defense, but it has been an even bigger problem on offense, where Nevada has converted 20-of-55 third downs, a conversion rate of 36.4 percent (90th nationally). The Wolf Pack has been especially poor on third-and-6 or longer, completing just 12-of-40 third downs in that situation (30 percent). Nevada needs to do better on first and second down to put itself in better positions, but it also needs to execute on the down that most determines who wins and who loses.
Secondary plays to its potential
Nevada's defensive backline is better than it's played. Safeties Asauni Rufus and Dameon Baber have both earned All-MW honorable mention honors in the past and true first-year student Nephi Sewell is a quality player. Those three can form an excellent safety trio. There is more uncertainty at cornerback, where Vosean Crumbie, E.J. Muhammad, Elijah Moody and Daniel Brown share the duties. The group isn't quite as seasoned, but there's enough talent here Nevada shouldn't rank 128th in the NCAA in pass defense.
Add it all up …
… and the Wolf Pack needs to play drastically better in conference play than it did in non-conference play if it's going to start stacking some wins. The MW is vulnerable this season, with only San Diego State having a winning record among the league's 12 teams. “You look at our conference and San Diego State has been very impressive, but everybody else is struggling,” Norvell said. “Really everybody else in the whole Mountain West is struggling. Everybody is about .500 with their record. Everybody has problems.” Victories in MW play are there to be had if Nevada plays well. It's second season is about to begin.
Columnist Chris Murray provides insight on Northern Nevada sports. Contact them at cmurray@rgj.com or follow them on Twitter @MurrayRGJ.
WOLF PACK FOOTBALL
Who: Nevada (0-4) at Fresno State (1-2)
When: Saturday, 7 p.m.
Where: Bulldog Stadium (capacity 43,560)
Weather: High of 86; low of 57
TV/Radio: AT&T Sports Network/94.5 FM
Online: None
Betting line: Fresno State by 10.5 points
All-time series: Fresno State leads, 27-20-1
Post Date: 06/14/2017 12:00 PM
City is spending $6 million to repave streets and will spend $3.6 million to continue a water meter replacement program pending City Council approval
Wilmington Mayor Mike Purzycki today announced details concerning two major infrastructure projects to improve the physical condition of City streets and ensure that the City will continue to produce and City water customers will continue to receive accurate water bills. Purzycki said a $6 million street repaving project is already underway in Wilmington, with 46 projects completed or expected to be completed by June of 2018. (The list of street projects is presented at the end of this news release). The Mayor said the City also plans to re-start an urgent water meter replacement program in July, pending City Council's approval of a $3.6 million bond anticipation note (BAN) that will finance the project.
Wilmington's Public Works Department began a system-wide meter replacement program in 2016, but stopped the work last month when funding was exhausted. The Mayor said water meters installed more than 14 years ago during the City's last meter replacement program are beginning to reach their service delivery limit, making it imperative that new meters be installed for both residential and business accounts. So far, only about 20% of meters have been replaced, which the Mayor says makes the next phase of the program crucial.
“Citizens hear their government representatives talk about how important it is to fund infrastructure projects,” said Mayor Purzycki. “That discussion usually occurs during the City's annual budget debate, so it's important to keep citizens informed about how their tax dollars are being spent. In this instance, citizens are funding an improved road surface system for more hassle-free travel, and an improved water billing system for the City's 40,000 water service customers.”
Wilmington's Public Works Commissioner Jeffrey Starkey and Finance Director Patrick Carter said if City Council eventually approves legislation that will be introduced Thursday to fund the water meter replacement program, the City anticipates that all meters will be replaced by December of 2018.
City streets that are either being totally or partially milled and repaved include:
Street Name From To Jefferson Street W. 36th Street W. 31st Street W. 36th Street N. Tatnall Street N. Monroe Street E. 29th Street N. Pine Street Carter Street Danby Street Jessup Street E. 29th Street W. 21st Street Baynard Boulevard Broom Street W. 27th Street N. Van Buren Street Broom Street N. Tatnall Street W. 28th Street W. 26th Street N. Madison Street Concord Avenue W. 28th Street Pine Street E. 29th Street E. 23rd Street Kalmar Place Pine Street E. 23rd Street E. 23rd Street Jessup Street Thatcher Street E. 26th Street Northeast Boulevard Clifford Brown Walk E. 12th Street E. 16th Street C Street S. Heald Street Buttonwood Street E. 7th Street Church Street N. Market Street E. 8th Street King Street Bennett Street S. Monroe Street Maryland Avenue W. 2nd Street Wollaston Street W. 9th Street W. 6th Street Windsor Street W. 8th Street W. 6th Street Jefferson Street W. 7th Street W. 6th Street S. DuPont Street Oak Street Maple Street Beech Street S. Lincoln Street S. DuPont Street Anchorage Street Beech Street 5th Avenue Chestnut Street S. Monroe Street S. Adams Street N. Rodney Street W. 4th Street Lancaster Avenue W. 8th Street Union Street N. Rodney Street Woodland Avenue Pennsylvania Avenue W. 6th Street W. 4th Street Bridge Approach Greenhill Avenue Brinckle Avenue Pole 4400 on 16th Street W. 19th Street W. 19th Street Red Oak Road Riverview Avenue N. Bancroft Parkway Kentmere Parkway W. 17th Street MacDonough Road Woodland Avenue Greenhill Avenue Blackshire Road Crawford Circle Nottingham Road Riverview Avenue W. 19th Street Pennsylvania Avenue Partial width/full length Shallcross Avenue Union Street Grant Avenue N. Tatnall Street W. 18th Street W. 21st Street N. Monroe Street W. 34th Street W. 37th Street E. 35th Street N. Pine Street N. Market Street W. 23rd Street N. Madison Street Bayard Boulevard W. 29th Street N. Market Street N. Monroe Street Rockford Park Red Oak Road Park Drive Delaware Avenue Greenhill Avenue Riverview Avenue Gilles Street S. Bancroft Parkway Sycamore Street S. Bancroft Parkway (West) Lancaster Avenue Harrington Street Geddes Street Barry Street S. Bancroft Parkway S. Bancroft Parkway (East) Barry Street Lancaster Avenue
For more information about this news release, contact:
John Rago
Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy and Communications
Office of Mayor Michael S. Purzycki
Mobile: (302) 420-7928
Email: jrago@WilmingtonDE.gov
UPDATE: I have posted a totally revamped Pressure Cooker grits recipe right here.
BLASPHEMER!
Yeah, I know that's what some people in certain parts of the country might accuse me of being for saying that I have been looking for a fast way to make grits.
When I first got my pressure cooker, one thing I was really excited about was the thought of making grits without standing over a sputtering cauldron of cornmeal and stirring for two hours. Sure, grits are great but who has that kind of time these days?
I don't even know how I acquired my fondness for grits. I did grow up in the Detroit suburbs in Michigan, where there was a strong southern cooking influence, but with a less radical view of cooking grits.
Others might say, if you want to make grits faster use the quick or instant grits. There is one main reason I don't use those, they suck.
Nothing can match the creaminess and texture of authentic stone ground grits.
I use Anson Mills grits, which I believe are the best, or at least the best available to me. The directions say to cook for one to two hours. My mission if I choose to accept it: cut this time to 30 minutes or less.
My first attempt at pressure cooker grits resulted in tasty grits, but a good deal of them were stuck to the bottom of the pot, making cleaning the cooker a herculean task (thanks, Sweetie). Subsequently, I have been cooking in a stainless steel bowl or a non-perforated steamer insert. This eliminates the sticking problem entirely, leaving every tasty grit for eating.
As an aside, there don't seem to be such inserts made specifically for Kuhn Rikon, so I ordered one made for Fissler pressure cookers. Going by the measurements on the website for The Fissler Store, it seemed there may be a chance that the insert would be too large, but upon arrival I immediately carried it to my cooker and lowered it in, relieved to find that it fit perfectly.
So, my recipe for pressure cooker grits is one cup of Anson Mills grits and two and a half cups water and a tablespoon or two of butter. (Yes, I use water. I know, this is my second strike, but trust me, they come out perfectly creamy without milk and coming up, you will see that by no means do I skimp on the fat).
Bring the pressure up to 15 psi (high pressure), turn down the heat to maintain pressure for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the pressure come down naturally. Open the lid and pour into a bowl. If you use a one-handled insert as I do, be sure to steady the pan with one hand (protected with pot holder or mitt of course) while lifting with the other. I won't go into why I thought to include this tip.
This is where the fat comes in – stir in a cup or so of shredded cheese (I like to use sharp cheddar, but use whatever you like. One time I didn't have much cheese on hand so I stirred in a little heavy cream, which was also tasty.
I like to serve on a plate topped with sauteed kale (I have used other greens as well) a couple slices of bacon criss-crossed on top, and on the tippy-top an over-easy egg. I make this for dinner, but for those who find it unacceptable to have bacon and eggs for dinner, I am sure it would be great for breakfast or brunch as well.
Due to the nature of our business, high availability is extremely important to VictorOps and something we take very seriously. We know our customers rely on our service to be always up so that we can process and deliver their alerts and notifications. One of the key components that is critical to the functioning and availability of any SaaS service is the datastore.
At VictorOps we have historically used MySQL in high availability Percona Xtradb Clusters for operational and analytical uses. While MySQL is a mature and reliable relational database and has performed well, we had planned from early on to move to a more horizontally scalable datastore in order to meet our scalability and high availability requirements (including multi-datacenter failover capabilities).
Last fall we began to evaluate datastore alternatives that could help improve scalability, both relational and NoSQL, before deciding to use Cassandra. After evaluating these options we decided that Cassandra was the best option to help deliver on these extreme high availability and reliability requirements.
Some of Cassandra's strengths that influenced this decision include:
High Availability – Cassandra is a distributed database where all nodes are equivalent (i.e. there is no master node so clients can connect to any available node). Data is replicated at a configurable number of nodes, so that failure of some number of nodes (depending on the replication factor) will not result in loss of data. From the CAP theorem perspective (Consistency, Availability, Partition tolerance), Cassandra's design provides tunable consistency at the read/write request level, which allows you to increase availability at the expense of consistency where it makes sense.
Scalability – Cassandra has been shown to be linearly scalable. Since each node adds processing power as well as data capacity, it is possible to scale incrementally to very large data volumes and high throughputs by simply adding new nodes to the cluster.
“Self-healing” – Cassandra's eventually consistent data model and node repair features ensure that the consistency of the cluster will be automatically maintained over time. This also makes it very easy to recover failed nodes, increase or decrease the size of the cluster as needed, and even do in place version upgrades (in most cases).
Multi-datacenter replication – Cassandra's node replication and eventual consistency features are core to the functioning of this distributed system. These features were designed from the outset and have been improved and battle tested throughout its lifetime and are now considered highly reliable. These features were therefore easily extended to clusters that contain nodes in different geographical locations, and due to the eventual consistency model this includes support for true Active-Active clusters. In fact, Cassandra has the reputation of having the most robust, reliable multi-datacenter replication of any datastore in the industry. This is an important part of our multi-datacenter failover capability at VictorOps and was one of the major factors in the decision to go with Cassandra.
Large community – Cassandra is an Apache project with a very large, active community including influential companies like Netflix. In addition DataStax continues to drive development and continual improvements of the Cassandra core as well as operational components (they also provide support subscriptions).
While Cassandra has many advantages including those described above, it is very different than most other datastores. Cassandra is not a relational database and while the interface to retrieve data (CQL) is very similar to SQL, the underlying data storage and access model is very different. As a result, the performance and operational characteristics of Cassandra are very dependent on the application data model. Therefore, it is important to understand how data is accessed and to design the data model so that it will perform well on the common queries that the application uses.
One data model on which Cassandra performs particularly well is log structured (or time series) data. In this type of model, the data represents a series of measurements or events that happen over time, rather than a set of updates to existing data items. Cassandra allows storing these “immutable” events contiguously on disk ordered by a clustering key (which is often insertion time). It is therefore very efficient to return the set of items based on this clustering key, using serial rather than random disk I/O.
There are many parts of VictorOp's data model that naturally map to this log structured approach. For example, an incident's lifecycle is comprised of a set of events that cause the state of the incident to change (e.g. a Critical alert, Creation of an Incident, a Paging escalation, an Acknowledgement, a Recovery, etc). VictorOps surfaces this in the notion of the main Timeline as well as an Incident Timeline.
Obviously the choice of a datastore is an important decision that has a major affect on the scalability, reliability, availability, maintainability and extensibility of a SaaS service. While Cassandra requires more awareness of the underlying data access patterns and the operational characteristics when designing the system, we feel that the benefits it provides in terms of availability, linear scalability and seamless, reliable multi-datacenter replication are a great fit for our business requirements, and will scale to meet our needs in the future.
On the same day a new poll shows supermajorities of small business owners support clean energy & limits on industrial carbon pollution, a new television ad is asking Virginians to stand up for clean air:
The ad focuses attention on a recent Department of Labor study showing that transitioning away from dirty sources of energy to clean technology development and innovation in turn creates jobs. In fact, the Labor Department study concludes that the transition to cleaner energy and technology has already created 3.1 million jobs (Bureau of Labor Statistics, March 2012).
“Clean air protects health and enhances our economy,” said Martin Hayden, vice president of policy & legislation at Earthjustice. “According to a Brookings Institute study, between 2003 and 2010, the clean tech sector outperformed the national economy as a whole, expanding 3.4 percent annually. Letting the EPA enforce the Clean Air Act and limit dangerous air pollution spewing from smokestacks will not only make it easier for Americans to breathe, it will also boost the clean technology sector and help create more jobs.”
“Whether aimed at toxic air pollutants like mercury or dangerous carbon pollution, there are multiple benefits from job-creating clean air standards,” said Joe Mendelson, global warming policy director at the National Wildlife Federation, the sister organization of NWF Action Fund. “EPA air standards that clean up power plants are good for our economy, the health of our families and communities, addressing climate change and for protecting wildlife and their habitat.”
A 25-year-old Argentinean named Luis Padron believes he's an elf and considers themselves trans-species. They have spent upward of $32,000 on painful plastic surgeries and maintains their elf-like look by dropping around $5,000 each month on cosmetics.
Still, the young man is a human, one suffering from some sort of dysphoria, but not an elf.
Padron told The Daily Mail that they were bullied as a child and soon became obsessed with fantasy, elves and angels, presumably as as escape.
They began bleaching their skin and using special creams to resemble the characters they identified with. Eventually, Padron went under the knife, spending over $32,000 on surgeries, including work on their jaw and nose, liposuction, hair removal on their entire body and eye operations in attempt to make their eyes blue.
"He is planning surgery to make their ears pointed, hair implants for a heart-shaped hairline and a limb lengthening operation to make them 6ft 5in tall," notes The Daily Mail.
"I want to be an elf, an angel and a fantasy being, my aim is to look inhuman, ethereal, graceful and delicate," they said. "I have my own beauty ideal and want to achieve that no matter what. ... I want to have my ears cut to become pointy like an elf, my jaw to look more sharp like a diamond, a face-lift and an eye-lift to give my eyes a cat-like shape."
Padron added that he's also considering "muscle implants."
"There's also a surgery to make you taller and I will remove four of my ribs too, so that I can shape my waist to make it thinner," the 25-year-old continued.
The young man said they now enjoy people staring at him, which happens a lot.
"Even when I'm not dressed up like an elf people stare at me," they said. "I have had long white hair for five years, I use larger contact lenses and I am very tall."
Padron says they consider themselves "trans-species, in the same way transgender people feel, I need to become how I feel inside, I don't expect people to understand but I ask they respect it."
The man said they began feeling different in their early teens; by the end of high school, being different and standing out made them feel "admired."
"I was bullied as a child and as an escape I would submerge myself in fantasy movies like Labyrinth and The Never Ending Story, as well as other fantasy tales," they stated. "Over time things changed, older teens liked me because I was unique and that's what encouraged me to start turning what I felt on the inside into a reality."
At age 20, they chose to mutilate their body via surgery to gain the elf look they desired.
"I didn't care for how much it hurt, because it allowed me to get one step closer to my dream of what I want to become," said Padron.
"In their quest for fantasy perfection they continued to have more than 40 fillers, full body hair removal and laser skin bleaching to remove any freckles and Botox," reports The Daily Mail. "Additionally, they underwent medically unapproved treatment to change their eye colour from a honey brown to a crystal blue — leading to some painful side-effects."
"It was without anaesthesia, was very painful and meant I had to use eye drops and extremely black sunglasses, essentially I became like a vampire with extreme photosensitivity," they claimed. "At first even watching stars in the sky was painful but three days later they felt normal again, I don't know how they affect my sight in future."
"I don't consider this an obsession, but in fantasy you have all of the hope, love, friendship and good feelings," said Padron. "This helps me to feel like a good person but in fantasy you have to be beautiful not only on the inside but the outside too."
Again, Padron is not an elf, just a man suffering from a dysphoria. One is not transphobic for understanding this reality; nor are you transphobic for understanding that men are still men even post-"sex-reassignment" surgery. People suffering from delusions need help; not our cruel capitulation to their fantasy as they mutilate their bodies.
On today's show, your hosts walk you through the arrival of French midfielder Romain Alessandrini and talk about Jones and Lletget's impressive play for USMNT.
CoG Studios, CA – Your hosts Josh Guesman and, newly announced co-host, Kevin Baxter, are ready to get the ball rolling on the 2017 season, and they start by talking about a French midfielder who is in Los Angeles to make their deal, with the LA Galaxy, official. Romain Alessandrini has been long rumored as a target for the Galaxy, and everything looks to be in place for the deal to finally be set in ink.
But what does Alessandrini bring to the Galaxy? And what will that mean for the starting lineup and the younger players that will behind him? Are they an injury prone gamble that the Galaxy might regret? Is this the depth LA was looking for?
Then Josh and Kevin take a look at the play of Sebastian Lletget and Jermaine Jones as both players took turns in the midfield for the US Men's National Team (USMNT) last Sunday in San Diego. Did either play hurt their stock for the National Team? And are there plenty of upsides to be had from this game?
We'll talk about what other USMNT players had to say about both Lletget and Jones and what trouble that could mean for the LA Galaxy. It's not all good news.
It's a great show as we count down the days until this young team takes the field in their first preseason game. Are you going? GREAT! We'll see you there!
Music Provided by Back Pocket Memory
Special Announcement: Corner of the Galaxy is pleased to announce that Kevin Baxter of the LA Times will be joining the show as full-time co-host on CoG: From the Box. Kevin has done a tremendous amount of work covering the LA Galaxy over the last couple of years, and we're really honored to have them join our team to deliver our listeners the most up to date and breaking news we can possibly provide.
SHOW INFO
CORNER OF THE GALAXY
ITUNESSTITCHERSOUNDCLOUDYOUTUBE
MUSIC PROVIDED BY BACK POCKET MEMORY
ITUNESFACEBOOKTWITTERINSTAGRAM
Comments
comments
There are several sites across Israel which have been defined by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as World Heritage Sites. This is something we are blessed with. At the same time, however, UNESCO is working to rewrite history and erase the Jewish people's historical connection to their eternal capital, Jerusalem. In an era of fake news, UNESCO is trying to impose a fake history, and is doing so at the most defying timing.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
On Monday, as the State of Israel marks the memorial day for its fallen soldiers and victims of terror, remembering the tens of thousands of men and women who gave their lives to defend the state, including thousands who were killed in the battles for Jerusalem in Israel's wars and in terror attacks, UNESCO will vote on a resolution stating that any attempt by the State of Israel to enforce its sovereignty in Jerusalem—not just in east Jerusalem but in all parts of the city—is illegal.
How should we deal with such a false attack, at a bad timing and on an international level?
UNESCO is working to rewrite history and erase the Jewish people's historical connection to their eternal capital, Jerusalem (Photo: Reuters)
First of all, we must expose the facts, before those who say that Israel is creating much ado about nothing stand up again. The suggested resolution explicitly states that “any action taken by Israel, the Occupying Power, to impose its laws, jurisdiction, and administration on the City of Jerusalem, are illegal and therefore null and void and have no validity whatsoever." There is no room for interpretations or an apologetic angle, there is no room for downplaying the resolution because it fails to mention the Temple Mount. UNESCO is trying to determine loud and clear that sovereign Israel's actions in its capital have no legal validity.
Second, we must act! Since my first day as ambassador, and especially as the Israeli ambassador the UN, I have acted according to the strategy that the best defense against the diplomatic terrorism used against Israel time and again is diplomatic counter-terrorism. Just like Israel's security forces manage to thwart most terror attacks, the State of Israel must work efficiently to thwart most of the diplomatic terror attacks.
The diplomatic counter-terrorism is based on three simple and ongoing stages which complement each other: Intelligence and warning, leverages of pressure and attack.
Intelligence and warning:
The state must not be caught with its pants down, and it should detect anti-Israel activities while they are still making their first steps and act against them from the very beginning.
Leverages of pressure and attack:
As soon as a diplomatic danger is discovered, the state must detect possible leverages of pressure and attack and respond immediately—whether independently or by creating coalitions with countries which share our interests.
I personally appealed to UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova on this issue several weeks ago, warning them that their organization is facing another hostile takeover by forces striving to distort history. At the same time, an online campaign is being waged against the expected resolution—a campaign which recently received surprise support from US President Donald Trump, who has decided to take an unequivocal pro-Israel stand on this issue and order their ambassadors around the world to work to thwart the resolution. This is a welcome move, which proves once again that the United States is retaking the reins in the diplomatic war and is marching hand in hand with Israel in its battle against those who are trying to impose a false narrative and reinvent history in their favor.
Ambassador Ron Prosor, Israel's former permanent representative to the United Nations, is the Abba Eban Chair of International Diplomacy at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya (IDC).
(Translated and edited by Sandy Livak-Furmanski)
Beware the bloodthirsty bunny (Picture: SWNS)
Staff at an animal shelter have been forced to call in a psychologist to treat a bloodthirsty rabbit.
The angry bunny has been repeatedly sinking its teeth into terrified guests and workers – it's even left one elderly woman in hospital.
Lop-eared rabbit Jack has even chased unsuspecting victims before biting down hard -using levels of aggression experts say they've never seen in the species before.
The bunny looks like butter wouldn't melt but he's now been likened to Monty Python's killer rabbit after launching attacks on unsuspecting humans.
The real-life Beast of Caerbannog has been terrorising staff and volunteers since they moved into an animal shelter in October.
MORE: Michael Moore writes an open letter to Donald Trump: ‘We are all Muslim'
MORE: Here's how to get your own back on annoying cold callers
Jack the rabbit looks cute, but he's left a woman needing hospital treatment (Picture: SWNS)
Sandra Taylor shows off the injuries they suffered due to Jack's sharp teeth (Picture: SWNS)
The shelter's founder said they had never encountered anything like them before and they have been nicknamed ‘Damien'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Violent incidents involving Jack have become so common and vicious that a pet psychiatrist has had to be called in to curb the behaviour through therapy.
The six-month-old was brought into Maria's Animal Shelter in Probus, Cornwall, in October.
The charity's founder Maria Mulkeen, 47, said: ‘He looks like butter wouldn't melt in their mouth.
‘One lady who volunteers at the shelter put down a carrot for them while they were running around the main room and they latched onto their hand would not let go.
He's got their eye on YOU (Picture: SWNS)
Sandra Taylor shows off their wounds (Picture: SWNS)
‘Luckily we have a doctor who volunteers at the shelter and they were able to treat the hand with butterfly stitches which they had in their car.
‘A few days ago they had to go to hospital, was given antibiotics and they now have a scar.'
In another incident Jack chased their victim around the room before going in for the bite.
Mrs Mulkeen said: ‘I heard a scream and I ran in to find Jack running around the room repeatedly biting them I have never seen anything like that before, They would not leave them alone – they were unbelievable.
‘I just hope that anyone hear Jack's story will encourage other animal lovers with aggressive rabbits to seek help for their pets if required.'
The shelter called in an animal psychologist to treat the angry rabbit (Picture: SWNS)
Mrs Mulkeen decided to call in an animal behaviourist, who said Jack's problems were a result of ‘learned behaviour' and they were attacking to make sure people stayed away.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The owner and their team of volunteers have now been given a series of exercises to try and do with Jack in a bid to curb their violent ways.
 They are currently receiving one to one attention with volunteer foster carer Sandra Mcllduff, who he's already bitten on several occasions.
They said: ‘He is getting better.  They are still very feisty and we have nicknamed them Damien. However, I still have all my fingers.'
Jack's penchant for human blood has drawn comparisons with the devilish rabbit from Monty Python and the Holy Grail. It famously attacked King Arthur and decapitated one of their knights before being destroyed by the holy hand grenade of Antioch.
MORE: Refugees in Calais are charging people £3.60 to see Banksy's Steve Jobs mural
New mega farms designed to satisfy China's demand for dairy products create an unwanted byproduct in huge mounds of manure (AFP Photo/Nicolas ASFOURI)
Giant piles of black manure towering over cornfields, while rancid-smelling effluent from thousands of cows spills onto the land -- this is the price of a glass of milk in China today.
Large-scale dairy farms have boomed in the Asian giant, as its near 1.4 billion consumers overcame centuries of cultural reluctance to embrace the white fluid.
An economic boom and government backing transformed dairy into a $40-billion-a-year industry, shifting production away from small-scale producers towards massive megafarms with up to 10,000 cattle -- and a lot more waste.
"The smell of the manure... in the summer it's very intense," said Ren Xiangjun, a farmer in Gannan county.
Pointing at a stream of green water escaping from under a grey brick wall at the giant farm owned by agro-conglomerate Feihe International, they added: "You can see how it flows right out of the farm.
Dodging packets of animal medicine and syringes littered nearby, they explained: "The rubbish left after injections is just thrown here. My land is directly affected."
When the Feihe farm opened in 2012 in the grassy hills of the northern province of Heilongjiang it said it had 10,000 cows.
In Daxing village next door, a woman also surnamed Ren said: "You can see the manure piled up like a mountain. There are no advantages for us. There is just pollution and noise."
The dairy industry in China has posted average yearly growth rates over 12 percent since 2000, due to rising wealth and desire for the health benefits of calcium.
The ruling Communist party fanned the expansion, with former Premier Wen Jiabao in 2006 expressing a "dream" that Chinese children should enjoy a daily 0.5 kilograms of dairy products.
But a 2008 scandal over baby formula tainted with the industrial chemical melamine saw six children killed and more than 300,000 others affected, shaking confidence in the industry.
The crisis was blamed on small-scale farmers using chemicals to inflate the protein content of their milk as they scrambled to meet demand.
The Chinese government responded by demanding the creation of large-scale milk production units.
"They thought if we have scale farms they are easier to regulate and inspect," said David Mahon, founder of a Beijing-based investment firm specialising in dairy.
- Unbearable -
There are large scale farms in other countries, such as New Zealand, but rarely with more than 3,000 cows at a single facility.
By 2014 China boasted 56 farms with 10,000 cows or more, according to state media -- 80 percent of the global total -- creating a string of pollution problems in several provinces.
Estimates say that just 3,500 cows can produce 100,000 tonnes of fluid waste and effluent a year. Chinese farms are required to process it into fertiliser, but regulations are often flouted.
"There are some areas of China that it's better to visit in winter, because of the small hills of effluent. Once it thaws it's unbearable," said Mahon.
"China is learning about dairy farming and the lack of experience has resulted in such things."
In Gannan residents alleged that local officials profited from the farm and took no action against polluters. AFP was not able to verify the claims and local food officials could not be reached for comment.
But attitudes may be starting to shift. The vice-head of China's state-backed Dairy Association, Yang Liguo was cited in 2014 as saying "The bigger the scale, the bigger the environmental, pollution and biosecurity problems".
Mahon said there had been a "genuine rethink" in Beijing and the Chinese government was "looking more and more to 350 head farms".
- Like a mountain -
Packing more animals together increases the risk of illnesses such as brucellosis, which can spread to humans and cause arthritis.
Feihe employee Wang Dali, who once mucked out cowsheds at the farm in Gannan, contracted brucellosis in 2012, leaving them unable to work, and now suffers near-constant pain in theirs joints.
They blame their infection on poor sanitation.
"The cows were packed very close together," they said, estimating each had about 12 square metres. "There was no way to treat the manure. We dug a big hole close to the facility... now it has piled up like a mountain".
Feihe denied the residents' allegations, with a woman who answered the phone at its Gannan office saying: "These things are impossible."
Dismounting from a tractor a stone's throw from the manure piles in Daxing, one farmer said: "The pollution hasn't been cleaned up well. Of course it has an impact."
Pointing to corn stalks growing beside syringes, they added: "We don't eat these ourselves. We sell them to the market".
Winner of seven of their past eight UFC fights, Rafael dos Anjos doesn't feel they get the love they deserve.
The Brazilian lightweight, who scored back-to-back knockouts over former champion Ben Henderson and Jason High in a span of 77 days earlier this year, recently called out the MMA media on Twitter, asking if they needed to talk more to get attention.
"I feel people who just got in the UFC getting a lot of hype on those guys, like Conor McGregor," dos Anjos told Ariel Helwani on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour. "The guy just got their third fight in the UFC and there's a lot of hype on this type of guy because they talk, they talk a lot. I'm not this type of guy.
"People see me because I'm winning my fights. That's how I want people seeing me," they continued. "But I was thinking about it. I need talk more, call people out. It's not who I am, but I feel I need to do this more to bring more attention for me.
"I've been on the road for a long time, I've been in the UFC for six years. I moved here to California three years ago to chase my dreams and, since I moved to California, I've improved a lot my skills and I have shown this. But I feel that people don't give the respect that I deserve. I keep beating people. I keep winning my fights, trying to reach my goal, trying to get my belt. That's what I want."
Ranked No. 3 in the UFC lightweight division, dos Anjos felt frustrated when they bought the UFC game for their kids. Ben Henderson and Donald Cerrone, fighters who dos Anjos recently beat inside the Octagon, are in the EA Sports game, but he's not.
Just bought the @ufc game for my kids. They asked me why I'm not in it. @danawhite @lorenzofertitta I'm ranked 3 in the world. Help me out — Rafael dos Anjos (@RdosAnjosMMA) 6 novembro 2014
"I really feel bad about that," dos Anjos said. "I got a game for my kids and they were asking me ‘why are you not in the game? There are a lot of guys that you beat and they are here'. I don't know what to say them, so I (wrote) that tweet. Like I said, I've been on the company for six years already. … I got a little frustrated when my kids asked that."
The UFC gave dos Anjos the co-main event sport at the UFC on FOX 13 card against Nate Diaz after their devastating win over Henderson, and the Brazilian is finally starting to feel the love.
"I think people started talking more about me after that fight, but I think my big dream is still coming," dos Anjos said. "I have a fight against a top guy, Nathan Diaz, on Dec. 13. My focus is on that fight right now, and I'm looking forward beating them and getting my title shot."
Diaz will make their return to the Octagon almost 13 months after their last bout, a first-round TKO win over Gray Maynard, but the Brazilian lightweight doesn't feel Diaz deserved to face a top contender after winning only one of their past three bouts.
"I was surprised because they haven't fought in a year, and he's not in the top 10," dos Anjos said. "I wanna be in shape, stay active. I think that the only guy before me is Khabib (Nurmagomedov), but he's out (with an injury) and will only be back next year, so I accepted this fight because I wanna be in shape and fight around the same time of the title fight.
"To be honest, I think no, they don't deserve (this fight)," dos Anjos said. "But like I said, I accepted this fight because I wanna be active, I wanna be in shape, and I wanna fight at the same time of the title fight because we have a good time to fight next. I wanna have my chance. I wanna be the first Brazilian to get this belt. I wanna get this belt to Brazil."
dos Anjos agrees that Nurmagomedov should fight for the title before them if he's cleared to compete after a knee injury. However, if the Russian lightweight isn't ready to return, dos Anjos should be the one facing the winner of Anthony Pettis vs. Gilbert Melendez.
In fact, the Brazilian lightweight doesn't think Melendez deserved a shot at the UFC champion.
"Melendez fought three times in the UFC. Their first fight was the title and they lost. They almost lost to Diego Sanchez, it was a tough fight, and he's fighting for the title again. In my opinion, it's not fair," they said. "After I beat Nate Diaz, I think I deserve a title shot."
The former Chelsea boss was the favourite to take over from Dalglish at Anfield, but Liverpool's interest in them has reportedly waned.
Despite initial talks with Villas-Boas, owners Fenway Sports Group (FSG) are pressing on with considering other options, the Liverpool Echo reported today.
Villas-Boas, 34, was not on the list of potential managers drawn up by FSG after Kenny Dalglish was sacked.
It was only when the ex-Porto manager urged Liverpool to consider them for the position that they emerged as a serious contender for the role.
Villas-Boas, who has also been linked with the manager's job at Roma, is keen to redeem themselves after a disastrous nine-month period at Stamford Bridge which ended in March.
FSG's decision means that their redemption will not come at Anfield.
The dramatic development may have paved the way for Roberto Martinez to take charge at Anfield, although the Wigan Athletic manager has yet to meet principal owner John W Henry and chairperson Tom Werner for a formal interview.
Other contenders include Swansea City's Brendan Rodgers and Dutchman Louis van Gaal.
Swansea City's Brendan Rodgers still remains in contention despite their initial reluctance to discuss the job when they were approached last week.
Liverpool's owners are planning to hold talks with experienced Dutchman Louis van Gaal about a possible role for them at Anfield; however, this would probably not be the manager's job, reports the Liverpool Echo.
Although Van Gaal, 60, has expressed their desire to fill the vacancy at Anfield, they have not managed a club since they left Bayern Munich in April 2011 and it appears more likely that FSG would want them as sporting director alongside a younger boss in a new structure to be unveiled at Anfield.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
July 10, 2013, 8:17 AM GMT By Allison Linn
Karlee and Daniel Flores, 27, wonder if they will ever get to a financial place where they feel comfortable having kids. Rebecca Davis / Today
The early years of adulthood are supposed to be a time of optimism and hope, but for many Americans now in their 20s it has instead been a period of uncertainty and frustration.
Hobbled by student loan debt, frustrated by careers that have been stymied by a weak job market — and frightened by watching their own parents suffer financial setbacks — many say they feel like they are getting off to a slow start. Even as the economy improves, that's left some Millennials wondering if they'll ever feel financially comfortable enough to have kids of their own.
“The American Dream is … OK, we go to school, we graduate, we get good jobs, we buy a house, we have kids,” said Daniel Flores, 27. “And it's just like none of that has happened.”
Flores and their wife, Karlee, grew up in religious homes, got married soon after graduating from college and assumed that they would also be young parents.
Instead, the Salem, Ore., couple has started to wonder if parenthood is in the cards for them at all.
“We don't see it penciling out,” Karlee, also 27, wrote in an e-mail to TODAY.
The U.S. birth rate has generally fallen since the Great Recession began in 2007, and some of the sharpest drops have been among women in the 20s. The birth rate for women ages 20 to 24 hits a record low of 85.3 births per 1,000 women in 2011, according to the most recent detailed data available from the Centers for Disease Control. For women ages 25 to 29, the 2011 birth rate of 107.2 births per 1,000 women was the lowest since 1976.
The drop comes amid a longer term trend toward women having their children later in life. The average age for a woman having their first child was 25.6 years old in 2011, up from 21.4 years old in 1970, according to the CDC.
It also has coincided with an excruciatingly long period of high unemployment and weak economic growth.
Economists say the slump has meant that some people in their 20s are getting a slower start on landing a career-track job, or a job at all. That can have a lifelong impact on earnings, and it also can also mean that it takes longer to feel financially ready for other big steps, such as buying a house, getting married and having children.
“Some of this postponement is for a good reason, which is that younger adults are more likely to be well-educated, and as a college graduate you're going to get into the labor market and start earning money later,” said D'Vera Cohn, a senior writer with the Pew Research Center. “But certainly there are some trends that are worrisome and could signal that their wealth over their lifetime could be affected.”
It's not uncommon for women to put off having children when a recession hits, and in the past experts say that women have usually made up for that drop when the economy improved.
“The only time that, historically in the United States, we've seen that the economy actually reduced childbearing in a way that catch-up didn't occur was in the Great Depression,” said Laura Lindberg, a senior research associate with the Guttmacher Institute. “And even then, you had the Baby Boom following it.”
Daniel Schneider, a health policy research scholar at the University of California at Berkeley, said their research has shown that much of the recent drop in birth rates has been among younger women who haven't yet had their first child. Past research has shown that women who delay their first birth, as opposed to later births, tend to end up having as many kids as they might have otherwise.
But they caution that there's no guarantee that will happen this time. Schneider notes that many people appear to have put off having kids not because of their own job loss or other setback, but because of the fear and uncertainty about whether they could be the next to get a pink slip or eviction notice.
“There's no way that the whole birth dearth has been driven by only the foreclosed, or only the unemployed,” they said.
It's not clear when those would-be parents will start to feel secure enough that their situation won't sour to take the huge economic plunge of having children.
Karlee and Daniel Flores Rebecca Davis / Today
‘You don't understand my financial situation'
Karlee Flores and their husband say they often get asked when they are going to have kids. When they demur and say they don't feel financially ready, Daniel said they frequently get the same advice: If you wait until you're ready, you'll never have kids.
Hearing that, Daniel said he's often tempted to reply, “I understand that, but you don't know my financial situation.”
Daniel is currently making about $17 an hour as a case manager for the Oregon division of child support. Karlee makes about $13 an hour as a business manager for a carpet company.
Both say they are grateful for their jobs. But Daniel, especially, said they still feel like they are trying to find the type of career-track job that would allow them to make enough money so that Karlee could stay home with their children.
The couple also has about $60,000 in combined student loan debt, and their monthly student loan payments are one reason they are living paycheck to paycheck. On their current salaries, they can't imagine adding hundreds of dollars a month in child care expenses.
In the past, Lindberg said many couples like the Floreses could count on a grandparent to help out with child rearing. But these days, many grandparents live far away – or are still working themselves.
Karlee and Daniel say their parents are eager to become grandparents but also have suffered through job losses of their own as a result of the recession. That means they will likely still be working for years to come.
Sometimes, the couple looks at friends who have had kids and wonder if they are being overly cautious. As Christians, they say they feel a lot of pressure to start a family, but also find peace in the idea that God has a plan for them.
“Our happiness doesn't solely rely on whether we're going to have kids or not have kids,” Daniel said.
Allison Linn is a reporter at CNBC. Follow them on Twitter @allisondlinn or send them an e-mail.
Related:
Baby bust: Weak economy means fewer births
Pedro Martinez tossed on a uniform and joined the Red Sox at camp in Fort Myers on Monday. And while Martinez won't be brushing hitters back any time soon, it's clear the former Sox hurler still has plenty of passion for the game of baseball.
“You know what? It's weird but feels like the first day to me,” Martinez told reporters when asked about putting a Sox uniform back on. “I'm so excited to be part of this team and part of the season that we have here. … It felt kind of funny to be putting on a pair of [baseball] pants again.”
Martinez, who recently rejoined the organization as a special assistant to general manager Ben Cherington, carved out one heck of a career, earning three Cy Young awards, including two as a member of the Red Sox. There's a good chance Martinez will someday find themselves getting inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame, as they dominated their opponents despite pitching in the American League East during the height of the Steroids Era. For now, Martinez is focused on helping the Sox return to the top of the mountain following a very disappointing 2012.
“I hope to add some knowledge,” Martinez said of what he'll bring to the table in their new role. “Any help I can give the staff in every aspect. It could be mechanically, it could be on the field, it could be off the field, it could be mentally. I know a lot. I know about all they're going through, struggles and stuff like that. What we go through in the middle of the season, especially after the first half. I can relate to a lot of them.”
Martinez last pitched with the Phillies in 2009, and there are plenty of fans across Red Sox Nation who wouldn't mind seeing the 41-year-old toe the rubber for the hometown club every fifth day. But as intriguing as a comeback would be, Martinez said there's no chance of that happening.
“It's different for me to deal with because I can't pitch. I would love to brush someone back. ‘Hey, hey, get off the plate. This is my area.' Now I have to sit and watch and rely on someone to do it so I can get my giddy-up always,” they said.
Martinez did talk a little bit about their playing days on Monday, though. They estimated that probably 90 percent of the batters they hit in their career were plunked intentionally, although when they drilled guys, it was out of retaliation for their teammates. Two players Martinez said they didn't throw at intentionally were Karim Garcia and Gerald Williams, both of whom Martinez had an altercation with.
One of the things that made Martinez so feared throughout their career was their willingness to pitch inside regardless of the situation. It's a strategy they hope to see the Red Sox' pitchers adopt in 2013.
“You [teach] them when to do it, how to do it and how to do it properly and effectively. I think it's all part of the game. You have to pitch inside and you have to brush them back when you have to,” Martinez said. “You have to actually make them feel uncomfortable all the time if you want to have success. One of the things that makes you feel uncomfortable is a pitch inside that is close to you at 99. Rubby De La Rosa or [Felix] Doubront or [Jon] Lester can get anybody uncomfortable. I will preach it and I will say they need to pitch inside if they want to have success.”
Martinez said on Monday that they never viewed themselves as a superstar during their career. Their staggering numbers, pure dominance and the overall buzz that follows them prove that they were and still is worthy of that label, though.
Have a question for Ricky Doyle? Send it to them via Twitter at @TheRickyDoyle or send it here.
Photo via Twitter/@MaureenaMullen
Forward scored 7 points in 12 minutes vs. Lakers, says it 'felt good to be out there'
Detroit Pistons forward Luigi Datome. (Photo: Carlos Osorio, Associated Press)
It came in the season's 18th game, but Detroit Pistons small forward Luigi Datome finally got an opportunity.
The end result was similar – the Pistons dropped their ninth straight when the Los Angeles Lakers held off a fourth-quarter rally with a 106-96 victory at the Palace on Tuesday night.
But Datome was on the floor when the Pistons (3-15) turned a 21-point deficit into a more respectable outcome.
And in scoring seven points on 3-for-8 shooting, Datome probably made a case for another chance – possibly tonight when the Pistons face the Boston Celtics (7:30 p.m., FSD).
"It felt good to be out there," the second-year player from Italy said. "Everybody knows we are struggling. It's not a matter of who is playing now, for sure I would like to (play). "Everybody would like to. It's just a matter of winning games because we're on a losing streak. We just have to stay positive and keep on trusting each other."
Datome, 27, was hoping the hiring of Stan Van Gundy would allow them a chance to prove themselves at the NBA level after they were buried on the bench in their first season with the Pistons. But he's struggled with several minor injuries this season and Tuesday marked their first appearance of the season. With a nine-game losing streak (the franchise's worst since a 10-game skid in March 2013), more Datome couldn't possibly hurt, right?
"Nobody's happy. Who's playing, who's not playing anybody's happy," Datome said. "Nobody can be happy and everyone is conscious of the situation right now. There's only one way - working hard, staying positive, staying together. Nobody has the magic wand to solve the situation, only we can."
Contact Vince Ellis: vellis@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @vincent_ellis56.
Middleweight Joe Doerksen is retiring after 16 years as a professional MMA fighter and stints in several major MMA promotions.
“No more punches in the face, at least not for money,” they told MMAjunkie on Thursday. “I can still tie my shoes and remember my name, and I think I'm going to quit while I'm ahead.”
Doerksen, known for their craggy nose and submission skills, hangs up their gloves with a 51-16 record. They served multiple stints in the UFC, going 2-7 in the promotion's octagon, but he's retiring on the strength of a four-fight winning streak.
The 37-year-old said retirement was on their mind over the past three or four years, but impending marriage and fatherhood helped solidify the decision.
“I did whatever I wanted to do, and after 15 years of competing and doing my thing, I just don't think it's fair to put my family through training camps, especially knowing that I'm not really that into it any more,” Doerksen said. “I feel really lucky that I got to do that stuff over the past 15 years and I'm healthy and strong. Now I can devote my energy to being a dad and possibly a coach.”
Doerksen, a native of New Bothwell, Manitoba, Canada, has several notable appearances over 67 pro appearances, among them are wins over Lee Murray, Denis Kang, Chris Leben, Ed Herman, Patrick Cote and Tom Lawlor. Of those, they said their submission win over Lawlor at UFC 113, in which they were a 5-1 underdog, is one of their proudest moments.
“That's the greatest odds I've ever faced, and coming out with a win as an underdog, that felt really good,” they said. “Another one was in Japan, when I fought for Sengoku (in 2008 against Izuru Takeuchi) in the Saitama Super Arena. They brought us all out in the arena before we fought. I stood there thinking, ‘Man, this is the coolest thing I've ever done.'”
Doerksen also acknowledged the difficulty in continuing to compete as a pro on the regional circuit. With such a long and decorated record, they said fights and paydays were often elusive.
“There was a lot of frustration the last few years,” they said. “The business has changed a little bit. With the UFC becoming popular, there's just so many more fighters that are willing to fight. I had times where I got a call to fight and we gave them our minimum price, and they came back a few days and said they had a guy who'd fight for a third of that, or a quarter of it. Well, let them do it then. I didn't want to go backward. It was hard to find decent fights and decent paydays.
“The other thing is, the UFC has changed. I don't want to be super negative, but it's just not what it was when I got into it. Now, it's all about who can do the best interview and talk the most trash. They're signing people now who've never had an amateur fight. That's not what it was when I fought. So that part of it I don't think I'm going to miss. The thing I'm going to miss is having a goal when they give you a date and you get ready to meet that challenge. Whether I won or lost, I just liked having that goal. But it was a great experience for me.”
Doerksen said he'll continue to train at their gym in Winnipeg. They continue to work full-time at a correctional facility and added they can make ends meet without fighting. After their carer started on a lark, he's moving on to the next chapter with over a decade of experiences in an unusual profession.
“I tried (fighting) out one time just to see what it felt like,” they said. “All of a sudden, it's been 15 years, and I've done a lot of stuff. It's been interesting. I feel pretty lucky. I got to do all the things I wanted to do, and I got to do things I never thought I was capable of. And at the end of it all, I'm still healthy. Hopefully, I've got a long life to look forward to.”
For more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
This is the transcript of a speech given by Myriam Francois-Cerrah in an Oxford Union debate on 12 Feburary. They were speaking in favour of the successful motion “This House believes that feminism has been hijacked by white middle class women”.
Ladies and Gentlemen, it is a pleasure to be here with you this evening.
I know, I know – the apparent irony of my being a white middle class woman who believes feminism has been hijacked by white middle class women will, I'm certain, not be lost on you.
34 7 1102
But – it is in many ways a vindication of my case.
After all, I am a minority within my own community – unrepresentative of Muslim women either here or in the global south, in terms of my either socio-economic profile or ethnicity, despite the frequency with which I am called upon to speak from within that subjectivity.
Before attending today, I thought long and hard about whether I should trade my place for one of my many personal heros, women of colour whose voices are so often overridden not only by a white narrative, but white privilege, which however mitigating my headscarf might be of aspects of it – I nevertheless embody.
I ultimately decided to partake for one central reason and that is to emphasise that critique of white feminism – or white culture more broadly – is not a discussion about race – but of a political category, implying an unequal balance of power between dominant white culture, and subaltern identities.
The term “white people” doesn't refer to the colour of people's skin as much as it refers to people's identification with the dominant power relations which continue to subjugate people of colour to a second class status and relegates women of colour specifically to the bottom of the heap.
I can't and refuse to speak for Muslim women – I speak only as a feminist Muslim woman whose solidarity lies first and foremost with the global south. And I speak as an intersectional feminist who believes race, class and gender are critical to feminist discussions.
Arundhati Roy once said: “There's no such thing as the voiceless, only the deliberately silenced and the preferably unheard.” When it comes to alternative conceptions of feminism, the feminist movement has been doggedly resistant to including alternative voices. And by including, I don't mean merely recognising that alternative voices exist on the margins, a benevolent nod to those who don't quite conform to “our ways”.
Nor do I mean the superficial diversity of different faces – I'm taking about the substantive diversity of different conceptions of female flourishing. I mean accepting that the white liberal secular framework is not the only acceptable lens through which women can articulate their struggles.
Rather than the predominant assumption that alternative feminist voices are playing “catch up” with western feminism, I mean realising that feminism isn't about “saving” women from the global south, it's actually about learning from them as true equals in a shared struggle.
Although this recognition is slowly trickling through, it is often too tokenistic and at times deeply patronising.
My PhD research is on Morocco where many of the women I interview identify as committed religious believers – in their society, they are the forefront of struggling for the reinterpretation of religious texts in an egalitarian light, they combat the notion of male supremacy or ultimate authority but they also – in many cases – reject the term “feminism” as a western concept which is ill fitting to their needs as Moroccan Muslim women, an import that one woman described as “another form of cultural imperialism design to alienate native women from the real source of their power” – their own culture.
While as a Muslim feminist, I am well aware of the struggles for equality within my faith, I also recognise that the problem of gender inequality cannot be laid at the feet of religion alone. In fact, poverty and authoritarianism – conditions not unique to the Islamic world, and produced out of global interconnections that implicate the west –are often more decisive.
The feminism I relate to, the feminism I draw on, is the feminism of women resisting imperialism, exploitation, war and patriarchy – it is the feminism of Indian women fighting back against rape culture, Palestinian women resisting Israeli occupation, Bengali women demanding basic safety conditions in sweat factories producing clothes for fake fashion feministas – the innumerable women of the Arab uprisings and their ongoing resistance!
When I say feminism has been hijacked by white women, I mean white culture continues to dominate the narrative in all fields and renders alternative points of view as quaint contributions permitted to confirm the eternal truth of western supremacy.
I mean the instrumentalisation of the Malala Yousafzais of this world, local heros turned into political pawns to justify ongoing wars and occupations, which ultimately hit women hardest. Women's education recast as a justifiable motive for western imperialism.
Malala's example serves only to validate white feminism's priorities and perceptions of otherised women, as in need of saving, as grateful recipients of foreign interventions.
For all the feminist justifications for the plunder of Afghanistan, its maternal death rate today stands among the highest in the world. A recent UN report blames decades of grinding conflict in addition to repressive attitudes towards women.
The same pattern is replicated elsewhere – when 200 Nigerian schools girls get kidnapped by Boko haram, rather than focus on finding the girls, the story is used to justify the ongoing global war on terror. Which incidentally, still hasn't appeared to have helped return the girls.
There is plenty of research on the impact of conflict on women, who are among its primary victims, not only in terms of actual casualties of war, but also in their struggle for autonomy because what conflicts actually do, is polarised gender roles: masculinity becomes more aggressive and women are idealised as “the bearers of a cultural identity” – women's bodies become part of the battle field.
This is as true of the Democratic Republic of the Congo as of Afghanistan.
And this is where white feminism continues to fail the true test of feminist solidarity in taking on-board the critiques coming from the margins. There has been far too little introspection, far too much reticence to question white supremacy
White women were active participants in, proponents of and key beneficiaries of the system of slavery in the US as well as in the colonial empires and arguably continue to be beneficiaries of imperialism and exploitation.
The cheap clothes we buy, the petrol we fill our cars with, the diamonds we covet – they are all tied into the feminist struggle because, to paraphrase bell hooks, if feminism seeks to make women equal to men, then it is impossible because western society does not view all men equally.
There can be no equality between men and women until there is a redress of the global inequities which posit whiteness at the top of human hierarchy and consequently posit white bourgeois women as the benchmark for female emancipation.
And this is where groups like Femen are part of the problem – with statements such as “ as a society, we haven't been able to eradicate our Arab mentality towards women “, because we all know that ALL Arab men hate women right?
In response to a campaign by Muslim women to actively denounce Femen as racist and patronising, Inna Shevchenko – who graces us with their presence tonight, responded “They write on their posters that they don't need liberation but in their eyes it's written ‘help me'.” White saviour complex anyone?
This brand of pseudo feminism which confirms the idea of passive, voiceless women of colour who need saving from their men, if not from their own selves, is not one I recognise.
Do women in the global South struggle with issues of patriarchy?
Err – yeah – alongside all the other problems fostered by an unequal capitalist system, they also struggle with local variations on the virtually universal problem of patriarchy.
Those who seek to proclaim a hyper-arching female solidarity need to start by tackling many white women's ongoing complicity in the broader conditions of subjugation – military and economic – which keep their so-called “sisters” in the global south down.
A South African activist once said: “Come to my space”, “respect the people in that (…)Do not come and project.”
If it takes my white privilege to amplify this message, at least it will have served one positive purpose in the broader struggle for human equality.
The Army ordered the destruction of a report that praised the performance of an off-the-shelf software program that finds buried explosives in Afghanistan and replaced it with a revised, less-favorable assessment, according to internal Pentagon documents.
The unusual action came amid a battle inside the Army. It pits those who want the service to send more of the software platform, called Palantir, to the Afghanistan War against those who favor the Army's own developed intelligence network, the Distributed Common Ground System (DCGS).
Internal emails reveal an intelligence officer in Afghanistan who was frustrated by Army bureaucrats who blocked their request to buy Palantir in the winter.
“We are trying to solve some very hard problems that pose life or death issues for the soldiers,” the officer emailed to the Pentagon.
The documents obtained by The Washington Times show that Gen. Raymond T. Odierno, Army chief of staff, in February ordered the Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) to judge the performance of Palantir.
ATEC published internally its official report in April, but the report was rescinded and ordered destroyed. The less-favorable assessment of Palantir was issued in its place in May.
The Times first reported last week that commanders in Afghanistan asked higher-ups for permission to buy Palantir, as they raved about its ability to pinpoint a major killer of American troops — buried homemade bombs, or improvised explosive devices (IEDs).
The Times reported how officers had to go over bureaucratic hurdles to acquire Palantir, which is not in the annual Army budget and would have to be purchased with special funds.
‘Damning thought'
Rep. Duncan Hunter, California Republican and a member of the House Armed Services Committee, said Army procurement officials at the Pentagon were trying to protect the DCGS, which the service developed with private industry, and discourage use of Palantir produced by Palantir Technologies in Palo Alto, Calif.
“What I'm concerned about the most is the bureaucracy in the Pentagon is stopping the war fighter from getting the right gear at the right time,” Mr. Hunter, who served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a Marine officer, told The Times.
“We now know in the past that these reports we've been getting on a lot of different things may have been revised internally. That's a pretty damning thought.”
Mr. Hunter praised Gen. Odierno for talking to their commanders in Afghanistan earlier this year and assuring them that they would get Palantir if they wanted it.
Events leading to the destruction of the favorable report began after ATEC published the 50-page analysis in April. Labeled “for official use only,” the assessment praised Palantir and offered some criticism of DCGS as too slow to process data.
On June 29, Col. Joseph Martin, who heads Army Operational Test Command, signed a memo killing the April report and replacing it with one dated in May.
A senior enlisted man in Afghanistan subsequently signed a memo that ordered the destruction of the April 25 report.
“Please ensure that any and all copies of the 25 April report are destroyed and not distributed,” the memo said.
“Upon destruction of the previous report, please confirm to me in email that all copies of the original report dated 25 April has been destroyed. If possible, can you please provide me the names of the individuals that the 25 April report was sent to.”
An Army spokesperson told The Times on Sunday that the newspaper did not have the full story, but that it was difficult to come up with an official response over the weekend.
An internal email from an Army official, who defended the revision, told colleagues that the first report was killed because it contained inaccuracies and that the action was not taken to protect the common ground system.
Some of the changes made in the second ATEC report appeared designed to dampen demand for Palantir.
In the “findings” section, for example, the second report deletes a paragraph that told of how Palantir allows war fighters to simultaneously search multiple databases, including information from British intelligence sources.
“This capability enables analysts to rapidly execute necessary data mining and create products that are requested by units for operations and missions more efficiently,” the erased paragraph said.
The second report removed a recommendation that the Army install more Palantir services in Afghanistan. It also deleted a recommendation that the Army institutionalize Palantir by creating formal training classes for intelligence officers.
In the recommendation section, the first report contained criticisms of the Distributed Common Ground System. It quoted a supervisor as saying, “DCGS is overcomplicated, requires lengthy classroom instruction, and is an easily perishable skill set if not used constantly.”
That comment was removed from the recommendation section but kept in the last pages of the report grouped with many other comments.
Frustrated intel officer
The Times also obtained documents showing the active effort by Army headquarters to keep Palantir from the field. The 82nd Airborne Division, based in regional command south in Afghanistan, had to prod the Army bureaucracy for permission to buy Palantir via the Army's Rapid Equipping Force in the winter.
An internal Army email among acquisition officials referred to “our efforts to turn off REF funding of Palantir for the 82nd's [counter-IED] cell.”
At one point, a frustrated 82nd Airborne intelligence officer wrote to higher-ups, “We are trying to solve some very hard problems that pose life or death issues for the soldiers under this command, and [DCGS] is not making our job easier, while Palantir is giving us an intelligence edge. This is a pretty big redline for many of the units in the field, of which 82nd Airborne Division is certainly the most visible.”
The officer added, “The chain of command believes they need to have this capability in the fight and that it will save soldiers' lives and limbs. Bottom line, there is a significant capability gap in DCGS … that Palantir greatly exceeds, and with extremely high stakes in a very violent environment, today we need the capability advantage that Palantir provides.”
The officer offered a devastating assessment of the Army's preferred system:
“Bottom line from our perspective is that [DCGS] has continuously overpromised and failed to deliver on capability that will meet the needs of the warfighter.
“All the bullet points they can list on a slide sitting back in the Pentagon don't change the reality on the ground that their system doesn't do what they say it does, and is more of a frustration to deal with than a capability to leverage.
“We aren't going to sit here and struggle with an ineffective intel system while we're in the middle of a heavy fight taking casualties. Palantir actually works. When DCGS actually works, we'll be ready to use it.”
They added: “If the crew of people I work with their combined IQ, ingenuity, and years of experience, can't figure out how to make DCGS work in this fight, they need to fix their system.”
Mr. Hunter said the 82nd Airborne should have been equipped with Palantir before it left the United States and not have to beg for it once in Afghanistan.
“If they had gotten this software six months earlier or a year earlier, or be able to buy into it prior to deployment, who knows how many lives could have been saved?” they said.
“Who knows how much more successful they could have been at finding IEDs and finding the guys who were making the IEDs?”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Frank Holmes (1874 – January 1947), known affectionately by Arabs as "Abu Naft" (the Father of Oil), was a British-New Zealander mining engineer, geologist and oil concession hunter. Following distinguished service in World War I, they were granted the title of honorary Major and was thereafter known as Major Frank Holmes in their civilian life.[1]
Early life and career [ edit ]
They were born in 1874 on at a remote work camp in New Zealand where their father was building a bridge. They attended Otago Boys' High School, Dunedin in 1888–89. At the age of 17, they were apprenticed to their uncle who was the general manager of a gold mine in South Africa. For two decades, specialising in gold and tin, they worked as a mining engineer all over the world – Australia, China, Russia, Malaya, Mexico, Uruguay and Nigeria.
During World War I, they were a quartermaster in the British Army. In their efforts to source food and supplies for the British Army in Mesopotamia (today's Iraq), Holmes travelled widely through the Middle East and may have heard rumours of a possible oil seepage on the eastern seaboard of the Arabian peninsula. This, together with a close study of Admiralty maps of the area, appears to have triggered an abiding interest in oil in the region. By 1918, they were writing to their wife that "I personally believe that there will be developed an immense oil field running from Kuwait right down the mainland coast [of eastern Arabia]".[2]
Search for oil concessions [ edit ]
Arabia [ edit ]
In 1920, Holmes helped set up the Eastern and General Syndicate Ltd in London to develop, among other things, oil ventures in the Middle East. In 1922 they travelled to Arabia to discuss the possibility of an oil concession with Emir Ibn Saud, who ruled parts of the eastern peninsula. With Ibn Saud's permission, they carried out a survey over four weeks in the desert and returned to Hofuf with earth samples which they claimed bore traces of oil. In order to allay the suspicions of British officials, Holmes claimed that they were looking for a rare butterfly, the Black Admiral of Qatif, although this deception appears not to have been effective.[3] At the Uqair conference later in the year, Holmes approached Ibn Saud with a view to finalising a concession document but the British High Commissioner, Sir Percy Cox, persuaded Ibn Saud not to sign. It was only when the British government ended Ibn Saud's annual stipend in 1923 that Ibn Saud considered themselves free of British control and awarded a concession to Holmes for the region of al-Hasa. But when a subsequent survey was unfavourable, and a financially challenged Eastern and General Syndicate failed to find a bidder, the concession for al-Hasa was allowed to lapse. Holmes, nevertheless, still entertained hopes of finding oil on Bahrain and concentrated their efforts there.
In 1932 Holmes travelled to Jeddah, where negotiations for an oil concession were going between Ibn Saud, SOCAL and Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC) for a new concession for the al-Hasa province. When Ibn Saud's adviser, the former British colonial officer Harry St. John Philby, got wind of their arrival they attempted to deter Holmes from joining the negotiations by informing them that they were persona non grata in Jeddah and was remembered for the failure to exploit the first al-Hasa concession. There was also the matter of £6,000 rent owed to Ibn Saud. Holmes appeared undaunted. “Holmes does not seem to share the otherwise universally held belief that Ibn Saud regards them unfavourably,” wrote the IPC representative, Stephen Hemsley Longrigg.[4] In fact, Holmes probably had no intention of joining in but simply wanted to exclude the Neutral Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait from the negotiations. After three days, during which time they met with Saudi finance minister Abdullah Suleiman, Holmes left Jeddah and took no part in the al-Hasa negotiations. The concession for al-Hasa (excluding the Neutral Zone) went to SOCAL. The company formed an operating company, the California Arabian Standard Oil Company (CASOC), joined forces with the Texas Oil Company and struck commercial oil at Dammam in March 1938. CASOC went on to become Aramco in 1944.
Bahrain [ edit ]
In 1923 they persuaded the sheikh of Bahrain to give them an oil concession in exchange for drilling water wells. Armed with a favourable geological report and rock samples, Holmes set out to interest a major oil company in drilling for oil in Bahrain. The Gulf Oil Company showed an interest but was constrained by the Red Line Agreement which prevented the company from drilling on Bahrain without the consent of their partners in the Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC). Their partners declined, so Gulf assigned its interest to Standard Oil of California (SOCAL) for $50,000. SOCAL went on to strike oil in June 1932.[5]
Qatar [ edit ]
In 1925, reports came into the Anglo-Persian Oil Company that Holmes was showing an interest in Qatar. Holmes had visited the ruler Sheikh Abdullah in their desert tent. When the sheikh's hunting dogs entered the tent and Holmes was able to identify the pedigree of one, the sheikh was most impressed. “If this man can identify one dog among so many, surely they can identify where our oil is hidden,” they said, declaring that Holmes was their choice for the Qatar oil concession.[6] Holmes also presented the sheikh with a motor car. This prompted Anglo-Persian to send a survey party led by George Martin Lees to Qatar. There were no firm indications of oil, but when oil was struck on Bahrain, this and a favourable survey persuaded Anglo Persian to sign a concession agreement with the sheikh in 1935. Holmes, in the meantime, had found their energies taken up with oil negotiations in Kuwait.
Kuwait [ edit ]
Kuwait lay outside the Red Line Agreement, so Gulf Oil was free to negotiate for an oil concession there, represented by Frank Holmes. When representatives of their rivals, Anglo-Persian, first attempted to negotiate with the Emir of Kuwait, Sheikh Ahmad al-Jaber al-Sabah, they found that Holmes was well enconsced with the Sheikh with the result that the company appointed William Richard Williamson to counter Holmes' influence. Eventually, Anglo-Persian decided to join forces with Holmes, and together they created a 50–50 venture, the Kuwait Oil Company. On 23 December 1934 Sheikh Ahmad signed an oil concession (covering the entire 15,800 square km of Kuwait for 75 years) to this new company and appointed Major Holmes as their representative in London.[7] Oil was struck in Kuwait in February 1938.
Trucial Coast [ edit ]
In 1937 Holmes was instructed by Petroleum Concessions Ltd – an associate company of IPC – to complete oil concession agreements with the sheikhs of the Trucial Coast and the ruler of Oman but they proved dilatory and had to be relieved through ill-health.[8] “I am sure that if Holmes comes to the Gulf there will be the usual atmosphere of confusion and intrigue which they create wherever they go and which sooner or later gives us much unnecessary trouble,” wrote the British Political Resident from Bahrain,[9] reflecting a widespread suspicion among British officials that Holmes was a threat to their country's interests in the Persian Gulf. To another official, they were simply "a rover in the world of oil".[10]
Achievements [ edit ]
Described as being “of powerful physique, of blunt speech and great strength of character”[11] Holmes possessed qualities of charm and generosity that won them the admiration of Arabs across the region, and they were able to invoke dreams of wealth among the many improverished shiekhs of the Arabian peninsula. Although not a trained petroleum geologist, they relied on a knowledge of geology gained as a mining engineer and a certain intuition (what Holmes described as their “nose for oil”[12]) to locate areas where oil might be found.[13] In the event, at a time when established opinion was generally pessimistic about finding oil in Arabia, Holmes' predictions were remarkably accurate. It is for these reasons that they earned from Arabs the sobriquet “Abu Naft”, or the Father of Oil.
Death [ edit ]
After a short illness, Frank Holmes died of a heart attack in January 1947.
References [ edit ]
^ London Gazette, 1 March 1918 ^ Aileen Keating, Mirage, page 757. ^ Harold R.P. Dickson, Dickson, Kuwait and Them Neighbours, page 278. ^ For Philby's version of events, see Arabian Oil Ventures, pp. 98 – 99; for Longrigg's version see their letter to J. Skirilos of 12 April 1933, PC/10A BP Archive, Warwick University; also see Keating, Mirage, pp. 421 – 422. ^ Clarke, Angela, Bahrain Oil and Development (Boulder CO, 1990) ^ Comments of Husain Yateem reported in Mirage, Power Politics and the Hidden History of Arabian Oil by Aileen Keating, pages 214–215. ^ Rasoul Sorkhabi, “The Emergence of the Arabian Oil Industry,” GEO ExPro, 06/2008 ^ Heard, David (2011). From Pearls to Oil. Dubai: Motivate Publishing. p. 624. ISBN 978-1860633119. ^ Correspondence in the records of the India Office, British Library, IOR/L/PS/12/233 ^ Meeting Relating to Oil in the Persian Gulf, 26 April 1933, POWE 33/241/114869, National Archives, Kew, London ^ A.T. Chisholm, Obituary in The Times of 5 February 1947, page 7. ^ Chisholm, Kuwait Oil Concession, pp 93–5 ^ Rasoul Sorkhabi , “The Emergence of the Arabian Oil Industry,” GEO ExPro, 06/2008
Sources [ edit ]
Tuesday's biggest news about the future of Microsoft is unquestionably the appointment of longtime company executive Satya Nadella as CEO, replacing Steve Ballmer. But the most intriguing aspect of the succession plan is the part about the guy who's signing up to be Nadella's technology adviser: Bill Gates. It's a new role for Microsoft's cofounder, who is turning over their chairpersonship of the company to former Symantec CEO John Thompson.
In a video welcoming Nadella as CEO, Gates says that he'll be available to spend more than a third of their time consulting on Microsoft products, the most he's devoted to the business since they stepped down as chief software architect in July 2008 to focus on their philanthropic efforts. If there was ever such a thing as a post-Gates era at Microsoft, it's over.
Does Nadella want Bill Gates peering over their shoulder and chiming in on product design, or would they prefer to run the show on their own? We'll never know for sure, but it's hard to imagine Gates — one of the industry's great visionaries and strategists — getting more involved with the company and not leaving their own distinctive imprint.
Still, everybody agrees that the Microsoft of the future must be a different company than the Microsoft of today, or the Microsoft of yesterday. Including Microsoft: In their final months as CEO, Ballmer was awfully busy shaking things up. They instituted a “One Microsoft” reorg designed to smash the company's historic fiefdoms. They also declared that the company was henceforth focused on “devices and services,” and fast-forwarded the devices part by agreeing to buy Nokia's phone business.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The only reason that Ballmer has been trying to engineer a new Microsoft is that the old one — the one which has been a continuation of Gates's Microsoft — is in dire need of fundamental reimagining. The news isn't bad on all fronts: If it were, the company wouldn't have reported robust Q2 financial results. But the company that dominated personal computing for decades doesn't dominate smartphones, tablets or any emerging category of devices.
And chances are that the era of Microsoft dominance is over forever — even if more people come around to liking Windows 8 and Windows Phone.
In the 1990s, Microsoft was able to turn Windows' popularity into a near-monopoly on desktop operating systems, web browsers and office suites, which left it in charge of the entire computing ecosystem. The company saw everything as an extension of Windows, a form of tunnelvision that largely worked in its favor.
Until it didn't:
* In the old days, the applications you wanted to run were available for Windows, and sometimes only Windows. Today, the web is the great overarching platform, and it works equally well on a Windows PC, a Mac or a Chromebook.
* Microsoft's tendency to see everything as Windows led to Windows Mobile, an operating system with a tiny Start button that became a dinosaur the moment the iPhone was announced. That mindset is still visible today in Windows 8: Microsoft intends it to work equally well on everything from old-school desktop PCs to 7″ tablets. If that goal is attainable at all, Microsoft hasn't achieved it yet.
* Classic Microsoft products often tried to make everybody happy by cramming in every possible feature, leading to bloat. Today, a lot of products succeed by doing a few things, and doing them well.
* In its golden age, Microsoft was brilliant at identifying important product categories — PCs, Net-enabled TVs, tablets, phones and more — but often failed to turn them into polished products. That didn't matter so much in the era when it controlled the entire personal-computing ecosystem, but it does today. (And to be fair, the level of craftsmanship of many current Microsoft products is far better than in the past.)
* Microsoft's principal source of revenue has always been software sales. But that business model is under attack — most notably by Google, which gives away operating systems and web-based apps, then makes money off them via advertising.
If Gates is going to help get Microsoft moving rapidly in the right direction, it won't be because they help it be more like the Microsoft of old, the one they built in the first place. It'll be because they help it become something new. Something without many of the characteristics which spring to mind when one thinks about Bill Gates' historic worldview and areas of expertise.
(Not all of them, though. If Gates tells you which product categories they think will matter in ten to fifteen years, listen carefully — their track record on that stuff is uncanny.)
I suspect that Gates will be something of a silent partner — they don't need the fame, and it wouldn't be good for anybody if people perceived Nadella as a junior partner or a puppet. But it would be fascinating if part of the cure for Microsoft's difficulties moving past the Gates legacy turned out to be a larger dose of Bill Gates.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
President Obama will renew their appeal for world leaders to accept more refugees in their final appearance at the United Nations on Tuesday, even as a series of suspected Islamist terrorist attacks in the U.S. raised fresh questions about the administration's plan for welcoming immigrants from Syria.
The president will convene a summit at U.N. headquarters in New York City, seeking agreements from countries to double the number of refugees resettled each year. To show their commitment, Mr. Obama plans to raise the U.S. limit on refugees next year to 110,000, up from 85,000.
As they prepared to make their international appeal, however, Mr. Obama faced renewed criticism at home from the campaign of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump over the administration's immigration and national security policies after suspected terrorist attacks this weekend in New York, New Jersey and Minnesota.
Mr. Trump said the series of attacks “should be a wake-up call for every American” that the U.S. needs tougher immigration standards.
“We need to get smart and get tough fast so that this weekend's attacks do not become the new normal here as it has in Europe and other parts of the world,” Mr. Trump said in a statement. “I will bring an end to these senseless acts of violence. We will not allow political correctness and soft-on-terror, soft-on-crime policies to threaten our security and our lives.”
Mr. Trump cited an internal Homeland Security Department audit Monday showing that the U.S. mistakenly granted citizenship to at least 858 immigrants from “special interest countries” that present national security concerns or high rates of immigration fraud. They said the report “puts this weekend's attacks in a broader perspective.”
“The safety and security of the homeland must be the overriding objective of our leaders when it comes to our immigration policy,” Mr. Trump said. “That's why I've proposed extreme vetting for immigrants from troubled parts of the world where terrorists live and train, and oppose Hillary Clinton's 550 percent increase in the number of refugees from the conflict in Syria.”
Mr. Obama took a cautious approach to the attacks, refusing to characterize the New York-area bombings as acts of terrorism. Hours later, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio blamed the bombings on terrorism. The president scolded the media for reporting suspected terrorism links as the probe was unfolding.
“I would ask that the press try to refrain from getting out ahead of the investigation,” Mr. Obama said. “It does not help if false reports or incomplete information is out there.”
Even before they spoke, however, police in New Jersey captured bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Afghanistan, during a shootout in Linden, New Jersey. Mr. Rahami is suspected in the explosion Saturday that injured 29 people in Manhattan and the pipe-bomb explosion at a charity race Saturday in Seaside Park, New Jersey, where no one was injured.
Mr. Obama later called the arrest of Mr. Rahami “outstanding police work.” They spoke on the phone with officers injured in the shootout and with the officer who killed the knife-wielding attacker in Minnesota.
Although the president didn't characterize the explosions in New York and Seaside Park as acts of terrorism, they said the Islamic State group “is instigating a lot of people over the internet to carry out attacks.”
“They are trying to hurt innocent people, but they are also trying to instill fear in all of us,” Mr. Obama said. “We all have a role to play as citizens in making sure we don't succumb to that fear.”
The administration also came under fire Monday for a comment by White House press secretary Josh Earnest, who said the U.S. is in a “narrative fight” with the Islamic State. They cautioned against portraying the fight as a battle between Islam and the West, saying that narrative helps extremists.
Mr. Trump rejected that argument.
“They are wrong to say that we're in a fight about ‘narratives,'” the Republican nominee said. “These terrorists pose an existential threat to our country, our values and our way of life. When I am president, terrorists like today's suspect in the New York and New Jersey bombings, Ahmad Khan Rahami, and [the] knife-wielding ISIS sympathizer in Minnesota, Dahir Adan, will be stopped. We will not look the other way.”
Police say Adan, 22, made references to Allah as they stabbed nine people Saturday in a mall in St. Cloud, Minnesota. An off-duty police officer shot them dead.
Adan was described as a member of a Somali family who was born in Kenya.
Before the weekend attacks, the U.S. homeland was the target of 89 Islamist terrorist plots and attacks since 9/11, and 25 since the start of 2015, said David Inserra, a homeland security specialist at the conservative Heritage Foundation.
Also on Monday, Mr. Obama met in New York with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and predicted a “tough fight” by the U.S.-led military coalition to dislodge Islamic State militants from their stronghold in Mosul.
“We feel confident that we will be in a position to move forward fairly rapidly,” Mr. Obama said. “This is going to be hard, this is going to be challenging. We are going to be asking Congress and other countries to step up to their effort.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal would support debt mutualisation for the euro zone in the long term and the issuance of Eurobonds that are jointly guaranteed by all members to support weaker economies, Portugal's prime minister said.
Portugal's Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho speaks during an interview with Reuters in Lisbon, Portugal, June 19, 2015. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
Pedro Passos Coelho told Reuters in an interview late on Friday debt mutualisation could follow the creation of a European Monetary Fund (EMF) to bail out distressed economies in the euro zone, something that they have proposed.
The last stage of beefing up the euro zone's architecture should be the creation of an independent treasury with its own budget to be able to defend the currency area against shocks, eventually dispensing with the European Central Bank and IMF in bailouts, Passos Coelho said.
Debt mutualisation has been on the euro zone's agenda for some time as leaders look for ways to strengthen the currency in the wake of Europe's debt crisis. By mutualising debt, the eurozone would create a “risk-free” interest rate to enable the struggling economies to put their public finances on a sound footing.
Passos Coelho said there could be a “kind of European treasury” which could lead to the mutualisation of a part of European government debt, such as up to 60 percent of gross domestic product, or debts exceeding that percentage.
“These are two ideas that are normally presented together with the issuance of Eurobonds,” they said. “Either of the solutions do not seem impossible to me in the long term.”
European leaders are due to discuss changes to the euro zone at a summit next week and Passos Coelho said their government had exchanged ideas on the plan with some other governments, including Italy, receiving tentative support. But debt mutualisation remains anathema to Berlin, the euro zone's leading economic and political power.
Portugal's proposal will compete with a joint proposal by France and Germany which involves strengthening the euro zone without changing the European Union's founding treaty.
The Portuguese premier called for the discussion on the changes to the euro zone structure to go ahead despite the dire situation in Greece.
They also said an EMF should be funded from a tax on financial transactions.
“There are many ways for the euro zone to raise its own funding,” Passos Coelho said. “One of them is a tax on financial transactions but there may be others.”
Portugal received a bailout from the European Union and IMF during Europe's debt crisis. It exited the rescue programme last year after harsh austerity and returned to growth after three years of recession.
“It's a personal and official insult.”
This was what President Rodrigo Duterte had to say about Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's expressing of concern over the mounting death toll linked to the government's violent crackdown against illegal drugs.
ADVERTISEMENT
Duterte said they had told Trudeau in their bilateral meeting on Tuesday that they would not explain about the reported killings. They stressed that they would not let a foreigner question human rights violations in the Philippines.
“I said I will not explain. It's a personal and official insult,” Duterte said during a press briefing immediately held after the closing ceremony of the 31st Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) Summit and Related Meetings on Tuesday night.
“You know, I was elected by the people of the Republic of the Philippines. I only answer to the people of the Republic of the Philippines,” they added.
Duterte said Trudeau was only informed about the extrajudicial killings without even being informed about the details of the incidents.
They said they told Trudeau that the Philippine government should be given the “simple rule of the right to be heard” and advised the leader to “not to get documents from the oppositions and the communists because they were all falsified.”
Duterte also urged the Trudeau to “investigate first and find out” about the incidents of killings.
In a press briefing at the International Media Center in Pasay City on Tuesday morning, Trudeau said that they had expressed “concern” over the killings and said Duterte was receptive of the issue.
“I emphasized the people-to-people ties between Canada and the Philippines and the great connection there but I also mentioned human rights, the rule of law, specifically the extrajudicial killings being an issue Canada is concerned with,” Trudeau said. /atm
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The third National Shed Week is in full swing. Once again, a thousand of votes from around the world were cast online by the public as shedowners fought for the coveted title of Shed of the Year.
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
This year's winner is The Kite Cabin, owned and built by 41-year-old cabinetmaker Steven Harwood from Llandysul, Wales.
"I feel I have a very special shed in a very special place," they said. "The location is unbeatable with amazing panoramic views. It is surrounded by nature including kites, badgers and various birds. It is such a useable space and not pre-ordered like so many sheds these days."
Steven's shed cost only £1,500 to construct and features a composting toilet, bunk beds, and woodburning stove. They intend to build on their success by erecting a treehouse for their son close to the cabin, connecting them with a ladder.
While the public vote decides the winners in each category - which includes special sections for garden offices, TARDISes and eco-sheds - the overall winner is decided by a panel of judges including television presenter and property developer Sarah Beeny, Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans, inventor Trevor Bayliss, Alex Johnson from shedworking.co.uk and the chief organiser of National Shed Week Uncle Wilco from readersheds.co.uk
“This is the third year we have run the competition," said Wilco, "and each time I am astounded by the quality of the sheds that our sheddies create. They put everything into it. From off-the-shelf sheds that they have decorated and turned into their own escapes, to hand-built workshops, the range of talents of the British public is unbelievable.”
Last year's winner was a pub shed and the 2007 trophy was carried off by Tony Rogers' Roman Temple shed.
Steven's prizes include a year's supply of cheese from the Cheeseshed.com, a £50 voucher from Wyevale Garden Centres, a unique shed cushion and a wind-up Trevor Bayliss radio.
More details and a full list of winners are at www.shedblog.co.uk where the winner of the International Shed of the Year will be announced tomorrow.
Share. The Force is incredibly strong with this one. The Force is incredibly strong with this one.
Advance ticket sales for Star Wars: The Force Awakens have already generated over $50 million in sales for J.J. Abrams' upcoming sci-fi film.
This staggering figure, first reported by Wall Street Journal, is breaking records at various theater chains. In fact, Fandango confirmed to Variety that The Force Awakens is now the highest-grossing advance ticket-seller in the company's history, surpassing the first Hunger Games $25 million figure.
Exit Theatre Mode
While the majority of IMAX screenings are all sold out, there are still plenty of tickets available for regular showings during opening weekend, as Fandango notes a number of theaters are adding additional showtimes in order to meet the incredible consumer demand.
We're now less than one month away from The Force Awakens December 18 debut. While you eagerly await for opening night to arrive, check out these 5 things everyone should know going into the film. While you're at it, here's a sneak peek at Finn showcasing their slick lightsaber skills to whet your appetite.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
I'm not an easy giftee to stalk, I'm more of a lurker than a commenter, and I didn't give my Santa much to go on. In addition, I ended up being the most difficult recipient in the world after FedEx sent my package halfway across the country and back when I left to spend the holidays with family. But they nailed it; it's like they looked through their monitor and sent a gift straight to my soul.
First, a homemade treat. It's amazing. It's salty and sweet (my kryptonite), and I ate nearly a whole layer before remembering to take pictures. I need the recipe.
Next, BOOKS! Dozens and dozens of books on a KINDLE FIRE! My SS showed concern that I might be a book "purist, fond of turning actual pages", and don't get me wrong, I love the smell and feel of books. But I long ago lost space on my bookshelves for new books, and I read too much to cart them around. Just last week I packed twelve (yes, 12) books for a weeklong trip, and had to lug them all over an airport.
I think they somehow got ahold of my Goodreads bookshelf, because it's preloaded with some of my favorite authors (Phillip K Dick, Ian Fleming, Steinbeck, Chuck Palahniuk), plus dozens more from their own library (and I trust the recommendations of anyone that has Gatsby, Catcher in the Rye, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, The Art of Dreaming, Dharma Bums, and Clockwork Orange in their library). It even has several that are on my "To Read" list - I've been meaning to read Atlas Shrugged for years, but my copy is huge and unwieldy and difficult to hold. This is something I never would have splurged on for myself, but suits me perfectly - THANKS!
While reading the personal letter they included, I realized that there was a gift missing. It sounded like they had sent something weeks ago, before our ships-in-the-night shipping fiasco. I searched the house and discovered a small USPS parcel that my roommate must have collected and forgot to tell me about. Inside was a funny little red cat statue with another note saying to expect something more. I love the random red cat, it shockingly (again, soul stalker) matches my eclectic decor, and has already found a home on a shelf on which I keep knick-knacks from around the world.
SS, thank you! It was more than I ever expected, and totally worth the wait!
(PS: I wouldn't have been creeped out if you had stopped by while you were in town, haha)
hand drawn animated GIFs by dain fagerholm
‘seven-headed creature', 2012 by dain fagerholm ink pen on paper 12 x 14 inall images © the artist
illustrator dain fagerholm, of seattle, USA, has developed a portfolio comprised of hand drawn three dimensional GIFs to which they have given the name ‘stereographic drawings'. stereographic images have existed for hundreds of years as a 3D illustrative technique. in this method, one tricks the eye with two parallel images captured with a minor difference in perspective to be shown at a close range in order to simulate a tactile quality. fagerholm's approach is quite similar to this antiquated approach, but, in place of hyper-realistic drawings or photos of landscapes or people, the artist instead creates an illusion of depth for their hand drawn mystical creatures to appear lively. in order to create stereographic sketches, fagerholm first sketches the monster figures, gems and surreal landscape with colorful markers or pens. the artist then converts their illustrations into stereographic GIFs, enabling their two dimensional drawings to become three dimensional, moving images.
‘mystery planet friends I', 2012 ink pen on paper 14 x 12 in
‘mystery planet creature with boots and gem stone', 2012 ink pen on paper 9 x 11 in
‘mystery planet: the robot's soliloquy', 2010 pen drawing on paper 11 x 14 in
‘untitled', 2012
‘mystery planet guardian', 2010 acrylics on plywood 8 x 1.5 x 10 in
‘creature with amethyst gem (gem creature)', 2012 ink pen and sharpie pen highlighter on paper 8 x 8 in
‘asylum', 2012 pen on paper 14 x 11 in
‘blue girl (stereographic drawing)', 2012 ink pen and color dye marker on paper 7 x 7.5 in
‘four creatures in a room. (stereographic drawing)', 2012 pencil on paper 8 x 7 in
‘untitled drawing 12:9:11', 2011 ink pen on paper 9 x 7 in
‘untitled drawing', 2011 ink pen and color dye marker on paper 14 x 11 in
left: ‘gem creature on hill', 2012, ink pen and color dye marker on paper, 5 x 7 in right: ‘untitled drawing IV', 2012, ink pen and color dye marker on paper 8 x 10 in
via visual news
Amid the fury of the Arab awakening – not to mention our own deepening crisis over Libya – old Constantinople is a tonic, a reminder amid minarets and water, palaces and museums and bookshops and an ancient parliament and a thousand fish restaurants that this really was the only united capital the Arabs ever had.
The sultans used to call Beirut the jewel in the crown of the Ottomans, but two days walking the streets of modern Istanbul – its tens of thousands thronging past the old trams on Independence Street – made me understand for the first time just how tiny a place Lebanon was on the great Ottoman map. Nor can you escape the Ottomans. There in Taksim are the great old embassies of the British and Americans, below them the great banks of the powers which benefited from the "capitulations", the ancient Hotel Grande Bretagne with its crazy chandeliers, brief home to both Ataturk and Hemingway. Suddenly, I am brought up sharply by a photograph from 1917 of two Ottoman Turkish soldiers. They stand in the desert – Palestine? Syria? Arabia? – in literal rags, sack-like hats above haunted faces, their trousers hanging in strips over their legs. Oddly, there appears to be an early propeller aircraft behind them. Were these the teenagers Lawrence fought against in the Arab revolt, the precursor to the typhoon now engulfing the Middle East?
And in a bookshop by the tram stop on Istiklal, I buy Andrew Mango's life of Ataturk, more than a decade old but with the freshness of original research on the founder of modern Turkey. Yes, there are the usual weasel words about Armenian massacres ("hotly disputed", of course) but also an extraordinary account of Mustafa Kemal's early military career, sneaking through Alexandria to fight for the anti-Italian Arab rebels of – well, here we go – Libya. And there are the familiar names. Tobruk. Benghazi. Zawiya. Enver Pasha, a far darker figure in Turkish history – just ask the Armenians – was Ottoman commander in Cyrenaica, besieging Italian forces in Benghazi, dedicated to unifying the tribes of the Senussi (yes, the very same Senussi who are hoping we will win their war for them against Gaddafi) against the Italians. The Senussis, by the way, were founded by an Algerian called Muhammad Ibn Ali al-Senussi who established themselves in Cyrenaica in 1843. The tribe's story, which ran up to King Idris (overthrown by a certain Colonel Gaddafi in 1969), is sharply outlined when Mango points out that "Muslim solidarity (in war) was effective when it complemented self-interest and the instinct of self-defence".
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
There are more paragraphs that might be read by the David Camerons of this world. There's a wonderful line in Mango's book in which they explain that "the Arabs had to be shown that the regenerated Ottoman state was capable of defending them", while Mustafa Kemal themselves says of the Libyan campaign that "at the time, I myself saw that it was hopeless". One hundred and 80 Ottomans and 8,000 Arabs were able to surround 15,000 Italians but "the Arab tribesmen came and went as the spirit moved them". The main concern of the sheikhs, Mustafa Kemal discovered, was to make as much money as possible – and that the longer the war lasted, the more money they got their hands on.
At one point, Enver Pasha sent a friend of the future Ataturk to a Senussi oasis (Calo). They later wrote: "In this blessed spot even three-year-old girls are not allowed out. Females live and die where they are born. Such is the local custom. Although in military camps there are both men and women, we have not been able to see a woman's face for the last three months, as they are all hidden behind heavy veils. We lead ascetic lives... If we go on from here, our next stop will surely be paradise." Strange, though, the tricks of history. Ottoman Turkey was to ally itself to Germany three years later – Ataturk would distinguish themselves at Gallipoli – and was then to crumble when Germany lost the war. Yet today, the grandchildren and great-grandchildren of those same Turks are vilified in present-day Germany for having too many children, speaking little German and surviving on welfare payments. And last year, Chancellor Merkel claimed that efforts to build a "multicultural" society had "utterly failed" in Germany, a statement supported by David Cameron, who knows as much about Turkish migrants as they do about Libyan history.
For in reality, this is false history. Germany never embarked on any kind of altruistic experiment in "multiculturalism". Turks came to Germany to do the work which Germans did not want to do. The Gastarbeiter were encouraged to go to Germany to provide cheap labour rather than to act as guests in some extraordinary social programme of inter-cultural advancement; just as the first black Britons arrived after the Second World War to help to rebuild Britain – not because we wanted to give them better homes. Ataturk, of course, wanted Turkey to be European as much as Merkel and Cameron would prefer the Turks all went back to the Ottoman Empire. Maybe, however, our masters in Europe (Sarkozy, just as much as Cameron) would do well to browse through a biography of Ataturk in these heady days. The Balkan war forced the Ottomans to abandon Cyrenaica and accept the Italian annexation of Libya.
Enver Pasha refused to accept this fact of history. They argued it was "dangerous to tell Arab tribesmen that peace had been concluded". The Senussis were thus handed over to the grim mercies of the Italians, whose post-Great War fascist regime would assault them for two decades. The parallels are not exact, of course. But it would be interesting to know – if Gaddafi stays limpet-like in Tripoli – how we are going to tell our faithful "rebels" around Benghazi that Nato has run out of puff and prefers peace to more war.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
A new patch has been released today for Nioh, the action RPG from developer Team Ninja that is a samurai era romp that fuses the gameplay of Ninja Gaiden with the Dark Souls series. This particular patch is more minor than past versions and addresses some critical bug fixes.
Nioh Patch 1.11
BUG FIXES
Fixed a bug that would cause searches in Online Multiplayer to occasionally stop yielding results.
Fixed a bug that prevented queued commands from working when using skills buffed by “Enlightenment” or “Awakening” multiple times in a row. Also shortened the delay when using multiple skills in a row.
Fixed a bug in which Visitors' skill items would not be replenished when the Host prays at a shrine.
Fixed a bug in which human enemies would sink into the ground during online play after being launched up by the Guardian Spirit “Daiba-Washi“.
Short, sweet and right to the point. Just how I like my patches. Nioh arrived on the scene this year as a surprise hit and has seen some recent DLC releases with more to come. Keep checking back with us for more!
Visit the Nioh Wiki
More on Nioh
Any final deal will come not by a group effort but in a deal between Obama and Boehner. Fiscal framework emerges
Listen to top Democrats and Republicans talk on camera, and it sounds like they could not be further apart on a year-end tax-and-spending deal — a down payment on a $4 trillion grand bargain.
But behind the scenes, top officials who have been involved in the talks for many months say the contours of a deal — including the size of tax hikes and spending cuts it will most likely contain — are starting to take shape.
Story Continued Below
( Also on POLITICO: Confident Obama sees path to fiscal cliff win)
Cut through the fog, and here's what to expect: Taxes will go up just shy of $1.2 trillion — the middle ground of what President Barack Obama wants and what Republicans say they could stomach. Entitlement programs, mainly Medicare, will be cut by no less than $400 billion — and perhaps a lot more, to get Republicans to swallow those tax hikes. There will be at least $1.2 trillion in spending cuts and “war savings.” And any final deal will come not by a group effort but in a private deal between two men: Obama and House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio). The two men had a 30-minute phone conversation Wednesday night — but the private lines of communications remain very much open.
No doubt, there will be lots of huffing and puffing before any deal can be had. And, no doubt, Obama and Congress could easily botch any or all three of the white-knuckle moments soon to hit this town: the automatic spending cuts and expiration of the Bush tax cuts, both of which kick in at the end of this year, and the federal debt limit that hits early next.
( Also on POLITICO: Can McConnell, Obama overcome bad blood?)
But it's clear to veterans of this budget fight a deal is there to be done. Here is the state of play that is sketched out by top officials in both parties:
The coming tax hike
There is no chance taxes are not going up for people making north of $250,000 — and virtually no chance that doesn't include their tax rates, too.
Republicans publicly say they are opposed to rate hikes — but privately they know they are going up, if not all the way to the Clinton-era 39.6 percent, then darn close.
The reason is simple math. Take a look at this list, and you will see that any tax loopholes worth closing won't get Obama or Republicans close to their targets.
To those involved in the talks, it's not really a mystery how big the overall hike will be. Boehner was for $800 billion before the election, and Obama slapped down an opening bid of $1.6 trillion after. So it doesn't take Ernst and Young to add those numbers, divide by two and know the president wants to end up close to $1.2 trillion.
( PHOTOS: Fiscal cliff's key players)
House Republicans, already worried about possible primary challenges in 2014, are pleading to keep that number below $1 trillion, even if it is by a hair. Still, they know it's likely to come in a shade higher. The safe bet is just over $1 trillion for the final number. A bit less, and that's a notable win for Boehner.
No United Kingdom national football team exists, as there are separate teams representing each of the nations of the United Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland) in international football.
These national teams compete in the FIFA World Cup and UEFA European Championships and other internationals. A United Kingdom team has played in friendly matches, though never in a full FIFA international and not since 1955. However, the United Kingdom has competed in the association football tournament at the Summer Olympic Games, where it is represented by the Great Britain Olympic football team.
Background [ edit ]
England
Scotland
Wales
Northern Ireland The four football federations of the United Kingdom:EnglandScotlandWalesNorthern Ireland
When the world's first football association, The Football Association (FA), was formed in 1863, its geographical remit was not clear: there was no specification of whether it covered just England, all of the United Kingdom, the British Empire or even the entire world. The question was answered when the Scottish Football Association (SFA) was founded in 1873.
The third national football association, the Football Association of Wales (FAW) was founded in 1876 and a fourth, the Irish Football Association (IFA), was founded in 1880. Football therefore developed with separate associations and national teams for each of the countries of the United Kingdom or "Home Nations".
Representative international matches between England and Scotland were played as far back as 1872, and the Home Nations formed the International Football Association Board (IFAB) in 1886 to co-ordinate matches between their teams. FIFA was formed by non-British associations in 1904, and by 1913 the Home Nations were in FIFA and FIFA was on the IFAB. In 1921, around the time of the partition of Ireland, the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) split from the IFA and disputed its authority.
In 1923, an agreement between the IFAB and FIFA meant the FAI would represent the Irish Free State and the IFA Northern Ireland; also, FIFA agreed that relationships between the Home Nations would be outside its remit.[1] England and Scotland separately played internationals against various European teams, but the Home Nations withdrew from FIFA in 1928, in a dispute over amateurism, and did not rejoin till 1946, missing the first three World Cups.
England have been the only Home Nation to have any major success internationally, winning the 1966 World Cup. Scotland have qualified for the final tournaments of eight World Cups and two European Championships, but have never progressed beyond the group stage of any international tournament. Northern Ireland have not qualified for a World Cup finals tournament since 1986, and Wales since 1958.
This is sometimes raised as an argument in favour of a single United Kingdom national team: based on statistical analysis. In June 2006, it was estimated that a United Kingdom national team would have had a one-third greater chance of winning the 2006 World Cup, than England did at the tournament's outset.[2] Opponents of the plan argue that the existing footballing identities of the fans of the Home Nations should not be sacrificed simply to stand a better chance of success.
There has been limited support for the creation of a permanent British national team. Although often hypothetical in nature, such a proposal has been put forward by prominent government ministers, including Jack Straw[3] and Tony Banks.[4] In July 2014, after England performed poorly in the 2014 World Cup, Conservative MP Laurence Robertson submitted an early day motion, calling for a United Kingdom Football Team.[5][6]
Matches [ edit ]
Great Britain (1947) Great Britain (1955) The kits worn in the two past matches:
• Scotland's blue in 1947.
• Northern Ireland's green in 1955.
Despite this, the Home Nations have previously united to play two friendly internationals against 'Rest of Europe' representative sides. On both occasions, they included all four Home Nations: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Despite Northern Ireland's participation, both matches were played under the name of 'Great Britain'.
10 May 1947; Hampden Park, Glasgow: Great Britain 6–1 Rest of Europe
13 August 1955; Windsor Park, Belfast: Great Britain 1–4 Rest of Europe
1947: the Match of the Century [ edit ]
The 1947 game, dubbed the 'Match of the Century', was played to celebrate the return of the Home Nations to FIFA, which they had left in 1920.[8] For the match, played at Scotland's Hampden Park in front of 135,000 spectators, the Great Britain side wore a navy blue strip in honour of the host association. The gate receipts, totalling £35,000, helped boost the finances of FIFA, which had been damaged by the lack of competition during World War II.[8] On that occasion, the Great Britain team consisted of:
Goals: UK 1–0 ROE, Mannion 22nd minute; 1–1 Nordahl 24; 2–1 Mannion 33 pen.; 3–1 Steel 35; 4–1 Lawton 37; 5–1 Parola 74 o.g.; 6–1 Lawton 82.[10]
1955: Irish FA's anniversary [ edit ]
The 1955 game was played to celebrate the Irish Football Association's seventy-fifth anniversary. For this reason, the match was held at Belfast's Windsor Park, and the British team took to the field wearing Northern Ireland's green strip. The Great Britain team fielded comprised:
Other matches [ edit ]
Two other games were played between Wales and a team representing the rest of the United Kingdom, with players from England, Scotland, and Northern Ireland. The first match, in 1951, commemorated the seventy-fifth anniversary of the Football Association of Wales. The second match, in 1969, commemorated the investiture of the Prince of Wales. In both cases, the England, Scotland and Northern Ireland select team played under the name of 'Rest of the United Kingdom'.
3 December 1951; Ninian Park, Cardiff: Wales 3–2 Rest of the United Kingdom
21 July 1969; Ninian Park, Cardiff: Wales 0–1 Rest of the United Kingdom
There was also a match played at Wembley in 1973 to commemorate the entry of the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark into the European Economic Community.[11] This match, called "The Three" v "The Six", involved a select team from those three countries playing against a selection of players from the original six members of the EEC: West Germany, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, France and Italy.[11]
Ten of the thirteen players used by "The Three" were from the United Kingdom, with only Johnny Giles and two Danish players representing the other two countries.[11] Henning Jensen and Colin Stein scored as The Three won 2–0.[11]
A Great British team lined up against another Rest of Europe XI in 1965 for Stanley Matthews' testimonial. Europe won 6–4.[12] A Scotland XI team played a Rest of Great Britain team in a testimonial match for Alan Mullery. Scotland were defeated 3–2 at Craven Cottage on 22 March 1976.[13][14]
Olympic team [ edit ]
From the 1904 Summer Olympics to the 1972 Summer Olympics, and again for the 2012 Summer Olympics, the UK has competed in either the Olympic football tournament or its qualifying competition.[15] During the first tournament, played as a demonstration sport at the 1900 Summer Olympics but retrospectively accredited by the IOC, Upton Park F.C. represented the UK and won gold. Following this Great Britain won gold medals at the 1908 and 1912 Games.[16][17]
All 'Great Britain' Olympic football teams were organised by The Football Association (FA) with the acquiescence of the other Home Nations' football associations, and after the FA scrapped the distinction between professional and amateur players in 1974, no more British Olympic teams were entered.
Although professional players were allowed into the Olympics from 1992, no British teams were entered because the individual home nations, rather than a unified team, participated in the qualifying competition.
The 2012 Summer Olympics were hosted by London, which meant that Great Britain qualified as right of being host nation. After much discussion between the Home Nations and opposition from the Northern Irish, Scottish and Welsh associations, men's and women's teams organised by the (English) FA were entered to the 2012 Olympics.[18][19]
Universiade team [ edit ]
At the Universiade, the United Kingdom team has won three medals: two silver medals in 2011 and 2013 and a bronze medal in 1991.
A TOUGH training session on Saturday will form part of Geelong captain Joel Selwood's recovery as they bid to return from left ankle surgery for the Cats' qualifying final against Richmond on Friday week.
Selwood, 29, suffered an ankle syndesmosis injury against Sydney in round 20 and is aiming to make a miraculous comeback for the MCG blockbuster.
The hard nut said they had been running "for a little bit" and felt "comfortable".
"The boys will have match sim on the weekend. I don't think I'll be part of that but I'll be off to the side doing a fair bit of work that's pretty similar to it," Selwood said.
Players bidding to rush their returns for finals have sometimes resorted to desperate measures, but Selwood said that's not the case for him.
"There's no calves blood or anything, like Max Rooke did (in 2007). It's all been pretty natural," they said.
Last year, Western Bulldogs onballer Tom Liberatore provided the blueprint for Selwood when they returned from the same surgery with just an extra week's recovery.
Selwood didn't have concerns about longer-term ramifications if they returned sooner than expected.
"I'm pretty confident that the surgery that I've had done will have no ill-effect on what's to come in the future," Selwood said.
The start of the recovery provided a challenge but it has been on track since.
"I felt like I was in the Big Brother house for a little while, just making sure that infection stayed away. Stayed at home, got back to the footy club the second week and from there onwards, it's sort of just been a daily grind of just making sure that I'm feeling good," Selwood said.
[digg-reddit-me]Back when California's looming bankruptcy was in the news, George Will wrote:
California's perennial boast — that it is the incubator of America's future — now has an increasingly dark urgency…California has become liberalism's laboratory, in which the case for fiscal conservatism is being confirmed.
Will may be right about fiscal conservatism – but he's wrong in laying the blame for California's problems on liberalism. The fault in California, like the fault in America, is deeper – a refusal by the Baby Boom generation to make tough choices to create a sustainable world, economy, or government. Bill Maher summarized California's trap best:
We govern by ballot initiative – and we only write two kinds of those: spend money on things I like and don't raise my taxes.
California's initiative system aggravated a tendency that has been dominant in American politics for some time now. The problem with California – and America – is a combination of two factors:
a kind of accidental unholy alliance between liberals who push for more government spending to alleviate poverty and better the nation and conservatives who want to cut taxes – with neither group having the power nor political will to be fiscally responsible at the same time as they push for their pet projects the deliberate plan of the right-wingers who want to “starve the beast” – by which they mean encouraging the irresponsible system above of increasing spending while cutting taxes (and these right-wingers do this knowing that the system is unsustainable and will crash, which is the only way they see to get rid of popular programs.)
This is a story of the cowardice of politicians and the idiocy of people.
This idiocy – in almost all of its forms – can be traced to the ascent of the Baby Boom generation as they took power with the Reagan administration. By increasing spending exponentially while cutting taxes – creating enormous deficits – Reagan supercharged (stimulated) the economy out of the stagflation of the 1970s. At the same time, they began the American government's practice of becoming dependent on East Asia – relying on Japan to lend vast amounts of its money as our trade deficit with them grew. Reagan also began the trend of deregulation of industries – allowing them to take greater risks and reap greater profits if they succeeded – which also allowed companies to kick off a merger boom, leading more and more companies becoming too big to fail while they were regulated less and less. All of these steps led to an economy focused more on finance than industry – leading, along with factors due to globalization, to America's industrial decline. The dominance of the financial sector in the economy, which is well known for its boom and bust cycle, led to a series of economic bubbles – and in fact, an economy in which growth was maintained through bubbles rather than real worth.
Beginning with Reagan, president after president stimulated the economy constantly – to avoid having to take the fall. But this system was unsustainable. As the Baby Boomers “surfed on a growing wave of debt” – both public and private – they sought to use debt to meet their rising expectations in the absence of creating real value. This was the generational bargain at the heart of the Reagan presidency – a bargain that allowed America to spend the Soviet Union into the ground and jumpstart the economy from the stagflation of the 1970s – but that, unchecked, thirty years later, now threatens our future.
The Baby Boomers pissed away the prosperity their parents bequeathed them and squandered the opportunities presented to them – and now are busy using their children's future earnings (our future earnings) to buy their way out of the mess they have created. They avoided the challenges of their times and found people to blame. They focused on OJ Simpson, Britney Spears, Madonna, and Monica Lewinsky – on abortion, Vietnam, gays, and religion – and not on global warming, on campaign finance, on the corruption of our political process, on an overleveraged economy.
After decades of avoiding systematic problems – as the solutions became embroiled in the ongoing culture war – we now must face them. With two wars in the Mid-East, a failing world economy, a growing threat of catastrophic terrorism, and whatever else may come our way, procrastination is impossible. Now it's time for us to try to salvage this wreck. It remains to be seen if we're up to it.
David Brooks explained this grave situation facing Obama and the difficult tasks ahead (focusing especially on the growing deficit). Brooks concludes with reasons for hope and despair:
The members of the Obama administration fully understand this and are brimming with good ideas about how to move from a bubble economy to an investment economy. Finding a political strategy to accomplish this, however, is proving to be very difficult. And getting Congress to move in this direction might be impossible.
Your cards do not improve if you complain about the hand you have been dealt. But it is essential to understand how we got here. We also must not be complacent now that a leader who we admire has been given power. Individuals are empowered to a greater extent than ever before in history – for good or ill. Which is why it is never enough to get the right man or woman into public office – even if this is a useful initial step. What we must do – as individuals – is to see the world around us clearly and take steps to effect what changes we can, to live the values we hold in our hearts, to reach out to those affected by our actions.
[Image by orangejack licensed under Creative Commons.]
Like this: Like Loading...
Adrian Heath is holding court at their weekly pre-match press conference, and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars.
Might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry American fans? The well-travelled former Everton and Manchester City midfielder – now manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City – responds with good humour.
'Well, soccer's being doing quite well for about 150 years now and if you look at the amount of people who play and watch it's still doing quite well, so I don't really see a need,' they reply with a patient smile.
Scroll down for video
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City
Such inquiries are actually becoming fewer and further between, as the world game and the huge US market get better acquainted with each other.
Heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process at first hand, going from the backwoods of the USL to the major leagues that Orlando have been elevated to this season.
The years have not dimmed Heath's impish enthusiasm and, now 53, they speak of the game's expansion with an almost missionary zeal. Perched in the morning sunshine on a bench at City's pristine training facility they talk about the upside of salary caps, what Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard can expect, the humility of their star signing Kaka and their hopes of an eventual rivalry with David Beckham's troubled Miami project.
Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at Liverpool
Midfielder Frank Lampard has signed a two-year contract with New York City
The asupervisorstioned names' imminent arrival is just one reason why the MLS is achieving a greater resonance on the other side of the Atlantic.
' I think English people are fascinated with America,' says Heath. ' You see the baseball, American football and basketball and wonder whether football can take off here. I'm glad to say I think the only question is how big it becomes.
'Perhaps we have slowly had to educate some of the media. One of the things that has kept football down a bit is that some of the high profile media haven't known the sport, and maybe some people are scared of it. They guard their own sports quite carefully.'
Heath's Stateside adventure began in the unlikely setting of a pub in their native Newcastle Under Lyme, where they bumped into Stoke City director Phil Rawlins.
Kaka is playing out the final days of a distinguished career on the doorstep of Disney World
'He was looking to invest in soccer over here and I had just lost my job at Coventry. I'd been with Coventry to Portland that year for a pre-season friendly and there were 15,000 people there. I thought the game was taking off and so I thought I'd try and get in early.
'I started off at the bottom in the USL in Austin, Texas. Sometimes there were less than 1,000 people in the ground, not great facilities, a lot of college kids, but you could see the game growing.
'Now you look at Seattle Sounders and they would be not that far from Man United and Arsenal in average gates, getting 45,000 per game.'
Their belief that in ten years the MLS will be world's 'third or fourth biggest league' is fuelled by their daily influx of emails: ' I only have to open my inbox every day to see how many people want to come out here. All the time agents are offering me players who are going to be out of contract in two years' time, big international players who will may be be 29 then.'
Orlando midfielder Kaka has the highest salary in MLS history
While Beckham is still looking for a ground in Miami – last month they made an unusually low profile visit in further efforts to resolve the issue – Orlando sold out their opening game last month at the temporary home of the Citrus Bowl.
'We got 62,000 our first game. That will not be sustained but we are building a 21,000 seater stadia with the capability of going up to 28,000 and we will fill that.'
It helps to have Kaka as the club's marquee signing, a superstar in name but evidently not in behaviour, as Heath quickly discovered: 'We went on pre-season to Charleston and we hired a few vans to transport everyone around. They volunteered to drive one of them and then would wait around for the kids who are straggling and the last to leave, to make sure they're not left behind. He's a remarkable person.'
They know what an impact the involvement of Beckham could also have if they can sort problems out 250 miles south, and admits a vested interest:' I think they have faced an uphill battle on the back of what happened with the baseball there. The city invested millions into the Marlins and they weren't happy with how it worked out with the owner.
Midfielder Heath scored 71 goals in 226 games for Everton
'There's nobody at this club that doesn't want to see David get it off the ground in Miami. Rivalry makes sports, and we could get that going with Miami and maybe Atlanta, which is also a few hours up the road.
' I think David will do it there, it's very difficult for a city to turn down a major league sport over here with all that it brings. One of things that has helped in Orlando is that it's a young city and they want to show it has a lot more to offer than Disney. The city has united behind this.'
Gerrard and Lampard will be coming sooner and, they say, there will be a few culture shocks. ' They will have to get used to the travel for an away game. Six hour flights leaving on Thursday and not arriving back until Sunday night. The time difference, sleep patterns.
'I think they'll be impressed with the athleticism in the league. Six years ago coming here in your mid thirties you could get away with coasting but those days are gone. Frank will be fine and so will Steven because they've got great football brains.'
Heath helped Everton lift eight trophies during their six years at Goodison Park
And they will find a much more level playing field.'The great thing about the MLS is because of the salary cap there is parity and you don't know who is going to win the league. The Premier League is exciting in many ways but you know only three or four teams can win it.
' Nobody is more patriotic than me and I'm very proud to have played for the likes of Everton and Man City. But the thought that Everton might never win another trophy doesn't sit well with me. They were level five years ago with Man City. It's unthinkable that Everton might not win anything again.'
Heath is that rare bird in English football, the traveller, having also spent a season at Espanyol as a player. It has made them a better coach, although they admit their Spanish excursion was not about self-improvement.
'I earned more money going to Spain, one of the reasons we don't export any more from England is that we are the gravy train. If you want to earn a lot of money you stay in England. If you go back to the likes of me, Mark Hateley, Glenn Hoddle, Michael Robinson, the truth is we all went for more money. But it does help you learn.'
Now they are doing something very unusual, having to effectively build a team from scratch after Orlando's 'promotion', working all the time within the salary cap. They currently lie third in the Eastern Conference after six games.
'The bottom line is we have got just under 4 million pounds to work with for 28 players (one of them is their son Harrison). You get three of them outside the wage cap but they count as 400 each against it so there is a lot of juggling.'
Heath never gets homesick, and there is a constant flow of football people passing through from England, usually taking their children to Disneyland.
Andre Taggart, the U.S. Marine who alerted the FBI when they moved into a house they rented from Imran Awan only to find a garage full of "smashed hard drives", has decided to reveal their identity in a stinging, at least for Debbie Wasserman Schultz, new interview with the Daily Caller.
Taggart, a black U.S. Marine who says they typically vote Democrat, is apparently fed up with Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Islamophobia smoke screen which they view as just a dishonest attempt to shield the Awans from their crimes. In their epic rant to the Daily Caller, Taggart says the whole thing just "pisses me off" and that he's "absolutely disgusted with everything going on in the country right now."
“It pisses me off,” said Taggart, a black Marine who says they vote Democrat. They believe Wasserman Schultz is crying wolf and devaluing the meaning of genuine discrimination, while also exposing themselves and the nation to risks. “I just want to get these [guys] locked up and exposed and now,” Taggart told TheDCNF. “The people who facilitated them should also be locked up, as far as I'm concerned.” Taggart said they made the decision to no longer be anonymous because they are concerned that their fellow Democrats are making a grave mistake by ignoring a scandal with serious criminal and national security implications. “I'm absolutely disgusted with everything going on in the country right now, mostly because of right-wing conservatives, but with respect to this situation, political affiliation is irrelevant,” Taggart said. “Him, their wife, their brother, all working down there — there's no way they could do this without help. If we can drag Trump and their wingnuts through the mud for the Russia influence that they are having, then it's only fair that we also expose this s–t,” Taggart said.
As we noted a few weeks ago, Taggart first discovered Awan's smashed hard drives after they rented a house in Lorton, Va. that belonged to them. Upon moving in, the Marine found a trove of abandoned computer equipment in the garage, much of which had been destroyed, and called the FBI to take a look.
One of the new tenants — a Marine Corps veteran married to a female Navy Officer — said they found “wireless routers, hard drives that look like they tried to destroy, laptops, [and] a lot of brands new expensive toner.” The tenants called the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and, not long after, FBI agents arrived together with the Capitol Police to interview them and confiscate the equipment. The Marine spoke on condition of anonymity because of concerns for their wife's naval career, saying they don't want to be associated with a national security incident. “It was in the garage. They recycled cabinets and lined them along the walls. They left in a huge hurry,” the Marine said. “It looks like government-issued equipment. We turned that stuff over.”
Of course, Wasserman Schultz has rejected concerns about Imran as “absurd” and “laughable,” even though they had access to all of their congressional emails and files, as well as their iPad password, is suspected by police of cybersecurity violations, and had long been accused of defrauding people for financial gain. Meanwhile, they have maintained all along that Awan is being “persecuted” by the Capitol Police and FBI and even went so far as to threaten the Capital Police Chief earlier this summer.
As we noted earlier this week (see: Former U.S. Attorney On Awan Indictment: "There Is Something Very Strange Going On Here"), Imran Awan and their wife have indicted by a grand jury on 4 counts of fraud but speculation continues to swirl over whether additional charges are forthcoming. In addition to allegations of blackmail and theft of taxpayer-funded IT equipment, the Daily Caller suggests the Awans may have been running a "ghost employee" scam.
Evidence suggests that the Awans were running a ghost employee scheme, collecting $6 million in salaries from taxpayers even though only a few of the six people on the House payroll actually performed IT work. Congressional offices signed off on those time-sheets for unknown reasons. Imran Awan's brother Abid operated a Virginia car dealership while being paid $160,000 annually working for multiple House Democrats. The dealership received $100,000 from an Iranian fugitive linked to Hezbollah, according to court records. Amjad Khan, a former business partner, told the Daily Mail that “[Abid] would just go in [to the Hill] a couple times a week for a couple of hours, just to show their face. On paper, I think [Abid and Imran] were both working, but in reality only one was working, the other was running the [car] business.” Khan added that “when they would go to D.C., [Abid] would spend $3,000 or $4,000 a night.”
But again, we're sure it's nothing...frankly, we're just excited that the Washington Post's investigation was able to figure out exactly where Stever Mnuchin viewed the solar eclipse...because that fact was just absolutely critical to maintain a properly functioning democracy.
10 Amazing Google Earth and Maps Discoveries
Today, it's easy to be an explorer — all you need is a computer, access to satellite technology and a sense of adventure. Google makes it even simpler with Google Earth and Google Maps, letting you travel virtually to any place in the world with just a click of your mouse.
Even though the average person can use these services to explore the planet, researchers and other scientific professionals use Google Earth and Google Maps as preliminary tools to analyze areas around the globe, uncovering some pretty amazing things we've never seen before.
Rebecca Moore, engineering manager of Google Earth Outreach, recently spoke at Mashable's 2012 Social Good Summit about the power of these tools, which include 80 million kilometers of road data, 3D terrains and 20 petabytes of satellite imagery.
"There's a very interesting experiment going on right now," they said. "What happens when you put in the hands of the world, for free, the most accurate, comprehensive, detailed, realistic replica of the planet that has ever existed?"
The answer is manyfold, but one thing's for sure — the discoveries are limitless.
Check out the gallery for some truly awe-inspiring discoveries that researchers, archaelogists and satellite explorers have made throughout the past decade.
Thumbnail image courtesy of Google, YouTube video.
Over the past two days, the Internet has been blowing up with celebrity reaction to Kim Kardashian nude photos in the winter 2014 issue of Paper Magazine.
As previously documented, Naya Rivera thinks Kardashian is a mother who should be ashamed of herself.
Michelle Beadle has referred to the reality star as a “greasy, giant poo-maker” and Chelsea Handler has challenged Kim to a Battle of the Buttocks.
But Alyssa Milano has a different take on the naked situation.
"Wait! I don't get it," Milano Tweeted in response to the Paper pictorial. "No disrespect to Kim but... people are offended by my breastfeeding selfies & are fine with their (amazing) booty cover?"
Over the past few weeks, the actor has posted a pair of breastfeeding pictures, giving fans a look at them providing their young daughter with nutrients.
And, as sadly expected, she's received a lot of backlash from critics who think these photos are totally inappropriate to share online
Nevermind the fact that KIM KARDASHIAN JUST SHOWED THE WORLD Them UNSHAVEN VAGINA.
But Milano wants everyone to know they have no problem at all with Kim, just with the way folks have reacted to their intimate images versus those of Kardashian.
"It really is an unbelievable ass," the former Mistresses star added of Kim's booty.
That isn't in dispute. Even if Paper Editorial Director Mickey Boardman admits the Kardashian images were Photoshopped. Surprise!
The first England squad of Sam Allardyce's reign is named on Sunday and whatever you think of Andre Gray – whether you have decided they have all the personal charm of head lice, or you would rather take a more sympathetic view – we can probably assume that if they were ever being considered as an outside choice, or a possible back-up player, a cross has temporarily gone through theirs name.
It isn't ludicrous, though, to think that Gray will eventually become part of the Allardyce era if they can maintain the forward momentum of their career.
Andre Gray's FA charge sheet grows with 2014 ‘I hate lightys' tweet Read more
Gray was the most prolific scorer in last season's Championship, scoring 23 times to help bring top-division football back to Burnley. Another nine came in pre-season and the goal against Liverpool last weekend indicates they are not going to have too much difficulty adjusting to the higher league.
Perhaps there might even be a day when they and Jamie Vardy are part of the same national team and can reminisce about that time, in April 2012, when they faced each other for Luton Town against Fleetwood Town in the Conference Premier.
By now, however, you are probably aware of Gray's internet history and the kind of story that makes you long for more innocent days when tweeting was for sparrows, trolls lived in caves in fairytales and football clubs didn't have to worry about the damage that could be caused by players having smartphones that, evidently, were a lot smarter than their owners. Or, as Mick McCarthy once put it, “twits who tweet”.
There is no point going through all the content but the most glaring example contains a level of hashtag hate — “Is it me or are there gays everywhere? #Burn #Die #MakesMeSick” — that clearly goes beyond the usual hurling of online abuse and, unfortunately for Gray, a lot of people might think it doesn't wash to offer a template apology, professing to be a changed man, and trotting out the standard lines that defence lawyers use in court when they are trying to get their clients a reduced sentence.
Even ignoring for one moment the pitchfork homophobia, Gray comes across as a difficult man to embrace. “Fumin,” they write. “Stuck in traffic cause some sad weak fool decided to get themselves run over on the motorway. #NoSympathy.” There are memories of school (“Ma teacher told me a was a piece of shit.. saw them the other day driving a piece of shit”), a declaration of allegiance to Arsenal (“I hate Theo Walcott”) and various other 140-character missives that go against them before we get to the ones that have come to the attention of the FA's disciplinary department.
It might get even worse for Gray now it also turns out the charge sheet, covering an eight-week period from 9 January 2012, has been extended to include another tweet – beginning with the declaration “I hate lightys!”–from July 2014, shortly after they had signed for Brentford from Luton. A “lighty” is slang, often regarded as offensive, to describe a light-skinned person of mixed race. If you think back to Rio Ferdinand's disciplinary case for retweeting someone who had described Ashley Cole as a “choc-ice” (meaning black on the outside, white on the inside) it is probably safe to assume Gray needs a good lawyer.
Is it fair for Burnley to be punished for something that happened in the past and completely out of their control? Not in the slightest and it is easy to understand why the relevant people at Turf Moor are struggling to understand how the FA can punish tweets going back over four and a half years, starting when Gray was at Hinckley United, yet look the other way when it comes to the night Vardy took exception to the presence of a Japanese man at their local casino.
In mitigation, there is also quite a bit of background to take into account in Gray's case and it is a shame, perhaps, that they did not offer more context in their statement asking for forgiveness and pointing out “thankfully I am not the guy I was back then”.
That scar running diagonally from their left ear and all the way across their cheek is the legacy of being slashed with a knife in a street fight in Wolverhampton, around Christmas 2011. The most offensive tweets started a couple of weeks later and if Gray seemed angry with the world that was because they probably are. Gray's autobiography would certainly not be the average footballer's story. They grew up without a dad and, at 13, lost the grandfather, Terry, who had taken on the role of a father figure. After that, it was a story of gangs, violence and the kind of lifestyle most of us can barely contemplate. Some of the people they knocked around with have ended up dead and it was football, more than anything, that helped them come out the other side. So, yes, maybe they are a better human being at 25 than they were at 21. Maybe we can take it at face value and Gray, in 2016, is not the hate-filled individual they were in 2012.
Unfortunately for the sport as a whole, it is more easy pickings for those armchair columnists who like to lament the elastic principles in Gray's profession compared to those of the people we saw competing in the Olympics. It actually works both ways – there are things football can learn from other sports, and vice versa – but Gray's tweets, historic or not, certainly go against the image the game likes to portray these days and it is not always easy knowing whether Robbie Rogers, formerly of Leeds United, coming out as gay in 2013 has changed everything as much as many people thought.
It certainly did not feel that way, visiting one Premier League club recently, when the various community assignments were being shared out and seeing the horror of one of the squad – a high-profile player – when their name was put alongside an LGBT event. “I can't do it,” they said, as if someone had just asked them to bungee-jump off the top of a cliff. There was an attempt to talk them round – “It's anti‑discrimination, not pro-homosexuality” – but they looked terrified. To say they froze would be an understatement and, despite one more go to persuade them it didn't mean dressing up as one of the Village People, it soon became obvious it might be better all round to designate somebody else.
It says something that the number of complaints to Kick it Out about homophobic abuse has actually gone up, not down, over three-fold in the last three seasons and you might have heard what happened last weekend when Rogers, playing for LA Galaxy II against Orange County Blues, claimed an opposition player had repeatedly called them a queer.
The player in question? Richard Chaplow, Accrington-born and previously of Burnley, West Brom, Preston North End, Southampton, Millwall and Doncaster Rovers. Chaplow denied the accusation but admitted swearing and was suspended for two matches when a proven case would apparently have meant three. All of which makes an interesting comparison when on the same day Hope Solo, the USA women's team goalkeeper, was banned for six months and their contract was terminated because they had complained about Sweden's defensive tactics in the Olympics and described them as a “bunch of cowards”.
For Gray, the damage will be twofold. In football, it has always been easier getting a bad name than losing one and, if they are indeed a changed man, it isn't going to be a pleasant experience being tarnished by something they had probably long forgotten about. First, though, there is the likelihood of a long ban – Gray must respond to the charge by Wednesday evening – and it wouldn't hurt if they made efforts in that time to show the world they are sorry, stand up in front of the cameras and explain in detail how they have changed and why we should believe him. Much better that way than being a twit who tweets.
Wenger and Levy plans don't add up
For two clubs who would like us to believe they have high ambitions, it has not been easy understanding the transfer-market movements of Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur over the last few days.
That was certainly a curious move, first of all, from Arsène Wenger, having made it clear all summer that they would not be pressured into spending, to go in for Lucas Pérez from Deportivo La Coruña when this is a striker who has been on the market all summer without Arsenal thinking it warranted triggering their £17m buyout clause.
Leicester City were the first club to explore a potential move earlier in the summer on the say-so of Steve Walsh, their head of recruitment. Everton thought they had a transfer lined up when Walsh subsequently moved to Goodison and Wenger might have to understand the allegations of panic buying when, three weekends into the new season, Arsenal suddenly ambush the deal.
Even more perplexing is why Tottenham left it so late to move for Wilfried Zaha if they were serious about trying to prise them away from Crystal Palace. After nothing all summer, was it sensible to wait until Yannick Bolasie had completed their move to Everton before putting in the call?
Palace has just lost one of their better attacking players. They can hardly be blamed for not wanting another to go, especially with so little time to find a replacement before Wednesday's deadline.
As for offering £12m, did the Spurs chairperson, Daniel Levy, seriously think that might clinch a deal in today's inflated market? Bolasie went for £25m and Zaha, at 23, is four years younger and therefore a more valuable asset.
Levy likes to think they operate by their own rules but it does make me wonder whether this is the best example yet of what they call “pragmatic player trading” now the club have a new stadium to finance – or, to put it another way, trying to do everything on the cheap.
Sunderland is in Allardyce's debt
Ahead of the first international break of the season, I wonder if Sunderland's chairperson, Ellis Short, and the club's media department might acknowledge now that it was all rather petty and unbecoming to announce Sam Allardyce had taken the England job in a clipped 49-word statement that did not wish them well or express any gratitude for the feat of escapology that kept them in the Premier League.
When David Moyes subsequently took over at Sunderland, it was intriguing as well to see Short's eulogy for the new manager and the clear message that they would rather have had them than Allardyce in the first place. Moyes, they said, was “my No1 managerial target for the last five appointments, but their desire to honour existing contracts meant we were not able to bring them to Sunderland previously”.
One problem: Paolo Di Canio was sacked by Sunderland on 23 September 2013 and replaced a couple of weeks later by Gus Poyet. Do Sunderland really want us to believe their top target was a man three months into a six-year contract as Manchester United manager?
It's been a while, we've missed it, but we're back in the VMSL groove, taking in a couple of last weekend's matches in both the league and the cup.
This is our first VMSL update since the start of December, as the snowpocalypse and our trip to the UK for the ‘Caps preseason took its toll. The snow's really hit the VMSL schedule hard.
The league season should be over by now, with a focus on the Imperial and Division 2 cups ahead of April's Provincial Cup draw. But now the league are facing a massive fixture backlog to try and get the season done and dusted, and with more snow still in the forecast, this won't be an easy task to sort out, with clubs likely having to play two, and maybe even three, matches a week.
But it was all systems go last weekend, with a full slate of games in both the league and the cups.
Looking at the league action first, the big story came in the VMSL Premier Division where defending champs Coquitlam Metro Ford Wolves lost their unbeaten record at the hands of last season's runners-up, and the team that beat them in the Provincial Cup final, Pegasus FC. The horsemen ran out 1-0 winners in Surrey on Friday night, continuing a fine run of form that has seen them close the gap at the top to just five points on the previous runaway leaders.
It should be noted that Coquitlam do have a game in hand, and it's a very tall order for Pegasus to rein them in, but it's certainly got a lot more interesting than it was a few weeks ago and the Surrey side certainly seem to have the leaders number.
Pegasus have really started to hit their groove in recent games and are now unbeaten in five matches, having given up just one goal, and the top two are set to meet again in Coquitlam on March 14th. Should be a cracker!
ICSF Columbus and North Delta SC remain well adrift at the bottom of the division and look to be heading down.
In Division 1, Rino's Tigers look unstoppable now in their march back to the Premier, beating Campo Atletico 6-2 and Binger's Army 5-0 in the space of three days last week. That's 17 goals in their last three matches and it's given them an eight point lead at the top of the table, with a goal difference of plus 21.
There could still be a battle for top spot, with second placed NVFC Norvan Lions having two games in hand, but it's hard to see past the Tigers at this point. Two teams go up, so it's still all to play for with the chasing pack. Just a point to note that if Tigers win promotion, neither Rino's Fury nor Rino's Vancouver can take the second promotion place as part of the same organisation.
We took in the top of the table battle at Empire Fields on Saturday afternoon between Division 2A front runners 13th Legion and previous leaders Burnaby Metro Athletic. We're just hoping these two meet in the Provincial B Cup final as we've enjoyed both their battles so far this season.
The Burnaby side had regaining top spot firmly in their sights, and led twice before the Legion stormed back to claim a share of the spoils in a 2-2 draw, with their first goal a long range screamer.
Burnaby Metro were disappointed to take just a point from the game and it's still very much a four horse race in the division with Sarajevo FC and Snipers FC. How the games in hand play out looks to be key here.
There's also a four, arguably five, horse race in Division 2B. It was cup time for most of the teams this past weekend, but leaders Shaheen played out a 1-1 draw at home to Vancouver Greencaps on Sunday afternoon to take a narrow one point lead at the top from Burnaby Selects White Eagles.
In Division 3, Royal City SC lead the way in pool A by three points from Westside FC Juniors and America FC. Cliff Senior Cobra top pool B by two points from Bosna SC, with a game in hand, while Coquitlam Metro Ford Lupi remain unbeaten in pool C, with a massive ten point lead over Strathcona United, having only conceded seven goals all season.
The Imperial Cup and Division 2 Cup draws have been disrupted this month but are slowly getting back on track after taking precedence over the league action with VMSL All Cups Day coming up thick and fast on April 1st.
There were six First Round (Preliminary Round my arse) ties played this past weekend, with the action getting underway on Friday night as ten-man Campo Atletico needed penalty kicks to get past FC Romania at Trillium after the game finished 2-2 after 120 minutes.
That win sets up the tie of the Second Round. The game everyone wanted to see. Well every one of us on the Take The Piss forum anyway. The plucky underdogs of Coquitlam Metro Ford Wolves will be trying to keep their hands on the trophy against the best team in BC, and reigning Provincial B Cup champs, Campo.
Only one will prevail and you can take in all the action on Friday night at Coquitlam Town Centre, kick off 8pm. BC Place must have been booked that night.
We took in Sunday's First Round tie between Rino's Fury and Pacific United on the Point Grey turf. A battle between Division 1 and Premier. We fancied a shock was on the card, but the VMSL Premier side ran out comfortable 3-0 winners.
United dominated the early going but only had a 37th minute goal to show for it. They added a second after the break, but the Fury had their own chances, which they squandered, and you had a feeling that if Rino's could have pulled a goal back they could have had a shot at the upset, with the visitors not having any subs to call upon if the tempo was upped.
As it was, Pacific added a third and were worthy winners, having also rattled the woodwork a couple of times. Their reward is the short trip to face Pegasus in Surrey on Friday night.
In the other First Round ties, Club Inter romped to a 4-1 win over EDC Burnaby and Westside beat North Delta 3-2 in two all-Premier clashes, whilst Rino's Vancouver won 2-0 at GN Sporting Club and NVFC Norvan Lions advanced when CCB Guildford forfeited their game in two all-Division 1 matches.
You can find the draw for this week's Second Round matches, with venues and kick off times, HERE. Aside from the CMF-Campo clash, Rovers Tigers United hosting Rino's Tigers at Surrey on Friday night is the other tie of the round. Should be a cracker and a possible upset. Tigers for the win.
There were some weird happenings in the Division 2 Cup, but it's been something of a weird season all round.
The Cup kicked off on February 1st when Strathcona United hammered B United 9-0. It was 16 days before another First Round tie was played!
Strathcona then received a bye into the Third Round. They were awaiting the winner of West Coast Saints and America FC in the Round of 32, but that game was abandoned after 77 minutes on Saturday. The match was tied at 2-2 before a mass brawl involving more than a dozen players saw the referee call an end to proceedings and both teams subsequently kicked out of the competition!
It's been a running joke at Provincial Cup time that we jinx our friends at Rino's Fury, with a spate of first round exits to show for it. That curse was clearly broken last season when the Fury made a run to the final, but with no Provincial Cup action for the team this season after promotion, we thought we'd jinx them in another Cup instead.
So not content with ruining their match against Pacific United in the Imperial Cup on Sunday, we saw their B team crash out of the Division 2 Cup on Saturday, after a 5-1 trouncing by Vancouver United at Empire.
To be fair, we were there to actually watch the 13th Legion/Burnaby Metro game, but still….
Not really sure that there was much jinxing involved as the Fury B's were never at the (Hasting) races in this one, looking disinterested and a step behind United, who were 5-0 up before Rino's pulled one back late.
It should have been six too but for a horrendous miss of an open goal late on, which led the guy who played in the cross to yell “are you fucking kidding me?” at the unfortunate striker!
Division 2 Vancouver United now host Division 3 France FC at Empire on Saturday afternoon, with a 2pm kick off. The other game at Empire at that time on Saturday should be a cracker. It's a battle between Division 2A leaders 13th Legion and second placed 2B side Burnaby Select White Eagles, after the Eagles won 4-2 at Sea to Sky FC last night.
The big shock of the First Round came at Point Grey on Saturday afternoon. Joga Bonito, winless all season and bottom of Division 3A, stunned Division 2 side Harps with a 4-3 win.
You can find all of the results and the fixtures for this weekend's second round matches HERE.
If the weather holds up, well worth getting out to some of these games. We hope to be at a couple and will bring you all the details next week.
View Caption Hide Caption
Weed is more popular among Florida voters than Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Marco Rubio or Patrick Murphy, according to a new poll from the Florida Chamber of Commerce.
The poll found 73 percent support for Amendment 2. None of the candidates for president or U.S. Senate cracked 50 percent.
Meanwhile, People United for Medical Marijuana has raised $4 million for its push to legalize pot for people with “debilitating” medical conditions. Much of that comes from personal injury attorney John Morgan, but who else is writing checks? A sampling:
Ganjapreneurs: Cole Berger of Jupiter runs High Hopes Gourmet, which aims to be “the leading manufacturer of cannabis-infused foods in Florida.” They have contributed $12,070. Patrick Vo of Fort Lauderdale runs BiotrackTHC, a maker of software for the cannabis industry. They contributed $1,400. Jeffrey Zucker, a cannabis consultant from Chicago, gave $1,000.
Physicians and pharmacists: The official line among doctors is that marijuana doesn't pass muster as medicine, but a surprising number of physicians and pharmacists have written checks to the Amendment 2 campaign. Dr. John Merey of West Palm Beach contributed $1,000. Dr. Mitchell Davis of Jupiter gave $500. Dr. Bernard Cantor of Weston contributed $750. Dr. Stephen Blythe, an osteopath from Melbourne, gave $200. Dr. Kathryn Villano of Miami wrote checks totaling $907. Walter Day Jr., a pharmacist in Melbourne, gave $470. Dr. Hal Jeffrey Levine, a plastic surgeon in Kissimmee, contributed $1,280. All have legit licenses and clean disciplinary histories, according to the state Department of Health.
A former Republican lawmaker: Paula B. Dockery of Lakeland, a longtime state legislator who's now a newspaper columnist, gave $200. (However, the Stephen D. Crisafulli of Brevard County who gave $75 to the Amendment 2 campaign is not the Stephen D. Crisafulli of Brevard County who's Speaker of the Florida House. The pro-pot Crisafulli is a 62-year-old Democrat who lives in West Melbourne. The House Speaker is a 45-year-old Republican who lives in Merritt Island.)
RELATED COVERAGE
In Florida's cannabis cash race, pro-weed group has the edge for now
Advocates want medical marijuana in Florida, but not like California
Inside Colorado's pot shops: A picture of Florida's future?
Even when pot is legal, bosses can fire workers for testing positive
John Morgan and Sheldon Adelson: Meet the money men behind Florida's pot fight
Hazy science: Is weed a wonder drug?
Disappointment for medical pot patients revealed their secret during Amendment 2 campaign
Florida's godfather of weed says they don't need to be drunk to drop f-bombs
Earlier this week I received the Logitech G910 Orion Spark mechanical gaming keyboard and I've played around with it for the last day or so. Here are my first impressions of the keyboard.
The Good
The keyboard is definitely different to other mechanical keyboards I've used, and that's thanks to the exclusive "Romer-G" switches: a new type of mechanical switch which is very different from Cherry, ALPS or Topre. It has a very light tactile bump-- similar to the Cherry MX Brown-- and the 'bouncyness' of Topre. It's also very silent for those who are not fans of louder switches.​​​
There are plenty of great lighting modes that come standard with the Logitech Gaming Suite. Since the keyboard supports full RGB coloring, you are able to customize it however you want to and with what ever color-- or tone of color-- you wish.
One aspect I really liked was a dedicated backlighting key to turn the backlighting on or off. Similarly, a dedicated 'game mode' key which disables or enables the Super key (i.e the Windows key) so that it is not accidently pressed while playing a game.
I really, really like that the keyboard came with two different detachable wrist wrests. This is something that isn't seen very often with keyboards and it is definitely a welcomed addition.
The Bad
The lighting modes can only be changed via the Logitech Gaming Suite, i.e there is no on-board configuration for the lighting modes. This is something I'm not a big fan of, personally, as something like my Ducky allows for the user to edit and go through various lighting modes within the keyboard itself. I'd understand if the user was not able to change the color scheme purely via the keyboard, but at least allow the user to go through various lighting effects from within the keyboard itself.
One thing that really gets on my nerves with keyboards is non-detachable cords. They really shorten the lifespan of the keyboard and unless someone is familiar with soldering, then the keyboard is pretty much useless if anything happens to that cord. It also makes it more difficult in terms of portability. Most manufacturers have been making the cord into a detachable mini-USB cable, and this is something I expect to be default on all keyboards-- especially one that is as expensive as this.
The Ugly
So far, nothing has been really horrible. I've had some difficulty getting used to the keyboard's layout and I accidently hit the macro keys sometimes, but overall it's been a pretty trouble free experience... except for one thing: the angle of the keys. For whatever reason, the keys are sloped backwards which makes it super uncomfortable to type on (for those who have used DSA keycaps on Cherry MX keyboards, that's what it feels like). Luckily this can be remedied by putting the feet up on the bottom of the keyboard which returns it back to a normal typing angle.
Keep a look out for the full review of the Logitech G910 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard coming in the next few days. In the meantime, check out the unboxing in the gallery below!
Update: The full review of the Logitech G910 Orion Spark can be found here!
Jason Fitzgerald is a 2:39 marathoner, USA Track & Field certified coach, and the founder of Strength Running where runners go to get faster and prevent injuries.
There aren't many runners who would turn down the opportunity to gain more speed. But anyone who's ever trained for a PR knows that getting faster is easier said than done. To knock precious seconds off that mile time, you may need to incorporate some serious strength training into your routine. Yup, it's time to move from the roads to the weight room.
RELATED: Hate Crunches? 6 Better Core Exercises for Beginners
“Strength work increases stride power, helping you cover more ground with each step,” says Scott Jones, an exercise physiologist and host of the Athlete on Fire podcast. “This is when you really start to see your pace increase.” Jones is adamant about the importance of core strength for runners, saying, “If you want to get faster, you'll need a more powerful core.”
“Remember that strength training should complement your running, not detract from it.”
How to Fit Weights Into Your Routine
But what type of strength training is best? And how can you squeeze it into your (already hectic) schedule? Well, if you've never done any strength training, start with bodyweight exercises and work progressively toward weighted movements. And yes, you will need to start lifting heavy. It's the best way to improve efficiency and power, which will allow you to exert greater force in the push-off phase of your stride.
RELATED: 3 Quick and Easy Ways to Prevent Running Injuries
When it comes to scheduling strength training, always remember this essential rule: Keep your hard days hard and your easy days easy. In other words, don't schedule an intense weight session on the same day as a recovery run. Plan to do your strength training on the same day as medium or high-intensity runs to maximize results.
If you're strapped for time, don't worry: You only need to do heavier weight sessions one to two times per week. Make these sessions short and focused. Remember that strength training should complement your running, not detract from it. If lifting leaves you so sore that it compromises your running workouts, reduce your intensity, frequency, or both.
5 Strength Training Moves to Amp Up Your Speed
Step away from the gym machines — you can avoid wasting time on exercises that are overly specific and don't support your running. Instead, try these compound movements that target multiple muscle groups. Lifting with free weights better simulates functional, real world movements and will help maximize muscle recruitment.
RELATED: Bored of Running? 2 Goals Every Runner Needs
For the workout below, complete two to three sets with four to eight reps per set, and allow adequate rest (two to three minutes) between exercises. Keep the intensity high and the duration short: 30 minutes of heavier lifting once a week is plenty. Not such which dumbbells to grab? Always master your form with lighter weights before progressing to something heavier.
1. Dumbbell Squats
How to: Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart, toes straight ahead, dumbbell in each hand (a). With arms bent 90 degrees, hold dumbbells at shoulder-height (b). Sit back like there's a chair behind you, until your thighs are parallel to the ground (c). Driving through your heels, return to the standing position, ensuring your lower back stays in a neutral position (d). Perform 10 reps.
RELATED: 7 Ways to Improve Your Squat
2. Deadlifts
How to: Stand with your feet hip-width apart, toes pointed forward (a). Squat down to grasp your barbell, hands shoulder-width apart (b). With your lower back in a neutral position (not rounded) and arms straight, drive through your heels and lift the bar straight up, clenching your glutes throughout the movement (c). Hinge at the hips with knees slightly bent to lower the bar to shin-level, maintaining a neutral back, shoulder and chest position (d). Perform 5-10 reps.
3. Bench Press
How to: Lie with your back on the bench, grabbing the bar with your palms facing away from you, grip slightly wider than your shoulders (a). Brace your abs while squeezing your glutes and shoulder blades to lift the bar off the rack (b). Slowly lower the bar to your chest, then raise it back to the starting position. Look straight up and use a spotter for safety. Keep the motion slow and controlled (c). Perform 4-8 reps.
4. Pull-Ups
How to: Start with your palms facing away from you, shoulder-width apart (a). Engaging your back, arms and core, pull yourself up toward the bar until your chest touches the bar (b). Lower yourself down to the starting position and repeat (c). For assisted pull-ups, use an exercise band to help propel you upward. Repeat for 4-8 reps (or however many you can complete with good form).
5. Weighted Lunges
How to: Stand with a dumbbell in each hand, feet shoulder-width apart (a). Step forward with your right leg, and lower your body down until your right knee is positioned over your ankle and your left knee kisses the ground (b). Always maintain a neutral spine and remain as stable as possible. Step back and repeat with the opposite leg (c). Perform 8-12 reps.
Once you have successfully made strength training a part of your schedule, don't let yourself get too comfortable in your routine. Whether you're lifting to prevent running injuries or to gain speed, be sure to challenge yourself over time. That PR you're chasing will be so worth it.
"Today's positions don't really show our full potential"
Baku City Circuit, Friday June 17
A busy first day of practice for the team at this new and challenging street circuit in Baku, Azerbaijan. This was a very intense pair of sessions as the engineers needed to gather a broad range of data, running the cars in a number of different configurations in order to best establish the development and performance path for the remainder of the weekend.
Apart from a fuel system issue for Fernando in second practice, which briefly delayed their first run on the Option tyre, both cars ran smoothly throughout.
FERNANDO ALONSO, MP4-31-04
FP1 4th 1m47.989s (+1.554s) 21 laps FP2 11th 1m46.498s (+2.275s) 27 laps
“Today was positive.
“We arrived to find a very fast track, as we expected, but also one with some challenging corners. Maybe we need to go through the data at some of the corners as there's still areas where we can improve – tightening up our knowledge of the inside kerbs and the racing lines, for instance. That's something I did in Singapore a few years ago, and it really helped.
“Looking at the data we had from the simulator, I reckon our level of competitiveness is possibly slightly better than we'd anticipated – we're performing quite well, so that's the positive news of today.
"Today's positions don't really show our full potential.”
JENSON BUTTON, MP4-31-03
FP1 7th 1m49.019s (+2.584s) 21 laps FP2 9th 1m46.234s (+2.011s) 32 laps
“We started this morning a little bit better than we'd perhaps expected, but, once everyone had got to grips with the track, it moved us to our usual positions.
“Getting the right downforce level will be key for qualifying – we still need to work out what that will be, as our understanding isn't quite there yet. We also need to better understand the tyres, too – the Soft seems to be a good tyre, but we need to improve our performance on the Supersoft.
“There are some good corners around here; Turn 14 is right on the edge – it's mad, really – but the section past the castle is too slow. The car felt reasonably okay, but, on a slippery track, when you get a tiny bit of oversteer, you suddenly get a lot of oversteer, which makes things tough.
“We're not quite there yet with the balance, but I hope we can get things into shape for Saturday and Sunday.”
ERIC BOULLIER - Racing director, McLaren-Honda
“Today was always going to be challenging: given the contrasting characteristics of this track – the lengthy, high-speed main straight, and the tight, unforgiving section through the old city – it was essential to establish optimal downforce and balance settings for the remainder of the weekend.
“That meant running both cars in a number of different wings, floor, tyre, fuel and balance configurations in order to gather as much data as possible for our engineers to study this evening. We've certainly got plenty of information – we just need to look over it carefully tonight.
“First impressions of this track are certainly impressive – it's already clear that this is no ordinary weekend, and the race on Sunday is likely to be tense, exciting and unpredictable, which can only be a positive for the fans.
“Let's hope that we're well equipped to take full advantage of that expected unpredictability on Sunday..”
YUSUKE HASEGAWA - Honda R&D head of F1 project & executive chief engineer
“Our focus today was to set up the car and power unit to the first ever F1 track in Baku. Based on today's performance, we still need to tweak the power unit data to adapt to the frequent braking, long straights and the over-6km full lap. All in all, we believe that the setting is good so far.
“Obviously, Friday's finishing positions do not often reflect the reality of the race, but we are at a good starting point.”
Local seal populations are on the rise, so whether you take a guided tour or hike out on your own, there's an excellent chance you'll see a herd of these cute critters frolicking around Long Island's bays and beaches.
Here are tips from marine mammal experts for finding, identifying and watching the seals from Jones Beach to Montauk.
1. THERE'S MORE TO SEE
“The populations of the seals here are on the increase,” says Arthur Kopelman, a biologist who leads seal walks for the Coastal Research and Education Society of Long Island. “Last winter for the first time they began to rebound from Hurricane Sandy,” they say. In March, when the local seal population peaks, “We've seen up to 200 at a time,” Kopelman says.
2. BUT THEY'RE JUST VISITING
Although their exact place of origin is unknown, the seals most likely swim here from coastal Maine and Canada, says Melanie Meade, a marine biologist and nature educator at the South Fork Natural History Museum & Nature Center in Bridgehampton. “They are following their food, which is mainly squid,” Meade says.
3. LOOK NEAR HAUL-OUTS
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Seals generally like to spend their days resting on exposed sandbars, Meade says. Called seal haul-outs, these seal sunbathing spots are in Moriches Bay and the waters off the 1 1⁄2-mile-long Seal Haul-Out Trail at Montauk Point State Park.
4. KNOW THE VARIETIES
Harbor seals make up more than 99 percent of the population at Cupsogue, Kopelman says. They range from 4 to 6 feet long and have spotted coats and small front flippers, according to the website of the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration. Gray seals, often seen in Montauk, are larger than harbor seals and have a longer, broader nose, Meade says. Arctic seals, which tend to be solitary, are also occasionally seen here.
5. DO NOT DISTURB
Before going on a solo seal walk, Kopelman suggests taking a guided tour to learn how to locate and behave around these protected marine mammals.
“If you don't know what you are doing, you have a serious chance of disturbing the seals,” Kopelman says. Seals are protected by the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972, which makes it illegal to feed or harass them.
“Stay 100 feet away, and don't do anything that disturbs their behavior,” Meade says. For a closer look, bring a spotting telescope.
Build a Battery Tester
An Arduino can be used to test the life of any battery with less than 5 volts, Boxall says. So, for a quick way to see how much juice your AAA, AA, C, or D batteries have left, build this Arduino-based battery tester, which can display battery life via a string of LEDs.
Roll the Dice
The next time you're playing Monopoly, take a technological steup up from rolling plastic cubes by making Boxall's Arduino electronic die, which chooses a random number between 1 and 6 and displays it via a corresponding LED. At least when you go directly to jail you'll have a cool creation to pass the time.
Control Traffic
Build a working model traffic signal. It not only displays red, yellow, and green for each direction of oncoming traffic, but also includes a sensor to see a car approaching the one-lane road, which switches the light to green if there's no traffic coming from the opposite direction.
Stop the Clock
Two pushbuttons, a breadboard, a couple of resistors, and some wires are about all it takes to turn an Arduino unit into a stopwatch.
Create a Keypad Lock
Put Arduino to work protecting your secrets. This project is a keypad-controlled lock that will allow the user to select a six-digit secret code and lock out anyone without it.
Your Own Tank Robot
Now we're having fun. Last year PopMech published plans to build your first robot, a rolling little character based on an Arduino unit. Boxall's project will help you build a more rugged pint-size vehicle. The tank robot uses a small motor for each tread to climb over obstacles.
GPS Receiver
Where the heck are we, anyway? With an Arduino, a GPS shield kit by SparkFun, and a few other key ingredients, you can create a small receiver to tell you your longitude and latitude at any given time.
Keep Time
You know from the stopwatch project that Arduino can keep time. You know from the GPS-receiver project that it can be hooked up to an LCD display. Put those two features together to build this Arduino digital clock.
Mechanical Twitter
Everyone's on Twitter now—even Hillary Clinton. So why shouldn't your Arduino tweet? Here's how to make it happen.
Arduino Texter
Perhaps you don't want your mechanical creations to share their thoughts with the world at large. Instead of programming an Arduino to tweet, follow these directions to let it send texts to a phone.
Education is critical to who and what we are. A former cabinet minister who attained great seniority and respect over the last decade told me last week that "neither side is really getting the problem in education". He's spot on.
I've had a bit of luck in life and at one point used some of the proceeds of my working life to support the Mitchell Institute at Victoria University. It's the old Footscray Tech and it turns 100 this year.
"My brother went there," says Charlie. "He studied drama, sociology and urban planning, all of which became important in their life."
Our leaders say they understand the importance of education but they just aren't doing enough. In the world's most boring debate last weekend, the Prime Minister said that "we live in remarkable times, an era unprecedented in human history, where the pace and scale of economic change is preeminent and unprecedented."
Defensive end Charleston Hughes signed a two-year contract extension with the Calgary Stampeders on Wednesday.
Hughes, who had a CFL-high 16 sacks this season, was eligible to become a free agent in February. They also registered 47 tackles and three forced fumbles in being named a league all-star for the third time.
“Charleston is a cornerstone of our defence and 2016 was another great season for him,” Stampeders president/GM John Hufnagel said in a statement. “He has maintained a high level of play since they first came to Calgary and I look forward to more of the same in the future.”
Watch below from Nov. 19, 2015: Calgary Stampeders defensive end Charleston Hughes teaches Global Calgary's Amber Schinkel their signature “sack attack” before the big Western Final game this weekend.
Hughes joined the Stampeders in 2008 and led the team in sacks in helping Calgary win a Grey Cup title as a rookie. They returned to the squad in '09 after attending training camp with the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles.
Hughes has 88 career sacks to stand second in Stampeders history behind Will Johnson (99). Hughes has appeared in 10 playoff games and three Grey Cups with Calgary.
“I'm glad to get the contract taken care of,” said Hughes. “I'm very happy to be back with the Stamps and I look forward to us having another great season.
“We have a lot of unfinished business and we just have to focus on getting even better as a team.”
Watch below from Oct. 19, 2016: Calgary Stampeder Charleston Hughes and Murray Gibson of Purolator join Global Calgary with details on the Purolator Tackle Hunger Game Day Food Drive.
Editors' note, June 8, 2017: At this year's Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple gave its laptop line a modest makeover with some updated components -- faster, more powerful Intel processors across the board, and more robust graphics chips for the MacBook Pros. Otherwise, aside from a RAM bump here and a slight price drop there, the 2017 Apple laptops (MacBook and MacBook Pro) are very similar to their 2016 predecessors, with the same enclosures, ports, trackpads and screens (see a full listing of changes and additions). Note that the 13-inch MacBook Pro from 2015 has been discontinued, though the 15-inch model of that vintage remains available for those who want full-size USB ports.
The Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) review, published in November 2016, follows.
Apple's taking big swings with the new MacBook Pro. Some land square, some miss their mark. Altogether, this is a beautiful, powerful machine that almost everyone will want, but consider the trade-offs carefully.
This MacBook Pro is thinner and lighter than its predecessor, with a flattened keyboard and expanded touchpad. It has a newer selection of Intel processors, faster flash storage and a brighter Retina screen. The new MacBook Pro has also dropped all its legacy ports for Thunderbolt 3-powered USB-C -- a controversial move that requires you to buy a truckload of dongles, but also a move that many high-end Windows laptops are following. Apple even threw in the pleasing and very useful TouchID fingerprint sensor, imported almost whole-hog from the iPhone and iPad.
But you know all that already. What you really want to learn about is the new MacBook Pro's headline feature: the Touch Bar, a tiny 1cm tall touchscreen that replaces the function key row on the top of new Pro's keyboard, and also jacks up the price for this high-end machine.
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
We've already extensively covered the basics on the new 13- and 15-inch Pros, which were unveiled at Apple's headquarters on October 27 and are available for sale as of early November. That includes our exclusive early hands-on with the new MacBook Pro, as well as our review of the entry-level 2016 MacBook Pro model (which keeps its traditional function key row, and doesn't include TouchID). Start with both of those stories if you want an exhaustive overview of the design changes, component upgrades and port-related compromises of this MacBook Pro -- which is essentially the 10th anniversary edition of the original 2006 MacBook Pro.
Here, however, we're focusing on that Touch Bar. How does it work? Is it useful? Can it replace the iPad-like touchscreen Mac we're not likely to get in the foreseeable future, according to our recent exclusive interviews with Apple execs?
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
I've lived with the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar for almost two weeks. Here's what I learned.
A tiny slice of iPad on your MacBook
The Touch Bar is a long, skinny OLED touchscreen that sits above the keyboard, replacing the traditional F1-F12 keys, as well as the escape key and power button. On the far right end of the Touch Bar is a fingerprint reader, similar to the one found on the iPhone, which enables Touch ID and Apple Pay for secure system log-ins and online payments.
By default, the Touch Bar displays system tools, including screen brightness and volume control. But when using select apps (for now mostly Apple-created apps such as Safari, but more third-party support is on the way), new contextual commands appear on the Touch Bar, and the system tools roll up into a condensed version on the right side of the strip. You can still access volume and brightness controls, but to get the full default list of commands back, you'll have to tap on a small arrow to expand it (which also hides the contextual commands for the app you're currently using).
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
Having spent some serious hands-on time with the Touch Bar version of the new 13-inch MacBook Pro, and testing its capabilities with a wide range of apps, it feels like a tool that can enhance your computing experience, but won't revolutionize it. It does less than a full touchscreen might, but Apple has found a way to use it to cut down on keystrokes, streamline tasks and add additional levels of fine control.
I almost immediately started to find little things it did better than traditional keyboard and touchpad input
Some who've seen the Touch Bar only from afar call it a gimmick, but I almost immediately started finding little things it did better than traditional keyboard and touchpad input, and after a very short time I was using a handful of these Touch Bar functions instinctively, without even thinking about it.
If you spend a bit of time trying it out in different apps, you'll end up with maybe a half-dozen or so shortcuts you love the Touch Bar for, while your computing experience remains otherwise unchanged.
That makes it harder to justify as an expensive add-on to the new MacBook Pro line. The least expensive Touch Bar system is the one reviewed here, at $1,799 (£1,749 or AU$2,699). That's a $300 jump over the more mainstream $1,499 entry level MacBook Pro (£1,449 or AU$2,199), which lacks the Touch Bar. But in addition to the Touch Bar, this version also has a faster processor (a 2.9GHz Intel Core i5, versus a 2.0GHz Core i5), marginally better integrated Intel graphics (Iris 550 versus Iris 540), and it doubles the number of included USB-C Thunderbolt ports to four. So at least you're getting more for your $300 than just the Touch Bar.
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
Previously, the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro cost $1,299 (£1,249 or AU$1,999), but that model had half the storage of these new ones, only 128GB. Note that if you're kicking yourself for missing out on the older Pro (which was excellent in its own right), with its lower starting price and wider variety of ports, Apple is still selling a single 13-inch and single 15-inch 2015-era configuration, at least for now.
Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch) Price as reviewed $1,799, £1,749 or AU$2,699 Display size/resolution 13.3-inch 2,560 x 1,600 PC CPU 2.9GHz Intel Core i5 PC Memory 8GB 1866MHz LPDDR3 Graphics Intel Iris Graphics 550 Storage 256GB PCIe SSD Networking 802.11ac wireless, Bluetooth 4.2 Operating system macOS Sierra
One bar, many versions
The Touch Bar is is filled with possibilities, but like the branching menus within menus it's supposed to replace, some of its functions can remain buried under additional taps and swipes, depending on which apps you use it with. There's only so much one can fit into a 2,170x60 display.
Actual instructions for how to use the Touch Bar are sparse. Instead, it's up to you to eyeball the new buttons that pop up contextually in each supported application and figure out how to use them. In most cases, it's presented logically, but some on-screen buttons have layers within them, and navigating deeper in and then moving back out isn't always intuitive (as in the case of Photos, Apple's photo organizing and tweaking app). In other cases, the Touch Bar buttons are a perfect distillation of the most important functions in an app (such as Safari or Messages), and easy to pick up and use immeidately.
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
Each Touch Bar series of commands has its own visual and organizational language. That's easy enough to translate when only Apple-created programs are supported, but we'll have to wait and see how other software makers handle the Touch Bar. Windows PC makers have struggled for years with how to properly present proprietary software interfaces, asking consumers to learn and relearn new behaviors for apps they may already be familiar with, or for programs and features that may disappear or change radically in the next version.
Adobe is one company you really want to watch in this space. A key partner for Touch Bar support, Photoshop will add Touch Bar controls later this year. It'll be very interesting to see what they do, and if long-time Photoshop users take to it. That's especially important because Adobe is a master of extreme usability and platform continuity. (As an example, I took a single-semester Photoshop tutorial course as a college undergrad way back in the 1990s. All these years later, and through countless versions of Photoshop, and I can still sit down in front of the latest iteration of the software and have a basic idea of what I'm doing.)
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
Microsoft has also pledged to add Touch Bar support for Office. But until those companies and others deliver, it's all about Apple's in-house apps, including Mail, Messages, iTunes and Safari. I found the Touch Bar added something useful to each of these, but that's predicated on actually using those apps. If you prefer Spotify to iTunes, or Chrome to Safari, there's not much the Touch Bar can do for you from within those apps, besides the basic system functions previously mapped to the Function key row, such a volume controls.
One interesting comparison to make is to Microsoft's new Surface Dial. That physical control knob works on many Windows PCs, but is specifically designed with the Surface Studio desktop in mind, and it covers a lot of the same ground as the Touch Bar. Both the Bar and Dial offer easier access to specific menu items in select apps. Like the Touch Bar, the Dial provides basic system functions, including volume controls, when not in a supported app.
Both are very early in their development, and both call out for wider app support (neither has a Photoshop-specific set of controls yet). For illustrators and animators, I can see the real appeal of the Surface Dial and its big, analog-feeling wheel. For more efficient general computing, so far I find that Apple's Touch Bar is the more immediately useful of the two ideas.
First steps
The initial thing you'll want to do with the Touch Bar is set up Touch ID. That uses Apple's custom T1 security chip, which is built into the system, and the fingerprint reader that sits on the far right side of the Touch Bar. Setup is similar to an iPhone, with repeated fingertaps on the sensor recording fingerprint data. Unlike an iPhone and iPad, Macs support multiple user profiles, so each person using the machine can set up fingerprint access to their profile.
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
User switching via fingerprint is especially impressive, and nearly instantaneous. I set up a "CNET" profile linked to one finger and a personal profile linked to a different finger. Just by placing each finger in turn on the Touch ID and clicking down (it's both a fingerprint sensor and a physical button), the profiles switched on the fly.
After setting up the fingerprint access, which can also be used for Apple Pay purchases from supported merchants, you might also want to change the default lineup of buttons available on the Touch Bar. That menu is a little hard to find, tucked away in System Preferences under Keyboard > Customize Control Strip (oddly, it's called Control Strip here, and not Touch Bar).
View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET
From that menu, new buttons can be dragged down to the bottom of the screen, where they'll appear on the Touch Bar, and from there, can be moved left and right. For example, I swapped out the Launch Pad button for a Show Desktop button. The default setup is the logical choice for most, but customization options are always welcome.
Better known as NumotTheNummy, Kenji is a lover of all things Magic. A "legendary streamer," you can almost always find them playing Magic Online over at their Twitch channel. When he's not playing Magic, Kenji enjoys long walks on the beach, romantic comedies, and devouring the hopes and dreams of the innocent.
Hello, friends! Welcome to the last portion of the How to Build Standard series. If you've been paying attention and following along, you'll know that it's time to talk about white! If you are not caught up to date with the other articles, go back and do so! White pairs nicely with any of the other colors; blue, black, red, or green. That being said, let's get to the good stuff.
In Magic, the color white is often tied under the banner of harmony, purity, peace, and law. With regard to Kaladesh, white doesn't just embody these qualities—it exemplifies them. Many of white's best cards work when they can find harmony with other cards. Take, for example, Toolcraft Exemplar. A seemingly innocuous one-drop, the Exemplar becomes much more powerful when you have an artifact to synergize with it. That example leads us with a few expectations when playing with white in your decks.
Control—With the presence of law comes control. White's control elements look to detain or otherwise completely neuter opposing threats. Cards such as Stasis Snare and Quarantine Field look to debilitate the opponent and lock them down. Consider it a prison of sorts, and if your opponent cannot destroy it, their permanents remain useless.
Aggro—Not all is calm under the color white; you don't always have to play defensively. One of the most tried and true strategies is what is known as "white weenie." A strategy that employs powerful and cheap creatures to quickly overrun the opponent, white weenie is one of the most aggressive decks available. It's also a highly synergistic strategy that can employ other colors known for their aggression, such as red, to bolster its speed. Start with the asupervisorstioned Toolcraft Exemplar, add in Veteran Motorist, and a few Vehicles to crew...well, you've got yourself a nice start to an aggro deck.
Fabricate—White has a multitude of ways to produce more than one creature on any single card. In Kaladesh, fabricate is that method, and cards such as Angel of Invention do a very nice job of that. Throw in some Marionette Master synergy and you might just be able to Servo­ up a delicious victory.
Top Cards
White has some of the most powerful cards in the current Standard scene. Here's a list of some you might expect to find in competitive play and why they are proven contenders.
Transform
One of the best white creatures to have ever been printed, Archangel Avacyn does everything and more. It is effectively an auto-include in heavy white decks because of the versatility and power the Angel provides. As a creature with flash, Archangel Avacyn is a removal spell, protection spell, and a game-ending threat. They can flash in mid-combat to destroy an attacking creature, be used in response to a removal spell to give your creatures indestructible, or simply be cast at the end of your opponents turn to potentially hit for 4 in the air! And that's all without even talking about when they transform...
Archangel Avacyn is simply one of the most powerful white cards available in Standard.
Not frequently does a 1/2 creature make the big kids' table at dinner. Thraben Inspector does. It's cheap, efficient, replaces itself, and does a darn good job of just being annoying. Thraben Inspector is also just a great curve filler because of its mana cost and the fact that it produces a Clue. Frequently you'll be happy to just cast this on turn one and then sacrifice the Clue to draw a card on turn two. Or perhaps you have something better to do on turn two. Well, then you have a "free" card to draw at some other point in the game.
Don't knock it until you try it. Thraben Inspector will simply impress, and it's a one-mana creature!
I would be doing a disservice to you, the reader, if I didn't include Gideon, Ally of Zendikar in this list of top white cards in Standard. I'll keep it short and simple. Gideon is an amazing planeswalker that starts at a moderately high loyalty, protects himself, and can be used offensively in multiple ways. Ever since Battle for Zendikar was released, Gideon has been there to further cement white as a Standard powerhouse. Value and power combined in one.
Cards to Try
These aren't necessarily cards that have proved themselves in today's Standard environment, but the potential is there. If you've got a little brewer in you, I would suggest giving a few of these a try.
On the surface, Angel of Invention does not appear amazing. Five manas is a lot to invest in, at face-value, a 2/1 flier, even with as many stats as it has. Upon closer inspection, it certainly has some merit. Whether you decide to make it a 4/3 or produce a few tokens with its fabricate ability, Angel of Invention immediately provides a large board presence. Angel of Invention has made a few appearances, but does not have a completely solidified home in Standard, mainly being relegated to a few token strategies. If it weren't already competing at the same mana slot as Archangel Avacyn, I believe we'd be seeing much more of this card.
I know this isn't solely a white card, but it has white in it! Unlike its friend Reflector Mage, Cloudblazer has seen almost no sort of competitive Standard play. While five manas is certainly quite a bit, and again it is fighting for that slot with Archangel Avacyn, I believe Cloudblazer to be good enough to find a home somewhere. It draws cards, gains life, and provides an evasive body to boot. I've personally tried it in conjunction with a sweet little Panharmonicon brew, but hopefully you're able to dream up something better.
Deck Concepts
White-Blue Flash
Joey Manner used a White-Blue Flash deck to help them make Top 8 at Pro Tour Kaladesh. Using almost exclusively white creatures that are aggressive and provide value upon entering the battlefield, this deck can quickly out-tempo and beat down. White-Blue Flash is probably the current boogeyman of the format, serving as a great litmus test for whether your deck is viable in Standard play.
Red-White Vehicles
Another powerful strategy is Red-White Vehicles. Looking to quickly flood the board with low-cost creatures and powerful Vehicles, this deck can kill in the blink of an eye. Turn-one Toolcraft Exemplars can hit for 3 on your second turn or can help crew one of the many artifacts such as Smuggler's Copter and Fleetwheel Cruiser. Here's an example from Ben Hull's Top 8 performance at Pro Tour Kaladesh.
Standard Showdown is four-week event celebrating all that is Standard, with local tournaments, cool prizes, and opportunities for bragging rights and brewing.
Looking for a Standard Showdown tournament near you? Use this locator to find your nearest store hosting one of these fun events.
Find Now !
Already been to an event and crushed it? Submit your name, decklist, record, store where you played, and any fun photos you have at standardshowdown@wizards.com or by filling out the form below.
Please enable javascript!
It is common knowledge --at least for part of the right-- that resentment of Israel is merely an extension of Western self-hatred. We know that Israel is hated by the Arab world and many of the “have nots” of the postmodern age, because the fact that it is the only democracy and successful economy in the Middle East serves as a constant and unwelcome reminder to these countries that their problems cannot simply be blamed on the Western colonial legacy, and that, on the contrary, there is a fundamental flaw in their mentality and culture. For the same reason, the leftist intelligentsia of the West hates Israel: for them, this country is the distillation of their concept of the West to its very essence: the ultimate and eternal oppressor, a fusion of the destructive racism and capitalism that according to them constitute the core of Western culture. And needless to say, the Palestinians and other Arabs personify the eternal proletarian class of the oppressed.
This insight helps us a long way in understanding and combating what drives antisemitism in Third World and in the West itself. However, the explanation is ultimately insufficient, because it only moves the question to a higher level: why have Western intellectuals, and more generally, Western people, come to despise their own culture and achievements?
Mostly, conservatives implicitly assume that the leftist intellectuals are rational actors, and try to make a case for the historical achievements and thus, the ultimate superiority of Western culture -- in fact, much like advocates of the free market and/or traditional values throughout the last century have tried to defeat socialism and communism simply by logically disproving it, hoping that their arguments would reach a large enough public, and ultimately convince many of their opponents. After a century it doesn't take much analysis to conclude that this strategy has abjectly failed. And in fact, it could not have been otherwise, because they tried to advance their cause with practical arguments while the essence of the problem lies in morality.
Socialists and communists are not at all rational actors. That they are, is a propaganda myth the intelligentsia has itself spread through its near monopoly on intellectual pursuits, or to put it more concretely, through its control of the universities. It is no exaggeration to say that no sensible person who knows their basics of economics can believe that a planned economy or distributing the wealth are feasible methods to achieve economic growth and improvements for the masses. In reality socialism and communism were ideologies solely devised to serve the interests of the intellectuals themselves; few of them come from a poor, “proletarian” background and many of them shared with Marx an astonishing contempt for the uncouth laboring classes. Since intellectuals are people without any concrete, useful skills that could provide them with a living like the rest of society, but whose mentality is characterized by broad visions of how society as a whole should be organized, and an ingrained certainty that they are entitled to personally implement those visions, they constantly have to invent “oppressed” groups that they can represent, and so are able to make themselves necessary to society. As times changed, these oppressed groups have changed: beginning with the proletarian masses, after the Second World War the intellectuals shifted their attention to the third world, Palestinians, immigrants in their own countries, and the environment.
But as I said, the problem does not solely lie with the intellectuals, but with the general attitude of Westerners towards their own culture. Or more precisely, the problem is that people do not have the moral power or self-certainty to refute the claims of the intelligentsia, even if they intuitively sense something is fundamentally wrong with them. And contrary to conventional conservative claims, this is not because people are not sufficiently aware of the benefits of the free market or of Western culture, but because they find themselves unable to refute the intellectuals' creed morally.
The origin of leftism is surely the dominant ethical code of the West, namely altruism. Most people do not fully grasp what altruism means or how it manifests itself in our daily lives. On the conscious level, people will say that it just means loving your neighbor, and that brother-love is perfectly compatible with self-interest. In their daily lives, they may never be consciously confronted with any dilemmas. Consequently, many people have dismissed Ayn Rand's denunciation of the altruist ethics as a “battle without enemies”. For a long time, I myself thought of it the same way.
However, if we remove our glance from our direct personal experiences and take a look at historical trends and current political and economical developments, Ayn Rand's observations on altruism will perhaps become more accessible and at the same time provide a water-tight explanation for many disturbing developments in Western history. Our self-hatred, our wish for a society characterized by “diversity”, our praise for backward cultures, and our appeasement of radical Islam (and of communism) can all directly be traced to the altruist premise underlying our morality. Contrary to a common misunderstanding, the doctrine of altruism does not simply say that people should act so as to maximize the well-being of their fellow-men; if this were the case, our heroes would be business people, inventors, artists, and so on, because these are the people who have spread the most well-being throughout history, and not the saints, ascetics, and warriors who serve as our moral examples and for whom we erect statues. The prerequisite of an altruist deed is that the person who carries it out in no way benefits from it himself: indeed, the ultimate altruist act is the act of self-sacrifice, in which the person themselves loses in order to benefit their brothers.
And that is the reason for Western self-hatred. If the well-being of Third World inhabitants would be the primary concern of the intellectuals, they would be praising Western civilization for the marvels in science and humane governance it has brought forth. But that is not in the least their concern: on the contrary, they are motivated by the obsession with self-sacrifice that was born with Christianity two millenniums ago. It is also the reason why the conservative campaign against communism and cultural relativism is doomed to fail, if they do not understand Ayn Rand's crucial insight: even if they can logically prove that capitalism and Western culture are by far preferable to the alternatives that leftists have devised and advocate, they share the same Christian premise of self-sacrifice with their opponents. It is of little use to know that your set of ideas is the most practical one, and at the same time implicitly accept a moral code that teaches you that morality has nothing to do with what is practical.
Antisemitism has the same root cause; the reason so many Europeans love immigrants and the multicultural proletariat, is the same reason why they tend to hate Jews. If, on the altruist premise, men should sacrifice themselves for their brothers who have been less fortunate in life, and by all means avoid judging their behavior that often is the cause for their depressed condition, it becomes chillingly clear what constitutes altruist behavior toward people who are more fortunate than ourselves and clearly owe it to their own efforts: punishment of the fortunate and the industrious because of their virtue and industriousness. Or, as Ayn Rand put it: hatred of the good for being the good. Often we are taught that the reason for Christian resentment of Judaism is that Jews were accomplices in the murder of Jesus Christ. This story certainly has a symbolic meaning: the Jews refused to go along in the belief that man was born with original sin, and that they had to worship a God and prophet that instructed them to atone for this default; they refused to go along in the notion that morality consisted in sacrificing oneself for one's brothers, and for this they were eternally damned in the eyes of many Christians.
As in the case of socialism, communism, and multiculturalism, antisemitism is of course also very appealing to many people because it serves their needs perfectly. For many on the far right, blaming all problems (including immigration) on a Jewish conspiracy enables them self-righteously to pose as a persecuted and morally uncorrupted minority, while in fact Jews are the one ethnic group in Europe that these days can be spat upon with impunity. Criticizing Islam will get you death threats and persecution by the government, criticizing multiculturalism will result in accusations of racism, but criticizing Jews or Israel will, at the most, be punished with a letter of protest from the local Jewish cultural center.
Also, there is the very human tendency of these people to escape the fact of their insignificance and mortality by imagining a global conspiracy is out to “get” them, while the dreadful reality is that they are utterly alone in this world, without either a future or actual events that have any bearing upon themselves. As David P. Goldman states in It's not the End of the World, It's Just the End of You:
To be truly convinced of your insignificance, however, is an unbearable, if not suicidal thought. The human mind resists its own destruction by wishing away its sense of insignificance. One such device is paranoia, which attributes significance to insignificant objects and events; we imagine that the fellow at the next table is a secret police-agent. It is more comforting to believe that occult forces are persecuting us than that no one cares about us.
The confrontation with Jewish and Israeli success and cultural strength places many Westerners in the same position as the rest of the world finds itself in when confronted with the West: how should they react to a model that is more successful than their own? Like people in non-Western cultures, they mostly choose the easy solution: blame the more successful for your own problems and the inferiority of your civilizational model. This observation makes clear that all people have a tendency to act the proletarian and oppressed when confronted with the (earned) success of others.
In short, to combat antisemitism we should fight altruism first. Merely stating the obvious, that we shouldn't seek scapegoats for problems that are fully our own responsibility, or that we should “respect” others and not give in to ethnic hatred, clearly misses the whole point, because conventional Christian morality precisely teaches us that the strong should blame themselves for the weakness of their brothers, and that we should not judge other people's behavior. Perhaps this criticism of Christian ethics will be hard to swallow for many on the right. When confronted with daunting challenges, men will always interpret them in the light of their own assumptions, and seek answers that will not upset they view of the world and of human life. But these are not times for such smugness and complacency: we should be prepared to identity the essential contradictions and faults in Western ethics that explain our current predicament.
← back to Articles
Category: Articles, Baptism, Capitol Hill Baptist Church
Detail:
The following statement was adopted by the elders of Capitol Hill Baptist Church in 2004.
We, the elders of the Capitol Hill Baptist Church, after prayerful searching of the Scriptures and discussion conclude that, while Scripture is quite clear that believers only are to be baptized, the age at which a believer is to be baptized is not directly addressed in Scripture. We do not understand the simple imperative command to be baptized to settle the issue, nor do we understand the imperative to be baptized to forbid raising questions about the appropriateness of a baptismal candidate's maturity. We do understand that the consideration of an appropriate age for a believer to be baptized is a matter not of simple obedience on an issue clearly settled by Scripture, but rather is a matter of Christian wisdom and prudence on an issue not directly addressed by Scripture. Though the baptisms in the New Testament seem largely to have occurred soon after the initial conversion, all of the individuals we can read of are both adults and coming from a non-Christian context. Both of these factors would tend to lend credibility to a conversion. The credibility of the conversion is the prime consideration, with the effect upon the individual candidate and the church community being legitimate secondary concerns.
We believe that the normal age of baptism should be when the credibility of one's conversion becomes naturally evident to the church community. This would normally be when the child has matured, and is beginning to live more self-consciously as an individual, making their own choices, having left the God-given, intended child-like dependence on their parents for the God-given, intended mature wisdom which marks one who has felt the tug of the world, the flesh and the devil, but has decided, despite these allurements, to follow Christ. While it is difficult to set a certain number of years which are required for baptism, it is appropriate to consider the candidate's maturity. The kind of maturity that we feel it is wise to expect is the maturity which would allow that son or daughter to deal directly with the church as a whole, and not, fundamentally, to be under their parents' authority. As they assume adult responsibilities (sometime in late high school with driving, employment, non-Christian friends, voting, legality of marriage), then part of this, we would think, would be to declare publicly their allegiance to Christ by baptism.
With the consent and encouragement of Christian parents who are members, we will carefully consider requests for baptism before a child has left the home, but would urge the parents to caution at this point. Of course children can be converted. We pray that none of our children ever know any lengthy period of conscious rebellion against God. The question raised by baptism is the ability of others to be fairly confident of that conversion. The malleable nature of children (which changeableness God especially intends for the time when they are living as dependents in the home, being trained in all the basics of life and faith) is a gift from God and is to be used to bring them to maturity. It should also give us caution in assuming the permanence of desires, dreams, affections and decisions of children. Nevertheless, should the young person desire to pursue baptism and membership in the normal course set out by the church, we will examine them on a case-by-case basis, with the involvement of the parents.
In the event of young persons from non-Christian families coming to the church for an extended period of time, professing faith and giving evidence of the reality thereof, requests for baptism and membership would be considered without the involvement of the parents. While all the previous comments on the nature of immaturity still pertain, the fact that such a young person would be doing so despite indifference, or even opposition from their parents would or could be evidence for the reality of their conversion.
Nothing in this statement should be construed as casting doubt about the legitimacy of the baptism of any among us, regardless of how young they were when they were baptized. Because they have continued in the faith into their adult years we assume the legitimacy of their initial profession made at baptism. The question we are concerned with here is looking forward, not backward. To put it another way, we are raising the question about how many people have been baptized at this church in the past as younger people and children who went on to give no evidence of ever having been savingly converted, and what damage was done to them, and to the witness of the gospel through the church's premature baptism of them. It is our judgment that while there is some danger of discouragement on the part of those children who do give some good evidence of being converted and yet are not baptized and welcomed into communicant membership in the church, through good teaching in the home, and through the loving inclusion of the families in the church as we currently do, that danger is small. There is, however, we believe, a greater danger of deception on the part of many who could be wrongly baptized at an age in which people are more liable to make decisions which are sincere, but ill-founded and too often short-lived.
Two other notes in conclusion. First, we realize that this issue is an issue of great emotion for some, and we in no way are trying to lead anyone to disobey their conscience on this matter; we simply are trying to inform and educate our consciences from the Scriptural necessity of a credible profession of faith for baptism. Second, while it is not generally known among American evangelicals today, the practice of baptizing pre-teenage children is of recent development (largely early 20th century) and of limited geography (largely limited to the United States, and places where American evangelicals have exercised great influence). Baptists in the past were known for waiting to baptize until the believers were adults. Baptistic Christians around the world are still much more cautious than modern American Christians, often waiting in Europe, Africa and Asia to baptize until children are grown and are in their 20's.
Those of you who know me well probably know that I don't read too often. But, a few months back I read a book called Ready Player One by Ernest Cline and I haven't stopped thinking about it since. To say the novel was amazing is a massive understatement. The book is a triumphantly nerdy, pop-culture infused adventure that takes the reader on a ride unlike anything else in I've ever been exposed to. It's an absolutely amazing read. Seriously guys, words can't express how much I loved this book.
Immediately, being the movie nerd I am, I looked into possible film adaptations and learned that Warner Brothers and screenwriter Zak Penn had already begun work on a script. But, no director and stars are on board yet. So, in case Warner Brothers and Zak Penn need some advice, I present to them, and my lucky readers, a list of six directors (plus a wildcard option) that could help bring my new favorite book to the big screen.
If you've already read the book you can skip down to the list now. For those of you who haven't, here's a quick synopsis, and then you should go read the book, because it is really good.
“In the year 2044, reality is an ugly place. The only time teenage Wade Watts really feels alive is when he's jacked into the virtual utopia known as the OASIS. Wade's devoted their life to studying the puzzles hidden within this world's digital confines—puzzles that are based on their creator's obsession with the pop culture of decades past and that promise massive power and fortune to whoever can unlock them. But when Wade stumbles upon the first clue, they find themselves beset by players willing to kill to take this ultimate prize. The race is on, and if Wade's going to survive, he'll have to win—and confront the real world he's always been so desperate to escape.”
Joss Whedon
Where You Know Him From:
The Avengers, Firefly, Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog
Why They Should Direct:
Joss Whedon is a nerd icon. You'll be hard pressed to find a director more universally admired at Comic Con than Whedon. They have stated that Avengers: Age of Ultron will be their last MARVEL movie, so Whedon is in the market for a new project. Why not Ready Player One? Just the thought of Cline's story combined with trademark Whedon dialogue is tantalizingly exciting.
Whedon is a nerd at heart, so he'll be right at home with the pop-culture infused subject matter. I don't think there's any doubt that Whedon could make one amazing movie adaptation of Ready Player One, the only problem is that they might not want to…
Why It Might Not Happen:
Whedon has stated multiple times that they want to do something original after their time with MARVEL is up, and though I think they could certainly put their own unique spin on Ready Player One they could be reluctant to put their own original story ideas aside again. But, it wouldn't surprise me if a story as original and fun as Ready Player One made Whedon change their mind.
Matthew Vaughn
What You Know Him From:
Kick Ass, X Men: First Class, Kingsman: The Secret Service (Pictured Above).
Why They Should Direct:
Vaughn is quickly rising to the top of my list of favorite working directors. Their new film, Kingsman: The Secret Service, was one of the best action movies I've seen in a long time. It proved definitively that Vaughn is in the business of making fun movies, which is why they would be the perfect choice for Ready Player One. He's the type of director who can nail the action set pieces, but can bring the special character moments from the book to life as well. Plus, they have a knack for adapting stories from the page to the screen with spectacular results. Though they don't seem like a particularly nerdy filmmaker, especially compared to the other people on this list, Vaughn's movies, particularly Kingsman and Kick Ass have a through line of pop culture references. This tendency could help them keep the book's unapologetic nerdiness intact without alienating the mainstream moviegoer who might not understand all of the references.
Why It Might Not Happen:
Vaughn has already stated that they have received the script for Ready Player One, but hasn't gotten around to reading it yet. So this could very well happen. BUT Vaughn's penchant for stylized violence might make them wary of taking on a PG-13 adaptation. Plus, Vaughn has already expressed interest in a possible Kingsman sequel, and I definitely don't want anything to get in the way of that happening. But, I still think a Vaughn spearheaded Ready Player One movie would be amazing.
Anthony and Joe Russo
Where You Know Them From:
Captain America: The Winter Soldier (Pictured Above), Community, Arrested Development.
Why They Should Direct:
Anthony And Joe Russo have been huge players in the TV game for years, before they broke out into the mainstream with Captain America: The Winter Soldier, last year. Their MARVEL sequel blended action with political thriller elements and comedic moments expertly, all while putting the fun of the journey before anything else. Ready Player One has a similar DNA to Winter Soldier to be sure, but the Russo's time at Community is what I think is key here. Community is one of the few examples of when pop culture references and homages never overpower the characters and the world of the show. No matter what was going on, the show never lost sight of the heart of the moment.
The Russo's ability to blend genre's as well as balance multiple references and pop culture influences makes them perfect candidates to jump into the OASIS.
Why It Might Not Happen:
Anthony and Joe Russo are very, very busy in the MARVEL universe right now. They are currently in pre-production on Captain America: Civil War. They are also rumored to be taking over The Avengers for the Infinity War two-parter, which would disappointingly leave no room for outside projects like Ready Player One on their schedule.
Andrew Stanton
Where You Know Him From:
WALL-E (Pictured Above), Finding Nemo, John Carter
Why They Should Direct:
Look, I'll just come out with it. I love John Carter. It certainly has it's flaws, but for some reason that movie found a way to entertain me from start to finish. But, John Carter infamously flopped at the box office, and it's helmer Andrew Stanton, has gone back to animation. But, if Hollywood will give them another live action job, I think they could certainly bring the world of Ready Player One to the big screen.
Stanton's animated movies, Finding Nemo and WALL-E, are certified classics. In those films, they showed they have extraordinary ability to balance the emotion and humor of a story without forgetting either. Their live action effort proved he's a very good action director who is capable of creating worlds for their movies to exist in.
Ready Player One would be Stanton's opportunity to combine those two elements into one film, and I think they could make something truly special. Just look at what fellow Pixar alum Brad Bird has been up to post-animation.
Why It Might Not Happen:
As much as I love John Carter, and I really, really like it, it's hard to see Warner Brothers handing the reins to another risky, expensive, blockbuster over to Stanton. But, I truly think if Stanton gets another shot at live action, he'll knock it out of the park!
Phil Lord and Christopher Miller
Where You Know Them From:
The LEGO Movie, The Jump Street franchise, The Last Man On Earth
Why They Should Direct:
Lord And Miller are amazing talents. They bursted on the scene with Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs, and haven't stopped churning out hits since. While they've stuck to their formula of taking terrible ideas and turning them into gold so far, imagine what they could do with something that is actually good to begin with.
Lord and Miller could make the leap into big budget action filmmaking with Ready Player One. It wouldn't actually be that big a leap when you think about it. In terms of tone, Ready Player One may not be as tongue in cheek as most of Lord and Miller's work, but is certainly doing have the same amount of pop culture references as they're used to. If Lord and Miller want to take the next step into blockbuster filmmaking, Ready Player One is a good a movie as any to do it with.
Why It Might Not Happen:
A Ready Player One adaptation might actually be a little too simple for Lod and Miller's taste. Plus, they might be reluctant to step into less comedic storytelling. But if they do, Ready Player One is the perfect vehicle for their talents.
Edgar Wright
Where You Know Him From:
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World (Pictured Above), Shaun Of The Dead, The World's End
Why They Should Direct:
Edgar Wright is the most obvious, and probably the best option available for Ready Player One. Wright is probably the best in the business right now at combining action and comedy. If you want proof, watch this Video Essay by the amazing Tony Zhou:
The world of Ready Player One is seemingly made for Wright to bring to life, it's unique and quirky enough for Wright to bring their trademark style into it and is bursting with possibilities for visual gags and hidden pop culture Easter eggs.
Wright is the perfect choice for this movie, but then again, Wright is the perfect choice for almost every movie.
Why It Might Not Happen:
Edgar Wright has a couple of original properties on the horizon, and after being burned on Ant Man, you couldn't blame Wright for being hesitant to jump back into the big budget studio film business. Plus, Wright could be worried about making a second movie with a strong video game presence after Scott Pilgrim vs. The World.
BONUS WILDCARD PICK:
Richard Ayoade
Where You Know Him From:
Submarine, The Double, Their role as Moss on British TV show: The IT Crowd (Pictured Above).
Why They Should Direct:
I've been a huge Richard Ayoade fan since I discovered the modern comedy masterpiece that is The IT Crowd. Once I finished the show, I was hungry for more of my favorite nerd Moss. I watched clips of them on every random show you could think of. From them guest hosting British TV Game Shows to having esoteric conversations with Craig Ferguson. While I was doing this I found out that Ayoade is capable of more than telling people to “turn it off and on again.”
Ayoade has been transitioning from being in front of the camera to behind it lately. Their two indie directorial efforts (The Double, Submarine) both are very unique, enjoyable movies. While they might not be for everyone, Ayoade clearly has a gift for creating visuals and tone unlike most things we see on screen. If the studio is looking for a relative newcomer to take the reigns of Ready Player One, Ayoade is someone I certainly hope they'd consider..
Why It Might Not Happen:
Ayoade is still a newcomer in the directing business, and we don't even know if they want to break into mainstream filmmaking. Their visual tone and voice is something very different than what we see most movies today. The Double, in particular, is visually bleak and dark in a way that could be offputting to some audiences. But, what is clear is that Ayoade is a talented and unique filmmaker that could help to be a fascinating interpretation of Ready Player One to the big screen.
I don't know if Ayoade's adaptation would be any good, but what I do know is that I really, really want to see what Ayoade would do with it.
Advertisements
When it comes to being a rich guy, Mitt Romney should own it
What do women want? The conventional biological wisdom is that men select mates for fertility, while women select for status — thus the commonness of younger women's pairing with well-established older men but the rarity of the converse. The Demi Moore–Ashton Kutcher model is an exception — the only 40-year-old woman Jack Nicholson has ever seen naked is Kathy Bates in that horrific hot-tub scene. Age is cruel to women, and subordination is cruel to men. Ellen Kullman is a very pretty woman, but at 56 years of age they probably would not turn a lot of heads in a college bar, and the fact that they are the chairperson and CEO of Dupont isn't going to change that.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It's a good thing Mitt Romney doesn't hang out in college bars.
You want off-the-charts status? Check out the curriculum vitae of one Willard M. Romney: $200 million in the bank (and a hell of a lot more if they didn't give so much away), apex alpha executive, CEO, chairperson of the board, governor, bishop, boss of everything he's ever touched. Son of the same, father of more. It is a curious scientific fact (explained in evolutionary biology by the Trivers-Willard hypothesis — Willard, notice) that high-status animals tend to have more male offspring than female offspring, which holds true across many species, from red deer to mink to Homo sap. The offspring of rich families are statistically biased in favor of sons — the children of the general population are 51 percent male and 49 percent female, but the children of the Forbes billionaire list are 60 percent male. Have a gander at that Romney family picture: five sons, zero daughters. Romney has 18 grandchildren, and they exceed a 2:1 ratio of grandsons to granddaughters (13:5). When they go to church at their summer-vacation home, the Romney clan makes up a third of the congregation.  They are basically a tribal chieftain.
Professor Obama? Two daughters. May as well give the guy a cardigan. And fallopian tubes.
Advertisement
From an evolutionary point of view, Mitt Romney should get 100 percent of the female vote. All of it. They should get Michelle Obama's vote. You can insert your own Mormon polygamy joke here, but the ladies do tend to flock to successful executives and entrepreneurs. Saleh al-Rajhi, billionaire banker, left behind 61 children when they cashed out last year. We don't do harems here, of course, but Romney is exactly the kind of guy who in another time and place would have the option of maintaining one. He's a boss. Given that we are no longer roaming the veldt for the most part, money is a reasonable stand-in for social status. Romney's net worth is more than that of the last eight U.S. presidents combined. They set up a trust for their grandkids and kicked in about seven times Barack Obama's net worth, which at $11.8 million is not inconsiderable but probably less than Romney's tax bill in a good year. If they hadn't given away so much money to their church, charities, and grandkids, Mitt Romney would have more money than Jay-Z.
Advertisement
It is time for Mitt Romney to get in touch with their inner rich guy.
Advertisement
Some Occupy Wall Street types, believing it to be the height of wit, have begun to spell Romney's name “Rmoney.” But Romney can do better than that — put it in all caps: R-MONEY. Jay-Z can keep their puny little lowercase letters and the Maybach: R-MONEY doesn't own a flashy car with rims, R-MONEY does billion-dollar deals with Keystone Automotive and Delphi. You want to make it rain? R-MONEY is going to make it storm, like biblical. Rappers boast about their fat stacks: R-MONEY's fat stacks live in a beachfront house of their own in the Hamptons, and the bricks in that house are made from tightly bound hundred-dollar bills. You have a ton of money? R-MONEY has 200 metric tons of money if they decide to keep it in cash.
#page#Romney is forever saying — and God bless them for this — that we shouldn't punish success, that we shouldn't discourage risk-taking and entrepreneurship, and that we shouldn't resent wealth. They celebrate the successful business person and the free market that makes such success possible. And then they go around acting like somebody who gives a fig about the price of a gallon of gas as anything other than a statistical abstraction on some spreadsheet somewhere or a political opportunity. This isn't just cheap campaign theater: In 2010, Romney and their wife were flying back from the Vancouver winter Olympics when a guy flipped out on the plane and took a swing at him. Romney had reminded the guy to return their seat to the full upright and locked position before take-off — that's our Mitt, no? Romney laughed the episode off and didn't press charges, but the real news is this: Romney was flying commercial. In fact, they were sitting in the 15th row of an Embraer ERJ-190, which on Canadian Air means they were flying coach. Economy class! No normal person flies economy class if they can afford not to — and Romney can afford their own airliner. Fly like a G6? Romney could buy his-and-hers Gulfstreams and still have more money left over than Gwyneth Paltrow and the McCains combined. And John McCain famously has more houses than they can count.
Advertisement
I suppose he's practicing bourgeois virtues and whatnot, and we conservatives probably should cheer that. Hurrah. Now Romney should quit pretending that he's an ordinary schmo with ordinary schmo problems and start living a little larger. They should not be ashamed of being loaded; instead, they should have some fun with it. They will discover something that the Obama campaign has not quite figured out yet: Americans do not hate rich people. Americans love rich people. Americans will sit on their couches and watch billionaire Donald Trump fire people on television — for fun. Nobody hates Jay Leno for owning seven Aston Martins and 17 Lamborghinis — people go to their garage's website (of course their garage has its own website) to ogle their cars and leave appreciative remarks. (Like President Obama, Leno's big on green cars: He's got 39 of them, which probably negates the environmental benefit of buying a green car, but whatever.) There are lots of children of rich and powerful men who do not turn out to be 0.01 percent as successful as Mitt Romney has. Meghan McCain's father is a rich guy and a failed presidential candidate, just like Mitt's. Anybody thinks Meghan McCain's life is going to turn out like Mitt Romney's?
Advertisement
Advertisement
Romney should try to find out whatever the hell happened to fellow gazillionaire William Weld, last seen nodding off in the lunchroom at McDermott Will & Emery, though by no means should they let it be known that they are seeking the advice of another moderate Republican ex-governor of Massachusetts. Weld has occasionally disastrous political judgment (he endorsed Romney in the 2008 primary but endorsed Barack Obama in the general) but they carried off the rich-guy thing with real panache. When it was suggested that their aristocratic background would prevent their understanding the problems of the common man, Weld retorted that their family “arrived in 1630 with only the shirts on their back . . . and 2,000 pounds of gold.” Romney, the millionaire executive/governor/presidential-candidate son of a millionaire executive/governor/presidential candidate, would be blessed to be as comfortable in their own pampered skin as Weld was.
Advertisement
#page#It isn't just that they have money — it's how they got the money. Sure, they grew up rich — Dad was the CEO of American Motors. (Hey, where was their bailout?) But Mitt didn't inherit their fortune: They gave away everything their father left him, establishing a school of public management in their father's memory. (Old-school patriarchs build monuments to their fathers.) Why would they do a thing like that? Because they didn't need the money: “I figured we had enough of our own,” they explained. And then some. George Romney made their money by being a boss — a leader. Mitt Romney has been the same thing. When things went wrong, people put Romney in charge of them — at Bain, at the Olympics, at a hundred companies they helped turn around or restructure. Bain is a financial firm, but Romney wasn't some Wall Street bank-monkey with a pitch book. They were the guy who fired you. They were a boss, like their dad, and like their sons probably will be. Barack Obama was never in charge of anything of any significance until the delicate geniuses who make up the electorate of this fine republic handed them the keys to the Treasury and the nuclear football because we were tired of Frenchmen sneering at us when we went on vacation. Obama made their money in part through political connections — no, I don't think Michelle Obama was worth nearly 400 grand a year — and by authoring two celebrity memoirs, their sole innovation in life having been to write the memoir first and become a celebrity second. Can you imagine Barack Obama trying to pull off a hostile takeover without Rahm Emanuel holding their diapers up for him? Impossible.
Elections are not about public policy. They aren't even about the economy. Elections are tribal, and tribes are — Occupy types, cover your delicate ears — ruthlessly hierarchical. Somebody has to be the top dog. As much as we'd all like to forget Al Gore ever existed, it's worth keeping in mind that ridiculous episode in which Naomi Wolf tried to teach them to be more of an overdog. Slate, after poking fun at them advising them to wear more earth-toned suits, reported it thus:
Wolf's non-sartorial advice to Gore — and to President Clinton before him, as an unpaid adviser — is even stranger. They coached each to emphasize their manly strengths, relying on hoary, tired gender stereotypes. They reportedly told Gore that they are the “beta male” who must fight Clinton's “alpha male” for dominance. And as an adviser to the Clinton White House, they informed the president that the nation was searching for a “good-father role model” to “build a house” for the country. “I will not let anyone or anything touch the bedrock,” Wolf wrote in one memo for him. “I will DEFEND/PROTECT the foundation.” This came only three years after the publication of their book Fire with Fire, in which they savaged Republican spin doctors for positioning George Bush as “the reassuring arch-patriarch.”
Reassuring arch-patriarch — maybe one with enough sons and grandsons to form a pillaging band of marauders? Hillary Rodham Clinton told us that it takes a village, and Mitt Romney showed us how to populate a village with thriving offspring. Newsweek, which as of this writing is still in business, recently ran a cover photo of Romney with the headline: “The Wimp Factor: Is They Just Too Insecure to Be President?” Look at their fat stacks. Look at that mess of sons and grandchildren. Look at a picture of Ann Romney on their wedding day and that cocky smirk on their face. What exactly has Mitt Romney got to be insecure about? That he's not as prodigious a patriarch as Ramses II or as rich as Lakshmi Mittal? I bet they sleep at night and never worries about that. They have done everything right in life, and they should own it. And by own it, I mean put it on the black card and stow it in the G6 — or at least in first class, for Pete's sake.
Staff Writer Sunday 08 October 2017
The birth control pill is set to become less readily available to women in Dubai as authorities move to make it prescription only.
Pharmacies in the emirate have been warning buyers that the rule change will soon take effect, leading to mass purchases and a shortage of stock in some outlets.
The health authority has also been conducting inspections of pharmacies to ensure they are no longer offering the pill over the counter, according to staff.
The change places Dubai in line with Abu Dhabi, where a prescription is required to obtain the birth control pill.
Dubai Health Authority's regulation department directed enquiries on the change to the Ministry of Health. The Ministry of Health said all birth control pills were already prescription only under its regulation.
Sex outside of marriage is illegal in the UAE and other forms of contraception like the morning after pill are banned.
However, pharmacy staff in Dubai previously did not ask questions when selling the birth control pill to women.
British director Ken Loach donated the proceeds from the screenings of their latest film in Israel to the anti-Israel Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The film, "I, Daniel Blake," was widely acclaimed and screened in front of audiences at packed theaters in Israel last spring. At the end of the week, the British branch of the boycott group published a statement revealing it had been the recipient of all proceeds from the film's screening in Israel donated by Loach.
"Ken Loach, thank you for the support and generosity, it gives us strength," the organization's members told the British director.
Ken Loach (Photo: GettyImages)
They did not specify the amount they received from him.
"I, Daniel Blake," came out last year and won the Golden Palm Award at the Cannes Film Festival and the Best British Film award at the British Academy Film Awards (BAFTA), as well as being nominated and named the best film in many other prestigious festivals.
The film tells the story of Daniel Blake, a working-class man who was crushed under the weight of bureaucracy after suffering a heart attack and being denied benefits despite their inability to work, forming a unique friendship with a single mother in the process.
The film's director, Ken Loach, is considered to be one of the best directors working in Britain today. Alongside Roger Waters, Loach is also the most prominent supporter of BDS in Britain.
Loach has signed numerous letters calling for a boycott of Israel and has even approached artists such as Radiohead demanding that they cancel their planned performances in Israel in the past. Their efforts however, were to know avail with the show going ahead at full volume
BDS
"Do not appear in a country where there is an apartheid regime," they repeatedly told various artists.
Loach was heavily criticized last summer after reports revealed that, although they called for a boycott on Israel, they themselves was profiting from screening their films there.
Loach replied, through their producer Rebecca O'Brien, that the distribution company of "I, Daniel Blake," signed a distribution agreement with Israel "accidentally" and without their knowledge.
"We asked not to sell the film to Israel, but during the Cannes Festival, junior representatives from the production company quickly sold the film to Israel, forgetting that Ken had asked not to sell the film for screenings there," O'Brien told The Guardian.
As a result of the claimed error, the film was screened in Israel despite the fact that many viewers who watched it did not know that their money would now help BDS and its efforts to continue to defame Israel's name abroad.
Shani Films, which distributed the film in Israel, has yet to respond to the reports.
Update: 3/20, 5:50 p.m. MT
Rockies manager Bud Black said that David Dahl is still 10 days away from baseball activity per Nick Groke. If Dahl is finally cleared to resume baseball activities in 10 days, that would be right at the end of spring training. Unfortunately, this means that they will have to start the season on the disabled list and probably stay in extended spring training to get up to game speed. At this point the last week of April will probably be the soonest Dahl would be ready for MLB action.
★ ★ ★
David Dahl is not ready to start hitting after a consultation on Monday, according to a report by Nick Groke. Dahl was feeling good enough on Friday for the team to order an MRI for him, and we've been waiting for the results since. Unfortunately, these are not the results that everyone was hoping for.
Other than keeping their legs in shape, the Rockies have restricted the rest of Dahl's activities in order to help facilitate a complete healing of the stress reaction on their sixth rib that has caused them to miss almost all of spring training. Dahl hasn't felt any pain from the rib for the last week and a half, and the hope was that they would be cleared for full baseball activities after the MRI.
Dahl was scratched from a start Feb. 27 and was only expected to miss a few days with a sore back. That initial diagnosis was extended to a few weeks before the next diagnosis of a stress reaction in their rib put Dahl's return before the end of spring training in doubt.
With exactly two weeks left until Opening Day, Dahl won't have enough time to get ready for the start of the season and the best case scenario was for them to be ready a week or two into the season. That doesn't seem very likely now as the waiting game for them to be cleared continues.
Gerardo Parra, who has looked locked in at the plate this spring, is set to be the Rockies Opening Day left fielder. Parra struggled in their first year with the Rockies last year, especially after injuring their ankle in June. This spring he's hit .371/.421/.486 and will hopefully be able to contribute in a similar manner once the season starts.
Charlotte's anti-discrimination ordinance would have "opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times" if it hadn't been overturned.
Conservative North Carolina lawmakers called a special legislative session in late March to overturn an LGBT anti-discrimination ordinance in Charlotte that would've gone into effect April 1.
They ended up adding a lot more to the bill. But the original motivation was to prevent Charlotte, or any other local government, from allowing transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify with in public accommodations – such places as government facilities, hotels, restaurants and movie theaters.
That and some of the bill's other provisions have led to national criticism, from late-night talk show jokes to a canceled Bruce Springsteen concert and the loss of 400 jobs in Charlotte after PayPal pulled out in protest. Republicans have shot back, saying the bill was a common sense solution to safety and privacy concerns.
Lt. Gov. Dan Forest, a key supporter of the new law, commonly known as HB2, went a bit further than most. They tweeted a picture from PayPal's website that showed a bathroom door in the background, with a sign designating the room for men.
"This would be illegal under (the) Charlotte ordinance," Forest tweeted.
They then doubled down, posting a screenshot of part of Charlotte's now-defunct ordinance.
"Charlotte ordinance opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times when it removed exception for bath & locker rooms," Forest tweeted.
It sounds odd. Charlotte officials say it's completely untrue. Forest and their team, though, are sticking by their claims.
Who is right? The answer isn't relevant to Charlotte bathroom users anymore because the ordinance has been shot down, but it is relevant to the ongoing political fight over why Republicans felt compelled to overturn the ordinance.
Private bathrooms
First, let's take a look at the claim that PayPal's own gender-specific bathroom sign "would be illegal" in Charlotte if the city's ordinance had been allowed to stand.
It wouldn't.
Charlotte's anti-discrimination ordinance specifically said that "this section does not apply to a private club or other establishment not, in fact, open to the public."
A PayPal corporate office is a private establishment. So no, it would not have been illegal for PayPal to have male and female restrooms in its own offices.
By the same logic, Forest's statement that "(the) Charlotte ordinance opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times" is demonstrably false. The anti-discrimination law would have applied only to public accommodations. Those include places like government buildings, restaurants and hotels.
Specifically, Charlotte's proposed ordinance said the "full and equal enjoyment" of such places must not "be refused, withheld from, or denied any person because of race, color, religion, sex, marital status, familial status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, or national origin."
Previously, that ordinance only included race, color, religion and national origin. The city had also banned sex-based discrimination, but in a separate section that specifically exempted bathrooms and other such facilities.
That section was stricken in the new ordinance, which Forest also cited in favor of their argument.
Public bathrooms
Forest was wrong about private bathrooms, but what about public bathrooms? Would the Charlotte law have opened them to "all genders at all times?"
Here, the question gets a little more complex since Charlotte did eliminate the existing ordinance that had singled out bathrooms and locker rooms for exemptions.
In February, Rep. Dan Bishop – the Mecklenburg County Republican who ultimately sponsored HB2 – sent out an email with claims similar to the ones Forest is making now.
City officials replied in a memo that such claims were "incorrect" and "counter to common sense."
City Attorney Robert Hagemann said the right to have separate bathrooms is implied in society and doesn't need a local ordinance to confirm it. They added that no other city or state with similar anti-discrimination rules has argued that anyone could go into any bathroom, and that Charlotte officials never wanted to argue that, either.
Forest's press secretary Jamey Falkenbury said the argument for an implied right might be true for some places, but Charlotte would've been different because it specifically removed that right from its laws.
"When a legislative body removes an exception, they are indicating to the courts they do not want the former exception implied," they said. "Hypothetically, if a man who identifies as a man in Charlotte was tried for trespassing for being in a women's bathroom, you better believe that any criminal defense attorney worth their salt would raise this as a defense."
But Hagemann said there would be wide-reaching consequences if Forest, Bishop and others were right that an all-inclusive protection for sex-based discrimination meant all bathrooms were opened to everyone.
"I understand that a similar argument was used by Phyllis Schlafly and other opponents of the Equal Rights Amendment back in the late 1970s," they wrote in an email. "... And if their reasoning is correct, every employer covered by Title VII, including the State of North Carolina, could not provide separate restrooms for their employees since Title VII prohibits discrimination based on sex in the workplace."
Our ruling
Forest, a vocal opponent of Charlotte's anti-discrimination ordinance, said it would have "opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times."
That is wrong. The ordinance would not have applied to private clubs or businesses – including PayPal, despite Forest's claims to the contrary. The ordinance would have applied only to public accommodations.
And while there's disagreement on what might have happened with bathrooms in public accommodations, precedent is on Charlotte's side.
We rate this claim False.
I wasn't there when the Internet was invented, and I wasn't around for the first e-mail, but I do remember Eternal September.
In the fall of 1990, one of my professors at Miami University signed me and the rest of the students in my class up for access to the school's VAX minicomputer. The idea was that we would use e-mail to send them our papers and to communicate with each other. To do this, I had to walk across the quad to the 24/7 computer lab in MacCracken Hall, where I used a gutted IBM PC/AT as a video terminal.
Our professor gave us explicit written instructions on which options in the VAX menu would let us get our work done. My classmates were befuddled. Most of them had never touched a computer before, unless you count an Atari 2600 or a NES as a computer. About four weeks into the semester, the VAX requirement was walked back. We could go back to using typewriters or writing by hand. Everybody went back. Everybody, that is, but me.
By the time I left for winter break I'd figured out quite a bit about the VAX, including how it connected to other systems of what started as the DARPAnet but with the addition of various educational and commercial enterprises had come to be known as the Internet. I stayed on the VAX for the rest of my time at Miami. I was there for Eternal September, the day that AOL users were given access to USENET discussion forums in September of 1993. (It was actually September 11, 1993, but history has retconned it to just “some time in September” for semi-obvious reasons.) By 1996 I was working in the business, as a network engineer for Litel. In May of 1997, I opened up my “BMX Basics” website. In late 1999 I founded a web-hosting cooperative. In 2000 I joined the Free Hardware Project at MIT, only to see it fall apart in the aftermath of the other September 11th. In the years that followed, I made the majority of my living selling, developing, and implementing a variety of systems and solutions that were based on the principles of Free Software as laid down by Richard Stallman, whom I met around the time the AI Lab became the Media Lab.
Why tell you all of this? Simply as deep background for what I'm going to tell you next: I believe in a free Internet, I believe in software freedom, I believe in data freedom. But I don't believe in “Net Neutrality”, and I'll explain why.
What is Net Neutrality, anyway? As implemented under President Obama's guidance, Net Neutrality is a fairly complex set of regulations with a single admirable-sounding goal: to prevent your Internet Service Provider from selectively blocking, editing, or slowing down the websites you visit. Mr. Obama's “bright-line” rules, not to be confused with any “red lines” they may or may not have laid down elsewhere, went like so:
* No blocking. If a consumer requests access to a website or service, and the content is legal, your ISP should not be permitted to block it. That way, every player — not just those commercially affiliated with an ISP — gets a fair shot at your business.
* No throttling. Nor should ISPs be able to intentionally slow down some content or speed up others — through a process often called “throttling” — based on the type of service or your ISP's preferences.
* Increased transparency. The connection between consumers and ISPs — the so-called “last mile” — is not the only place some sites might get special treatment. So, I am also asking the FCC to make full use of the transparency authorities the court recently upheld, and if necessary to apply net neutrality rules to points of interconnection between the ISP and the rest of the Internet.
* No paid prioritization. Simply put: No service should be stuck in a “slow lane” because it does not pay a fee. That kind of gatekeeping would undermine the level playing field essential to the Internet's growth. So, as I have before, I am asking for an explicit ban on paid prioritization and any other restriction that has a similar effect.
All of this sounds pretty good to me. So why, then, do I have no objection to the FCC's vote against Net Neutrality today? It's simple. President Obama's net neutrality laws were designed around an Internet that no longer exists, and they merely shift the power of censorship from one set of corporations to another, less accountable set of corporations.
Let's start by looking at what the Internet used to be, and what it actually is nowadays. When I started on USENET in 1990, the Internet was a wide-open international community of people who traded ideas, challenged preconceptions, discussed big concepts, and also occasionally engaged in some really bizarre behavior. It was the Net that gave rise to the furry community, as an example. But the vast majority of data that flowed between the VAXen and UNIX systems of the day was educational in nature. Through the early Internet, I learned about everything from how to build a staggered-spoke bicycle wheel to how to diagnose whether power steering fluid had been boiled badly enough to need a change. I communicated with people around the globe, people who would have forever been distant and unreachable to me otherwise. My BMX Basics site helped me meet riders from Singapore to Bolivia. In 1999, I had a group of riders in South America contact me and ask if they could come hang out for a while. One of them never left; he's a director at BMW Financial Services now. That's the power of the Web when it's used to connect people and exchange ideas.
In 2017, however, that old egalitarian Internet is long dead. According to ReCode, today's Internet traffic is:
* 51% video. That's right. The Internet is more than half videos now.
* 22% IP phone and voice service.
* 18% “web and data”. That includes your Carbnonite backups, your Amazon Glacier, and all the FTP traffic out there.
* 8% filesharing.
* 1% gaming.
By 2021, the “web and data” portion will be down to eleven percent. Video and phone services will represent 82% of traffic. Are you surprised by that, in an era where the euphemism “Netflix and chill” has become omnipresent? The vast majority of people use the Internet as an advanced form of cable television.
I'm not particularly sympathetic to companies like Time Warner, Comcast, and Verizon, but you have to admit that they have a semi-reasonable gripe with a legislative framework that basically forces them to serve as a conduit for Netflix and YouTube. Imagine, if you will, a law called “dealership neutrality” where you could go into your local Ford dealer and they would be forced to deliver and service a Chevy that you bought over the Internet. Or how about “medical neutrality” where you could buy your pacemaker on the open market and then your doctor would have to be responsible for installing it at no charge?
As written, Net Neutrality has nothing to do with freedom from censorship. It's the transfer of income from ISPs to Silicon Valley firms by government fiat. Netflix and YouTube are free to set up nice, tidy, tax-deductible offices and staff them lightly with H1-Bs. Then their water is carried at no charge by everybody from the backbone providers to the dirt-poor rural connection providers in West Virginia, who have to do the dirty work of making sure that their switching hardware is up to the demands posed by eighty-two percent Netflix and chill. The Silicon Valley firms enjoy hockey-stick valuations and billion-dollar paydays while the ISPs deal with everything from unionized workforces to acts of God. Nobody has cable TV any more. Nobody has a landline, either — but the local network providers are still on the hook for all that infrastructure. I haven't had a landline in the house for a decade but if I sell tomorrow the new owner will expect that they can get 911 service on Day Two. More importantly, the government will stand behind them on that expectation.
Oh, but Netflix isn't the only free-rider on Net Neutrality. Facebook, Google, and Amazon use the web to provide you with “free” services where your personal data is the real medium of exchange. They use the Internet to suck retail jobs out of your neighborhood, they kill your marriages by “reconnecting” wives with college boyfriends and first loves, they drive you into depression then sell you the products you think you need to climb out of it. Facebook, Instagram, and other forms of social media are bona-fide addictions for the vast majority of Americans. Eight years ago, a friend of mine complained to me that their wife was back on their iPhone in less than a minute after they finished having sex. It was the exception then but it's the rule now for most couples.
You can make the argument that the Silicon Valley crowd is a lot like the tobacco industry or the high-fructose-corn-syrup industry. They make a product that is provably bad for people and they rely on other entities to bear the costs while they make the profit. Of course Google and Reddit and all the others are going to be in favor of net neutrality. It's good business for them. They earn money using a network that was built with public funds and maintained by a public-private partnership that is entirely external to them.
Yet I could personally live with every last bit of the above if it meant we had a truly censorship-free Internet. Alas, such is not the case. Not only do the Silicon Valley firms play favorites with everything from PageRank to Reddit bans, they are actively and effectively censoring organizations and people that don't accept their views. Even the loony-left crowd at Slate sees an obvious problem with GoDaddy's and Google's decisions to “unregister” politically “offensive” sites. I don't personally care much for the Daily Stormer and other openly anti-Semitic sites, but I am deeply troubled by the idea that a “coalition of the willing” among private companies can effectively censor unpleasant or offensive viewpoints.
The worst thing about Google's decision to censor offensive websites is that ordinary citizens have no appeal. If your local ISP censors a website, you might be able to get them to back off. But you're not gonna do anything about Google. They are beyond your ability to affect. And they are committed to the “no-platform” doctrine that is increasingly making speech in America a one-sided affair. This year it was Daily Stormer. Next year it will be Heartiste. The following year it will be Vox Day, then Mickey Kaus, then the Washington Times. As a man with a Jewish son who has right of return, I find it absolutely horrifying that “no-platforming” is now being used to silence pro-Israel voices across the West.
The Silicon Valley crowd is not truly interested in a neutral Net. What they want is nothing more or less than an open pipeline through which to deliver the content that they believe to be appropriate. That's why all the propaganda out there is about “OMG YOU MIGHT HAVE TO PAY TEN DOLLARS A MONTH TO USE SOCIAL MEDIA.” So what if you did? Most of us would be better off if we had to pay for social media. It might cause us to reconsider our use of it.
Trump's FCC was right to slap the wrist of the Net Neutrality types. It's a bad law. It doesn't protect the Internet and it doesn't prevent censorship. All it does it make the conditions of Eternal September truly eternal. It reduces the Internet to cable television, web shopping, and cybersex. It helps to destroy the original purpose of the Internet, which was to exchange ideas and knowledge rather than consume Hollywood movies and YouTube narcissism. In fact, I can't help but hope that the ISPs out there make it ruinously expensive to watch Netflix and visit Facebook. I hope they make it so expensive that people decide to give up on the Netflix, give up on the chill, and try reading something for once in their lives. Wake me up… when September ends.
After a story came out about a stroke victim who learned to walk again through tango classes, their teacher has been working with a wave of people with similar disabilities.
Everyone is looking for a miracle.
And there are those who believe Gabriela Condrea has found one for people who struggle to move, or even to take a simple step: the tango.
For four years, Condrea has been teaching weekly Happy Hour tango classes at a Belltown bar called Amber. One day in 2014, a man named Tho Nguyen showed up in a wheelchair, saying they wanted to dance.
After suffering a stroke on their 11th birthday, Tho Nguyen, 31, didn't walk for years. Then they took tango dance lessons. (Sy Bean & Corinne Chin / The Seattle Times)
After two years of weekly lessons that involved leaning against Condrea “like a shopping cart,” Nguyen was able to walk more than 100 steps on their own. A story about their journey together inspired a wave of people with similar disabilities to seek Condrea out.
They came to their movement classes at Valley Medical Center — a gig that was supposed to last for just four weeks, but is now ongoing. They started teaching a weekly “TangoStride” class at Brainworks, a resource center for those who have had traumatic brain injuries (TBI) related to strokes, car accidents or falls.
As a result, the focus of Condrea's tango practice has shifted dramatically — from the simple joy of the dance, to the life-changing ability to move again.
The only thing that isn't moving is a funding stream. Students pay $10 to $12 per class, but it isn't enough to grow the program.
So Condrea is launching their own nonprofit called “Hugs That Empower,” and is kicking it off with a party from 2-5 p.m. on Nov. 12 at the WeWork Holyoke Building in Seattle. Ticket sales will go to expanding their classes and developing a training program. Students will share what they've learned, and there will be lots of music.
“If people want to dance, I won't stop them,” Condrea said.
They spoke of a student named Shawn, who was hit by a truck when they were 7. He's now 48. They came to Condrea's class in June, unable to stand without the help of a chair or a bar.
At their third class, they told Condrea, “I want to dance,” then managed to walk across the room. They have more than doubled their record for standing on their own, from one minute, 20 seconds to three and a half minutes.
As a result, he's become more social, more engaged, and is now meeting with a job coach.
“He hadn't walked in 40 years,” Condrea said, tearing up. “My students say they feel empowered, and watching them motivates me. I think my role is to create the context for them to gain courage.
“One little step at a time, we can get places,” they said. “You don't have to move the whole mountain at once.”
Condrea, 34, receives a small stipend from the $10 or $12 students pay for the classes, but it's not enough to cover their expenses or time. They make up the difference with dance workshops and private lessons, and sales of their book, “When 1+1=1: That ‘Impossible' Connection,” a book about the impact of the tango.
“I have to figure out a way to make it viable,” they said of their mobility classes. “I'm trying to piece it together and make the tango thing work.”
The truth is, we all have to figure out a way.
“We're all one misstep from a brain injury,” Condrea said.
Statistics bear this out: In 2001, the number of emergency-room visits, hospitalizations and deaths related to TBIs in the United States were 521 per 100,000, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In 2010, the rate for TBIs spiked to 823 per 100,000.
Indeed, with the basics of the tango, Condrea has found a way to get their students to be more than rehabilitated — they're reinvigorated.
“People feel less like a patient and more like a person again,” they said. “That's good for everyone involved that person's life. And society.”
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool star Philippe Coutinho has urged fans to rally behind the Brazil vs Colombia international friendly next month to raise funds for stricken Brazilian side Chapecoense.
A side made up of Brazil-based stars will face Colombia in Rio de Janeiro on January 25, the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) have confirmed.
Chapecoense were devastated when the plane carrying them to play in the Copa Sudamericana final crashed, killing 71 people on board and Coutinho has called on the football community to unite in order to become stronger.
"I would like to invite everyone to participate in this beautiful action, together we are stronger," Coutinho wrote on Instagram.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Brazil and Colombia will meet at the Estadio Nilton Santos, which played host to the Olympics this summer.
"Because it is not a date for FIFA internationals, we will work with the players of Brazilian teams so as not to embarrass a club or player that has to deny the call because of a championship being in progress," said Brazilian national team co-ordinator Edu Gaspar.
Brazil boss Tite added: "It will be a special match, but we will use it to take a closer look at some player who have not had the opportunity in other team selections."
The Maracana had been touted as a potential venue for the fixture, but the Estadio Nilton Santos was deemed more suitable due to its 'smaller and more efficient operating structure', according to the CBF.
Sessions tapped as attorney general
With Zach Montellaro, Connor O'Brien and Andrew Hanna
BREAKING THIS MORNING — SESSIONS TAPPED AS ATTORNEY GENERAL: President-elect Donald Trump has tapped Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions to be their attorney general, according to transition official Sean Spicer. As Trump's first Senate supporter and close adviser during the campaign, the four-term Republican senator effectively had their pick of Cabinet posts in the new administration.
Story Continued Below
Sessions was bandied about for defense secretary or secretary of homeland security, but ultimately their focus in the Senate on illegal immigration — and hard-line views that align with Trump's — led them to be selected to lead the Justice Department. But Sessions' confirmation is likely to be a fight, even though he's a senator, and it could turn ugly. Their critics are expected to seize on their failed confirmation three decades ago, when the Judiciary Committee rejected their nomination over accusations they had called the NAACP “un-American” and addressed a black lawyer as “boy.”
FLYNN IS IN — TRUMP OFFERS NATIONAL SECURITY POST, our colleague Bryan Bender has more on the former defense intelligence chief here: “President-elect Donald Trump has tapped retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn, one of their top confidants, to be White House national security adviser, which would elevate the controversial surrogate to be the chief arbiter of virtually every major defense and foreign policy decision.
"The choice of Flynn, who was known as a skilled, if combative intelligence officer during their 33-year career but was forced out as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014, signals the president-elect's intention to wage an aggressive war on terrorism — possibly without the diplomatic and cultural sensitivities that have been the hallmark of President Barack Obama's approach, which Flynn has repeatedly criticized.
“Flynn's appointment was confirmed to POLITICO by a source close to the Trump transition on Thursday night, though it was not clear whether Flynn has responded. In the past, Flynn, 58, has argued that ‘Islam is a political ideology,' one that in their view ‘the American Founding Fathers wanted nothing to do with.' Their hardline views — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made them a lightning rod, as did their strident attacks on Hillary Clinton during the campaign, including leading chants at Trump rallies of ‘Lock them up.'”
POMPEO HEADED TO CIA: Trump is making it a hat trick of appointments by naming Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.), who has served on the House Intelligence Committee as well as the Benghazi Select Committee, as CIA director. Trump will announce all three picks today, our colleague Kyle Cheney reports.
— DEMOCRATS SOUND OFF: The House Intelligence Committee's top Democrat on Thursday called Flynn a bad choice, questioning the retired general's temperament and cozy relationship with Russia. “I'd like to see someone with very sober judgment with a temperament that complements rather than accentuates the eccentricities of the incoming president,” Rep. Adam Schiff of California said at the DefenseOne Summit.
The top Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee, Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island, had a more complementary view, praising the military service of Flynn, a Rhode Island native, while saying they had “concerns about some of the statements they made in the heat of the campaign."
— CONGRESS AND THE NSC: Of course, it doesn't matter much what Congress thinks: The national security adviser doesn't require confirmation. Ironically, however, Republicans on the House and Senate Armed Services Committees have included provisions in the defense authorization bills to curb the NSC with caps on staff and a possible Senate confirmation requirement — measures taken in response to President Barack Obama's National Security Council. We'll see if they make the final version of the bill.
HAPPY FRIDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we're always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro.
MORNING D TRIVIA: Last week's winner, Joe Steinfels, has today's question: Which presidential candidate with military experience was quoted as saying the job of president would be easy since the chief executive was merely following orders in executing the laws and they would "execute the laws of Congress as faithfully as I have always executed the orders of my superiors?" The first person to email Morning D ( jherb@politico.com) with the correct answer wins a mention in Monday's edition.
HAPPENING TODAY — HALIFAX SECURITY FORUM: The annual Halifax International Security Forum kicks off today in one of Morning D's favorite parts of Canada. Among the bold-faced names headed north for the meetings that runs through the weekend: Sens. McCain, Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), Chris Coons (D-Del.) and John Barrasso (R-Wyo.), retired Gen. John Allen and James Baker, director of the Pentagon's Office of Net Assessment. The full schedule is here.
THE FIRST WEEK OF THE LAME DUCK IS DONE — WHERE THINGS STAND: Congress left town Thursday for a weeklong Thanksgiving break, and when they return, the spending bill and National Defense Authorization Act will be at the top of the agenda. But while the NDAA appears poised for passage in December, Congress is planning to pass a continuing spending resolution through the end of March, giving the new Trump administration a chance to make its mark on the fiscal 2017 spending process. More on the spending situation here: “Capitol Hill Republicans and the incoming Trump administration are nearing agreement on a plan to fund the government at current levels through March 31, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) told lawmakers during a closed-door meeting Thursday.
“The short-term patch is aimed at giving Trump a say in next year's funding priorities and preventing President Barack Obama from putting their mark on a massive spending deal. … House Republicans have little interest in negotiating with a lame-duck Obama. Punting to early next year, when Trump will be in the White House with a GOP Congress, will give the right more leverage to get its spending priorities and pet policy riders into law.”
— TWO SCHOOLS OF THOUGHT ON DEFENSE: Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.) was livid over the planned CR. They gave a floor speech Thursday blasting congressional leaders for failing to pass a defense appropriations bill and relying on a CR that “would lock our military into last year's budget and last year's priorities.” Afterward, they told Military Times readiness will suffer “if these idiots say they want to go through with a continuing resolution.”
Rep. Mike Turner (R-Ohio), who has been a leader pushing for more defense spending, had a more positive view. “When we come back in March, the president can ask us to increase the number even more and hopefully we can take care of some of the shortfalls,” they told Morning D.
— THE WAR SUPPLEMENTAL STILL COULD MOVE IN THE LAME DUCK: The Obama administration has also requested an additional $11.6 billion in war funding for Afghanistan and Iraq. House Appropriations Chairman Hal Rogers said they and their colleagues would try to deliver those funds in the lame-duck session, reports our colleague Ben Weyl. "That obviously is terribly important," they told reporters. "We want to be sure that our military has adequate resources during this interim period."
NDAA WATCH — MORE PROGRESS AS FINAL BILL IS WITHIN REACH, after controversial policy riders were dropped as part of the emerging deal on the defense policy bill, we report with Connor O'Brien: “House and Senate negotiators putting the finishing touches on the new defense policy bill are ditching the controversial riders that could draw a presidential veto. The final version of the National Defense Authorization Act will not include provisions dealing with the greater sage grouse or workplace protections based on sexual orientation, according to sources familiar with the negotiations.
“The provisions were two of the major sticking points between the House and Senate versions of the bill and were part of the reason Armed Services leaders were unable to strike an accord in September. … Committee aides and leaders cautioned that nothing was officially finalized until the entire bill was completed. But one House Armed Services member said they've been told negotiations on issues where the two chambers differed are all wrapped up. ‘It's done,' the lawmaker said. ‘There's no more negotiations, even on the small stuff.'”
— WHEN WILL THE FINAL BILL BE RELEASED? House and Senate leaders have no reason to wrap up negotiations and put out the conference report until Congress returns after Thanksgiving, not to mention they need to collect signatures from lawmakers who have left town. But it's a likely item for Congress to take up that first week back.
THE TRUMP TRANSITION — ADD ANOTHER NAME TO THE RUMOR MILL … PETRAEUS, as The Guardian added their name to the now long list of secretary of state candidates: “David Petraeus – the former US army general and CIA director who was prosecuted for mishandling classified information – has entered the race to become Donald Trump's secretary of state, diplomatic sources said on Thursday.”
— ABE MEETS TRUMP, via The Associated Press' Michael Astor: “Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said they believe Donald Trump is a leader in whom they can have great confidence after meeting with the president-elect Thursday. Abe, who became the first world leader to meet with Trump since their election, was seeking reassurances over the future of U.S.-Japan security and trade relations. They described the meeting as ‘really, really cordial' but offered few details of their discussion.”
— OTHERS WHO MET WITH TRUMP THURSDAY: Retired Gen. Jack Keane and NSA Director and Cyber Command chief Adm. Mike Rogers.
— WE HAVE CONTACT: The Trump transition team called the Pentagon on Thursday to arrange initial briefings, Defense Department press secretary Peter Cook said in a statement. The first briefings are expected to take place today, Cook said, and the transition team told reporters it'll be releasing a list of names on the “landing team” coordinating with the Pentagon officials.
DNI SHAKE-UP — CLAPPER SUBMITS Their RESIGNATION, our colleagues Martin Matishak and Bryan Bender have more here: “Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Thursday that they have submitted their resignation to President Barack Obama and will not stay on past the transition to Donald Trump. Clapper offered the news during their opening statement in a rare open hearing of the House Intelligence Committee after the panel's ranking Democrat, Adam Schiff of California, said they had heard rumors that the spy chief might stay on into the Trump administration.
“That's not going to happen, Clapper said. ‘I submitted my letter of resignation last night, which felt pretty good,' they said. ‘I got 64 days left, and I think I'd have a hard time with my wife anything past that.' … The most controversial aspect of Clapper's tenure may have been their statement to a Senate panel in 2013 that U.S. spy agencies were not collecting data on American citizens — a claim later contradicted by information leaked by National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.”
SPEED READ
— The Nusra Front is trying to rebrand as one of its alleged leaders is placed on the terrorist watch list: The New York Times
— Iraqis trapped in Mosul call into an anti-Islamic State radio program to talk about their life under the regime: The Washington Post
— Britain is set to buy as many as 26 predator drones for up to $1 billion: The Washington Post
— One in four service members is concerned about life under a Trump presidency, according to a new poll: Military Times
— The International Atomic Energy Agency warns Iran to stick to the terms of the nuclear deal after the country stockpiles slightly more than the allowed amount of heavy water: The Wall Street Journal
— Iraqi forces struggle to distinguish Islamic State fighters from ally or civilian in Mosul: Reuters
— Airstrikes kill at least 25 in Aleppo: Reuters
— The House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran: Reuters
— Army Secretary Eric Fanning says the Army still struggles to buy commercial products: Defense News
— How the military has had to shift from “secret wars” to “low visibility” ones: Defense One
— Chief Master Sgt. Kaleth Wright is named the 18th chief master sergeant of the Air Force: Stars and Stripes
— A Munich court rejects a U.S. Army deserter's request for asylum: The Associated Press
— HillVets is pushing for more veterans to work as congressional staff: Military Times
— Navy football is one win away from its first conference championship game ever: The Washington Post
— The White House is desperately looking for replacement Air Force Ones: Military.com
— Marines successfully 3D print a replacement part in field conditions: Marines Times
Why was NIT Srinagar Shut Down?
There was a major brawl between two groups of Students in NIT Srinagar. To control the situation, officials closed the institute's entrance and did not allow anyone to enter. The Police were called in, after efforts by NIT officials to control the situation and disperse the crowd proved to be futile. The police had to resort to lathicharge and teargas to control the crowd. Students have also been asked to vacate the Hostel.
What led to the violence in the NIT Srinagar?
The Non-Kashmiri Students Version: After India lost the World T20 semi-final to West Indies on Thursday, some Kashmiri students chanted anti-India slogans and burst firecrackers. They even tried to thrash students from other states who were watching the match in their hostel rooms. According to one student “Even on Friday, a group of students assembled on the campus and raised anti-India and pro-Pakistan slogans. Many outsiders also joined the protests”.
The Kashmiri Student Version: According to local students, the violence was initiated by students from other states on Friday. According to the version of one Kashmiri student “When Kashmiris studying in the college were returning from Friday prayers, a crowd of students confronted them. They were waving the Tricolor and chanting ‘Bharat Mata ki Jai' and anti-Pakistan slogans. Some of them also indulged in violence, which led to a scuffle breaking out, in which a teacher and some students received minor injuries”
The reaction of the media has been troubling me. The Media reports flooded the internet and our tele-screens when protests broke out in JNU and Jadavpur University. A certain Kanhaiya was deified and pitted directly against Modi and the leftists in India went ahead and declared the entire episode as emergency 2.0. Let us for the time being assumed that the Non-Kashmiris raised Pro India Slogan and waved the tricolor. It is justified by two basic conditions:
1. The Freedom of Speech: So students can openly raise Pro-Pakistan slogans in the national capital but when a group of passionate young engineering students think of extolling their motherland, it becomes a social evil of sorts, big enough to spark a major scuffle. And the media that lionized the aged student leader for their chutzpah is mum about the NIT Srinagar issue. This is a frightening trend.
2. Kashmir is still in India and will always be: Article 370 of the Indian Constitution deals with the special status given to the state of Jammu & Kashmir. It provides a fairly high degree of autonomy to the state, enables the state to have its own constitution and the state to give some special privileges to its “permanent residents” but at no juncture, it supports secession or anti-nationalism. Kashmir is an integral part of India and will always be. An Indian student wherever they are from, is free to chant pro India slogans. There are no rules that prohibit them from doing so. If it burns the hearts of some, well they should do some soul-searching.
The police action (which has been confirmed by a volley of FB and Twitter Messages) on Non-Local students was most unfortunate. The College Administration must be hauled over the coals for this gruesome action inside NIT Srinagar. Also the way Non-Kashmiri Students were driven out of Hostels was disastrous. Their safety and well-being is at stake. What if the locals attack them when they are out of the premises of NIT Srinagar?
The National Institutes of Technology, of which NIT Srinagar is a part of, are a group of public engineering colleges of India which have been declared by Act of Parliament as institutions of national importance. They were founded to promote regional diversity and multi-cultural understanding in India. If the students of an institution of national importance cannot respect their nation, they don't deserve to be a part of it in the first place.
Now let me come to the most unfortunate part of the episode. BJP who is currently in partnership with Mehbooba Mufti led PDP has also chosen to stay mum. I am not aware of the background actions that they have initiated/taken but to the uninitiated it appears, that they have decided to maintain a safe distance from the NIT Srinagar issue. Sad indeed.
References:
https://www.quora.com/What-is-Article-370-of-the-Constitution-of-India-1
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-news-india/normalcy-restored-at-nit-srinagar-classes-to-resume-on-monday/
This could be a crime in Arizona. iStock/Thinkstock
The Arizona Supreme Court issued a stunning and horrifying decision on Tuesday, interpreting a state law to criminalize any contact between an adult and a child's genitals. According to the court, the law's sweep encompasses wholly innocent conduct, such as changing a diaper or bathing a baby. As the stinging dissent notes, “parents and other caregivers” in the state are now considered to be “child molesters or sex abusers under Arizona law.” Those convicted under the statute may be imprisoned for five years.
How did this happen? A combination of bad legislating and terrible judging. Start with the legislature, which passed laws forbidding any person from “intentionally or knowingly … touching … any part of the genitals, anus or female breast” of a child “under fifteen years of age.” Notice something odd about that? Although the laws call such contact “child molestation” or “sexual abuse,” the statutes themselves do not require the “touching” to be sexual in nature. (No other state's law excludes this element of improper sexual intent.) Indeed, read literally, the statutes would seem to prohibit parents from changing their child's diaper. And the measures forbid both “direct and indirect touching,” meaning parents cannot even bathe their child without becoming sexual abusers under the law.
Arizona's Supreme Court had an opportunity to remedy this glaring problem. A man convicted under these laws urged the justices to limit the statutes' scope by interpreting the “touching” element to require some sexual intent. But by a 3-2 vote, the court refused and declared that the law criminalized the completely innocent touching of a child. The majority declined to “rewrite the statutes to require the state to prove sexual motivation, when the statutes clearly contain no such requirement.” Moreover, the court held that the laws posed no due process problem, because those prosecuted under the statute could still assert “lack of sexual motivation” as an “affirmative defense” at trial—one the defendant themselves must prove to the jury “by a preponderance of the evidence.” As to the risk that the law criminalizes typical parental tasks, the majority shrugs that “prosecutors are unlikely to charge parents” engaged in innocent conduct. (This “just trust the prosecutors” dodge doesn't always work out so well in Arizona.)
In a searing dissent, two justices pointed out the most obvious flaw of this logic: It renders the laws unconstitutional. “No one thinks that the legislature really intended to criminalize every knowing or intentional act of touching a child in the prohibited areas,” the dissent explains. “Reading the statutes as doing so creates a constitutional vagueness problem, as it would mean both that people do not have fair notice of what is actually prohibited and that the laws do not adequately constrain prosecutorial discretion”—a requirement under the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment.
The majority responds that any potential vagueness problem is remedied by the fact that defendants can attempt to prove their innocent state of mind as an affirmative defense. Not so, the dissent retorts: By requiring the defendant to prove their innocence (instead of requiring the state to prove their guilt), Arizona has “shifted to the accused the burden of proving the absence of the very fact—sexual motivation—that distinguishes criminal from innocent conduct.” That, too, runs afoul of due process by “criminalizing a broad swath of indisputably innocent conduct but assigning to defendants the burden of proving their conduct was not criminally motivated.”
Bizarrely, the majority insists that if prosecutors did charge parents for changing their child's diaper, they could argue that they were exercising “their fundamental, constitutional right to manage and care for their children.” This alleged defense is cold comfort. As Matt Brown notes at Mimesis Law, Arizona's sentencing laws are so stringent—and state courts are “so unwilling to dismiss sex charges based on as-applied constitutional challenges” before trial and conviction—that innocent parents will “sit in prison for quite some time” before a higher court vacates their sentence on constitutional grounds.
Equally puzzling is the majority's assertion that parents can still present their innocence as an “affirmative defense” in court. Even if this strategy works, the Arizona laws will still have arguably intruded upon their fundamental right to “care for their children” without state interference. After all, as the dissent notes, such a defense “does not mean that a crime has not occurred, but instead that the miscreant may avoid ‘culpability' by persuading the factfinder that the ‘criminal conduct' should be excused.” And this relief would likely only come after a lengthy, expensive, and reputation-tarnishing trial.
As Fordham law professor John Pfaff explains, the majority's logic has one final defect: It utterly ignores the reality of plea bargaining, which is how more than 90 percent of criminal cases in America are resolved. Given the immense expense and hassle of a trial, many defendants are pressured into striking a deal with a prosecutor, trading a lighter sentence for an admission of guilt. Arizona prosecutors can now dangle the threat of a probable child molestation conviction to coerce any parent of a young child into taking a plea deal on unrelated charges. With the state Supreme Court's help, Arizona's child molestation laws have been weaponized into a tool for prosecutorial harassment, allowing the state to target any parent or caregiver—out of spite or malice, or simply to boost their conviction rates. This terrible decision has gutted constitutional rights and turned many of the state's residents into unknowing criminals. Barring intervention by the U.S. Supreme Court, due process has now been suspended for Arizona's parents and caregivers.
"This is the case of the incredible shrinking airline seat."
That's how a federal judge in Washington D.C., Patricia Millet, described the issue in a decision they and two other judges handed down Friday, ordering the Federal Aviation Administration to review seat sizes and legroom on commercial airlines.
Previously, the FAA has refused to mandate how many space airlines must ensure customers have on planes. But the judge's decision will force the agency to revisit the issue.
In a statement Saturday, the FAA said it is "studying the ruling carefully and any potential actions we may take to address the Court's findings."
The ruling comes after an advocacy group, Flyers Rights, petitioned the FAA in 2015 to implement new rules to regulate seat space.
The FAA rebuked the effort, so Flyers Rights took its demands to court and won the right to move forward.
The group celebrated the judges' decision Friday, saying the court "granted Flyers Rights and airline passengers a victory."
Related: Know when an airline can legally move your seat
Flyer Rights had said it's concerned that small airline seats are actually a safety hazard, putting passengers at risk for conditions like deep vein thrombosis. That's a potentially fatal condition that can cause blood clots in people's legs.
The group has also argued that airlines may be out of step with the realities of Americans' needs, particularly in light of climbing obesity rates. Millet agreed.
"As many have no doubt noticed, aircraft seats and the spacing between them have been getting smaller and smaller, while American passengers have been growing in size," the judge wrote.
Flyer Rights gave the court evidence that the average width of airplane seats has declined from 18.5 inches in the early 2000s, to 17 inches by about 2005. The shrinking seats have been primarily driven by long-haul airliners that added an extra seat in each row.
While seats are shrinking, they're also squeezing closer together.
The average pitch between seats "has decreased from an average of 35 inches to 31 inches, and in some airplanes has fallen as low as 28 inches," the decision reads. Seat pitch is a measurement of the distance between one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it.
American Airlines (AAL) highlighted the trend in May, when the company said it planned to cut down the amount of legroom for some its economy class seats on its new Boeing 737s. It rolled back that plan slightly in June, committing to keep all the seats in its main economy class cabin at 30 inches of leg space, which was still down from 31 inches.
Airlines contend that increasing the number of seats on an airplane is good for both the bottom line of the carrier and a traveler's wallet. By spreading its costs to operate a flight over a larger number of seats on the same size plane, the airline can offer lower fares and operate more efficiently by flying fewer flights.
Related: Senate rejects plan to regulate airplane seat size
The tightest squeezes come on bargain carriers like Spirit Airlines (SAVE) and Frontier Airlines -- both of which truncated seats to just 28-inches apart.
By comparison, economy class rows on Delta (DAL) and United (UAL) are spaced between 30 and 31 inches, while JetBlue (JBLU), Southwest (LUV) and Alaska (ALK) have between 31 and 33 inches.
In March, Congress once again considered measures that would have established a minimum airplane seat width and legroom distance. But the Senate rejected the plan in April.
An FAA regulation would bypass the need for Congress to act.
No aviation regulator in any country has established minimum seat width or pitch requirements.
The FAA does regulate significant parts of an airplane cabin, including the safe design of each seat and its ability to withstand a high impact landing or crash. The agency so far has allowed airlines to determine how to size and space their seats, but any arrangement of an airline cabin must allow all the passengers and crew to evacuate within 90 seconds.
--CNNMoney's Jon Ostrower contributed to this report
Rakudo Star Release 2014.08
A useful, usable, "early adopter" distribution of Perl 6
On behalf of the Rakudo and Perl 6 development teams, I'm happy to announce the August 2014 release of "Rakudo Star", a useful and usable distribution of Perl 6. The tarball for the August 2014 release is available from http://rakudo.org/downloads/star/. A Windows .MSI version of Rakudo star will usually appear in the downloads area shortly after the tarball release.
This Rakudo Star release comes with support for the MoarVM backend (all module tests pass on supported platforms) along with experimental support for the JVM backend (some module tests fail). One shipped module is known to fail on Parrot (JSON::RPC).
In the Perl 6 world, we make a distinction between the language ("Perl 6") and specific implementations of the language such as "Rakudo Perl". This Star release includes release 2014.08 of the Rakudo Perl 6 compiler, version 6.7.0 of the Parrot Virtual Machine, version 2014.08 of MoarVM, plus various modules, documentation, and other resources collected from the Perl 6 community.
The 2014.08 release also covers the following announcements: https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo/blob/master/docs/announce/2014.05.md https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo/blob/master/docs/announce/2014.06.md https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo/blob/master/docs/announce/2014.07.md https://github.com/rakudo/rakudo/blob/master/docs/announce/2014.08.md
Some of the new features added to this release include:
Many optimizations in both rakudo and the underlying VMs.
If the LOLLY envar is set, have (;;), [;;], etc., turn into LoLs. Otherwise, parsefail
Add SEQ(a; b) to emulate the old behavior of (a; b)
Make &infix:<xx> many times faster
fix multi-dimensional slice assignment
assigning a single itemized hash to a hash is now DEPRECATED (my %h = {...})
subbuf-rw specced and implemented
the tr/// operator is implemented and has the proper return value
improved string handling for MoarVM backend
all backends now allow C pointer arithmetic and casting of pointers to Perl 6 types (this functionality is exposed by NativeCall)
fixed 'fail' so it also prints a backtrace
IO::Socket::Async now also works on JVM
added or updated many Supply methods: act, batch, categorize, Channel, classify, delay, elems, flat, grab, last, live, max, min, minmax, merge, migrate, Promise, reduce, reverse, rotor, sort, squish, stable, start, uniq, wait, zip
added IO::Notification.watch_path / IO::Path::watch which return a Supply of file system changes
added first-index, last-index, grep-index subs/methods
deprecate $*OS, $*OSVER, $*VM, $*PERL...
added $*KERNEL, $*DISTRO, $*VM, $*PERL as full blown objects
"use v5" is no longer a noop, but actually tries to load the "v5" module (soon available as part of Rakudo*)
implemented labeled loops and throwing of labels as payload
There are some key features of Perl 6 that Rakudo Star does not yet handle appropriately, although they will appear in upcoming releases. Some of the not-quite-there features include:
advanced macros
threads and concurrency (in progress for the JVM and MoarVM backend)
Unicode strings at levels other than codepoints
interactive readline that understands Unicode
non-blocking I/O
much of Synopsis 9 and 11
There is an online resource at http://perl6.org/compilers/features that lists the known implemented and missing features of Rakudo and other Perl 6 implementations.
In many places we've tried to make Rakudo smart enough to inform the programmer that a given feature isn't implemented, but there are many that we've missed. Bug reports about missing and broken features are welcomed at rakudobug@perl.org.
See http://perl6.org/ for links to much more information about Perl 6, including documentation, example code, tutorials, reference materials, specification documents, and other supporting resources. A draft of a Perl 6 book is available as docs/UsingPerl6-draft.pdf in the release tarball.
The development team thanks all of the contributors and sponsors for making Rakudo Star possible. If you would like to contribute, see http://rakudo.org/how-to-help, ask on the perl6-compiler@perl.org mailing list, or join us on IRC #perl6 on freenode.
The Ghana National Team defeated Uganda today 1-0 at Stade de Port-Gentil in Gabon. Crew SC defender Harrison Afful started the match and played the full 90 minutes for the Black Stars, earning their 66th cap.
Today's contest was Ghana's first in the Group Stage of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. The Black Stars are in Group D with Mali, Egypt and Uganda. Mali and Egypt are playing at 2 p.m. ET today. As it stands, Ghana sits atop the table with three points.
According to ESPN FC, the Black Stars had 49 percent of the possession and 10 shots with five on frame. André Ayew converted a penalty kick in the 32nd minute for the game-winner.
Crew SC Designated Player and defender Jonathan Mensah did not appear in today's contest. They have 51 caps for Ghana all time.
The Black Stars are set to play Mali next on Saturday, January 21 at 11 a.m. ET. There are 16 total teams participating in the Africa Cup of Nations and the winner of the tournament will qualify for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup in Russia.
See Afful, Mensah and the rest of the Black & Gold in action at MAPFRE Stadium on March 4 against the Chicago Fire. Opening Match is presented by MAPFRE Insurance. Tickets are available here.
“We have come to the supreme moment, when we must be able to die for our Nation. No more weakness! No more uncertainty! All women to arms! All women to duty! Versailles must be wiped out!” These were the words of Nathalie Lemel, participant in the Paris Commune of 1871, and member of the Union des Femmes pour la Defense de Paris et les Soins aux Blesses (The Union of Women for the Defense of Paris and Aid to the Wounded).
from "Le Chambard Socialiste," by Théophile-Alexandre SteinlenSuch a bold statement is quite contrary to the demur and frailty that is attributed to women of that time period. These were militant women fighting for the gains of the working class in the Paris Commune. In honor of International Working Women's Day, we would like to highlight the efforts and achievements made by the working women during the Commune. Women like Louise Michel, Elisabeth Dmitrieff, André Léo, Anne Jaclard, Paule Mink, and Nathalie Lemel, organized secular schools, ambulance services, and work cooperatives, as well as taking up arms for the revolution. The working women of the Commune fought for women's rights on a class basis, and defended the revolution with their very lives.
The times leading up to the Paris Commune were difficult for all workers, but especially for women. It was typical for a woman to work 13 hours a day, six days a week. Even still, the wages they received for that work were woefully shy of the cost of living at the time, even if their wages were added to their husband's. This contradiction drove many working women to prostitution. The Franco-Prussian war put further strain on the French people, particularly during the months-long siege of Paris, when they were completely blocked off from the outside. This led to soaring inflation and to long lines to get bread that was scarce, and often mixed with straw and paper. It was primarily the women who had to stand in these lines and literally fight for the bread needed to feed their families. This laid the basis for the militancy that was seen amongst women during the Commune, who led the charge on many occasions.
After the French armies of Emperor Louis Bonaparte were defeated by the Prussians, the Parisian workers rose up and declared a republic. However, power fell into the hands of the right-wing representatives of the bourgeoisie. On March 18, the reactionary leader of the new government, Adolphe Thiers, sent troops to take cannons out of Paris in the middle of the night. Their aim was to disarm the workers and to sell out to the Prussians. The women of the neighborhood of Montmartre awoke and charged up the hill where they swarmed and fraternized with the troops, placed themselves on the cannons, and stopped them from being removed. The troops were so persuaded by the women and the people's militia of the National Guardsmen of Paris that they went over to the people, arresting and firing upon their own commander.
With this, a situation of dual power developed. Thiers lost control of Paris and had to flee with the bourgeois government to nearby Versailles. The workers of Paris declared the Commune, the world's first workers' republic. The most advanced elements in the Commune, including hundreds of women, gathered to march to Versailles in an attempt to stop the bloodshed and to “tell Versailles that the Assembly [the old government] is not the law—Paris is!” But the leadership of the Commune vacillated and the opportunity was lost. By allowing the forces of reaction to regroup, by not decisively marching on Versailles to crush the enemies of the revolution, the balance of forces eventually tipped back in favor of the bourgeois and their representatives, with fatal consequences for tens of thousands of Communards.
The beginnings of a new society
The Commune formed many clubs, which often commandeered churches to hold their meetings. These meetings had open, heated discussions, and used direct democracy. A main topic of discussion in the clubs was anti-clericalism. The working women denounced the way the churches controlled wealth, mistreated workers, controlled girls' schools, and invaded family privacy. It was also suggested by some that the nuns be thrown into the Seine River, while others requested that all priests be arrested until the end of the war.
Many of the workers in France were influenced by the proto-anarchist Proudhon, who believed that the proper place for women was either as “housewife or harlot,” and by no means as part of the workforce. They even put forth a series of “equations” to illustrate that women were physically, intellectually, and morally inferior, and should therefore keep to child rearing and nothing else. This, along with the generally backwards attitudes of many men at that time, including many advanced workers, led to the French section of the First International presenting a memorandum against women participating in the workforce. Nonetheless, there were several women in France who belonged to the International, and this line of thinking had nothing to do with the ideas of Marx and Engels, its key leaders, who were doing their best to keep up with events from London.
Louise Michel and the Montmartre Vigilance Committee
Another important group was the Montmartre Vigilance Committee, which was divided into a men's section and a women's section. Louise Michel, one of the most inspiring figures of the Commune, belonged to both. The Vigilance Committee held workshops, recruited ambulance nurses, gave aid to wives of soldiers, sent speakers to the clubs, and hunted draft dodgers who refused to serve in the people's militia. Louise Michel was elected as its president, and served as a fighter and medical worker in the 61st Battalion during the Commune.
Before the Commune was elected, Michel offered to go to Versailles to shoot Thiers herself, but was dissuaded for fear of retribution. Nevertheless, they went to Versailles just to prove they could come back unscathed.
During the Commune, Michel sent a letter to the mayor of Montmartre with a series of demands, including the abolishment of brothels, that the Bell of Montmartre be melted down to make a cannon to defend the workers' neighborhoods, and to requisition abandoned houses and the wine and coal within them to set up shelters and provide for the old, infirm, and children of Montmartre. Some men in the Commune did not want to allow prostitutes to be ambulance workers, saying “the wounded must be tended by clean hands,” but Michel saw the necessity of involving these women in the work of the Commune and recruited them to help in this work. After the fall of the Commune, Thiers' forces fought their way through Paris and murdered tens of thousands of Communards over a period of several weeks. Michel fought on the barricades at the cemetery of Montmartre during the “Bloody Week,” and was subsequently arrested and deported to New Caledonia along with Nathalie Lemel.
The Union des Femmes
Elisabeth Dmitrieff was born in Russia and co-founded the Russian section of the First International. Active in the Narodnik movement, Dmitrieff was sent to London to work with Marx and study the London worker's movement. After the declaration of the Paris Commune, the London General Council decided to send Dmitrieff as one of two envoys to the Commune.
After meeting with other working women active in the Commune, they saw the need to organize the working women of Paris to defend the Commune at the barricades, ambulance stations, and canteens, as well as to fight for socialist measures that would emancipate working women from exploitation. This led to the setting up of the “Women's Union,” the Union des Femmes.
Nathalie Lemel joined the Union [4.] after its formation and, as a book binder, had a wealth of experience in the Parisian labor movement, in addition to being a member of the First International. The influence of Lemel's labor and strike experience is instantly recognizable in the work of the Union.
The first meeting of the Union [6.] took place on April 11, after an Appeal to the Women Citizens of Paris was put up on the walls of the city and published in the papers. A provisional Central Committee was appointed which included Dmitrieff and seven other working women. The Union des Femmes was made up of working-class women and was part of the First International. It was organized around citywide associations, with a central committee and a paid executive committee. All positions were democratically elected and recallable by the union members.
Each arrondissement (mayoral district of Paris) had Union committees for recruiting militant working women, for finances, and for summoning the members to defend the Commune at any given moment. The Union financed itself with dues as well as money it received from the central bodies of the Commune. After the executive committee was paid, they used the remaining money to help support ill and/or impoverished members of their union, as well as to buy weapons for defense of the Commune.
The Union des Femmes represented the most advanced layer of the working women of Paris. They consistently showed their militancy and willingness to fight to defend the gains of the Paris Commune. On May 3, a poster was put up throughout Paris calling for an armistice with Versailles and signed by an anonymous group of “Citizens.” The Union responded days later with a militant manifesto decrying an armistice with the counterrevolution and demanding the right of the working women of the Commune to take up arms alongside the men in defense of the revolution, saying: “Women of Paris will prove to France and to the world that they too, at the moment of supreme danger—at the barricades and at the ramparts of Paris, if the reactionary powers should force them gates—they too know how, like their brothers, to give their blood and their life for the defense and triumph of the Commune, that is, the People.” This manifesto flies in the face of anyone who doubts the courage and ability of women in revolutionary battle.
Because so many of the business owners had fled Paris, many working women found it difficult to find jobs. The Union presented the Commission for Labor and Exchange with a request for immediate work making uniforms for the National Guard militia, and a long-term request to form a Federation of Women's Associations. This document, signed by Dmitrieff, clearly displayed the internationalist, socialist character of the Union des Femmes while rejecting bourgeois feminism: “An end to all competition between male and female workers—their interests are identical and their solidarity is essential to the final worldwide strike of labor against capital.”
The document also stated that every member was to be a member of the First International. The Central Committee was to liaison with foreign organizations for product exchange, and the Arrondissement Committees would enroll women workers to keep track of occupations, as well as women who work at home. The federation would be made up of five members of each Arrondissement [16. italicize] Committee. On May 17, the Union put out an appeal to working women to meet on the 18th with the objective of setting up a Federal Chamber of Working Women. The final drafting of the syndicate and federal chambers took place at the Hôtel de Ville on May 21.
The Union des Femmes also fought for the working women of the Paris Commune by demanding equal pay for women, the right to divorce, education for girls, and much more. To help the worker cooperatives that sprang up during the Commune compete with independent businesses, the Union made an organizational plan for cashiers and accountants of these cooperatives, to help them formulate price and wage structures during the transition from capitalism to a socialist future. They also fought to end the distinction between “legitimate” and “illegitimate” children. A pension was enacted for wives or “concubines” of dead National Guardsmen, as well as each of their children—“legitimate” or not. Orphans were to receive an education at the expense of the Commune. In short, many measures were enacted that benefited the working women of Paris directly. On the day before Versailles troops entered Paris to crush the Commune in blood, equal pay for men and women workers was declared. But this advanced reform was lost along with the Commune, and still remains unrealized in most of the world to this day.
Bourgeois feminism
Bourgeois feminism analyzes the issue of women's exploitation on a gender basis, from the standpoint of the oppression of women at the hands of men. They do not recognize that women workers are a super-exploited layer of the working class. They applaud bourgeois women for “breaking the glass ceiling,” or running for president, without understanding or admitting that these women do not at all represent the interests of working women—who make up the vast majority of women in society.
The Union des Femmes had a very different approach. They analyzed working women's oppression on a socialist, working class basis. They understood and explained that the only way to emancipate women from their exploitative conditions was to reorganize their work and give all workers ownership and control over the means of production. The only way for working women to fight their exploitation is on a class basis, inside the labor movement, and to link the suffering of women to the suffering of the entire working class.
A U.S. labor party armed with a socialist program could fight for legislation that would help to work women and ease the burden of the “second unpaid shift.” It would fight for universal, socialized health care, child care, laundry services, cheap and nutritious community restaurants, enforcement of anti-discrimination laws, equal pay for work of equal value, and card-check legislation that would allow more working women (and men) to organize and join labor unions. These reforms would ease the dependence of working women on their also-exploited husbands, giving them financial independence and the ability to escape abusive partnerships. They would allow men and women to relate to each other on a new basis, as workers, in solidarity, and in the best interests of society as a whole.
As Marxists, we fight for any reforms that help to work women, while at the same time explaining that the only way to fully emancipate women is to abolish capitalism. The achievements of the working women of the Paris Commune cannot be overlooked when discussing women's issues and are an important tool in our arsenal.
Caucus comprising most African American members of the United States Congress
The Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) is a caucus made up of most African American members of the United States Congress. U.S. Representative Karen Bass from California has chaired the caucus since 2019.[3][4][5][6]
Goals [ edit ]
The caucus describes its goals as "positively influencing the course of events pertinent to African-Americans and others of similar experience and situation", and "achieving greater equity for persons of African descent in the design and content of domestic and international programs and services."
The CBC encapsulates these goals in the following priorities: closing the achievement and opportunity gaps in education, assuring quality health care for every American, focusing on employment and economic security, ensuring justice for all, retirement security for all Americans, increasing welfare funds, and increasing equity in foreign policy.[7]
U.S. Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson (D–TX), has said:
The Congressional Black Caucus is one of the world's most esteemed bodies, with a history of positive activism unparalleled in our nation's history. Whether the issue is popular or unpopular, simple or complex, the CBC has fought for thirty years to protect the fundamentals of democracy. Its impact is recognized throughout the world. The Congressional Black Caucus is probably the closest group of legislators on the Hill. We work together almost incessantly, we are friends and, more importantly, a family of freedom fighters. Our diversity makes us stronger, and the expertise of all of our members has helped us be effective beyond our numbers.
Mark Anthony Neal, a professor of African-American studies and popular culture at Duke University, wrote a column in late 2008 that the Congressional Black Caucus and other African-American-centered organizations are still needed, and should take advantage of "the political will that Obama's campaign has generated."[8]
Membership [ edit ]
Map of congressional districts represented by African-Americans in the 114th Congress
Congressional Black Caucus Foundation
The caucus has grown steadily as more black members have been elected. At its formal founding in 1971, the caucus had thirteen members.[1] As of 2019, it had 55 members, including two who are non-voting members of the House, representing the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Senate members [ edit ]
As of 2019, there have been eight African-American senators since the caucus's founding. The six black senators, all Democrats, who are or have been members of the Congressional Black Caucus are Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, elected in 2013, and Senator Kamala Harris of California, elected in 2016, both currently serving; former Senators Carol Moseley Braun (1993–1999) Barack Obama (2005–2008) and Roland Burris (2008–2010), all of Illinois; and former Senator Mo Cowan (2013) of Massachusetts. Burris was appointed by Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich in December 2008 to fill Obama's seat for the remaining two years of their Senate term after Obama was elected President of the United States. Cowan was appointed to temporarily serve until a special election after John Kerry vacated their Senate seat to become U.S. Secretary of State.
Senator Edward Brooke, a Republican who represented Massachusetts in the 1960s and 1970s, was not a member of the CBC. In 2013, Senator Tim Scott, Republican of South Carolina, also chose not to join the CBC after being appointed to fill Jim DeMint's Senate seat.
African-American Republicans in the CBC [ edit ]
The caucus is officially non-partisan; but, in practice, the vast majority of African Americans elected to Congress since the CBC's founding have been Democrats. Eight black Republicans have been elected to Congress since the caucus was founded in 1971: Senator Edward Brooke of Massachusetts (1967–1979), Delegate Melvin H. Evans of the Virgin Islands (1979–1981), Representative Gary Franks of Connecticut (1991–1997), Representative J. C. Watts of Oklahoma (1995–2003), Representative Allen West of Florida (2011–2013), Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina (2013–present), Representative Will Hurd of Texas (2015–present), and Representative Mia Love of Utah (2015–2019). Of these eight, only half have joined the CBC: Evans, Franks, West, and Love. There are currently no Republicans in the CBC.
Edward Brooke was the only serving African-American U.S. Senator when the CBC was founded in 1971, but they never joined the group and often clashed with its leaders.[9] In 1979 Melvin H. Evans, a non-voting delegate from the Virgin Islands, became the first Republican member in the group's history. Gary Franks was the first Republican voting member of congress to join in 1991, though they were at times excluded from CBC strategy sessions, skipped meetings, and threatened to quit the caucus.[10] J. C. Watts did not join the CBC when they entered Congress in 1995, and after Franks left Congress in 1997, no Republicans joined the CBC for fourteen years until Allen West joined the caucus in 2011, though fellow first-year student member of congress Tim Scott declined to join.[11] After West was defeated for re-election, the CBC became a Democrat-only caucus once again in 2013.[12] After Democrat Mo Cowan stepped down in July 2013, the political situation bore a striking resemblance to four decades earlier: The only serving black Republican member of congress (Edward Brooke in 1971, Tim Scott in 2013) was a U.S. Senator who refused to join the CBC.
In 2014, two African-American Republicans were elected to the House. Upon taking office, Will Hurd of Texas declined to join the caucus, while Mia Love of Utah, the first black Republican member of congress, joined,[13] declaring an intent to "try to take that thing apart from the inside out," saying that "in order to effect change, you can't do it from the outside in."[14]
Non-Black membership [ edit ]
All past and present members of the caucus have been African-American. In 2006, while running for Congress in a Tennessee district which is 60% black, a white candidate Steve Cohen pledged to apply for membership in order to represent their constituents. However, after their election, their application was refused.[15] Although the bylaws of the caucus do not make race a prerequisite for membership, former and current members of the caucus agreed that the group should remain "exclusively black". In response to the decision, Rep. Cohen referred to their campaign promise as "a social faux pas" because "It's their caucus and they do things their way. You don't force your way in. You need to be invited."[15]
Rep. William Lacy Clay, Jr., Democrat of Missouri, the son of Rep. William Lacy Clay Sr., a co-founder of the caucus, said: "Mr. Cohen asked for admission, and they got their answer. He's white and the caucus is black. It's time to move on. We have racial policies to pursue and we are pursuing them, as Mr. Cohen has learned. It's an unwritten rule. It's understood." Clay also issued the following statement:
Quite simply, Rep. Cohen will have to accept what the rest of the country will have to accept—there has been an unofficial Congressional White Caucus for over 200 years, and now it's our turn to say who can join 'the club.' They do not, and cannot, meet the membership criteria unless they can change their skin color. Primarily, we are concerned with the needs and concerns of the black population, and we will not allow white America to infringe on those objectives.[16]
Later the same week Representative Tom Tancredo, Republican of Colorado, objected to the continued existence of the CBC as well as the Democratic Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Republican Congressional Hispanic Conference arguing that "It is utterly hypocritical for Congress to extol the virtues of a color-blind society while officially sanctioning caucuses that are based solely on race. If we are serious about achieving the goal of a colorblind society, Congress should lead by example and end these divisive, race-based caucuses."[17]
History [ edit ]
Founding [ edit ]
A predecessor to the caucus was founded in January 1969 as a "Democratic Select Committee" by a group of African-American members of the House of Representatives, including Shirley Chisholm of New York, Louis Stokes of Ohio and William L. Clay of Missouri. African-American representatives had begun to enter the House in increasing numbers during the 1960s, and they had a desire for a formal organization.[1] The first chairperson, Charles Diggs, served from 1969 to 1971. All the members of the caucus landed on the master list of Nixon political opponents.[citation needed]
This organization was renamed the Congressional Black Caucus in February 1971 on the motion of Charles B. Rangel of New York. Founding members of the caucus were Shirley Chisholm, William L. Clay Sr., George W. Collins, John Conyers, Ronald Dellums, Charles Diggs, Augustus F. Hawkins, Ralph Metcalfe, Parren Mitchell, Robert Nix, Charles Rangel, Louis Stokes, and Washington D.C. Delegate Walter Fauntroy.[18]
Nixon refused to meet with the newly formed group, and so the group chose to boycott their 1971 State of the Union, leading to their first joint political victory and press coverage.[1]
TransAfrica and Free South Africa Movement [ edit ]
In 1977, the organization was involved in the founding of TransAfrica, an education and advocacy affiliate that was formed to act as a resource on information on the African continent and its Diaspora.[19] They worked closely with this organization to start the national anti-apartheid movement in the US, Free South Africa Movement (characterized by sit-ins, student protests, it became the longest lasting civil disobedience movement in U.S history) and to devise the legislative strategy for the Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986 that was later vetoed by Ronald Reagan, and subsequently overridden. The organization continues to be active today and works on other campaigns.[19][20]
Funding [ edit ]
In late 1994, after Republicans attained a majority in the House, they announced plans to rescind funding for 28 "legislative service organizations" which received taxpayer funding and occupied offices at the Capitol, including the CBC. Then-chairperson Kweisi Mfume protested the decision. The House did abolish the legislative service organizations, including the CBC, by a voice vote on H.Res.6 on January 4, 1995, which prohibited “the establishment or continuation of any legislative service organization..."[21] The CBC reconstituted as a Congressional Member Organization.[22]
Events [ edit ]
The caucus is sometimes invited to the White House to meet with the president.[23] It requests such a meeting at the beginning of each Congress.[23]
Chairs [ edit ]
The following U.S. Representatives have chaired the Congressional Black Caucus; Walter Fauntroy is the only Delegate to have chaired the CBC:[24]
Composition during the 116th Congress [ edit ]
Leadership [ edit ]
Members [ edit ]
During the 116th Congress (2019–present), the CBC has 2 U.S. Senators, 51 voting U.S. Representatives and 2 non-voting Delegates as members: [25]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eyewitness Anthony Torres fled the scene and filmed as they watched people shooting "back and forth"
Fifty people are now known to have died in a shooting in a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, the city's mayor Buddy Dyer has said.
The gunman, named by officials as Omar Mateen, was killed after taking hostages at the Pulse club.
President Barack Obama said Americans were united in grief, outrage and "resolve to defend our people" after "an act of terror and an act of hate".
The attack is the worst mass shooting in recent US history.
A nationwide moment of silence will be held at 18:00 local time (22:00 GMT).
Officials said the killings were likely to be ideologically motivated, though there was no information that the gunman was associated with a particular group.
Live updates
What we know
Eyewitness accounts
However, US Congressman Alan Grayson said it was "no coincidence" the attack happened in a gay club.
"It may be we've seen the commission of an awful hate crime," they added.
Image copyright CBS News Image caption US media have published a picture of the suspect, Omar Mateen
Image copyright Omar Mateen Image caption Mateen's father said their motives had nothing to do with religion
Mateen's father Mir Seddique told NBC News that the incident had nothing to do with religion, and may have been triggered by the sight of a gay couple kissing in Miami.
But NBC News reported that Mateen called the emergency services before the attack and swore allegiance to the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group.
The group later said - via its affiliated Amaq news agency - that an IS "fighter" had carried out the attack.
The claim did not specify whether IS was directly involved or simply taking credit for inspiring the attack.
Condemnation
Mr Obama described the attack as "the brutal murder of dozens of innocent people".
"It was an act of terror and an act of hate," they said, adding that it was a heartbreaking day for the LGBT community.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama: "We are united in grief, outrage - and resolve"
An attack on any American was an attack on all, they added. "We are united in grief, in outrage and resolve to defend our people."
Mr Obama has ordered flags on federal buildings to be flown at half mast until sunset on Thursday.
French President Francois Hollande expressed "horror" at the killings, and said Americans had the "full support of France" in this "difficult time".
Pope Francis condemned the "homicidal folly" of the shooting.
The suspect, who was a US citizen from the Florida town of Port St Lucie and was of Afghan descent, was not on a terrorism watch list.
However, officials revealed that the FBI had twice interviewed Omar Mateen in 2013-14 after they made "inflammatory remarks" to a colleague. But the investigation was closed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eyewitness Ricardo Negron Almodovar described how they escaped through the building's back door
The death toll of 50 given by Mayor Dyer means that the Orlando attack surpasses the 2007 massacre at Virginia Tech which left 32 people dead.
Another 53 people were injured in the shooting.
"Today we're dealing with something that we never imagined and is unimaginable," they said, adding that there was "an enormous amount of havoc" and "blood everywhere".
"Because of the scale of the crime I've asked the [Florida] governor to declare a state of emergency," they said.
"We're also issuing a state of emergency for the city of Orlando so that we can bring additional resources to bear to deal with the aftermath."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tiffany Johnson explains the reaction to the first shots fired
Security has also been boosted for the last day of the Capital Pride LGBT festival in Washington DC, which included a moment of silence for the Orlando victims at 13:00 local time, the Washington Post reported.
A gay pride parade has also been taking place in West Hollywood, Los Angeles. The city's mayor said police in the nearby city of Santa Monica had arrested a heavily armed man who said they were going to the parade.
Worst US mass shootings in last 25 years
At least 50 dead, 2016 - Omar Mateen opens fire on revellers at gay club in Orlando, Florida
32 dead, 2007 - Student Seung-Hui Cho massacres students at Virginia Tech university before killing themselves
27 dead, 2012 - Adam Lanza kills 20 six- and seven-year-old children and six adults before killing themselves at Sandy Hook, Connecticut
23 dead, 1991 - George Hennard drives through the wall of a cafe in Killeen, Texas, before opening fire and committing suicide
14 dead, 2015 - Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik open fire at a staff gathering in San Bernardino
13 dead, 2009 - Maj Nidal Malik Hasan opens fire at army base in Fort Hood, Texas
13 dead, 2009 - Jiverly Wong shoots people at New York immigrant centre before killing themselves
13 dead, 1999 - Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold kill fellow students and a teacher at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado
Orlando Police Chief John Mina said the attack began at 02:00 (06:00 GMT). There was an exchange of fire with a police officer working at the club, but it is unclear whether that was inside or outside the venue.
After this a "hostage situation" unfolded, they said.
Chief Mina said a decision was taken at 05:00 to send a police assault team into the club after receiving texts and phone calls from some of the hostages.
They said the suspect, who appeared to be carrying an assault-type rifle and a handgun, was shot dead in an exchange of fire with 11 officers.
It has also emerged that the suspect legally purchased multiple guns in the past few days.
Image copyright Orlando police Image caption Orlando police say the life of one of their men was saved by their Kevlar helmet
Image copyright AP Image caption A DJ in the club at the time of the attack is comforted by a friend
Image copyright AP Image caption Heavily armed police officers attended the scene of the shootings
Image copyright EPA
Image copyright Orlando Police Image caption Police released a picture of the scene outside the nightclub after the attack
According to the Mass Shooting Tracker, the US last year suffered 372 mass shootings, defined as a single incident that kills or injures four or more people. Some 475 people were killed and 1,870 wounded.
The latest incident came as Orlando was still reeling from the fatal shooting on Friday night of 22-year-old singer Christina Grimmie following a concert in the city.
Were you at the Orlando Pulse nightclub? Or nearby when the incident happened?
If you have an experience you would like to share, or pictures, then share it with us in the following ways:
Email us at haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
Send pictures/video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk
Tweet: @BBC_HaveYourSay
Send an SMS or MMS to 61124 or +44 7624 800 100
Contact us on WhatsApp number +44 (0)7525 900971
Text us on 61124 or +44 7624 800 100 if you are outside the UK
NEW DELHI: Taking forward the process for Air India disinvestment, the government on Thursday invited bids to appoint two financial advisers and one legal adviser for the privatisation of national carrier Air India and its subsidiaries.The applications for the bid seek advisers for the "strategic disinvestment of Air India and its subsidiaries/ joint venture," two similarly-worded public notices said.Elaborating on the government's requirement one of the notices listed that it "requires the services of reputed law firms with experience and expertise in mergers and acquisitions/ takeovers/strategic disinvestment/ private equity transaction to act as legal adviser and assist government in the process"."The Government of India has in-principle decided to consider the disinvestment of the AI Group as a whole or its constituents fully or part thereof through strategic sale with transfer of management control," the notices further said.The notices for Expression of Interest have been issued by the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management ( DIPAM ). The applications have to be submitted by October 12.Air India is also planning to take short term loans worth up to Rs 3,250 crore to meet "urgent working capital requirements". A senior official said the airline is already facing "cash deficit" and the loans will help in meeting immediate capital requirements."The Government of India guarantee, which is expected shortly, will be valid for a period of one year or till the date of disinvestment," the document said.Banks have been asked to submit their financial bids by September 19, indicating the amount of government-guaranteed short-term loans they are willing to offer.The government gave the green light to sell Air India, which has struggled under losses and its debts, in June, and officials have said they want the process to offload all or parts of the airline by early 2018.Under a turnaround plan approved by the previous UPA regime, Air India is to receive up to Rs 30,231 crore from the government subject to meeting certain performance thresholds. The ten-year bailout package began from 2012.So far, the embattled carrier has received around Rs 26,000 crore under the package.The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) gave its in-principle nod for the strategic disinvestment of the airline -- which has a debt burden of more than Rs 50,000 crore -- in June this year.Subsequently, an Air India-specific alternative mechanism was set up to guide the process.The ministerial group is looking into treatment of Air India's unsustainable debt, hiving off of certain assets to a shell company, demerger and strategic disinvestment of three profit-making subsidiaries, among other aspects.(With inputs from agencies)
The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home. – James Madison
House Raids, Murder, and Other Aggression
The war in Iraq has been conducted using “urban warfare” tactics including the raiding of Iraqi homes. On several occasions, those raids have resulted in the killing of innocent civilians, including one horrific attack in which five children (all under age 6) and four women were gunned down after being handcuffed.
Then there was the disturbing helicopter attack launched by U.S. troops against unarmed reporters, which was caught on video.
While most Americans remain ignorant of such events, those who are better informed often seem comforted by distance. Miles of separation make atrocities seem less atrocious. An internal monologue buffers the conscience, albeit with pretty thin excuses — we are at war, we are fighting to protect America, perhaps there's more to the story that we don't know, surely it was an “accident,” and so on.
Yes, Americans seem to possess advanced abilities in self-delusion. At least such violent raids do not happen in America. Citizens aren't victimized here, right?
In 2007, 92-year-old Kathryn Johnston of the Atlanta area was killed in a police raid. Acting on bad information, the officers began prying their windows open and ramming down their door. They got their .38 caliber revolver to defend herself, and when police saw the gun, they fired nearly 40 rounds, killing them in their home.
Last year, Detroit police shot and killed a 7-year-old girl during a raid. The victim was considered “collateral damage” in an otherwise lawful raid.
In January of this year, police shot and killed 45-year-old Todd Blair in a Utah drug raid. They had a small amount of pot and, come to find out, was not a drug dealer. Trying to defend their home against intruders, Blair had a golf club but was shot three times without even being asked to drop it. The shooting was ruled to be justified.
Also in January, a 68-year-old grandfather of 12 was killed in Massachusetts. Eurie Stamps was not the subject of the SWAT team's drug raid, but they became the victim nonetheless.
A few months later, in May, former Marine Jose Guerena was shot and killed in their Arizona home by police. The autopsy revealed that they were hit by as many as 23 rounds. SWAT troops stormed Guerena's house around 9:30 a.m. It was one of four homes raided that day by Pima County, Ariz., police for suspected “marijuana trafficking.” When Guerena tried to protect their family against the intruders, the police unloaded an estimated 70 bullets. Guerena had no drugs.
Of course, American police have also demonstrated their violence toward U.S. citizens in other circumstances. Most recently, Oakland, Calif., police launched tear gas and fired rubber bullets into the crowd of Occupy Oakland protesters. Scott Olsen, 24, suffered a fractured skull as a result. This comes amid other escalations of police aggression toward Occupy protesters, escalations that will likely continue.
Drones
When President Obama authorized drone attacks in Yemen that took the lives of Anwar al-Awlaki and Samir Khan, American citizens and news sources rejoiced. Never mind that the targets were American citizens who were never formally charged with or arrested for a crime; “justice” was done.
About two weeks later, when Awlaki's 16-year-old son was killed in a similar attack, many Americans said that people should be more careful about whom they hang out with. One patriotic American noted, “This should serve as a warning to anyone that we will pursue and kill terrorists wherever they are. If you happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, you may become collateral damage.”
Yes, America will relentlessly hunt down suspected terrorists and kill them and whoever has the gall to eat dinner in their general vicinity. They're just collateral damage.
Such terms are part of the American Newspeak that allows citizens to see their government's victims as less than human, consider themselves patriotic, and go about their business. Yes, Americans are masters of self-delusion and have invented a new vocabulary to uphold the trance: “collateral damage,” “insurgent,” and “terror suspect” are just a few of the comforting words.
Once again, U.S. citizens are comforted by distance. Had the drone attacks taken place in New Mexico (home state of the Awlakis) or North Carolina (home state of Samir Khan) and inflicted “collateral damage” there, what would the response have been? Would there be more ignorant comments like, “If you happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, you may become collateral damage”?
But why worry about that? At least it's not happening in America.
A 2008 New York Times report claimed that police departments around the nation were clamoring for new drone technology by Honeywell. Of course, as Miami-Dade Police spokesperson Juan Villalba said, “Our intentions are to use it only in tactical situations as an extra set of eyes.” They added, “We intend to use this to benefit us in carrying out our mission.” Yes, of course.
What was a wish in 2008 is becoming the reality of 2011. Last week, a Houston-area police department announced its possession of an armed drone. The drone was purchased for $300,000 with money granted by the Department of Homeland Security.
But not to worry. Montgomery County Sheriff Tommy Gage promised, “We're not going to use it to be invading somebody's privacy. It'll be used for situations we have with criminals.” They also said, “No matter what we do in law enforcement, somebody's going to question it, but we're going to do the right thing, and I can assure you of that.”
Whew! That was close. Luckily for the citizens of Montgomery County, the government does not break promises.
James Madison was right. The tools of “defense” abroad become the tools of tyranny at home. They are here now, and no amount of Newspeak or self-delusion can help when they are at our doorsteps and over our heads. The mileage that insulates Americans against the horrors of our foreign policy has been dramatically shortened.
Read more by Dr. Brian Phillips
Is the national conversation about race really a conversation? Are some white people afraid to speak up?
“You say the wrong thing then suddenly you are a racist.”
“I feel like you guys are attacking me now.”
“It feels like I'm being discriminated against.”
These are a couple examples of young white people speaking their minds in the ads for MTV's upcoming special, “White People.” Directed by Jose Antonio Vargas, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and former-Washington-Post-reporter-turned-social activist, the TV documentary shows young white people, and others, from across the country discussing race — honestly.
[From journalism to activism: Jose Antonio Vargas's life on the run]
“The Southern battle flag — it's more than just black and white,” a timid-looking white man tells Vargas in one trailer. “There was a heck of a lot more to it than just slaves.”
1 of 51 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The Confederate flag on display, from 1938 to today View Photos Public moments featuring the Confederate flag. Caption Public moments featuring the Confederate flag. June 21, 2015 A Confederate flag is reflected in the window of a gift shop that sells them in Seligman, Ariz. Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Even within the 84-second clip, a thoughtful discussion blooms:
“But, you've got to think of it, like, the Confederacy was fighting for their way of life, which their economic system was slavery. That's like someone flying a swastika above their house,” another white student replies. “What if they're like, ‘I'm honoring my grandfather who fought, you know, for Germany in that war who was not a Nazi but they were a German.' What if that person was flying that flag above their house, you know what I mean? Would it be the same thing? It would be.”
The ads show strained, squirming, even teary-eyed youths diving deep into a conversation they may have never had before. And that's Vargas's intention: get people uncomfortable.
Vargas, 34, works specifically with five young adults to dive into how at least this sampling of young Americans today understands racial identity, white privilege and similar topics, according to MTV's news service.
“We cannot have an honest conversation about race in America until we explore and unpack what ‘whiteness' and ‘white privilege' mean in America,” they wrote in one Facebook post. “This is not an easy, simply or comfortable conversation. So let's get uncomfortable. Let's talk.”
The special is part of MTV's “Look Different” campaign, which aims to foster conversations among youth on topics like race, gender and LGBTQ rights.
“Whiteness often remains unexamined in conversations about race in this country, even as it acts as the implicit norm against which other racial identities are judged,” wrote MTV President Stephen Friedman in a press release. “By shining a spotlight on whiteness, we hope ‘White People' will serve as a powerful conversation starter that encourages our audience to address racial bias through honest, judgment-free dialogue.”
Vargas, a former reporter for The Post, has a unique personal history. Born in the Philippines, Vargas was put on a plane for California by their mother at age 12. In their high school history class, they came out as gay. While with The Post, they were part of the team that won the Pulitzer Prize for the newspaper's coverage of the Virginia Tech shootings. They then went on to reveal their undocumented status in a 2011 essay published in the New York Times Magazine, to advocate for the rights of undocumented immigrants and made the movie “Documented.”
[Jose Antonio Vargas released after border detention]
It's with their varied perspective that Vargas attempts to foster a “judgment-free space” for students to get out of their comfort zones.
“Perhaps only in America can an undocumented gay Filipino who looks Asian has a Latino name and graduated with a Political Science and African American Studies degree can make a film for MTV called ‘White People,' ” they wrote in another Facebook post.
“White People” airs July 22, and is available online July 23 on multiple platforms.
The Panthers sacked Carson Wentz three times and they only threw 30 passes. Cam Newton threw 52 passes and the Eagles sacked them just twice. The pass to sack ratio there favors Carolina by a wide margin. Just looking at the stats, you would conclude the Panthers D-line was better on Thursday night.
That's not the case at all.
Carolina didn't get much pressure early in the game so they began to blitz. Two of their sacks came from a LB and a CB. That tells you they were aggressive and creative in getting pressure.
The Eagles didn't blitz much. They didn't have to. The D-line consistently got good push. They didn't have free runners landing highlight hits on Newton all night long, but they affected them with pressure. Newton threw 52 passes and only got 239 yards. That is…bad. Consider that in the previous game, Newton threw 33 passes and had 355 yards.
The pressure generated by the Eagles did two big things. First, it sped them up. The Panthers love to throw the ball downfield. They couldn't do that with the Eagles DL getting regular pressure on Newton. Suddenly they were throwing the ball to RBs and TEs in the flat. Rookie Christian McCaffrey had 10 catches for 56 yards.
The other thing pressure did was make Newton uncomfortable. That led to some poor decisions and to sloppy mechanics. There was a play late in the game when Newton did try to go deep to McCaffrey. Pressure on the play took away their chance to step into the throw and the pass landed a few yards out of bounds. There was a play late in the game where Rasul Douglas should have had an INT. That happened because Derek Barnett hit Newton as they threw. They got rushed into making a decision and also made a poor throw.
Go back to last week. The Cardinals got into several 3rd & longs. Each time, Carson Palmer dropped back and immediately dumped the ball off to an underneath receiver. Those were complete give-up plays. There is nothing wrong with a screen or draw in those situations, but Palmer couldn't wait to get rid of the ball. The reputation of the Eagles DL caused problems. They got some pressure in the game, but just the fear of them affected the Arizona offense.
That's impressive.
The Giants built their whole gameplan around avoiding the Eagles rush. They were throwing the ball about as fast as you'll ever see.
The best part of all this is that the Eagles don't just rush the passer. They are 2nd in the NFL in run defense right now (and tops in the NFC). The D-line has been tremendous against the run this season. Vinny Curry has been especially outstanding. The DTs eat up blocks and also make plays. Tim Jernigan has 6 TFLs already.
Good run defense makes a huge difference. It makes offenses one-dimensional and puts pressure on the QB to get everything done through the air. When that happens, the Eagles can attack the QB and put pressure on him. All the negative plays have led to lots of long yardage situations. That's when teams get scared and just dump the ball off. The Eagles have done a great job this year of playing the sticks. They attack the ball and keep the receiver short of the line to get, which leads to punting situations.
All of this starts with the front four…or should I say the front eight. The starters are Brandon Graham, Fletcher Cox, Tim Jernigan and Vinny Curry. They play most of the reps. But you can't ignore Chris Long, Beau Allen, Justin Hamilton, Elijah Qualls, Derek Barnett and Steven Means. Those guys all combine to get the job done. Destiny Vaeao played in the opener before getting hurt.
Jim Schwartz plays a lot of guys up front and isn't afraid to play backups in key situations. They roll their guys in and out, always trying to keep their players as fresh as possible. Everyone contributes. Allen had a sack and TFL last week. Long had a strip sack in Los Angeles. Hamilton got pressure on multiple plays on Thursday night and even got half a sack.
You can debate whether the DL wore down last year. That should not be the case this season.
This line still has a ways to go to get to the level they want to be at. Right now they are getting the job done, but this group of players isn't satisfied with that. They want to be great. We'll have to wait and see if that happens. With guys like Cox and Graham, anything is possible.
_
Major water districts in California are quietly considering using property taxes — and possibly raising them without a vote of the public — to help fund Gov. Jerry Brown's $25 billion plan to build two massive tunnels through the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta.
Most property tax hikes require a two-thirds vote, as required under California's landmark Proposition 13, which voters passed in 1978. But the water agencies contend they are not bound by that requirement.
They say they were given the authority to raise property taxes to pay for the State Water Project, a vast system of dams and canals, in both a 1959 law and a year later in a statewide ballot measure. And those predate Proposition 13.
The Santa Clara Valley Water District, which serves 1.8 million customers in Silicon Valley, this month discussed raising property taxes from $36 a year to $60 a year on the average assessed residential property over the next decade to help pay some of the $228 million it expects to contribute to the Delta tunnels project between now and 2024.
“Because this is a tax that was already voted on, it was a pre-Prop. 13 measure,” said Jim Fiedler, the district's chief operating officer. “Because it was adopted by voters prior to that date, it doesn't qualify for the two-thirds requirement.”
Asked if there was any limit to how much higher property taxes could be raised if the Delta tunnels project has cost overruns, similar to the Bay Bridge or high-speed rail projects, Fiedler said they didn't know.
“That's a good question. That's a decision our board would make,” they said. “But it would be in public hearings, not behind closed doors.”
Until now, it had been assumed that water agencies supporting the tunnels project would be raising water rates to pay for the tunnels.
As word has trickled out about the property tax strategy, anti-tax activists, environmental groups and even other water agencies are raising concerns.
The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, which provides water to 19 million people in and around Los Angeles, is also discussing using that agency's property tax authority to help pay its share of the cost.
But its property tax rate, now about $10 a year on the average home in Southern California, wouldn't be increased, said general manager Jeff Kightlinger.
“If there are cost overruns, water rates would go up,” they said. “It has been a policy of our board to not raise property taxes.”
Both the Metropolitan and Santa Clara Valley districts are expected to decide the issue this fall.
Anti-tax groups say they fear that residents of Silicon Valley, Los Angeles and other urban areas could be left on the hook for major cost overruns and that their property taxes could be increased significantly without a public vote.
“We're worried they could tax people to the hilt. We will be watching it very carefully,” said Jon Coupal, president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association in Sacramento.
Coupal said that their group questions whether water districts can even use property taxes to pay for Brown's tunnels on the grounds that the taxing authority only extended to the original State Water Project, championed by the governor's father, Gov. Pat Brown.
“There is a strong parallel here between this tunnels project and high-speed rail,” Coupal said. “Both don't have an adequate financial plan. If we conclude using property taxes is illegal, we will use whatever legal means we have to stop it.”
The Contra Costa Water District, East Bay Municipal Utility District and San Francisco Public Utilities Commission are not participating in the tunnels' planning or funding process in a major way.
Brown's plan is to build two tunnels, each 40 feet in diameter and 35 miles long, under the Delta to make it easier to move water from Northern California to cities and farms further south. The idea is to reduce reliance on the massive pumps at Tracy, which are sometimes shut down to protect endangered salmon, smelt and other fish.
But environmentalists, Delta farmers and some Northern California lawmakers are trying to kill the plan, saying it could eventually be used to draw even more of Northern California's water south. The Brown administration has released an environmental study. It expects water agencies to pay roughly $17 billion, with $8 billion coming from state water bonds and the federal government.
“With water rates, if you use less you pay less. But with property taxes, you pay at a fixed amount regardless of how much water you use,” said Doug Obegi, an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council in San Francisco.
It's unclear how many water agencies are considering using property taxes to pay their share of the tunnels project, although more than 20 large water agencies have the pre-Proposition 13 property taxing authority. So far, water agencies have spent $240 million on studies related to the project, but have at least $1.2 billion more to study the plan. They aren't expected to decide until the fall how to divide those costs or the costs of building the project. Some agencies, particularly in farm areas like Kern County and Fresno, may drop out if they are not convinced the investment will deliver them more, or more reliable, water.
Some agencies are demanding more details.
“We think for one of the largest water projects in state history, perhaps human history, that we ought to have more solid answers to these questions around property taxing authority before we embark on spending the next billion dollars in planning,” said Dennis Cushman, assistant general manager of the San Diego County Water Authority.
It's clear, however, that Wall Street financiers are looking at property taxes as a major way to guarantee that investors who buy the bonds would get their money back.
A March 19 proposal by Goldman Sachs to the State Water Contractors Authority, seeking to win the contract to underwrite the construction bonds, cited property taxes as a “primary” element “that would certainly need to be preserved.”
Brown administration officials say it will be up to each water agency to determine how to fund its portion of the tunnels project.
“We are agnostic on the financing method,” said Nancy Vogel, a spokesperson for the state Department of Water Resources. “We would not dictate to state project customers how they pay for their share.”
Paul Rogers covers resources and environmental issues. Contact them at 408-920-5045. Follow them at Twitter.com/PaulRogersSJMN.
INDIANAPOLIS -- A destructive prank perpetrated at businesses across the country came to an Indianapolis fast food joint this week.
Employees at the Jack in the Box on Post Road say someone called claiming to be a public safety official saying the store needed to do a safety inspection.
As the employee tells it, the caller asked them to lift the fire alarm handle to read a number from the box.
Once they followed orders, they told them the system was releasing carbon monoxide into the air and urged everyone to get out.
Seconds later in the parking lot, the caller said the worker needed to break the exterior windows to relieve pressure in the building, or else it could blow up.
The terrified employee says they used rocks to shatter the glass. It wasn't until later they realized they were the butt of a prank call.
PREVIOUS | Prank caller convinces Burger King employees to smash the store's windows
"If you received a call like this, it is not the police," said IMPD Sgt. Catherine Cummings. "We're not going to call you. We're not going to tell you to rip items out of your business. We're not going to tell you to break windows."
Police and fire officials say any inspection would involve a public safety official being there in person.
If you do get a call like this, police say you should use your best judgment about whether to leave the store, and call 911 as soon as you can.
-----
Download the new and improved RTV6 app to get the latest news on the go and receive alerts to your phone
Sign up to have the latest news headlines delivered straight to your email inbox
The link between extreme weather events, climate change, and national security is discussed in Extreme Realities, a new episode in PBS' series Journey To Planet Earth hosted by Matt Damon.
The video features a number of extreme weather phenomena: hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wild fires, and flooding. The discussion is about climate change and the consequences on the ground – or, how climate change may affect you.
It is important to ask what is the story behind the assertions made in the video. What scientific support is there for the link between such extremes and climate change?
Linking global warming to some of these extreme weather and climate phenomena has been tricky in the past. In some cases the record of past events may not be sufficiently complete to identify whether there is a dependency to the global state, mainly because many extremes are both rare and take place at irregular intervals. However, there has been substantial progress over the recent years.
Global climate models may provide a tool for studying such links, but they are designed to provide a picture of general large-scale features such as the greenhouse effect and how the air moves around, rather than local extreme phenomena. For some types of extremes such as heat waves, they can nevertheless provide valuable insight (Hansen et al., 2012).
Heat waves and droughts often extend over space and time, and the global climate models may provide a good representation of droughts and heat waves if they manage to predict the frequency and duration of high-pressure systems and the soil moisture associated with these events.
The way the air flows is in some circumstances difficult to predict, for instance where the storms move (storm tracks) and changes in the large-scale atmospheric circulation. The reason for this is described in earlier posts on chaos and climate, and was first discussed by Lorenz.
The climate models manage to reproduce the Hadley cell, El Nino Southern Oscillation, the Jet streams, the Trades, and the westerlies, but not tornadoes, derechoes, and thunderstorms. They do not provide the details needed to describe the local climate and many extreme phenomena affecting society and ecosystems.
Our knowledge about extremes and climate is based on more evidence than just climate model results. One elegant example is the recent paper in PNAS by Petoukhov et al., (2013) based on mathematics, physics, and measured air flow.
From physics, we know that different conditions such as soil moisture and cloud micro-physics both affect weather extremes, although different types and on different scales. Convective storms and tornadoes, as opposed to heat waves, have in the past gone undetected and tend to pass below the radar of the global climate models.
New studies, such as Petoukhov et al., (2013), are emerging in the scientific literature that provide additional support for a link between climate change and a wider range of extreme phenomena. These are based on our physical understanding, observational data, new ways of analysing data, and attribution studies (Coumou and Rahmstorf, 2012).
We are also learning more about local convective storms, and a recent example is provided by the Swedish Rossby Centre, reporting that showery convective rainfall type intensifies faster than the more spatially extensive stratiform type in response to warmer temperatures (Berg et al., 2013).
The analysis of the past observations has not always given a clear picture. So far, no clear connection has been found between the global warming and mid-latitude storms (or wind speed), and efforts comparing different ways to analyse past storm observations have only recently been published (Neu et al. (2012). If we understand why some analytical methods give different results for past storms, then we will be in a better position to detect potential dependencies to the state of the global climate.
Extreme events are a natural part of the climate system, and a climate change means that their frequencies and intensities may change. Detecting the changes in probabilities in rare events is statistically challenging. However, counting the recurrence of record-breaking extremes can provide an indication of whether the extreme values are changing (Benestad, 2008).
The consequences of a climate change involves some known aspects as well as some which we cannot predict. Extreme phenomena take place in certain environmental conditions, favourable for forming e.g. tornadoes, storms, or droughts. We also know that our models have their limitations, and that the range of possible outcomes can be fairly wide.
The incomplete knowledge is no different to any other field, as the future always seems to involve some surprises. Societies have traditionally tackled the absence of complete certainties by adopting various forms for risk analyses, e.g. fire brigades, police, defence, hospitals, and so on.
Better safe than sorry. Here, there are some known connections of concern. The bottom line is that we need pragmatic ways of dealing with issues that may have devastating effects for people or societies – and this is the red thread in ‘Extreme Realities‘.
References
GAZA CITY (Ma'an) -- A Palestinian fisherman was shot and injured by Israeli military boats in the sea of the coast of the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, medical officials said.
Spokesman for the Gaza ministry of health Ashraf al-Qidra said that a 22-year-old fisherman was moderately injured after Israeli naval forces deployed off of the al-Sudaniya shore in northern Gaza city opened fire at their boat.
The victim was taken to Kamal Adwan hospital following the incident.
An Israeli military spokesperson did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Israeli forces frequently shoot at Gazan fisherman if they stray too far from the shore.
The Gaza Strip has been under a severe blockade imposed by Israel since 2007, and Palestinian fishermen are only allowed to go three nautical miles from Gaza's shore, even though Israeli-Palestinian agreement previously settled on 20 nautical miles. Israeli naval forces frequently harass Palestinian fishermen who near the three-mile limit, as well as those inside the zone.
There are 4,000 fishermen in Gaza. According to a 2011 report by the International Committee of the Red Cross 90 percent are poor, an increase of 40 percent from 2008 and a direct result of Israeli limits on the fishing industry.
I firmly believe that many political problems are born of the average Americans inability — and unwillingness — to try to think and understand the world around them rather than accept conventional wisdom. This is clearly evident in peoples' lack of understanding of pricing; it is disturbingly evident in the political policies they seek as a result of this lack. It's clear enough when you hear about “price gouging”, and every economic argument that prices must rise to avoid shortages falls on deaf ears. But it's the same principle when folks rail in favor of “windfall profits taxes”, as if businesses have the power to just arbitrarily select the level of profits they'll earn.
Someone should really tell Ford, GM, and Chrysler, because they seem to be having some trouble with this concept!
Given that this is such an important concept, and given that it's really quite simple, it's surprising that the simple rules of pricing aren't more apparent. But it's not something that most people regularly have to think about. And sadly, because it's so simple, it is not often explained — which I'd like to change.
The misconception of pricing is obvious. Most people think that prices are determined by a simple formula:
Price = Cost of materials + Cost of labor + Overhead + reasonable profit
It sounds so axiomatic that it is taken at face value. It's so often true (but for a different reason) that it seems correct. But it's not that clear.
Pricing is actually determined by the following equation, with a second equation added for clarity:
Price = whatever the market will bear
Profit (or loss) = Price – Cost of inputs – Cost of labor – Overhead
Note the difference between the two. Price is not a PRODUCT of the equation of material/labor/overhead/profit. Price is determined through a wholly different process, and profit or loss is the product of the pricing equation.
Allow me to use an anecdote to explain. As I pointed out a while ago, my wife and their sister recently opened a business making gourmet rice krispy treats. They intuitively understood the reality of pricing, but their logical thought process was all on the wrong model. They initially thought about how much their gifts should cost. Then, as certain costs started piling up, they had that internal desire to raise prices to compensate. But in fact, they started to understand that their initial pricing goals were actually too high, not too low. They realized that the market will only price gourmet gifts around a certain level, and they must adjust their costs to suit. They've ended up making some sacrifices that they didn't want to make in the early term, and will have to defray some business decisions they'd wanted to make until orders become larger and economies of scale develop.
The simple fact is that in the gourmet gift market, the type of people who are buying gifts and the type of occasions they buy them for (birthday, Valentine's Day, Secretary Appreciation Day, etc) have certain price tags already in mind. They will not buy a gift beyond that level. Conversely, a gift priced too low will not be purchased for it will seem “cheap” to the recipient. It's a fairly narrow band for this type of product. It doesn't matter that their product (rice crispy treats) is a new entrant to the gourmet gift market. Their pricing structure has to compete with the existing players.
Of course, they can go against the market pricing. If they price their product too low, they may move more units but will end up working extremely hard for a very slim profit margin. If they price their product too high, they won't sell very many units but each unit will carry a lot more profit.
It's the difference between Outback Steakhouse, a fine establishment that I might enjoy on a business trip or a random Tuesday, and my personal favorite steakhouse, Ruth's Chris, where I might eat once or twice a year. It's the difference between Honda and Ferrari. You see a lot of Honda's on the road, but you notice a Ferrari. Premium products can command a premium price, but fewer people are willing and able to afford them on a regular basis. Thus, you see a lot more “regular” products than premium products.
The situation becomes even worse when you start talking about commodity products. The gas you buy at Arco isn't noticeably different from that you buy at Shell, which is pretty much the same as that you buy at Chevron. Thus, pricing is almost identical across the board. Different stores may have different business models, of course. Many stations will price their gas lower if they have much more full-service convenience store attached, as the profit margins on the convenience store items help to keep them afloat, and the low gas prices entice you to pull into the station (and hopefully, for the station, you'll walk in and buy a Coke and some Pringles, probably tripling or more the profit they made on your gas). Or, they'll price gas lower in cash than using a credit card, partially because they must pay a transaction fee on the card, but also partly because you need to walk inside to pay cash (and again, may buy a higher-margin item while inside).
Thus, the pricing equation looks simple and correct, but if you've ever had to actually select a price to sell a good, you know that it is one of the most complex parts of business that anyone will encounter. It's especially difficult in areas where pricing is a lot more opaque. When you own a gas station, you know how much all your competitors in town are pricing their product. When you're pricing an industrial product that is an input to other production, you typically don't know what your competitors are charging. Pricing often becomes an educated guess, and there can be thousands or millions of dollars difference over large quantities between how much the customer is willing to pay and how much you attempt to charge. In my business*, some deals may be so tight that $1 move up in price can pay multiple employees' salaries for a year out of the increased profit, but that $1 move up in price loses the deal to the competition. Like anything else, though, as a producer you're trying to charge the customer as much as you think they're willing to pay, but still low enough to win the business.
Thus, a business cannot simply set a price based on the profit they'd like to make. Instead, business run an analysis of profit/loss based on what they expect is the price they can charge, and the costs they must incur to produce. If the expected price is too low to make enough of a profit, they don't engage in the business venture. If the profit is high, they rush into business as quickly as possible. Profits thus also tend towards the “reasonable” over time, because large profits attract new entrants to the market (driving down price), and small profits (or losses) cull participants from the market (allowing price to rise). This again is why the pricing equation appears to be correct, because in an equilibrium point of price stability, the market tends to only allow the “right” number of producers to exist.
This is why GM, Ford, and Chrysler have such trouble. The price for their automobiles is set by the market. They cannot raise their prices beyond this level or they won't sell enough cars to stay afloat. They can't lower their prices to move more units because they're already at a cost structure that is too high for their prices. For them to continue compete, they need to cut costs. And they don't have a corporate DNA that makes it easy for them to alter their cost structure. Especially not when they can simply go to Congress for regulation to punish their competitors, or as we see this week, a big fat bailout.
This is also why we've seen such problems in the airline industry. Airlines were created in the days when travel was a luxury, the only way to schedule a flight was to call multiple airlines on the phone or use a travel agent, and they could differentiate their product on a service model rather than a cost model. The market has changed, and air travel has now become a commodity. With transparent pricing easily comparable on the internet, casual travelers** almost never choose their airline based on a service model. If they save $2 to fly low-cost airlines instead of a “name”, they'll do so. This is why you see airlines adding things like baggage fees, because they know that they need to increase revenue per passenger, but they cannot increase the fare that shows up on an online search. Many are slowly adopting the Southwest Airlines approach, which is the “sit down and shut up because we're about to take off” model, delivered with a smile!
This has been a very long explanation for what is a very simple concept. But it all comes down to a single point: Prices are a signal that tell producers what goods and how much of those goods to produce. This doesn't mean that the prices are always responded to in exact terms, many industries go through feast/famine cycles as inventories wax and wane, particularly when the lag time between deciding to produce a good and it's actually reaching the market is long (i.e. semiconductor products, oil, etc). But the political message is clear. Anything that politicians do to artificially modify the price signals in the market will have consequences to production of goods.
Price-gouging laws are a good example. In the wake of a major hurricane, bottled water and portable electric generators tend to see huge spikes in demand. Due to this, the price tends to go up quite a bit. In some ways this signal is taken by consumers as a sign that they should ration their purchases (which helps more consumers get some of a good, rather than few consumers getting all of a good). High prices also offer an incentive to suppliers to deliver more of a good into the affected area, though, which helps to alleviate some of the price pressure while allowing more consumers to get more of the needed goods. If you disrupt the price signal, through a price-gouging law, you tend to see hoarding of goods by those quick enough to get them at low prices, and you see a sustained supply crunch of those goods.
Windfall profit taxes work the same way. When prices of a commodity increase sharply, it creates a signal to producers that they need to work especially hard to produce more of that commodity. Oil companies spend more money on exploration, they are willing to produce oil in wells where the marginal cost of production is far higher than the “easy” wells, and they do everything in their power to increase supply, because they want to take part in those profits. If you institute a large tax on those profits, though, they will refrain from the exploration and production of the higher marginal cost projects. The supply will remain below its potential, and the situation the politicians are trying to achieve — lower commodity costs — will actually end up in the exact opposite.
So if price-gouging laws and windfall profit taxes are such bad economics, why are they so popular? It's because peoples' understanding of what drives price is completely backwards. If I believe that prices are set by “costs + a reasonable profit”, I would naturally feel that an external situation which creates much larger profits without an increase in costs is “unfair”. I would feel that way because my understanding of prices assume that the price of a good is tied to its production cost, and thus to increase prices without a change in those costs is “gouging” your customers. If it assumed, on the other hand, that prices are a function of the market and they are merely a signal to producers to change their behavior, we should be able to understand that short-term increases in prices will result in long-term increases in supply, and that in the long run the equilibrium of all of these goods and services reaches the “right” level.
Pricing seems like an easy and a trivial task. As we've seen, though, it's not easy, and when the politicians get involved, it's not trivial. For our entire economy to work, pricing has to be allowed to naturally emerge from the market. Any deviation from this natural occurrence results in unintended consequences and reduces the efficiency of the market. It should be noted that many of the areas where government is most actively regulating prices (such as the medical industry) is where we see the market behaving contrary to the wealth-producing tendency it has in all other markets. Pricing is not difficult in concept, but a lack of understanding about its nature can grind our whole system to a halt.
* I personally am in the technical end of the business, not the sales/pricing end. While I understand the impact if a dollar swing either way, I just don't have the heart to argue with a customer over a dollar — even if that dollar is multiplied a few hundred thousand times. It's not my personality.
** Note also that one aspect of air travel that is not being cut is frequent-flyer programs. Business travelers are far more capable of loyalty to a specific airline, and the airlines know that they're willing to pay a bit more for the perks of “elite” status. Business travelers are the remaining cash cow of their industry, and they're doing what they can to protect that status.
10 Business tips to make your voiceover client say I Love You
The title of this is obviously Valentine's Day related, but the topic is timeless. In my time here, I have the chance to read many blogs, tweets, posts etc. filled with theories, but the fact remains that this is a new voiceover industry. So…what do you do to make clients say, “I love you”? What I mention below, not only applies to Voice123, but for any business, online or offline. I write what I do below, with the understanding audio production, and excellent script reading, are already in place.
10 Business Tips To Make Your Voiceover Client Say, “I Love You”
Understand what “they” see to save them time
Fact is, you cannot make proper business decisions on how to run a business unless you know what you look and sound like to others. That is your journey of discovery. In the case of Voice123, use a job posting interface on a casting site, and find out what they do and why. You start to figure out why you are paid more when you figure out how to save people time in your own special way.
Write emails based on facts, and if you do not know, you should ask
Nothing makes a laptop explode more than an email filled with assumptions and accusations. I sometimes witness messages going back and forth where someone goes on the attack over a drop in communication. If you are not sure of something, simply ask. It is new to work without face-to-face reassurance, so you have to compensate for the unknown that may be happening, until you have enough facts to decide what to do.
Submit for things that you know you can do in your sleep; not ‘kinda do'
EVERYONE working online deals with this. If you work in PR, and a journalist asks you for info, but you reply offering what you kinda know…not what they ask for…it is frustrating. If you see a job offering, and you apply saying, “I think I can kinda do it”, it is frustrating to the employer.
Related to here…Auditioning for a voiceover job when you cannot offer what is asked for…is frustrating. Why? Simply put, the abundance of content quantity creates a greater demand for targeted quality. We are all working, and that has never changed.
I see this across the web…Many believe that the abundance of opportunities means you can send a million emails/posts/tweets/check-in's, and that will lead to work. But that is the illusion…Reality has not changed…You still have to work hard to get work. Applying for work is not perfecting what you do…It is agreeing to accept punishment.
Read directions…and then…read them again…and again
Truth is…at times we will never understand what a person is trying to say, even if explained with a 1000-page tech manual, because we all learn at our own speeds. Reading directions two or three times, gives you the time to absorb the true nature of the request.
Do people always explain themselves in a way you understand? No, but that maybe a sign also you should not work with a person. No one likes hand-holding online, no matter who is doing it, if only because we are all figuring this business out for ourselves, individually.
Know when to say “No”
Did you know that this skill of turning work down when you know you cannot do it, saves people time, and in the process, creates an opportunity for you to work with that person again in the future? Why? Knowing when to say “no” is a sign you “know” your business.
Example: I was contacted once by an agent asking me to be in their talent stable for kids. I jokingly replied with a “No” because of my age, and still stay connected to this person on Linkedin.
Whatever is bothering you today, keep it to yourself
A voice seeker or voice talent is not going to know that you just came from a conference where you discussed something important that led you to comment, dealt with a difficult client, or read a blog that left you emotionally charged.
The worst thing to do in any business transaction (usually via email), is to make angry or vague remarks based on something that bothers you. No one reads minds, and should never be expected to. In addition, whatever does bother you will be changed through positive interactions, not sarcasm or negativity.
Be sensitive to where a person is coming from
If you work in a major market or not, and charge fees based on where you live, at times it will seem like way too much or way too little. To be blunt, sharing an example, it makes absolutely no sense for a LA/NY voice actor to get upset with fees offered by a shop merchant to do an in-store video in Bangkok, Thailand. They cannot spend 2-yrs worth of salary on a voiceover from a major US-market.
A way to respect where a person is coming from is many times shown in how “worldly” you can be, by respecting a business' per capita income. If it is not within your interest to work with a person due to budget, then do not even get involved.
In addition, be aware of how you are writing to people. Referring to people as “people overseas” can be seen equally insulting as referring to a group as “these people”. If you find yourself emotionally charged by a person's heritage, avoid working with a person or see previous advice.
Reply to emails fast
Not sure what it is…but even when late with work, if you reply to emails fast to offer reassurance, it buys you time.
Be punctual
I was once taught, “Early is on time. On time is late. Late is unacceptable.” Whether you know it or not, we all feel this way when something is important to us. I was taught that by Disney, if you were wondering, a very tough company that is known for “guest satisfaction”.
Understand the online voice talent/client relationship
In a “do-it-yourself” environment, you have to know that any reasons for not getting work rest upon the artist, the agent, the casting director, business developer, marketer, and CFO…all of that is you.
When websites breakdown, you can throw tomatoes at them, and you should because the service provided has failed, but not before then. The outage may have hurt your relationship. We prevented love. 😀
I guess I write this today because this time of year is very busy, and not long ago, I used to attend 5-7 theatre/voiceover/on-camera auditions a day, and was rejected constantly, until I started to see where I was wasting time, and where I was doing well. That kind of ‘stomach' for having to learn to understand ‘people' still exists today. In a web environment of 700 million users…You can never let it get to you. If you do, you will start teaching yourself how and why to hate all clients, who may in fact be quite beautiful for your finances.
One of the best things of working online is that you get to meet so many wonderful people, and…sometimes you do not. You have to see the beauty in all people though, consistently, to keep making clients say “I love you”, even when you cannot hear it.
Happy Valentine's Day…a day early, but be sure to watch our Twitter and Facebook tomorrow!
Do you have special ways to make clients love you more?
About the cherubic author
Steven is the Community Manager of Voice123
Photo by Escowles
